Mayor Alan Arakawa answers some of the questions submitted to his staff.
Submit your own questions about County of Maui programs, services, operations or policies to Mayor Alan Arakawa at AskTheMayor@mauicounty.gov, 270-7855 or mail them to 200 S. High St., 9th Floor, Wailuku, HI 96793.
Questions submitted will be considered for inclusion in the “Ask the Mayor” column.
Dear Mayor Arakawa,
Q: I'm interested in applying for Section 8 housing assistance; where do I call?
A: Our Maui County Dept. of Housing and Human Concerns' Housing Division is a good starting point, but currently, I'm told that the wait list of potential applicants is full and additional applications are not being accepted at this time. Notification will be advertised in the Maui News when the Section 8 Housing Choice Voucher program will be accepting new applications to the wait list. Please be sure to check for this posting. For more information, please call the County's Section 8 Office at ph. 270-7351. The office is located at 35 Lunalilo Street, Ste. 102 in Wailuku next to the self-storage facility. For general information, visit www.mauicounty.gov/housing and click on “Housing Choice Voucher Section 8 Program” on the left.
Automotive Electronic Control Unit market has been estimated to garner a revenue of $33.66 billion in 2016 and is projected to reach $55.97 billion by 2024, growing at a CAGR of 6.6% from 2017 to 2024.power steering systems generated the highest revenue in the AECU market.
Automotive Electronic Control Unit, also called as AECU, is an embedded system that controls one or more of the electrical system or subsystems in a transport vehicle. AECU is responsible for monitoring all aspects of engine operation, making adjustments based on driver input, and more. It reads the amount of airflow entering the engine to adjust the throttle and it controls the Check Engine Lights. It also manages ignition timing, idle speed, variable valve timing and electronic valve control. One of the most demanding electronic parts of an automobile is the engine control unit. Modern electric cars rely on power electronics for the main propulsion motor control, as well as managing the battery system. Future autonomous cars will rely on powerful computer systems, an array of sensors, networking, and satellite navigation, all of which will require electronics.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/automotive-ecu-market/request-sample
Market Dynamics
Stringent automotive guidelines proposed by the governments in various countries, particularly in Europe and North America have led to a considerable growth in the Automotive Electronic Control Unit market. Enhancement in the features of electronic components and technologies of the emerging electrical vehicle industry, in order to augment the passenger comfort level, will act as a driver to the growth of the market. Driver safety, security concerns, effortless driving and minimum maintenance are also some of the factors driving the growth of AECU market globally.
High functionality required to control the rising communication options between electronic components has increased the complexity of the system. Moreover, low awareness about subsystems and difficulty of OEMs in maintaining & managing the embedded controller enabled process might act as a restraint for market growth.
Market Segmentation
The global automotive electronic control unit market is segmented on the basis of technology, application, and geography. By technology, the market is segmented as transmission control system, engine management system, anti-lock braking system, climate control system, power steering system, airbag restraint system and body controls system. By application, the market is categorized as Utility Vehicles, Passenger Cars, and Commercial vehicles. Geographically, the market is segmented as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World. Europe led the AECU market in 2016. Engine management segment is supposed to witness the highest growth rate of 7.6% during the forecast period.
Some major market players are Continental AG, Denso Corporation, Robert Bosch GmbH, Delphi, Automotive PLC, Hyundai Mobis Co. Ltd., Panasonic Corporation, Lear Corporation, Hitachi Automotive Systems Ltd., Magneti Marelli Spa and Pektron Group Limited.
Automotive Electronic Control Unit Market Segmentation
By Technology
Transmission control system
Engine management system
Anti-lock braking system
Climate control system
Power steering system
Airbag restraint system
Body controls system
By Application
Utility Vehicles
Passenger Cars
Commercial vehicles
By Geography
North America
Europe
APAC
ROW
KEY MARKET PLAYERS
Continental AG
Denso Corporation
Robert Bosch GmbH
Delphi
Automotive PLC
Hyundai Mobis Co. Ltd.
Panasonic Corporation
Lear Corporation
Hitachi Automotive Systems Ltd.
Magneti Marelli Spa
Pektron Group Limited
Request for Customized Report @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/automotive-ecu-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research & Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Address:Sr. No.8/2A/1, Vitthal Heights, Above Yashwant, Kharadi, Pune-411014
Tel: +91-20-65606016
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Web: https://www.esticastresearch.com
The Aiken County Sheriff's Office is searching for a truck belonging to a Wagener man found dead outside his home Monday afternoon.
According to the sheriff's office, deputies were called out to the 400 block of South Main Street at around 3 p.m. for reports of a deceased person. The caller told dispatch that he came over to the home of his friend, 76-year-old Kenneth Goodwin, and found him under a tarp in the front yard.
After a search of the area, investigators discovered that Goodwin's truck was missing and his home had been burglarized. The sheriff's office is still searching for the missing truck: a maroon-colored 2001 Ford Ranger with SC license plate KLG574. The truck has chrome toolboxes on each side of the bed.
The investigation is still ongoing and the sheriff's office is asking for the public to report any information that may help with the case. If you know anything or have seen the missing truck, please call the sheriff's office at 803-648-6811 or CrimeStoppers at 1-888-CRIME-SC.
An autopsy determined Goodwin's cause of death to be trauma to the head and body. His death has been ruled homicide. Carlton says he died several days before being discovered.
Editor's note: The Aiken County Coroner's office originally reported the victim's name as Kenneth Goodman. This was incorrect. His name is Goodwin. We have updated this story with the correct name.
Copyright 2018 WFXG. All rights reserved.
With a car hire in southern Spain, you can enjoy the most amazing beaches, landscapes and cities of Andalusia. Get to know some of the best travel routes.
rent a car marbesol.
Contact
Marbesol, Avda. del Comandante Garcia Morato 28
29004 Málaga
***@solbyte.com Marbesol, Avda. del Comandante Garcia Morato 2829004 Málaga
End
-- Andalusia is a diverse land full of contrasts. You could spend a lifetime getting to know this piece on earth and you would never cease to amaze. Departing from the heart of the Costa del Sol, Málaga, move yourself around with a; Once you are equipped with a vehicle that fulfills your needs, we propose several routes of activities:Start your route in La Malagueta Beach. After a bath, head east. On the coast of Granada, you cannot miss the Playa de la Herradura, in Almuñécar;Nor that of La Guardia, in Salobreña. Once in Almeria, head to the Cabo de Gata-Níjar Natural Park and the beaches of Las Salinas, Mónsul, Genoveses and Rodalquilar. An amazing experience!The beaches of Cádiz and Hueva will leave you with a great taste in your mouth. The beaches of Bolina, Zahara de los Atunes or Tarifa, in Cadiz; And El Portil and Matalascañas, in Huelva. There are endless of them. Do not miss the opportunity to visit the Park of Doñana and the village of Rocío, in the municipality of Almonte. You will know the genuine Andalusian flavor.If you are in the interior, visit towns like Úbeda and Baeza, examples of the Andalusian "Renaissance". On the other hand, Ronda will captivate you by its location on a mountain and its facades almost precipitating by a spectacular cut cut on the river Guadalevín.If you want to enjoy your routes through the diverse landscape and culture of Andalusia with a cheap rental car in best conditions, visit https://www.marbesol.com/
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Justice4the21 campaigners face their next courtroom showdown in London on May 2.
That is the date when Appeal Court judges will carry out a further review into the scope of Birmingham pub bombings at the request of Coroner Sir Peter Thornton.
The former Chief Coroner of England and Wales, who was appointed by the Lord Chief Justice to head the inquest because of its length and complexity, wants to exclude the issue of the bombers.
He has said it was “not in the public interest of these investigations and inquests to pursue unachievable, or indeed unlawful objectives.”
But the families say the issue of who made and planted the bombs is crucial.
They sensationally won a judicial review in the High Court where lawyers representing them persuaded judges to quash the ruling excluding the perpetrators from the scope, but the Coroner has subsequently applied to the Appeal Court for a further review.
The families had to raise £30,000 in legal fees for the High Court challenge and say they need a similar sum for the Appeal Court.
Spokeswoman Julie Hambleton, whose sister Maxine died in the bombings, said: ““It is only thanks to the generosity of thousands of people who have supported us that we have got this far.
“We know all our supporters will be thinking about us on May 2 and wishing us well.”
Inquests have yet to be properly concluded into the deaths of the 21 people who died when bombers destroyed two Birmingham pubs in a night of carnage on November 21, 1974.
The pubs, The Mulberry Bush and The Tavern In The Town, were within yards of each other in the city centre and packed with customers on what was pay day.
The bombings, which happened at the height of an IRA bombing campaign on the British mainland, left nearly 200 others injured.
The Birmingham Six were later wrongly convicted after a flawed police investigation. They served almost 17 year behind bars in one of Britain's most infamous miscarriages of justice before their sentences were quashed and they were released.
That should have resulted in inquests, which were originally opened in 1974, being properly concluded, but they were never resumed.
In 2016 Justice4the21, backed by The Birmingham Mail, successfully campaigned for a new inquest to be opened.
If you can support the families visit: https:// www.gofundme.com/justice-for-the-21
A British lesbian won the right to work and live in Hong Kong with her partner after the city-state's Court of Final Appeal ruled on Wednesday that foreign same-sex couples were entitled to equal treatment under immigration law.
The court ruled that the woman, identified only as QT, should be granted same dependent visa that spouses and children of other foreigners working in Hong Kong receive.
QT entered into a civil partnership in Britain in 2011 and moved to Hong Kong with her partner the same year.
"The ability to bring in dependents is an important issue for persons deciding whether to move to Hong Kong," the court said in a unanimous decision, adding that employment visas are issued to people that have "the talent and skills deemed needed or desirable."
"Such a person could be straight or gay," the court ruled.
Although a lower court ruled in favor of "QT" in September, the Department of Immigration took the case to the Court of Final Appeal.
The head of the immigration department "failed to justify the discriminatory treatment," the ruling said.
Read more: Taiwan court first in Asia to approve gay marriage
Historic verdict
QT's lawyer described Wednesday's ruling as a landmark because it was the first time the city's highest court had ruled in relation to the rights of same-sex couples.
The former British colony, which returned to Chinese rule in 1997, maintains its Western-style legal system. However, pro-democracy activists have protested against Beijing's increasing political control over the city in the past few years.
"Hopefully it [Wednesday's verdict] will pave the way to change," Michael Vidler, QT's lawyer said.
International financial institutions like Credit Suisse, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley supported QT's bid to stay with her partner on a spousal visa, saying diverse hiring practices were crucial to attracting top talent in Asia's financial hub.
Read more: Renewed hope for gay rights in India
Advancement of gay rights
In a statement released by her lawyer after the verdict, QT said she felt "joy" and "in some small part helped advance the rights of LGBTI people in Hong Kong."
Jan Wetzel, a senior legal adviser at Amnesty International, hailed the Hong Kong's court decision in an email statement: "The judgment is milestone for Hong Kong and a watershed moment for the rights of LGBTI people across Asia."
"The government must now follow up and the end the discrimination same-sex couples face in all walks of life," he added.
Read more: A journey from male to female, Pakistan to Germany
Watch video 01:16 Now live 01:16 mins. Share Taiwan says "yes" to gay marriage Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2dXA3 Taiwan says "yes" to gay marriage
shs/msh (AFP, AP, dpa)
A hotline and online complaint form has been launched in regards to the state's investigation into Michigan State University.
The Attorney General's office is encouraging anyone who may have information related to MSU, its handling of Larry Nassar or other related matters to reach out one of three ways.
Online at www.michigan.gov/msuinvestigation
Email: msuinvestigation@michigan.gov
Phone: 844-324-3374
The hotline will be open Monday – Friday from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. The online complaint form and email address are available 24/7.
The European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) in Strasbourg will rule on Tuesday on whether 14 men interned in Northern Ireland in 1971 were tortured.
The court ruled in 1978 that the treatment of the so-called “hooded men” had amounted to inhuman and degrading treatment, but not torture.
The case was taken by the Irish government against the UK, and a revised ruling was sought in 2014 on the basis of new information disclosed by RTÉ.
The ECHR, which sits in Strasbourg, is an international court that hears cases involving alleged breaches of the European Convention on Human Rights, article 3 of which prohibits torture and degrading treatment.
The 14 men were taken to Ballykelly army base in Co Derry and made to stand in a strained, spread-eagled position against a wall; deprived of food and water; deprived of sleep; hooded; and subjected to white noise.
Ireland alleges that the new evidence, if known at the time, would have led to a finding of torture. The new evidence is contained in UK documents released to the public archives since the original hearing.
The court allows a party to request that a finding be revised “in the event of the discovery of a fact which might by its nature have a decisive influence and which, when a judgment was delivered, was unknown to the court and could not reasonably have been known to that party”.
Ireland argued that the new documents show the London government knew its core argument at the original hearing – that the effects of the five interrogation techniques used on the men were not severe or long-lasting – was untrue.
Press conference
The ruling from the court is expected at approximately 9am Irish time. A press conference with some of the men affected is to take place in Belfast at 11.30am.
Following the revelations in the RTÉ programme, Amnesty International requested the Irish Government to seek a review from the ECHR. It also demanded an independent inquiry in the case of the men.
Amnesty has backed the men's campaign for decades, and first reported on their torture during a 1971 mission to Northern Ireland to investigate internment. What happened to the men was also taken up by Catholic priests Fr Raymond Murray and Fr Denis Faul.
The decision to use the controversial methods in Northern Ireland was a political one taken at a high level in London, the released documents indicate.
The men taken to the Ballykelly centre were: Jim Auld, Pat Shivers, Joe Clarke, Michael Donnelly, Kevin Hannaway, Paddy Joe McLean, Francie McGuigan, Patrick McNally, Sean McKenna, Gerry McKerr, Michael Montgomery, Davy Rodgers, Liam Shannon and Brian Turley.
Amnesty has said the 1978 ruling of the Strasbourg court has been relied upon by the US, Israel and the UK in the so-called War on Terror.
“The 1978 European Court judgment was, in our view, erroneous, and it created a terrible precedent,” Amnesty's Patrick Corrigan has said.
The techniques used against the men in the secret interrogation centre in Ballykelly had been used by the British army over decades in a number of former colonies.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Sisal Fiber Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Sisal Fiber market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are SFI Tanzania, REA Vipingo Group, METL Group, Lanktrad, GuangXi Sisal Group, Hamilton Rios, Hamilton Rios, International Fiber Corporation. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Sisal Fiber Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-sisal-fiber-market/10337/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Sisal Fiber market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Sisal Fiber market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Sisal Fiber Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Sisal Fiber. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Sisal Fiber in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Lower Grade Fiber, Medium Grade Fiber, Higher-Grade Fiber.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Paper Industry, Ropes & Twine Industry, Spin & Carpet Industry, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Sisal Fiber Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-sisal-fiber-market/10337/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Sisal Fiber new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Sisal Fiber market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Sisal Fiber industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Broadway's Leading Lady from The Phantom of the Opera debuts her latest concert in Ventura as Part of the Janet and Mark Goldenson Broadway Concert Series.
Once Upon a Song_Poster
Media Contact
805-667-2900
***@rubicontheatre.org 805-667-2900
End
-- Celebrate the singers and songs of the silver screen when Broadway leading ladydebuts her new concertas part of the 2017at Rubicon Theatre Company. Bibb's soaring soprano has thrilled audiences across the continent and throughout the world. In addition to performing on Broadway and tour as Christine in(more than 1,000 performances), she has given a command performance at the White House, on ABC's "Dancing with the Stars," and on the stages of Radio City Music Hall, Carnegie Hall and London's Royal Albert Hall,In this tribute, Bibb shares her personal connection to the women who inspired her and helped shape her career. The concert features tunes from classic golden era films sung by Jane Powell, Kathryn Grayson, Judy Garland, Julie Andrews, Shirley Jones, and more, and is an evening of glorious singing, stories and a musical surprise or two. Bibb is joined by Musical Directorand directed by Rubicon Associate Artistic Directorincomes to Ventura for three-performances-only: Saturday, August 19 at 2 p.m. and 8 p.m. and Sunday, August 20 at 2 p.m.In addition to her extraordinary run in, Bibb's credits include the Broadway revival ofin the role of Amalia, and more than 50 musicals across the country. Along the way, Bibb has been honored for her work on stage with a Helen Hayes Award nomination and a Carbonell Award. She played the title role in, opposite the late José Ferrer at the Paper Mill Playhouse and starred in the World Premieres of two musicals:at the Ford's Theatre in Washington, D.C. andwith the Katselas Theatre Company in Beverly Hills, for which she received an Ovation Award nomination. She recently toured as Marian inwith Patrick Cassidy and one of her idols, Shirley Jones.Bibb has been a featured soloist in gala tributes honoring Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber, Stephen Sondheim, and Harold Prince, including "The Broadway Prince" at Carnegie Hall and seven annual "The Night of 1,000 Voices" concerts at London's Royal Albert Hall. She sang duets with tenor José Carreras at Radio City Music Hall and starred in "One Enchanted Evening" in Belfast, Northern Ireland. Bibb has sung with orchestras across the US, including the Santa Fe, St. Louis, Cape and Pacific Symphonies, the California Philharmonic and the New York Pops; and can be heard on the recordings "Unsung Irving Berlin" and "A Gala Concert for Hal Prince."In Los Angeles, Bibb played Clara in the L.A. concert premiere ofand was featured infor the Reprise Theatre Company.She has guest starred on television, been a supporting player on film, and has sung on several film scores, including "Ice Age" and "Polar Express." She was also a guest soloist on ABC's "Dancing with the Stars." Bibb is co-creator and member of "The Phantom's Leading Ladies," a trio of "Christines"fromFor, Bibb returns to Rubicon, where she has appeared as Mrs. Cratchit infor the past two years and in four annual productions of, as well as numerous special events and concerts.) studied voice and piano at Virginia Commonwealth University and began his career as a musical director for dozens of local musicals. Rowsey then moved to the Washington, D.C. suburbs, serving as Musical Director for a new American opera, singing the title role in Michael Nyman's, and teaching at The Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. He also taught and directed for The Studio Theatre and Woolly Mammoth Theatre Company. Rowsey toured the country as a musical director and conductor for a number of national tours of Broadway musicals. He returned to Richmond as Associate Producing Artistic Director for TheatreVirginia, and was back on the road first as conductor, then company manager and finally general manager for one of the nation's leading producers of national tours. He Rowsey is currently the education artistic director for the Sun Valley Summer Symphony, leading the voice program and working with high school vocal ensembles; the music director for the community chorale Caritas; the musical director for Light on the Mountains Center for Spiritual Living; and the choir director at Our Lady of the Snows. Rowsey also spends time as a clinician, coach, and adjudicator throughout the region.is presented at Rubicon for three-performances-only onandandTickets for the general public are $55. Tickets for students with ID are $25; Equity members and military are $30. There is a $5 discount for seniors 65 and older. Discounts of 10% to 20% are available for groups of 10 or more, depending on the size of the group. A VIP experience, limited to 25 individuals following the Sunday matinee, is $135, and includes a post-show reception with concert stars, a complimentary 5 oz. glass of premium Rubicon estate grown wine created by film director Francis Ford Coppola, and gourmet hors d'oeuvres.
Dubai: Peshawar Zalmi captain Darren Sammy made no bones about the fact that they made a mess of a small target in winning Sunday night's only match by three wickets in the Pakistan Super League.
“We made a mess of a small total, I don't think our coach would be too happy. Hope to put in a better batting performance. After the first game when we scored 190, everyone thought the wickets would be a belter. So far, it has helped seam and spin. When I won the toss, there was some moisture in the air. We exploited that. Hasan (Ali) hit the Test lengths, so did all the bowlers I called upon. When they bowled, spinners did the job for them,” said Sammy, whose team had bowled out Lahore Qalandars for a paltry 59 in 10.2 overs.
Lahore's innings was the second shortest in the history of a Twenty20 game, the first being Mohammadan Sporting Club that got bowled out for 45 runs in 8.4 overs in Sylhet Stadium in Bangladesh during a Victory Day T20 Cup. On Sunday night, 17 wickets fell for 119 runs at the Dubai International Stadium.
Sammy knew that a small target does not always guarantee a win. “We got 10 wickets, so we knew they could, too. But happy to have got the win.”
Brendon McCullum, the skipper of the Lahore team was stunned by his team's batting collapse despite losing the toss. “It didn't feel like a 59-60 kind of pitch. We wanted to keep attacking. Credit to the boys, they got stuck in defending such a low score.”
Even in a shattering defeat, he could spot many positives especially due to fight back to defend the small total. “We've come together really well. The team spirit, camaraderie and an understanding of how we want to be playing is something you can't fault. It was a good time to be out there and enjoy what was a tight game, but not necessarily the prettiest game to watch.”
McCullum revealed their mindset to fight such small totals. “You don't anticipate when you get bowled out, but we were alive because of the positive mindset. You want to be aggressive and dictate play. Results at the end of the tournament will judge if we're successful or not, but for now, I'm very happy.”
Lahore spinner Yasir Shah, who through a deadly spell of four wickets for seven runs almost won the match for his team, was adjudged the Man of the Match. “My captain supported and motivated me, telling me that in this sort of games, the main spinner in the team comes to the party. I tried to pick wickets because there weren't many runs on the board.”
If not for Eoin Morgan's fighting 23 runs, Peshawar would have crashed to an embarrassing defeat. Speaking about his team's win, Morgan said: “Nice to get another win, momentum is in our favour. Bowlers were outstanding on a surface that offered little more than it did the other night. When you chase a small score, you look to go for it but the wicket didn't allow that. It was a little two-paced. I don't think I had a rub of the green with my dismissal. Everybody makes mistakes, thankfully it didn't cost us.”
Brief scores: Peshawar Zalmi bt Lahore Qalandars by three wickets.
Lahore Qalandars 59 in 10.2 overs (Fakhar Zaman 33, Hasan Ali 3 for 23, Chris Jordan 2 for 8) vs Peshawar Zalmi 60 for 7 in 17 overs (Eoin Morgan 23, Yasir Shah 4 for 7, Sunil Narine 2 for 16). Man of the match: Yasir Shah
March 29 Luna Gold Corp:
* Luna Gold and JDL announce court approval of the plan of arrangement to form Trek Mining Inc
* Luna Gold Corp- is expected that plan of arrangement to form trek mining inc will close on March 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A whole host of new shops are opening in Birmingham this autumn – including an iconic New York jewellery brand and a 20,000 square foot Interiors Hub.
There's also a classic homeware and design store steeped in 200 years of history that's coming to the city for the first time.
And an out of town shopping park that's had a £16 million makeover has lots of new stores opening between now and Christmas.
Shopping in Birmingham is about to get even better - here are some of the exciting stores coming to the city.
Bullring
Tiffany & Co.
Tiffany & Co. is opening in Birmingham!
The iconic jewellery brand, often associated with movie star Audrey Hepburn, has announced to plans to open a store in Bullring.
The boutique will be opening in Selfridges Birmingham on November 16.
Located on the store's fourth floor, the shop will stock the brand's jewellery and watches collections from the iconic Tiffany T range, Fleur de Lis and Tiffany City HardWear to the CT60 and East West watches collections.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Link Street pop ups
A series of gift shops, jewellers, fashion boutiques and cosmetic brands are set to open on the Bullring's Link Street in the coming weeks.
We will bring you more details soon ...
The Mailbox
The designer shopping mall is launching a new 20,000 square foot Interiors Hub called Homewares at The Mailbox on level one.
The concept behind the launch is that it will become a go-to destination for furnishing and design ideas.
Set in an L-shape at the back of The Mailbox, the stores will have their own frontages but will all lead into the same open-plan space, making it like a large department store full of furnishing showrooms and bespoke design brands.
The Interiors Hub is set to launch at The Mailbox on October 26.
Here's what to expect ...
Heal's
(Image: Heal's)
Heal's has been a homeware and design store since 1810 and this will be the first time the brand has launched a shop in the Midlands.
As well as furniture, Heal's is known for its lighting, decorative accessories and kitchenware.
The store will also stock some of the world's most iconic furniture and lifestyle brands, including Case and Tom Dixon.
Hamish Mansbridge, CEO at Heal's said: “This is an incredibly exciting opportunity for Heal's, giving us a new regional flagship store in the Midlands.
“This significant move shows the desire of local residents for beautiful, well-made pieces of furniture that will stand the test of time.”
Wesley Barrell
Bespoke upholsterer Wesley Barrell has been handcrafting sofas and armchairs for more than 120 years.
The company continues to use artisan techniques, handed down through generations.
MADE.COM
(Image: MADE)
Set up in 2010 in reaction to today's disposable shopping culture, MADE's collections are designed to be timeless, outliving trends and evolving with people's changing style.
Annabel Kilner, commercial director at MADE.COM, added, “Having seen great promise from the MADE Birmingham pop up, we are delighted to announce the opening of our showroom in the Mailbox.
“Birmingham is an important city for MADE.COM and we're keen to see the impact the bigger location will have on sales.”
BoConcept
BoConcept is a Danish design company where interior designers are on hand to help people learn how to customise their modular designs to suit their homes.
There's also a full interior design service available.
Content by Conran
The Content by Terence Conran collection incorporates a range of contemporary and bespoke upholstery and cabinet furniture.
This is a concession within the Interiors Hub, rather than having a frontage of its own.
Calligaris
Italian design experts Calligaris will give customers the opportunity to create bespoke pieces of stylish, practical furniture.
It all began in Italy with wooden chairs in 1923 and today, Calligaris sells everything from sofas and dining sets to lighting, shelves and accessories.
It will feature as a concession within the store.
SITS
Handmade furniture brand SITS makes almost 1,000,000 sofas and armchairs every year.
Founded in 1993, the company is now well known over Europe.
It will have a concession within the Interiors Hub.
iLite
For more than 35 years, iLite has specialised in luxury lighting from brands including Swarovski, Foscarini, Masiero, Diesel, Flos and Schonbek from its large showroom on Soho Hill.
The lighting brand is opening a standalone store at The Mailbox this autumn.
The Interiors Hub is part of a series of new openings at The Mailbox.
Additional launches include:
The Wedding Club
(Image: DUD HASSON)
With stores in London's swanky Knightsbridge and South Kensington, The Wedding Club opened at The Mailbox on September 30 bringing designers like Berta, Jenny Packham and Charlie Brear to the city.
Born in Birmingham, The Wedding Club is synonymous with dresses that dare to be different and has dressed celebrities like Tallia Storm and Lucy Mecklenburgh.
Merry Hill
Merry Hill is undergoing a massive £110 million expansion and renovation programme, bringing in new shops, restaurants and cinema.
Intu acquired the whole of Merry Hill last year, enabling it to grow the popular retail and leisure complex.
Recent launches have included River Island, the Little Dessert Shop, Hobbycraft store and Sketchers.
Out of town shopping
Gallagher Shopping Park
Gallagher Shopping Park in Wednesbury has been transformed by a £16 million makeover and now has more than 200,000 sq ft of retail space, featuring stores like Next , TK Maxx , Curry's , JD Sports and Outfit .
Being right next to IKEA , just off junction 9 of the motorway, there are also plenty of homeware shops too, such as ScS, Furniture Village, Harveys, Sofology, Tapi Carpets and Oak Furniture Land.
Still to come is M&S Simply Food and DFS , both of which are due to open before Christmas.
And for foodies, new restaurants and cafes include Nando's and Costa Coffee, together with a Smashburger restaurant which opened on October 5.
• To keep updated on shopping news, like our What's On Facebook page.
On Easter Sunday, one of the least pious societies in the world heard an explicitly Christian message from its prime minister. As proof of Theresa May's monopoly on British politics, her freedom to express herself like a midfielder given time on the ball, it revealed even more than the surveys that put her Conservatives 21 points ahead of the Labour opposition.
A leader who has to look over her shoulder does not air her faith with such confidence. Alastair Campbell, who advised Tony Blair as prime minister, called it a mistake. In the absence of serious competition, there is no such thing as a mistake.
The Easter message confirmed something about May that continues to escape some of the commentary about her. She is a believer in things. She has her own view of the world and it comes, if not from scripture, then at least from the Anglican cast of mind.
She favours a gentle society over a dynamic one, views the market with the suspicion of a mild social democrat and takes nationhood more seriously than the universalist end of Christianity tends to. None of these beliefs are extreme but they are held with enough strength to drive the government.
They are also lost on cynics. It has become customary to analyse May as the subject of external forces, particularly of the Tory right. When she pursues the hardest of exits from the EU, it is to please zealots in her party. When she softens her line a little, it is because their pressure has relented. When she revives academic selection in state schools, she must have the conservative press in mind.
The un-British prominence of the national flag in her staged photographs, the talk of a “red, white and blue” exit: these are try-hard bids for rightwing acceptance. In this view of events, she is more like an agent with a client to retain than a force of her own.
“It's worse than you think,” said Blair when the left asked him to drop his moderate manifesto once the document had fulfilled its narrow mission to attract voters. “I believe in it.” Our quickness to read political calculation into everything is not just ungenerous, it makes for bad analysis. May believes in her policies. If she had a lavish majority in parliament and no reason to heed her MPs, she would govern in much the same way.
Most conservative since Thatcher
The mistake is to assume that she feels cowed by her lack of a personal mandate – that her rise to the premiership without a serious contest or a general election, after a referendum in which she took the losing side, has made her the dutiful instrument of Tory MPs.
There is no trace of this insecurity. The fact of power matters more than its manner of acquisition. If anything, she has managed to read into the EU referendum – which, to repeat, went against her – a long-suppressed public clamour for her version of exit, her domestic policies and her style of leadership.
As a clue to the future, her six years as home secretary were so telling as to deserve their own historical study. Cabinet colleagues tried to have her replaced with someone less hardline on immigration. A normal politician would have eased the policy to buy off the pressure. She did not even pretend. This is bitter news for the liberal-minded but Britain has its most culturally conservative leader since at least Margaret Thatcher and, given the Tory's enthusiasm for markets, perhaps before her, too.
Another predecessor, John Major, had to walk on eggshells around the Conservative right as their views were so alien. If May is more assured in their presence, it is not because her majority is any bigger (it is about the same) or because Tory backbenchers have mellowed over time (ask David Cameron, the previous prime minister, about that) but because her outlook is similar to theirs.
The British political system is so centralised that a government is often just the magnification of the prime minister's instincts, and May's are unmistakable. The implications go beyond the precise terms of the exit deal she will sign, to the policies that will shape the country once it gains that mercurial prize called independence.
At its best, May's Britain will be vigilant to terror and give industrial strategy a chance to amount to more than it has in the past. At its worst, spirit-draining bureaucracy will set in and Britain will spurn able migrants with the zeal that other countries put into the worldwide competition for them.
Either way, it will be her doing, not that of her MPs, the media or even the electorate. To see this government's work as the sum of outside pressures is to patronise and exonerate May all at once. It is worse than you think. She believes in it.
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017
Two thirds of families caring for disabled adults with complex needs in Sussex are ‘living in fear' of what will happen to their loved one when they are no longer able to provide support, according to a new report by the national disability charity Sense.
In a report published by the charity on Friday (February 2), 79 per cent of the families surveyed said they have no long-term plan in place for when they are no longer able to provide support. Meanwhile 91 per cent said they have little to no trust in local authorities being able to provide adequate care to their loved one.
The report also highlights new Freedom of Information data which reveals only one in four councils in England are able to support disabled people and their carers to make contingency plans for future care options.
Richard Kramer, deputy CEO of Sense, said: “After a lifetime of caring, no parent or disabled adult should be left neglected and living in fear about the future.
“The clear warnings from families contained in this report about the consequences for them and their sons or daughters must be listened to as the current position is not sustainable. The costs of inaction are clear – inadequate planning and lack of provision simply shunts disabled adults into crisis placements which are challenging and frightening for the individual and inadequately meets their needs.
“We need to tackle the pressures facing families with better planning for future care needs and greater investment in social care to combat this looming care crisis. It is now a time to act so disabled adults and their families receive the right support at the right time and in the most appropriate setting.”
According to Sense, there are 1.3 million carers aged over 60 in England and Wales. The charity says its research raises fears of a looming care crisis for disabled adults with complex needs, who risk being placed in unsuitable crisis care placements.
Only 11 per cent of family carers in the south east of England reported finding the process of planning for the future straightforward, with many saying they worried that a lack of quality care and a shortage of specialist services will mean their loved one's needs will not be met in the future. More than half (52 per cent) said they worry that funding cuts will impact the availability of local services for their loved one.
As part of a series of recommendations set out in the report, the charity calls for a duty on councils to ensure long term care plans are in place for disabled adults. This call is supported by 8 out of 10 of the carers surveyed. Sense is also calling upon government to ensure social care is adequately funded to meet the growing needs of families and disabled adults.
Alongside today's report, Sense have also published a toolkit: ‘Decisions to make: Steps to take' aimed at helping disabled people and their families make decisions about future care and support.
The report and the toolkit can be found here: www.sense.org.uk/helpfamiliesplan
Dec. 17: Singer-actor Tommy Steele is 81. Keyboardist-singer Art Neville of the Neville Brothers is 80. Actor Bernard Hill is 73. Actor Ernie Hudson ("Ghostbusters") is 72. "Hardball" host Chris Matthews is 72. Actor-comedian Eugene Levy is 71. Drummer Jim Bonfanti of The Raspberries is 69. Actor Joel Brooks ("Six Feet Under") is 68. Singer Paul Rodgers is 68. Singer Wanda Hutchinson of The Emotions is 66. Country singer Sharon White of The Whites is 64. Actor Barry Livingston ("My Three Sons") is 64. Actor Bill Pullman is 64. Director-producer Peter Farrelly ("There's Something About Mary," ''Dumb and Dumber") is 61. Bassist Mike Mills of R.E.M. is 59. Singer Sarah Dallin of Bananarama is 56. Country singer Tracy Byrd is 51. Bassist Duane Propes of Little Texas is 51. Actress Laurie Holden ("The Walking Dead") is 48. DJ Homicide of Sugar Ray is 47. Actor Sean Patrick Thomas ("The District") is 47. Actress Claire Forlani ("Meet Joe Black," ''CSI: NY") is 46. Drummer Eddie Fisher of OneRepublic is 44. Actress Sarah Paulson ("American Horror Story") is 43. Actor Giovanni Ribisi is 43. Actress Marissa Ribisi ("Pleasantville") is 43. Actress Milla Jovovich ("Zoolander," ''The Fifth Element") is 42. Singer Ben Goldwasser of MGMT is 35. Actress Shannon Woodward ("Westworld," ''Raising Hope") is 33. Actress Emma Bell ("The Walking Dead") is 31. Guitarist Taylor York of Paramore is 28. Actor Graham Rogers ("Quantico") is 27. Actor-singer Nat Wolff ("The Naked Brothers Band") is 23.
Dec. 18: Actor Roger Mosley ("Magnum, P.I.") is 79. Guitarist Keith Richards of The Rolling Stones is 74. Director Steven Spielberg is 71. Movie critic Leonard Maltin is 67. Guitarist Elliot Easton of The Cars is 64. Actor Ray Liotta is 62. Singer Angie Stone is 56. Actor Brad Pitt is 54. Wrestler-actor Stone Cold Steve Austin ("Chain of Command") is 53. Actor Shawn Christian ("Days of Our Lives") is 52. Actress Rachel Griffiths ("Brothers and Sisters," ''Six Feet Under") is 49. Singer Alejandro Sanz is 49. Country singer Cowboy Troy is 47. Rapper DMX is 47. DJ Lethal of Limp Bizkit is 45. Singer Sia is 42. Country singer Randy Houser is 41. Actor Josh Dallas ("Once Upon A Time") is 39. Actress Katie Holmes ("Dawson's Creek") is 39. Singer Christina Aguilera is 37. Actress Ashley Benson ("Pretty Little Liars") is 28.
Dec. 19: Actress Cicely Tyson is 93. Actress Elaine Joyce is 74. Actor Tim Reid is 73. Musician John McEuen (Nitty Gritty Dirt Band) is 72. Country singer Janie Fricke is 70. Actor Mike Lookinland ("The Brady Bunch") is 57. Actress Jennifer Beals is 54. Actor Scott Cohen ("Gilmore Girls") is 53. Actor Robert MacNaughton ("E.T.") is 51. Magician Criss Angel is 50. Guitarist Klaus Eichstadt of Ugly Kid Joe is 50. Actress Kristy Swanson is 48. Model Tyson Beckford is 47. Actress Alyssa Milano is 45. Actor Jake Gyllenhaal is 37. Actress Marla Sokoloff ("The Practice") is 37.
Dec. 20: Actor Tommy Cole ("The Mickey Mouse Club") is 76. Drummer Bobby Colomby of Blood, Sweat and Tears is 73. Former Kiss drummer Peter Criss is 72. Musician Alan Parsons is 69. Actress Jenny Agutter ("Call the Midwife") is 65. Actor Michael Badalucco ("The Practice") is 63. Actress Blanche Baker ("Shakedown," ''Holocaust") is 61. Singer Billy Bragg is 60. Singer-bassist Mike Watt (The Minutemen, fIREHOSE) is 60. Actor Joel Gretsch ("V'') is 54. Country singer Kris Tyler is 53. Singer Chris Robinson (The Black Crowes) is 51. Singer David Cook ("American Idol") is 35. Actor Jonah Hill is 34. Singer JoJo is 27.
Advertisement
Dec. 21: Country singer Freddie Hart is 91. Talk show host Phil Donahue is 82. Actress Jane Fonda is 80. Singer Carla Thomas is 75. Guitarist Albert Lee is 74. Actor Samuel L. Jackson is 69. Singer Nick Gilder is 67. Actor Dennis Boutsikaris ("Better Call Saul") is 65. Singer Betty Wright is 64. Actress Jane Kaczmarek ("Malcolm in the Middle") is 62. Country singer Lee Roy Parnell is 61. Entertainer Jim Rose of The Jim Rose Circus Sideshow is 61. Former child actress Lisa Gerritsen ("Phyllis," ''The Mary Tyler Moore Show") is 60. Actor-comedian Ray Romano ("Everybody Loves Raymond") is 60. Country singer Christy Forester of the Forester Sisters is 55. Drummer Murph of Dinosaur Jr. is 53. Guitarist Gabrielle Glaser (Luscious Jackson) is 52. Actor-comedian Andy Dick is 52. Actor Kiefer Sutherland is 51. Actress Karri Turner ("JAG") is 51. Actress Khrystyne Haje ("Head of the Class") is 49. Country singer Brad Warren of The Warren Brothers is 49. Actress Julie Delpy is 48. Contemporary Christian singer Natalie Grant is 46. Singer-guitarist Brett Scallions (Fuel) is 46. Singer Lukas Rossi of Rock Star Supernova (TV: "Rock Star: Supernova") is 41. Actress Rutina Wesley ("True Blood") is 39. Keyboardist Anna Bulbrook of Airborne Toxic Event is 35. Actor Steven Yeun ("The Walking Dead") is 34.
Dec. 22: Actor Hector Elizondo is 81. Country singer Red Steagall is 79. TV anchor Diane Sawyer is 72. Guitarist Rick Nielsen of Cheap Trick is 69. Actress BernNadette Stanis ("Good Times") is 64. Rapper Luther Campbell (2 Live Crew) is 57. Guitarist Chuck Mead (BR549) is 57. Actor Ralph Fiennes is 55. Actress Lauralee Bell ("The Young and the Restless") is 49. Country singer Lori McKenna is 49. Actress Heather Donahue ("The Blair Witch Project") is 44. Actor Chris Carmack ("The O.C.") is 37. Singer Jordin Sparks ("American Idol") is 28. Singer Meghan Trainor is 24.
Dec. 23: Actor Ronnie Schell ("Gomer Pyle, USMC") is 86. Actor Frederic Forrest ("Lonesome Dove") is 81. Guitarist Jorma Kaukonen (Jefferson Airplane, Hot Tuna) is 77. Drummer Ron Bushy of Iron Butterfly is 76. Actor-comedian Harry Shearer ("The Simpsons") is 74. Actress Susan Lucci ("All My Children") is 71. Guitarist Dave Murray of Iron Maiden is 61. Singer Eddie Vedder of Pearl Jam is 53. Jazz trumpeter Irvin Mayfield is 40. Actress Anna Maria Perez de Tagle ("Hannah Montana," ''Camp Rock") is 27. Actor Spencer Daniels ("Mom") is 25.
It was a moment not caught by the cameras. Over 100 minutes into a venomous encounter, England's round-of-16 clash with Colombia was being played on a knife's edge as Los Cafeteros piled forward in the hopes of finding a winner in extra time. Moscow's Spartak Stadium was a sea of yellow with the Colombia fans reaching fever pitch in the extra period. It couldn't have been easy for Harry Kane and the rest of the "Three Lions."
Read more: A new England rises
Yet it was the England captain, who bellowed into his own half. He repeatedly hit himself on the chest. It was a clear message to England's backline: "Hold firm, lads. We're not letting this slip." It is these little details that speak to the new spirit in the ranks of England's World Cup squad. A captain, who led by example and never lost his cool. A goalkeeper, who has exceeded all expectations. A team, who recovered from the late equalizer to hold their nerve and do the unthinkable - win a penalty shootout.
Jordan Pickford saves Mateus Uribe's penalty to send England through to the World Cup quarter finals.
England breaks the shootout curse
"We never panicked. We were ready for that," said Eric Dier, scorer of the winning spot kick that booked England a place in the quarterfinals. "We knew what we had to do and we stayed calm." The Three Lions' first-ever penalty shootout win in the 84-year history of the World Cup exorcised some of the demons past, especially for head coach Gareth Southgate. The 47-year-old missed the decisive spot kick as England got knocked out of EURO 1996 on home soil by Germany. Since taking over as England head coach, Southgate has utilized a sports psychologist and dedicated extra training sessions to penalty taking. The result: One miss out of five, as David Ospina kept Jordan Henderson's effort out.
Rewind two years and England weren't in a position to enjoy successes like this in the knockout stages of a major tournament. They were embarrassed at EURO 2016 when they were eliminated by Iceland in the quarterfinals. Head coach Roy Hodgson and his side were heavily criticized by the English press. After Sam Allardyce's brief tenure in the role, Southgate took the reins. The squad hasn't undergone wholesale changes, but Southgate appears to have found a way to connect with his charges.
"I am really proud with the way we played as a team," the coach said after the game. It's a team that has a hunger to prove themselves. Exciting young players like Jesse Lingard, Marcus Rashford and Raheem Sterling are all playing with a greater sense of freedom and enjoyment. Even goalkeeper Jordan Pickford - seen as England's weakest link before the tournament began - exuded confidence and calm. His leap shortly before the final whistle to deny Mateus Uribe was the save of tournament. It was just a shame that 24-year-old was powerless to prevent Colombia equalizing from the resulting corner.
Kane chasing Gary Lineker's legacy
Then, of course, there's Kane, who is hot on the heels of England's record goalscorer at the World Cup, Gary Lineker. The Tottenham star has scored 12 goals in eight games as England captain, including the six he's netted in Russia to put him two clear in the race for the Golden Boot. He only needs two more to draw level with Lineker. Scoring from the spot is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to Kane's performance at this World Cup. He tracks back, throws himself into challenges and isn't above the grunt work. A captain England fans can get behind.
English football has always boasted talent and individual quality across several positions. The difference this time being that England are capable of edging tight, hard-fought encounters like that against Colombia. They weren't thrown off by the heated atmosphere or Colombia's play-acting. They proved they have cool heads and the victory on penalties is only going to unify them more.
Gareth Southgate has received plenty of plaudits for his work with the England national team.
"It's coming home"
Who knows how long this England side can maintain this euphoria. Sweden await them in the quarterfinals and, if they can successfully navigate that game, Croatia or Russia will provide the opposition in the final four. The England fans were outnumbered in the Spartak Stadium, but made themselves heard as they chanted while waiting to exit. The famous: "It's coming home…”
It started off as ironic chitchat among friends and on social media, just like at every tournament England feature at. Right now though, there is a growing realization that this team has the right attitude and spirit to finally bring something home. The new England is in the mood for more.
BRUSSELS, April 10 The following are mergers under review by the European Commission and a brief guide to the EU merger process:
APPROVALS AND WITHDRAWALS
-- Danish container shipping company Maersk to acquire German peer Hamburg Sud (approved April 10)
-- Private equity firm CVC to acquire Polish retailer Zabka Polska (approved April 7)
-- Bollore Energy, which is part of French group Bollore , and Total Marketing France, which is part of French energy company Total, to set up a joint venture (approved April 5)
NEW LISTINGS
None
EXTENSIONS AND OTHER CHANGES
None
FIRST-STAGE REVIEWS BY DEADLINE
APRIL 12
-- U.S. aircraft component maker Rockwell Collins to acquire aircraft interior maker B/E Aerospace (notified March 8/deadline April 12)
-- U.S. car part supplier Lear to acquire Grupo Antolin's automotive seating business (notified March 8/deadline April 12/simplified)
APRIL 19
-- Private equity firm Advent International to acquire biometrics and security business Morpho from French aerospace group Safran (notified Feb. 24/deadline extended to April 19 from March 31 after the companies offered concessions)
-- Britain's Rolls-Royce to acquire the remaining 53.1 percent stake in Spanish aircraft engine and components maker Industria de Turbo Propulsores (ITP) (notified Feb. 24/deadline extended to April 19 from March 31 after the companies offered concessions)
APRIL 24
-- French media company Bollore to acquire control of French company Vivendi (notified March 15/deadline April 24)
APRIL 26
-- Investment company Ardian to acquire the majority of France's Prosol, an operator of Grand Frais grocery stores (notified March 17/deadline April 26/simplified)
-- Singapore-based tech communications company Broadcom AVGO.O to acquire U.S. networking switches and software maker Brocade (notified March 17/ deadline April 26)
-- Swiss pharmaceutical supplier Lonza Group to acquire U.S. capsule maker Capsugel from private equity firm KKE & Co LP (notified March 17/deadline April 26)
MAY 2
-- Italian energy company Duferco Energia to acquire a business unit from Italian electricity company Energhe S.p.A. (notified March 22/deadline May 2/simplified)
MAY 4
-- Private investment firm KKR & Co. to acquire travel company Travelopia Holdings Ltd and Travelopia USA Inc. (notified March 24/ deadline May 4/simplified)
MAY 5
-- Japan's Panasonic Corporation to acquire Spanish auto parts maker Ficosa International (notified March 27/deadline May 5)
-- Banking services platform Pillarstone to acquire holding company Famar which has activities in the pharmaceutical industry (notified March 27/deadline May 5/simplified)
MAY 8
-- Swiss car importer Emil Frey France to acquire French car parts distributor PGA Group SAS from German carmaker Volkswagen Group (notified March 28/deadline May 8/simplified)
MAY 10
-- Toyota Industries Europe to acquire Vive, the parent company of Dutch industrial company Vanderlande Industries Holding B.V (notified March 29/deadline May 10/simplified)
MAY 12
-- Taiwan's Ennoconn, which is part of electronics maker Foxconn, to increase its stake in Austrian IT group S&T (notified March 31/deadline May 12)
-- French media group Vivendi to acquire de facto sole control of Italy's Telecom Italia (notified March 31/deadline May 12)
-- German carmakers BMW, Daimler and Porsche AG and U.S. peer Ford Motor Co to acquire control of a joint venture (notified March 31/deadline May 12/simplified)
-- U.S. chemicals group Riechhold and Black Diamond Capital to acquire Italian polymers maker Polynt which is owned by Italian private equity group Investindustrial (notified March 17/deadline May 12/commitments offered March 17)
May 15
-- Canada Pension Plan Investment Board and Canada's Public Sector Pension Investment Board (PSPIB) to jointly acquire a portfolio of office and retail properties in New Zealand which is now solely controlled by PSPIB (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
-- Private equity firm Bain Capital to acquire UK company MKM Building Supplies Ltd (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
-- Private equity firm KKR and Spanish telecoms provider Telefonica tp acquire joint control of Spanish telecoms infrastructure provider Telxius (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
-- German conglomerate Peter Cremer Holding to acquire 50 percent of Koenig Transportgesellschaft from German logistics company HaGe Logistik GmbH (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
MAY 16
-- Volkswagen Financial Services to acquire 50.98 percent of German tank and service cards provide Logpay Transport Services from Logpay Financial Services (notified April 4/deadline May 16/simplified)
-- Finnish pension fund ELO Mutual Pension Insurance Company and Swedish peer Forsta AP-fonden to jointly acquire several Finnish property portfolio (notified April 4/deadline May 16/simplified)
GUIDE TO EU MERGER PROCESS
DEADLINES:
The European Commission has 25 working days after a deal is filed for a first-stage review. It may extend that by 10 working days to 35 working days, to consider either a company's proposed remedies or an EU member state's request to handle the case.
Most mergers win approval but occasionally the Commission opens a detailed second-stage investigation for up to 90 additional working days, which it may extend to 105 working days.
SIMPLIFIED:
Under the simplified procedure, the Commission announces the clearance of uncontroversial first-stage mergers without giving any reason for its decision. Cases may be reclassified as non-simplified - that is, ordinary first-stage reviews - until they are approved. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee)
Latest Version Includes Contour Line and Grid Editing Features, User Interface Improvements, Image Georeferecing, Streamlined Workflows, and Access to Online Data.
Media Contact
Blakelee Mills
pr@goldensoftware.com Blakelee Mills
End
-- Golden Software, the leading developer of affordable scientific graphics software, today announces the release of Surfer (http://www.goldensoftware.com/products/surfer)version 14, a powerful 2D and 3D mapping, modeling and analysis program designed to facilitate a deeper understanding of geospatial data.Used by thousands of scientists, engineers, and educators across the globe, Surfer is a leading competitor in data modeling software. Surfer offers thirteen different gridding methods, including Kriging with variograms, to convert regularly or irregularly spaced XYZ data into uniform grids. Display a grid or digital elevation model (DEM) as one of ten fully customizable 2D and 3D grid-based map types: contour, watershed, viewshed, shaded relief, color relief, 1-grid and 2-grid vector, grid value, 3D wireframe, and 3D surface maps. Enhance the display by adding post maps and base maps. Maps generated with Surfer are renowned for their accuracy, clarity, and vibrancy. The latest version of Surfer contains over 60 user-requested new features and 150 enhancements.The most apparent change is Surfer's redesigned user interface. The new interface helps the user quickly locate commands needed to complete a task. The ribbon and quick access toolbar can be customized to reflect the needs of each user. Additionally, Surfer's Map Wizard steps a user through the map creation process, from raw data to the visualized map or model, in as few as three steps.Surfer's most popular set of new features are the grid editing options. Users can modify grids and immediately view the changes in their grid-based maps, such as contour maps and 3D surface maps. Contour lines can be edited with the enhanced grid editor which includes the ability to paint Z values across a grid, sculpt the grid's Z values, smooth the grid in specific regions, push down or pull up Z values in specific regions, assign NoData/Null values to grid nodes, and quickly acquire node values. Users can also create a grid from an existing contour map, project a grid into a different coordinate system, and save grids in STL format for 3D printing.Additional features include georeference images; download online images, grids, and vectors from OSM, WMS, WCS, or WFS servers; create multiple profiles for multiple surfaces in one-click; create range rings; convert points to polyline and polyline to points; calculate a volume within a polygon; and control more options of the final display including top level legends, adjustments to image brightness, contrast, saturation, and hue, and create page headers and footers."Novices and experts alike can use Surfer to transform their data into informative maps and models. The wide variety of import and export formats allow users to seamlessly integrate Surfer into their daily workflows," said Golden Software CEO Blakelee Mills. "The latest release of Surfer set the bar high and makes Surfer a valuable alternative to other GIS, mapping, and modeling solutions."Version 14 also brings more flexible licensing options to better serve companies of all sizes, from individual consultants to worldwide enterprises. Licensing options include single-user, concurrent-use, and enterprise-use licensing as well as university and educational license options.Surfer v14 operates in a Microsoft® Windows environment with Windows Vista, 7, 8 (excluding RT), or 10. Surfer pricing information is available online ( http://www.goldensoftware.com/ products/surfer/ pricing ). Discounted upgrade pricing from previous versions of Surfer is available. Surfer includes free updates and free technical support. Full online documentation is included. To download a free Surfer trial ( http://www.goldensoftware.com/ products/surfer/ trial ) or place an order (http://shop.goldensoftware.com/), visit www.GoldenSoftware.com.Founded in 1983, Golden Software is a leading developer of affordable scientific graphics software. Its customer base includes over 100,000 users involved in oil and gas exploration, mining, geosciences, engineering, business, education, and government in 186 countries and territories. Golden Software offers seven products: Surfer® for gridding, contouring and 3D surface mapping; Voxler® for 3D data visualization;Grapher™ for 2D and 3D graphing; Strater® for well log, borehole and cross-section plotting; MapViewer™ for thematic mapping and spatial analysis; Didger® for digitizing and coordinate conversion; and Raster Tools, an Esri® ArcMap add-in for interpolating raster datasets. For additional information, visit www.GoldenSoftware.com or call 303-279-1021.
PALLEKELE, Sri Lanka (AP) " India reinforced its position as the top-ranked team in test cricket by completing a rare 3-0 series whitewash in Sri Lanka with an innings victory inside three days in the third test on Monday.
Spinner Ravichandran Ashwin took four wickets and seamer Mohammed Shami three as India bowled Sri Lanka out for 181 in its second innings, sealing victory by an innings and 171 runs.
India was dominant throughout the series, winning the first two matches by 304 runs and an innings and 53 runs.
Sri Lanka had been whitewashed in a home series only once before, against Australia in 2004 " Ricky Ponting's first series as Australia captain.
Advertisement
Monday's result was Sri Lanka's fifth heaviest defeat ever in a test.
"We've played really good cricket to win 3-0," India captain Virat Kohli said. "We put constant pressure on the opposition to make sure we win more sessions during a test match and that has led us to win the series with a clean sweep. It makes us really proud as a team."
India made 487 batting first in the final test at Pallekele International Cricket Stadium and Sri Lanka collapsed in both innings to be out for 135 and then 181 after following on.
"It was a very disappointing performance," Sri Lanka skipper Dinesh Chandimal said. "We could not get enough runs throughout the series. We take the blame for it, but I must say that we tried hard."
India's big first-innings total at Pallekele was built on centuries by opener Shikhar Dhawan (119) and Hardik Pandya (108).
Resuming on 19-1 in its second innings, Sri Lanka lost three wickets quickly on Day 3 and was 39-4 before captain Chandimal (36) and Angelo Mathews (35) put up some temporary resistance.
They took Sri Lanka to lunch on 82-4 but their 65-run partnership " easily the best of the innings " was ended with Chandimal's dismissal by Kuldeep Yadav via a catch at short leg from Cheteshwar Pujara.
From there, India took Sri Lanka's last six wickets for 73 runs, with Niroshan Dickwella top-scoring for Sri Lanka with 41.
India's bowlers were on top throughout the test with no Sri Lankan batsman reaching 50 in either innings.
After Chandimal went, off-spinner Ashwin struck twice by removing the experienced Mathews and Dilruwan Perera.
Mathews was given out leg before wicket and the ex-Sri Lankan captain unsuccessfully reviewed the decision. A Perera slog-sweep went straight into the hands of Pandya fielding at deep mid-wicket.
Tea was delayed as India opted for the extra half-hour with Sri Lanka down to nine wickets as the end of the session approached.
Ashwin wrapped it up, bowling last man Lahiru Kumara to finish with 4-68.
One of the big moves the Arizona Cardinals had to make in the offseason was releasing safety Tyrann Mathieu. It was a tough decision for the Cardinals, but they felt they couldn't afford to keep him with a $14.1 million salary cap hit.
They made him two offers to stay, but ultimately he chose not to take a pay cut and he was released. He signed with the Houston Texans on a one-year deal worth up to $7 million, which turned out to be $1 million less than what the Cardinals offered him to stay.
Leaving wasn't easy for him, even with the pay cut.
I did consider staying, and it was definitely hard to leave Phoenix.
“I did consider staying, and it was definitely hard to leave Phoenix,” he said at his introductory press conference with the Texans. He has roots with his teammates and in the community.
And, apparently, money wasn't the most important thing for Mathieu. Not only did he take less than he would have gotten from the Cardinals, he also turned down better offers from other teams.
“I tried to make the best decision for me and my family,” Mathieu said. “I felt like I had other options on the table, obviously more money, but I think ultimately the Texans were the best decision for me.”
The opportunity to be closer to his family in New Orleans and play on a very talented defense, as well play in a community where there is a great opportunity to do a lot off the field trumped more money.
He has been criticized for his decision to not take a pay cut and then ultimately take less money than he would have gotten in Arizona, but if he left money on the table elsewhere, maybe he isn't only thinking with his wallet.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
Two NYPD detectives are “testilying” in their accounts of a police chase that left a 21-year-old Brooklyn woman brain damaged, according to a new court filing.
Gumshoes William Sciara and Dino Anselmo provided the alleged false testimony, claiming they couldn't remember key details of the 2014 chase, in depositions taken in Natalie Ferber's lawsuit against them and the city, legal papers say.
The detectives were being aided by city attorney Yael Barbibay who is encouraging them to commit perjury, legal papers claim.
Ferber's lawyer filed a motion earlier this month to have the detectives' depositions striken “on the grounds that they have willfully frustrated discovery and made a mockery of court orders regarding discovery.”
Ferber was a passenger in a car driven by her mother, Nancy Lawrence, which was struck by a dollar van being chased by Sciara and Anselmo. The pair had pulled over the van's driver because they were looking for a white van used in some area robberies, court papers say.
The detectives were ordered three times to call off the Brooklyn chase, but claim they never heard the radio call to do so, court papers claim.
Ferber's mother is an NYPD sergeant, who was off duty at the time of the accident. Her father is a retired NYPD lieutenant.
A spokesman for the city Law Department said the “claims against the city's attorney are unfounded and we will vigorously defend all claims against the city in this lawsuit.”
One of the key objectives of IT outsourcing has always been cost-effectiveness. In fact, a pricing model plays a pivotal role in forming a successful outsourcing relationship by aligning to the interests and expectations of both the outsourcer and the service provider.
Why? Because the salary impacts the profit directly.
Сontinue reading
FOUND: Doug Bunting holds a World War II badge that was lost more than 70 years ago.
FOUND: Doug Bunting holds a World War II badge that was lost more than 70 years ago. Alix Sweeney
WHEN Doug Bunting received a phone message in January this year, the last thing he expected was to be reunited with a long-lost heirloom.
Doug and his wife Mavis have been married for 50 years and live in Kirwan. Doug was an electrician by trade and spent most of his life in Townsville.
His family has a long history in North Queensland, a new piece of which he discovered when a woman named Sandy Gibson, from Bundaberg, reached out to him earlier this year.
"Sandy asked me if I was any relation of Margaret Edith Bunting,” Doug said.
"I said: 'Yes, she was my grandmother, but she passed away in 1982'. She was beside herself with joy and said she had something that she would like to return to my family.”
Sandy's son Anthony, who lives in Charters Towers, had been fossicking on Towers Hill when he came across an old badge lying loose on the ground. It was dirty but undamaged.
He contacted his mother, a keen historian and researcher.
"The front of the badge was engraved 'To the women of Australia'. And on the rear was a serial number, 67033,” Doug said.
Sandy contacted Australian Army Archives and they produced a handwritten spreadsheet showing that the badge was presented to Mrs M E Bunting, whose son Leslie Jack Bunting, Doug's uncle, enlisted in the Australian Army on May 30, 1940.
"Sandy now had a name and assumed that by now Margaret Bunting would be deceased, but had no real idea as to where she may be buried,” Doug said.
"Les had enlisted in Feluga and the medal was found at Charters Towers, so she set about by first checking the Charters Towers Cemetery records, which is where she made the final connection.”
Eventually Sandy tracked down Doug, and Anthony has since sent him the medal.
"Les married late in life in 1972 and lived the rest of his days working in the Tully region,” Doug said.
"Having survived the war, he slipped and fell down a stoned-pitched stormwater drain in his front yard and suffered severe head injuries.”
Les's first family home was in Oxford St, just behind the Charters Towers Showgrounds, several miles from Towers Hill.
"How the badge lay undetected for all those years is anyone's guess,” Doug said.
Occasional announcements sent by Streaming Media, or on behalf of our advertising partners, on what we feel are important offers, developments, publications, and events in the streaming/online video industry.
Read all about it - You can't afford to be without this twice-weekly newsletter - sign up today to get your breaking streaming and digital media news!
Verizon and AwesomenessTV Kill Premium Service Before it Launches
Does Verizon have a game plan? The chaos coming out of its video division suggests a mad scramble for Gen Z viewers, but no real results.
Page 1
In another sign the Generation Z over-the-top market has already reached its saturation point, Verizon and AwesomenessTV ended the premium video service they were co-creating before it launched.
The unnamed service was announced in April 2016, when Verizon paid $159 million for 24.5 percent of AwesomenessTV. DreamWorks Animation (now owned by Comcast) is the majority owner with 51 percent, while Hearst also owns 24.5 percent.
The service was to create premium video that would first be available exclusively on Verizon U.S. platforms, with AwesomenessTV getting the rights to worldwide distribution after that. The service was led by Samie Kim Falvey, who had been head of comedy for ABC Entertainment. Falvey is no longer with the AwesomenessTV.
Rather than creating a new service, Verizon and AwesomenessTV say they will "double down on the Awesomess episodic series output" for Verizon's Go90 service.
Speaking at this week's Code Media conference, AwesomenessTV CEO Brian Robbins
addressed Go90's future. “I think it's really slow, slow going,” Variety quoted him as saying. “I think the audience is small right now but growing right now over the last six months. They pivoted the product a lot.”
Go90 is facing its own challenges these days. In January, Verizon laid off 155 Go90 employees. It then tasked the Vessel team with rebuilding Go90. Verizon acquired Vessel in October 2016 and closed the service the same month.
Page 1
Professor Venerable Dr Bellanwila Wimalaratana Nayake Thero, Chancellor of the Sri Jayawardanepura University passed awaya short while ago (3), at a Private Hospital in Colombo, following an accident while he was preparing to feed a tusker within the premises of the Bellanwila Rajamaha Viharaya.
Bellanwila Wimalarathana Thera was reportedly injured and hospitalized following the accident last morning (2).
The Buddhist monk sustained injuries to his ribs following the injury.
The Chief Incumbent of the Bellanwila Rajamaha Viharaya was admitted to the Kalubowila Teaching Hospital and was later transferred to a Private Hospital in Colombo for further treatments.
According to reports, the Thera had taken a fall and was injured while attempting to feed the tusker ‘Miyan Kumara' at the temple premises this morning, a ritual which he is said carry out almost every morning.
(Ada Derana)
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
Welcome to 1 NEWS NOW's live coverage of tonight's T20 match between Australia and the Black Caps at the SCG in Sydney.
Kane Williamson bats against Pakistan Source: Photosport
10.32pm: 16 overs, NZ 90/6 - Taylor 23, de Grandhomme 20
10.25pm: 15 overs, NZ 84/5 - Taylor 23, de Grandhomme 20
RAINING SIXES! Zampa bowls to de Grandhomme and he smashes over the off side. He shows off his power hitting another six two balls later and this time it's even bigger than the first maximum. De Grandhomme sweeps it over deep midwicket and into the pavilion - what a great shot!
10.22pm: 13.2 overs, NZ 67/5 - Taylor 21, de Grandhomme 5
FOUR! Stanlake bowls to Colin de Grandhomme and the NZ batsman pulls it over midwicket, just short of being a maximum. New Zealand need boundaries and quick if they are to put up a formidable total.
10.15pm: 12.1 overs, NZ 60/5 - Taylor 20, Blundell 14
WICKET! Zampa bowls to Blunder and the NZ batsman tries to go for a maximum but he's caught by Richardson on the boundary at long off. Colin de Grandhomme enters the match for NZ.
10.10pm: 10.3 overs, NZ 51/4 - Taylor 16, Blundell 10
NOT OUT! Zampa bowls to Ross Taylor and the Aussies appeal for an LBW. David Warner calls for a review. The third umpire rules no inside edge and the ball isn't hitting outside off stump.
9.55pm: 7.2 overs, NZ 34/4 - Williamson 8, Taylor 11
OUT! Tye bowls to Kane Williamson - it's a short of a length at off stump delivery. Williamson looked to work it into the leg side but he hits it straight up in the air and David Warner turns and makes a comfortable catch over his shoulder.
9.44pm: 4.4 overs, NZ 22/3 - Williamson 3, Taylor 4
FOUR! Richardson bowls to Taylor there's a touch of width outside off and Taylor plays a slashing cut, takes a top edge and goes through the gap. New Zealand came close to losing another wicket. Taylor and Williamson really need to get going now as Australia builds in confidence.
9.38pm: 3.2 overs, NZ 16/3 - Williamson 1, Bruce 3
WICKET! Stanlake bowls to Bruce and he has three wickets! Stanlake bowls it short over middle and off and the Kiwi batsman can't control his hook shot. It takes a top edge and is caught easily on the long-leg boundary. New Zealand in real trouble now - Ross Taylor joins his skipper in the middle.
9.27pm: 1.2 overs, NZ 11/2 - Guptill 5, Williamson*
Another one! Stanlake bowls to Guptill and he is out. A great delivery and he's on a hat-trick! A good length at off stump ball, nips off the seam, and the ball takes the top of off stump.
9.25pm: 1.1 overs, NZ 11/1 - Munro 3, Guptill 5
WICKET! Oh no Colin Munro hits the ball skywards. Munro takes a big top edge as he attempts to pull and Carey makes and easy catch.
9.22pm: 1 over, NZ 11/0 - Munro 3, Guptill 5
A good solid start from the Kiwi openers.
9.20pm: NZ 0/0 - Munro*, Guptill*
9.11pm: Australia have won the toss and have elected to bowl first.
PRE-MATCH:
The Black Caps haven't played at the Sydney Cricket Ground against Australia in a T20 match since 2009.
Colin Munro is set to return to the starting side after injuring his hamstring which forced him out in New Zealand's last T20 match against Pakistan last month.
Australia will be without Pat Cummins, Mitch Starc and Josh Hazlewood who were not named in the squad and will look to their Big Bash League bowlers to fill their shoes.
Black Caps' coach Mike Hesson believes tonight's match will be a tough one even though his side sits higher than Australia in the world rankings.
"It's a great opportunity for us to challenge ourselves obviously against a good side," said Hesson.
New Zealand sit second on the world T20 rankings with Australia ranked seventh.
"A side that's confident, perhaps a little inexperienced in terms of international cricket but certainly experienced in these conditions.
"It's a good opportunity to see where we are at as a T20 group."
TEAMS:
Australia: David Warner (c), Aaron Finch (vc), Ashton Agar, Alex Carey, Ben Dwarshuis, Travis Head, Chris Lynn, Glenn Maxwell, Kane Richardson, D'Arcy Short, Billy Stanlake, Marcus Stoinis, Andrew Tye, Adam Zampa.
New Zealand: Kane Williamson (c), Tom Blundell, Trent Boult, Tom Bruce, Colin de Grandhomme, Martin Guptill, Anaru Kitchen, Colin Munro, Seth Rance, Mitchell Santner, Ish Sodhi, Tim Southee, Ross Taylor, Ben Wheeler.
Stanlake to Guptill, OUT , what a ball! He's on a hat-trick! Good length at off stump, nips off the seam, beats the outside edge and takes the top of off stump. That's a beauty
Stanlake to Guptill, OUT , what a ball! He's on a hat-trick! Good length at off stump, nips off the seam, beats the outside edge and takes the top of off stump. That's a beauty
Stanlake to Guptill, OUT , what a ball! He's on a hat-trick! Good length at off stump, nips off the seam, beats the outside edge and takes the top of off stump. That's a beauty
Stanlake to Guptill, OUT , what a ball! He's on a hat-trick! Good length at off stump, nips off the seam, beats the outside edge and takes the top of off stump. That's a beauty
Stanlake to Guptill, OUT , what a ball! He's on a hat-trick! Good length at off stump, nips off the seam, beats the outside edge and takes the top of off stump. That's a beauty
Stanlake to Guptill, OUT , what a ball! He's on a hat-trick! Good length at off stump, nips off the seam, beats the outside edge and takes the top of off stump. That's a beauty
The British theatre director appointed as creative director for Galway's European Capital of Culture in 2020 has resigned less than a year into his contract.
Chris Baldwin, who was appointed to the post last July, leaves the organisation “by mutual agreement”, the Galway 2020 board said in a statement on Wednesday.
The board said it has made a “number of key personnel changes” with three new appointments as its programme moves from “planning to implementation phase”.
Confirmation of Mr Baldwin's resignation by the board ended several weeks of speculation about the role.
The €110,000 creative director post had been advertised in December 2016 and offered to Mr Baldwin early last summer.
He was previously curator of interdisciplinary performance for Wroclaw, Poland, a 2016 European Capital of Culture.
The director, writer and curator wrote and directed two pieces of work for the 2012 London Olympics, also worked in Bulgaria and east Germany, taught at a number of European universities, and is best known for his interest in large scale site-specific performances.
Mr Baldwin has not responded to requests from The Irish Times for comment.
On Tuesday evening, former mayor of Galway Fine Gael councillor Padraig Conneely said there was a “confidence crisis” over the future of the Galway 2020 European Capital of Culture project, and called on city manager Brendan McGrath to confirm “if creative director Chris Baldwin was resigning, or had already done so”.
Mr McGrath told a Galway City Council strategic policy committee meeting chaired by Cllr Conneely that he had “complete confidence” in Galway 2020, of which he was a board member.
Galway 2020 had confirmed earlier this month that Mr Baldwin had been on sick leave for some weeks and was due to return to work on May 18th.
The board said in its statement on Wednesday that it would like to “thank him for his contribution to date and wish him well in to the future”.
Cultural producers
It said: “Planning for the next phase of Galway 2020 has begun with the appointment of three new cultural producers in the areas of: the visual arts, the flagship programme ‘Small Towns Big Ideas' and audience development.”
The board said Liz Kelly had been appointed as a “hands-on producer with Small Towns Big Ideas, working with communities throughout Galway county and city”.
It announced Kate Howard as Galway 2020's new visual arts curator to oversee and curate the visual arts programme, while Craig Flaherty, formerly of Druid Theatre, has been appointed as its audience development and programme producer.
“Following these changes the board of Galway 2020 has reviewed the composition of the cultural leadership required to deliver an exciting and innovative world class programme and will make an announcement on this in the coming weeks,” it said.
The statement said that the full programme for Galway 2020 would be published later this year, and said there was “an exciting line up of national and international events planned in the lead up to and throughout 2020”.
“Elements of the programme have already begun,” it said, with the Small Town Big Ideas project receiving over 150 funding applications.
At the strategic policy committee meeting on Tuesday, Cllr Conneely had also raised concerns about the post of Galway 2020 business engagement director, which had been offered to a candidate and then withdrawn a week later.
Cllr Conneely noted that Galway City Council had already invested €3.2 million of a promised €6m in the 2020 project, while Galway County Council had only given €500,000 of its matching €6m pledge.
The project has an overall budget of €45.7m, of which €15m is due to come from the Government. It is proposed that regional, EU and philanthropic sources would make up the balance.
Mayor of Galway Pearce Flannery (FG), who is on the board of Galway 2020, said recently that he was “concerned about progress” in relation to the budget and the position of Galway County Council in paying its share.
Global Thermoplastic Edgeband Market 2017, presents a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Thermoplastic Edgeband Market Globally, providing basic overview of Thermoplastic Edgeband Market Including Definitions, Classifications, Applications and Industry Chain Structure, Thermoplastic Edgeband Market report provides development policies and plans are discussed as well as Manufacturing processes and cost structures. Thermoplastic Edgeband Market size, share and end users are analyzed as well as segment Markets by types, applications and companies.
Download Sample Report @ http://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/30581/request-sample
Thermoplastic Edgeband Market research report studies Thermoplastic Edgeband in Global Market, Thermoplastic Edgeband Market report gives detail analysis of regions especially in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Germany, France, UK, Italy, Russia, China, Japan, India, Korea, Southeast Asia, Australia, Brazil, Middle East and Africa. Global Thermoplastic Edgeband Market report focuses on top Manufacturers in global Market, with their Business perspective which consist of Thermoplastic Edgeband capacity, production, price, revenue and Thermoplastic Edgeband Market share for each Manufacturer.
Thermoplastic Edgeband Market Research Report 2017 Covers the following Manufacturers.
Roma Plastik
Teknaform
REHAU Group
EGGER
Huali
Wilsonart
Doellken
MKT
Proadec
Furniplast
Global Thermoplastic Edgeband Market segment by Countries, Thermoplastic Edgeband Market report splits Global into several key Countries, with Thermoplastic Edgeband Sales, Thermoplastic Edgeband production, Thermoplastic Edgeband consumption, Thermoplastic Edgeband revenue, Thermoplastic Edgeband Market share and growth rate of Thermoplastic Edgeband in these regions, from 2012 to 2027. Thermoplastic Edgeband Market report split by Product type and Application, with Thermoplastic Edgeband sales, production, revenue, price, Market share and growth rate of each type, according to Application Thermoplastic Edgeband Market report Focuses on Consumption, Market share and growth rate of Thermoplastic Edgeband in each Application.
Thermoplastic Edgeband Market Research Report Split by Type
ABS Edgebands
PVC Edgebands
PP Edgebands
PMMA Edgebands
Others
Access Full Report @ http://www.fiormarkets.com/report/2017-2022-global-top-countries-thermoplastic-edgeband-market-report-30581.html
Thermoplastic Edgeband Market Research Report Split by Application
Home
Office
Other Public Places
Table of Contents
2017-2022 Global Top Countries Thermoplastic Edgeband Market Report
1 Thermoplastic Edgeband Market Overview
2 Global Thermoplastic Edgeband Sales, Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Manufacturers
3 Global Thermoplastic Edgeband Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
4 Global Thermoplastic Edgeband Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis
5 North America Thermoplastic Edgeband Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
6 Latin America Thermoplastic Edgeband Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
7 Europe Thermoplastic Edgeband Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
8 Asia-Pacific Thermoplastic Edgeband Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
9 Middle East and Africa Thermoplastic Edgeband Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
10 Thermoplastic Edgeband Manufacturing Cost Analysis
11 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers
12 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders
13 Market Effect Factors Analysis
14 Global Thermoplastic Edgeband Market Forecast (2017-2022)
15 Research Findings and Conclusion
16 Appendices
16.1 Methodology
16.2 Analyst Introduction
16.3 Data Source
Contact Us
Mark Stone
Sales Manager
Phone: (201) 465-4211
Email: sales@fiormarkets.com
Web: www.fiormarkets.com
As colder temperatures make their way into the region along with the new year, listen for these tips on how to protect your garden from those harsh winter freezes.
Aired December 31, 2016
StatBridge, LLC, the U.S.-based developer of the Oxygen data collection system, is proud to announce its newest partnership with the National Kidney Foundation of Arizona, headquartered in Phoenix, AZ.
Statbridge
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tag:
* Wellness Industry:
* Health Location:
* Minneapolis - Minnesota - US Subject:
* Partnerships
Contact
StatBridge, LLC
***@stat-technologies.com StatBridge, LLC
End
-- The National Kidney Foundation of Arizona (NKF AZ) conducts periodic health and wellness screenings focused at overall and renal health throughout the country, and was searching for an electronic record capture tool, that would allow for complete electronic data capture and retrieval of the screening tests, but also to allow for the sharing of health data with screened participants at the screening site. The Oxygen system developed by StatBridge, LLC was adapted for the specific requirements of NKF AZ and permits the on-site collection of all screening records, the sharing of data with the individual screening participants by medical professionals, and for the creation of an aggregate report that can be used for post event analysis."Screening for chronic disease in at-risk populations is enhanced by point-of-care testing because participants can receive immediate lab results and onsite advice from our volunteer physicians,"says NKF AZ Director of Patient Services, James Ivie. "The electronic data collection system developed by StatBridge eliminates the need for transcription of data from paper to electronic formats, reduces errors, and accelerates aggregate outcome analysis.""We are honored to be selected by the National Kidney Foundation of Arizona to provide them with StatBridge's Oxygen system, the state of the art, point of care wellness data capture technology. We are looking forward to a long association furthering the Foundation's work in renal health in the country." Stated Dr. Peter Brew, CTO of StatBridge, LLC."Oxygen" is a Hardware and Software platform that utilizes tablet computers (iPads or other tablets) and a mini-server (the size of two iPhones) connected via a wireless interface. A wirelessly connected printer is also available.StatBridge, LLC ( https://www.statbridge.com/ ) was born to bridge the gap between high tech point-of-care testing and low tech paper and pencil data collection systems which have been the industry standard. The StatBridge Oxygen system is the only device capable of direct wireless connection to the Alere LDX and Cardiochek PA Cholesterol testing platforms.Today, with the successful launch of OXYGEN, Health and Wellness screening companies have access to a state-of-the-art technology platform which provides intuitive operation, seamless client registration, elimination of transcription errors, and secure data collection and storage.OXYGEN also provides immediate coaching moments (complete with "wow factor" graphics, and customizable real-time reports). Learn more at statbridge.comThe National Kidney Foundation of Arizona, a 501c3 organization, is the major voluntary health agency in Arizona seeking solutions for kidney and urinary tract diseases through education, prevention and treatment.Committed to improve the quality of life for Arizonans with kidney failure, the Foundation's many programs bring help and hope to thousands of dialysis patients and transplant recipients. NKF AZ kidney health initiatives provide community education about kidney health and the prevention of chronic kidney disease, and advocates for organ donation. In 2013, the Foundation commemorated its 50th anniversary of providing dynamic programs, direct patient support, kidney health initiatives and organ donation awareness. For more information, call (602) 840-1644 or visit www.azkidney.org
NEW YORK (AP) — James Comey's "A Higher Loyalty" had a very big opening week.
Flatiron Books announced Tuesday that sales topped 600,000 copies, a number that includes print, audio and e-books. The former FBI director's memoir has been one of the year's most anticipated releases. It includes his accounts of investigating Hillary Clinton's emails and of his awkward encounters with President Donald Trump.
Comey, fired by Trump a year ago, has likened the president to a crime boss who values personal loyalty over service to the country. Published April 17, "A Higher Loyalty" is the hottest political book since Michael Wolff's million-selling "Fire and Fury," which came out in January.
Both books were published by imprints of Macmillan.
File photo: Gorm Kallestad / NTB scanpix
Reindeer crossing the border between Norway and Sweden have caused conflict between agricultural ministries in the two Scandinavian countries.
Norwegian agricultural minister Jon Georg Dale, an MP with the nationalist Progress Party, said the Swedes “have themselves to thank” for the disagreement.
Dale has broken off an attempt to secure an agreement with Swedish authorities over reindeer moving across the border and will now begin work on legislation to limit the number of animals that migrate over the frontier, reports NRK.
“The challenge is that the number of Swedish reindeer on Norwegian pastures is increasing, whilst we on the Norwegian side must regulate reindeer movement because we have insufficient pasture ground,” Dale told the broadcaster.
The right of Sami people on both sides of the Norway-Sweden border to find land for their reindeer herds in either country has existed for several hundred years, according to the report.
The most recent bilateral agreement on the issue was signed in 1972 but expired as long ago as 2005.
Norwegian and Swedish authorities administrate the area in question using different types of legislation, leading to significant conflict over the issue, writes NRK.
Authorities in Sweden have declined to sign an extension of the existing agreement and have requested that negotiations continue, but Dale claimed that they were deliberately delaying the process.
“It is Sweden that is responsible for us being in this situation,” he told NRK.
The president of Sweden's Sami Parliament said that Dale “clearly does not have the prerequisites” to understand the situation.
“It concerns me how little ability Norwegian politicians have to understand the rights of Samis on the Norwegian side. [Dale] clearly does not have the prerequisites to understand this,” Per Olof Nutti told NRK.
READ ALSO: Norway cull of 2000 reindeer 'sign of panic': researcher
Politicians on both sides must take responsibility for no agreement being reached on the issue, he added.
Ellinor Marita Jåma, head of the Norwegian National Reindeer Sami Association (Norske Reindriftsamers Landsforbund), reacted differently to Dale's statement.
“There are two countries administrating based on different laws. On the Norwegian side we are concerned with ecological sustainability, so I can understand the demands he is making,” she told NRK.
Jåma added that she was disappointed that no deal had been reached.
“[This is] very poor management of an important matter. When two countries cannot agree it is the reindeer that suffer,” she said.
The association chairperson also said that she hoped the Swedish authorities would make concessions on the matter and that ministers in both countries would listen to the recommendations of Sami groups.
READ ALSO: Gákti and Instagram: how Oslo's young Sámis face tradition and urban life
Nervousness and fear were evident in the voices of the emergency callers, trapped in rising waters in Ellicott City, Maryland, which was devastated this week by major flooding for the second time in two years.
One woman at a tea parlour and gift shop asked the dispatcher, "Are we going to die, ma'am?"
The dispatcher replied: "I'm going to do my best, so that does not happen."
The Howard County (Maryland) Police and Fire departments released a recording of some of the emergency calls they received from those trapped during flooding in the historic town about 50km northeast of Washington.
Advertisement
Officials said dispatchers at the county's rescue departments answered 1122 calls in a seven-hour period.
Sergeant Eddison Alexander Hermond, 39, of Severn, Maryland, who was an Air Force veteran and Maryland Army National Guard member, died after he was swept away trying to rescue a woman who had become stranded in her shop along Main Street.
He had been with friends at a nearby restaurant, La Palapa Grill & Cantina, where the owner was celebrating his birthday. Hermond's body was found on Wednesday.
During the roughly 11 minutes of calls that were released, more than six people called to report rising water. Many sounded scared, and some cried. Even in the time of crisis, callers and dispatchers answered each other with the greeting of "Hon."
Ellicott City has a population of about 65,000. It was founded in 1772 at the site of a grist mill and sits along the banks of the Tiber and Patapsco rivers. In the 1800s, it became the terminus of one part of the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad.
Located in a valley where two creeks converge with a river makes Ellicott City vulnerable to flooding. It has grown over the decades into a popular tourist spot with restaurants, historic venues and trinket shops.
One caller told the dispatcher she could see a woman on Main Street "standing on top of her counter screaming," as the water rose. Nearby, she said two kids were stuck on the second floor of a bank building because of water on the first floor.
"This is iller than the last one," the caller tells the dispatcher, referring to the summer of 2016, when Ellicott City suffered devastating flooding and two people died. That flood caused more than US$20 million in damage, officials said.
DEVELOPING: Flash flooding, water rescues reported in Maryland as heavy rain soaks much of the state. https://t.co/CfWjWkGHWA
Video shows water rushing down Main Street in Ellicott City, just outside Baltimore. It's the same street devastated by flash flooding in July 2016. pic.twitter.com/b3DMOcVswi — ABC News (@ABC) May 27, 2018
For many in the town, Monday was a repeat of that earlier disaster.
The desperation was clear as one woman called from Tea on the Tiber, a tea parlour and gift shop in downtown Ellicott City. She said she and others were on the third floor as the first floor was submerged.
The dispatcher told her to stay put and assured her, "I'm trying to get somebody to you as fast as I can."
Another caller reported two people were trying to cross Main Street near the Tiber River, and the water is "almost above their head." Then the caller said he could hear and see rescue vehicles coming.
One woman called dispatchers crying. She said she was trapped along with eight others on the second floor of her home and had helped to get shopkeepers on the first floor upstairs and inside her home safely.
"We have a baby," the caller said.
A wedding planner called to report the 250 guests at her event in the Main Street Ballroom had to seek refuge upstairs in the La Palapa restaurant where Hermond had been with friends.
"It has flooded the whole thing," the wedding planner told the dispatcher. "Many people's cars have been washed away."
The dispatcher told her to get "everybody to higher ground."
Briefly, the wedding planner put the dispatcher on hold and then realised help had arrived outside the door. She turned back to the phone and said, "They're here."
Audio Link
Ellicott City 2018 Flood emergency recordings from the Howard County, Maryland, government. Howard County Police and Howard County Department of Fire and Rescue Services said dispatchers answered 1122 calls.
Senator Jeff Merkley questions Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt during his confirmation hearing to the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee on his nomination to be administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency in Washington, U.S., January 18, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
FILE PHOTO - U.S. Supreme Court nominee judge Neil Gorsuch is sworn in to testify at his Senate Judiciary Committee confirmation hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S. on March 20, 2017. REUTERS/James Lawler Duggan/File Photo
WASHINGTON A Democratic senator delivered a 15-1/2-hour, all-night speech denouncing President Donald Trump's U.S. Supreme Court nominee on Wednesday, joining an effort to block Senate confirmation of Neil Gorsuch in a heated political showdown with Republicans.
Senator Jeff Merkley of Oregon began his speech on the Senate floor on Tuesday evening and wrapped up mid-morning on Wednesday. The Senate was expected to vote on Thursday at 11 a.m. (1500 GMT) to try to end a Democratic procedural effort called a filibuster aimed at blocking Gorsuch's confirmation to a lifetime post on the court.
Republicans were expected to fall short of being able to halt the filibuster, but said they had the votes needed to then immediately change the Senate rules to prohibit filibusters against Supreme Court nominees. Republicans said Gorsuch would be confirmed on Friday one way or the other.
Senate confirmation of Gorsuch, 49, would reinstate the court's conservative majority, allow Trump to leave an indelible mark on America's highest judicial body and fulfill a top campaign promise by the Republican president.
Toward the end of his marathon speech, Merkley looked weary, his suit jacket unbuttoned and his yellow tie billowing out. He stood beside an easel holding graphics that an aide would periodically adjust.
"For the first time in U.S. history, a seat has been stolen from one president and delivered to another in a court-packing scheme. If that were to succeed, it would set a precedent that will haunt the court for decades to come," Merkley said.
He noted that the Republicans who control the Senate refused last year to consider former Democratic President Barack Obama's nomination of appellate judge Merrick Garland to replace Justice Antonin Scalia, who died in February 2016, the same seat Gorsuch now has been named to fill.
Later on the Senate floor, Republican Senator Cory Gardner countered that such an argument amounted to advocating that "two wrongs must make a right."
Merkley criticized Gorsuch's legal opinions and said Gorsuch would become a conservative legal activist on the court.
At one point, Merkley read a 1998 speech by one of the past giants of the Senate, Democrat Robert Byrd, decrying partisanship in Congress.
"I believe that the American people are more than tired of partisan warfare. I believe they wish for less of it from Congress, especially in the Senate, where more statesmanship and a longer view are expected," Merkley said, quoting Byrd.
The Senate has a lengthy history of long speeches, including notable ones in recent years by Senators Ted Cruz, Chris Murphy and Rand Paul.
The Senate Historical Office listed Merkley's speech at 15 hours and 26 minutes, the eighth longest in Senate history. The longest came in 1957 when segregationist Senator Strom Thurmond spoke for 24 hours and 18 minutes against legislation, later enacted, protecting black voting rights.
'INTELLECTUAL HEAVYWEIGHT'
On the second day of formal Senate debate on Gorsuch's nomination, various Republicans called the conservative Colorado-based federal appeals court judge "incredibly qualified," an "intellectual heavyweight" and "always true to the law."
"Democrats are bowing to hard-left special interests that can't get over the results of the election and thus are demanding complete Democratic opposition to everything this president touches," Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said.
Democrats accuse Gorsuch of being so conservative as to be outside the judicial mainstream, favoring corporate interests over ordinary Americans in legal opinions, and displaying insufficient independence from Trump.
Republicans control the Senate 52-48. The rule change, which requires a simple majority, has been dubbed the "nuclear option," and Trump has urged McConnell to "go nuclear."
A filibuster requires a super-majority of 60 votes in the 100-seat Senate in order to proceed to a simple majority vote on a Supreme Court nominee or legislation.
The 60-vote super-majority threshold empowers the minority party to hold up the majority party and has forced the Senate over the decades to try to achieve bipartisanship on legislation and presidential appointments.
Republican Senator John McCain, known as a defender of Senate traditions, offered reluctant support for the rule change, but said it likely would lead to judicial nominees "from the extremes of both left and right."
"What we are about to do at the end of this week will have tremendous consequences, and I fear that some day we will regret what we're about to do. In fact, I'm confident we will," McCain said on the Senate floor.
The White House denied on Wednesday that Gorsuch had engaged in plagiarism after media reports accused him of copying some language and failing to cite relevant sources in his 2006 book about assisted suicide and euthanasia.
"There is only one explanation for this baseless, last-second smear of Judge Gorsuch: those desperate to justify the unprecedented filibuster of a well-qualified and mainstream nominee to the Supreme Court," White House spokesman Steven Cheung said in a statement.
(Editing by Will Dunham and Peter Cooney)
A Dublin man who spent 11 months in jail for his role in a violent attack at a bookmaker has had his conviction quashed after another man allegedly “came forward”.
Declan Tynan (28), of Vincent Street Flats, Dublin 8, had always maintained his innocence in relation to alleged violent disorder at Ladbrokes bookmakers in Killinarden, Tallaght on December 13th, 2012.
The prosecution's case was that Tynan was one of three men who burst into the bookmakers on the day in question and set upon a customer standing in the middle of the shop.
One of the attackers had a short blade and began stabbing the man repeatedly. When the victim's brother tried to intervene, the group of men turned on him. Neither this person nor his brother were willing to co-operate with the investigation and there was never any medical reports obtained, nor a victim impact report produced.
One worker told gardaí that she continued to serve customers while the incident unfolded.
Two of the attackers had pleaded guilty by the time Tynan faced trial at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court.
In what was described by Tynan's barrister, Eoghan Cole BL, as a “one witness case” in which the only evidence against his client was the purported visual identification of him by a garda from the bookie's CCTV, a jury found Tynan guilty and he was sentenced to four years imprisonment with the final year suspended by Judge Patricia Ryan on January 13th, 2017.
Tynan then sought to appeal his conviction focusing on the “perils of visual identification”. However, the three-judge court dismissed his appeal and affirmed his conviction.
A number of months later, Tynan's senior counsel, Michael O'Higgins, told the Court of Appeal that someone else had “come forward” in relation to the attack.
This person had provided a statement claiming he was the third person involved in the attack, Mr O'Higgins said.
Tynan was granted bail pending an investigation. The court heard that the matter was referred to experts in the UK who looked at the question of visual identification.
The case returned to the Court of Appeal on Tuesday where Tynan's conviction was quashed under Section 2 of the Criminal Procedure Act 1993.
The Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP) did not oppose the application, brought by Tynan's lawyers. However, Michael Delaney SC, for the DPP, said the director was not making any concessions on a factual basis.
Mr Justice George Birmingham, who sat with Mr Justice Alan Mahon and Mr Justice John Hedigan, ordered that Tynan's conviction be quashed with liberty to apply later for a declaration that the conviction was a miscarriage of justice.
Air traffic control (ATC) is a service offered by ground-based air traffic controllers who direct aircraft on the ground and through controlled airspace along with provision of advisory services to aircraft in non-controlled airspace. Global air traffic market is projected to grow significantly in coming years owing to factors such as demand for better airspace management, modernization of airports and increased air traffic across the globe. However, high cost of air traffic control equipment might hinder the market growth. Satellite based air traffic control would provide lucrative opportunities for the market in coming years. Asia-pacific is estimated to witness the highest growth rate owing to rapid expansion of airports within the region.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/air-traffic-control-market/request-sample
Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on application, type, sector, system, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the air traffic control market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the air traffic control industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
Market Segmentation
By Application
Communication
• Navigation
• Surveillance
• Automation
By Type
Greenfield
• Brownfield
Request for Customized Report @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/air-traffic-control-market/request-customise-form
By Sector
Defense
• Commercial
By System
Hardware System
• Software Solutions
By Region
North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific (APAC)
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client's interest in the air traffic control market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client's research requirements.
Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request).
Vendor Profile Customization
Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request.
Distinctive Requirements
Research report on air traffic control market covering specific country/region only.
Requests for data tables only (specific requirement to quantitative research).
Access Report Details @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/air-traffic-control-market
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Address:Sr. No.8/2A/1, Vitthal Heights, Above Yashwant, Kharadi, Pune-411014
Tel: +91-20-65606016
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Web: https://www.esticastresearch.com
Glen Ellyn school closed after suspicious notes found on grounds
hello
St. Petronille Catholic School in Glen Ellyn did not open for classes Monday after police said they found suspicious notes on school grounds.
Police said similar notes also were found on the grounds of Glenbard West High School, but that school opened as usual and is continuing with a normal school day.
No other notes were found in the village, police said.
Officials said police and Glenbard West administrators were made aware of stickers containing racist and derogatory statements placed in various locations outside of the school, district spokeswoman Peg Mannion said in an email.
One of the stickers contained a threatening statement directed at Glenbard West, Mannion said.
Glen Ellyn police and school officials immediately began investigating and securing the school grounds.
"Glenbard West is working closely with the Glen Ellyn Police Department," Mannion said. "At this time there is no immediate safety risk to Glenbard West students and/or school staff."
Police said the content and quantity of the notes are part of an ongoing investigation and will not be revealed at this time.
"We are committed to investigating any and all incidents involving any criminal acts, particularly at our schools," police Chief Philip Norton said in a written statement. "Those responsible for this activity will be aggressively pursued and brought to justice."
Anyone with information about the notes is asked to call police or Glenbard West's hotline at (630) 942-­7406 to report anonymously.
UNION GROVE, Wis. (AP) - Three men were shot and killed during an auto racing event on Sunday, a Wisconsin sheriff said.
Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth said authorities responded to the Great Lakes Dragaway in Union Grove around 7 p.m. after receiving reports about shots being fired.
The three men were shot by another man at point-blank range near a food vendor, Beth said at a news conference Sunday night. No suspects were arrested and no one else was injured.
"They have no idea what happened, what caused this," the sheriff said after getting a statement from friends of the victims.
Two of the men died at the scene, and the third died while being transported to a hospital. Beth said at least two of the men were from Aurora, Illinois.
The sheriff's office estimated that more than 5,000 people were at the raceway for an event known as "Larry's Fun Fest." The track's website shows the event included drag racing, tailgating, live entertainment and a car show.
Union Grove is about 25 miles (40.23 kilometers) south of Milwaukee.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what she needed to boost her career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," she says.
But she couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. She owns a house, she says, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, she signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Her MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if she were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," she says.
Even if she passes the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if she wants to finish her graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. She quit her job in the oil industry to earn her master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, she thinks her on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," she says.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," he says. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) yesterday picketed some domestic airlines at the Murtala Muhammed Airport, Lagos, over alleged casualisation of workers and refusal to recognise unions in the sector.
General Secretary, National Union of Air Transport Employees (NUATE), Mr Olayinka Abioye, confirmed the development to newsmen in Lagos.
Abioye said the airlines to be picketed were Med-View Airline, Air Peace, Azman Air and FirstNation Airways.
He said: “October 7 every year has been declared World Day For Decent Work by the International Labour Organisation (ILO) and this campaign is geared towards that.
“It is not only about welfare issues but it is about the refusal of the employers to recognise registered trade unions, in order to allow them to have access to the workers for the purpose of unionising them.
“The other critical aspect is that given the sensitive nature of the aviation industry, is the fact that some of these airlines today have the majority of the people working for them as contract or casual staff.
“That is a very dangerous thing to happen in our industry and we cannot tolerate it.”
Abioye added that a list of the airlines involved had not only been submitted to the NLC but also to the government and the National Assembly.
He said NUATE would be joined in the protest by the Air Transport Services Senior Staff Association of Nigeria (ATSSSAN) and the National Association of Aircraft Pilots and Engineers (NAAPE).
RT @DmvMusicPlug : DMV's @Wale decided to #Shine on all of his haters & took himself out of the rap category, he's an artist! Welcome to "Co…
NOBLESVILLE, Ind. (AP) — The Latest on an Indiana middle school where a shooting took place last week (all times local):
10 a.m.
Students are streaming back into a suburban Indianapolis middle school five days after officials say a male student shot and wounded a 13-year-old classmate and a teacher who's credited with disarming the assailant.
Scores of cars and more than a dozen buses dropped children off Wednesday morning at Noblesville West Middle School, where classes were resuming two hours later than usual.
Advertisement
At least three police vehicles are positioned on the school's campus. Some school buses appeared to have only a few students on board.
Science teacher Jason Seaman has been hailed for tackling the shooter after he seriously wounded 13-year-old Ella Whistler on Friday morning. She remains hospitalized in Indianapolis. School officials say her condition is improving.
___
1 a.m.
A suburban Indianapolis middle school is set to resume classes five days after a male student allegedly shot and wounded a 13-year-old classmate and a teacher who's credited with disarming the assailant.
Noblesville West Middle School is scheduled to reopen Wednesday morning on a two-hour delay.
Noblesville Schools' spokeswoman Marnie Cooke says it will operate on the same shortened schedule as the district's final two days of classes Thursday and Friday. Cooke says the school will focus on counseling and "team building" over the final three days of the school year.
Science teacher Jason Seaman is credited with tackling the male suspect after he shot and seriously wounded 13-year-old Ella Whistler Friday morning. She remains hospitalized in Indianapolis. School officials say her medical condition is improving.
Driving rain and strong winds are predicted to remain all day across parts of the county.
Throughout the weekend Highways contractors have been out on the roads clearing trees blown over blocking roads.
People are also advised to check before they travel as conditions are causing problems on the rail and road.
When The Wanted's Tom Parker originally auditioned for Grease, he wasn't expecting to land the role of Danny.
Speaking to us ahead of the visit to Milton Keynes Theatre from Monday August 28 to Saturday September 2, he said: “I was originally asked if I was interested in Teen Angel which meant one song and a brief role so I went for the audition.
Grease
“I got a phone call a few days later asking if I was interested in playing Danny and after an extra audition, they offered me the part which I was delighted about.”
The original high-school musical, features unforgettable songs including You're The One That I Want, Grease Is The Word and Summer Nights.
You might think that there wouldn't be too much of a challenge to go from singer to musical theatre lead but Tom says there has been difficulties.
He said: “It has been a challenge learning the script but there are a lot of transferable skills over from performing in the band. While we weren't known for lots of dancing in the band, we did a little bit.
“But when we did have some complex choreography in this show, I did go a little bit like, ah yes, I can do this.
“I did watch the film just to get the style of acting that is required in this field. John Travolta had a huge impact playing the film so I have tried to take little things from his performance but not all of it.”
Even the relatively short period of rehearsals didn't stop Tom from taking the role seriously.
He added: “We only had three weeks of rehearsals before we went out on the tour so I asked for the script a couple of months before we started the rehearsals just so I could get my head in the right place. I wanted to get into the rehearsals and nail it.
“But it is a great show and if you like the film then come along and see it.”
Tom is still best known for his role in the five-piece band The Wanted and is proud of his achievements with the band.
He said: “We played some amazing venues when we were in The Wanted and I think when I look back, my biggest memories are meeting people like Michelle Obama. A few years, I was just a lad from Bolton and then I was meeting the first lady of the United States.
“I would hope that we would reform the band, it is something that I would really push for us to do. There was something special that we had between the four of us, and we would love to recreate that experience again.”
He is also in just a small select group of people. Tom is one of the few contestants that hasn't suffered an injury on The Jump.
Tom laughed before adding: “I was lucky to be probably one of the only people not to be injured in The Jump.
“I initially turned it down as I wasn't keen on doing television work. However after a couple of months, I regretted the decision so asked if there was a chance to do.
“All of the spaces on the show were full but they put me on the reserve list. And then the injuries happened and I ended up being on it.
“I had done some skiing but not for about 10 years before doing that show. It is quite scary doing those 30/40 foot jumps.”
But it is probably safe to say that another tour isn't top of Tom's list to do in the near future.
“I wouldn't rule out doing more musical theatre but doing a long tour does put a strain, especially as I am due to get married next year, so maybe I wouldn't do something as intense in the future.”
Tickets cost from £15 and performances take place throughout the week. To book tickets call the box office on 0844 871 7652 or visit www.atgtickets.co.uk/miltonkeynes.
WASHINGTON — The Treasury Department is expanding its calls for overhauling regulation of the financial services sector, this time focusing on changes to the most significant rules surrounding securitization and derivatives enacted since the crisis.
In a report quietly released on Friday, the second in a series requested by President Trump in a February executive order, calls primarily on market and banking regulators to dial back their post-crisis regulations in an effort to help economic growth.
KATHMANDU: At least 143 people have died and thousands have fled their homes as monsoon floods swept across Nepal and India, officials said Monday, warning the toll could rise as the extent of the damage becomes clear.
Three days of relentless downpours sparked flash floods and landslides that have killed at least 70 in Nepal and 73 across northern and eastern India.
Around 200,000 are living in emergency camps in Assam in northeast India, which suffers frequent flooding during the annual monsoon rains.
Another 15,000 have had to leave their homes in the eastern state of Bihar, which borders Nepal and where one official said seven rivers in Bihar were at danger levels.
Huge swathes of the state were submerged in 2008 when a river burst its banks across the border in Nepal, with the two countries trading blame for the disaster.
A massive landslide in the mountainous northern state of Himachal Pradesh swept two passenger buses off a hillside and into a deep gorge, killing at least 46 people on Sunday.
In Nepal, over 48,000 homes have been totally submerged by the floods and 21,000 people displaced, according to police.
As emergency workers struggled to reach far-flung areas, the country's home ministry said another 47 people were missing, presumed dead.
The Nepal Red Cross warned that shortages of drinking water and food could create a humanitarian crisis in the impoverished Himalayan country.
“In many parts of the country there is a scarcity of safe drinking water creating a high risk of health hazards,” spokesman Dibya Raj Poudel told Agence France-Presse.
“Several villages and settlements are unreachable. Telecommunications, mobile phones are still not working so is difficult to give a full assessment.”
The southern lowlands of Nepal known as the Terai have so far born the brunt of the monsoon deluge.
The Terai is Nepal's most fertile region and the economic toll is expected to be severe.
“We are getting reports that about 70 percent of agriculture area in the Tarai is inundated,” said Shankar Sapkota, senior agricultural economist with the government.
“Paddy fields, vegetable plantation and fish farms have been affected but right now we cannot confirm the extent of damage.”
The rains are now expected to shift westwards and authorities in Nepal have begun evacuating 74,000 people from the area expected to be hit.
Nearly 150 people have been killed in Nepal since the beginning of the rainy season in late June.
Hundreds have died in torrential rain, floods and landslides in neighboring India during the monsoon, which hits the country's southern tip in early June and sweeps across the nation, lasting into September.
In the northern Indian state of Uttarakhand—which borders Nepal—three people were killed in a landslide late Sunday triggered by heavy rains, local police official Ajay Joshi told Agence France-Presse. AFP
AFP/CC
BAGHDAD: A suicide car bomb attack in a densely populated neighborhood of Baghdad on Monday killed at least 32 people and left dozens wounded, police and hospital officials said.
Many of the victims were daily laborers waiting for jobs at an intersection in Sadr City, a sprawling majority Shiite neighborhood in the northeast of the capital that has been repeatedly targeted.
Pictures posted on social media shortly after the explosion showed a huge plume of black smoke billowing into the sky and seriously injured people being evacuated.
According to a police colonel, at least 32 people were killed and 61 wounded in the blast, the second major attack in Baghdad in three days.
At least 27 people were killed by twin explosions in a busy market area in central Baghdad on Saturday, in what was the deadliest such attack in the Iraqi capital in two months.
There was no immediate claim for Monday's suicide blast but the Islamic State jihadist group has claimed all such attacks recently, including the double bombing on New Year's Eve.
The caliphate IS proclaimed in 2014 is shrinking steadily and jihadist fighters are defending Mosul, their last major urban stronghold in Iraq.
Observers have voiced fears that the group, once it definitively loses its status as a land-holding force, could increasingly revert to targeting civilians in Iraq's cities. AFP
AFP/CC
EARLY MORNING: A motorbike crashed into a kangaroo this morning.
EARLY MORNING: A motorbike crashed into a kangaroo this morning. Jodie DixonBIT200616WILFLIFE
A MOTORBIKE travelling along Back Windermere Rd collided with a kangaroo in the early hours of this morning.
Two people were transported to Bundaberg Hospital in stable conditions after their motorcycle came into contact with marsupial.
The crashed happened just before 5am.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around. Watch her go.
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared her goals for SLO
2:09 Watch Zac Efron in the teaser trailer for 'Baywatch'
0:50 Fresno man says he was fired for medical marijuana use
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
2:41 Fresno Chaffee Zoo's ridiculously adorable lion cub is now 5 weeks old
SunLED's HRS Series is available in 0603 and 1206 packages which are ideal for any compact devices such as wearable electronics
HRS-160x120 Tile
Media Contact
4010 Valley Blvd. #100
Walnut, CA 91789-0935 U.S.A.
9095946000
***@sunledusa.com 4010 Valley Blvd. #100Walnut, CA 91789-0935 U.S.A.9095946000
End
-- Optoelectronic components have been evolving in application usages ever since its inception. What started out as simple indicator lights for ON/OFF purposes eventually expanded to LEDs being used aesthetically, enhancing the product in ways beyond indication. SunLED has proudly been a leading manufacturer in each of these turning points in opto technology. Lighting the way towards the next chapter in LED evolution, SunLED introduces the HRS Series - Heart Rate Sensor LEDs.SunLED's HRS Series is available in 0603 and 1206 packages which are ideal for any compact devices such as wearable electronics. A variety of viewing angles are available to provide design flexibility. Specific wavelengths of λP=520nm; λD=525nm are deployed in this series, which is the key to having an accurate heart rate measurement.· Industry standard 0603 and 1206 footprints· Optimal wavelength for heart rate sensor applications· λP=520nm; λD=525nm· High intensity output at low currents· Compact package selections ideal for wearables· Flat lens and dome lens versions available· Multiple viewing angle options· Heart rate sensorSunLED is one of the world's leading manufacturers of optoelectronic components. The company offers an extensive line of LED Lamps, Surface Mount LEDs, and LED Displays that are RoHS and REACH compliant. Manufacturing with state of the art equipment, SunLED supports high profile customers with production capabilities exceeding 350 million LEDs per month. The company has an unwavering commitment to service and quality for supporting engineering requirements, while assisting with the next advancements in electronic innovations.SunLED Company, LLC4010 Valley Blvd. #100Walnut, CA 91789-0935 U.S.A.+1-909-594-6000E-mail: sales@SunLEDusa.comWeb site: www.SunLEDusa.com
Amazing Lash Studio Woodbury
Contact
Andrea
***@chargemediagroup.com Andrea
End
-- Amazing Lash Studio, an eyelash extension bar, is coming soon to Woodbury, MN. The Amazing Lash Studio brand is expanding through the United States with 152 current locations and 25 coming soon. The new location is opening its doors for business on August 18. For all those interested in being part the grand opening list, fill out the form through the Woodbury website or Facebook page.The salon will be located on 530 Woodbury Drive, Suite 100 Woodbury, MN 55125. Eyelash extensions are synthetic strands that are made to replicate a natural eyelash. This technic helps thicken your own natural lash. ALS has different styles made to fit any look and personality.Extensions that are longer on the outside edge and outside corner of the eye.Longer eyelash extensions tapered to follow your existing lash line and enhance the natural shape of your eyelashesLonger and thicker eyelash extensions along the entire lash line. They have longer, fuller lashes all over.Use longer lash extensions at the center of your eye that makes your eyes appear longer.Amazing Lash Studio Woodbury has benefits like an introductory rate of $79.99 for the first full set of lash extensions and membership to save money. Referring friends results in $10 on the Lash account to use in future visits.The studio will be posting updates to all clients through the website and social media to make announcements about opening to the public!
LONDON – The US corruption and money-laundering probe into Glencore Plc represents the sum of all fears for the world's largest commodity trader and its billionaire CEO Ivan Glasenberg.
The possibility that the Justice Department would add to the dizzying array of regulatory and legal headaches the Swiss company is facing around the globe – from Russia to Africa and South America – has been a major worry for both executives and shareholders for months, people familiar with the matter said.
Advertisement
Those concerns crystallized Tuesday with the announcement that US investigators have subpoenaed documents related to Glencore's activities in the Democratic Republic of Congo, Nigeria and Venezuela dating back to 2007, sending the shares tumbling as much as 13%.
The most obvious risk from the US investigation is a hefty fine or settlement, but the stock plunge, which erased $5-billion of market value, far exceeded the largest penalty ever imposed under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. That suggests investors have deeper apprehensions, according to Maximilian Hess, a senior political risk analyst at AKE International.
Advertisement
"Glencore was long the business that operated where others could not or would not,” Hess said. “That seems like an increasingly untenable position.”
The US hasn't made any accusations of wrongdoing or specified what it is investigating. Glencore said it's reviewing the subpoena and will provide further information as appropriate.
Glasenberg in April had to quit the board of of one of Glencore's biggest aluminum suppliers, United Co. Rusal, after its main owner, Oleg Deripaska, was hit with the most punitive US sanctions imposed on a so-called Russian oligarch.
Glencore's struggles in Congo, where it operates massive copper and cobalt mines, have also come under legal pressure, including a possible bribery investigation by UK prosecutors over its work with Dan Gertler, an Israeli billionaire and close ally of Congo President Joseph Kabila, people familiar with the situation said in May.
But the US is casting a wider net with the addition of Venezuela and Nigeria to its investigation, increasing the likelihood that Glencore's management will get bogged down in a lengthy legal process. And any fines or charges that result will only further complicate internal efforts to settle on a successor to Glasenberg, 61.
GLENCORE EXECUTIVES
Glasenberg has run Glencore since 2002 and is also the company's second-largest shareholder, according to Bloomberg data. Two of his closest lieutenants are associated with legal challenges in the countries the Justice Department is focusing on.
Glencore curbed the powers of Aristotelis Mistakidis, its head of copper, after a review of operations in Congo raised questions about accounting and management practices. And Alex Beard, Glencore's head of oil, was named in a 2015 lawsuit filed by a former representative in Nigeria.
Christopher LaFemina, an analyst at Jefferies, said the issue threatens to become a long-term drag on Glencore's shares, much like the ongoing dispute between rival miner Freeport-McMoRan Inc. and the Indonesian government.
"Investors are likely to assume Glencore will have to pay a large fine, and Glencore's cost of capital will increase due to increased risk in general," LaFemina said.
RECOVERY THREAT
The revelation of the US probe is the latest in a string of headaches that have soured what should have been a triumphant moment for Glasenberg.
Glencore's share price has more than quintupled from a collapse in 2015, when a commodity-wide downturn triggered a crisis of confidence in the company. It's been helped by a series of transactions that burnished Glasenberg's reputation as a shrewd dealmaker.
And Glencore's mines, particularly in Congo, which competitors such as Rio Tinto Group and BHP Billiton found too difficult to operate in, have given the company pole position in the race to supply metals that are vital to the emerging electric-vehicle market. Yet the African country has also been the source of most of Glencore's woes.
Last year, Katanga Mining, a Congolese copper producer owned by Glencore, restated financial statements and announced an investigation by Canadian regulators for its corporate governance and accounting practices. Then in December, Gertler, the Israeli tycoon, was sanctioned by the US Treasury, which alleged he'd engaged in "opaque and corrupt” deals.
MINING CODE
Glencore has also been battling the Congolese government over a new mining code that hikes royalties and taxes, as well as dealing with lawsuits in the country from Gecamines, the state mining company, and Gertler.
This isn't the first time Glencore has found itself in Washington's crosshairs. The company's founder, the late fugitive Marc Rich, was indicted in 1983 in part for trading oil with sanctioned Iran. Rich received a controversial pardon on former President Bill Clinton's last day in office in 2001.
That was a decade before Glencore first sold shares to the public, which made any future corporate missteps much more costly.
“The fine is a tiny part of the damage this sort of thing does to a company,” said Karina Litvack, former head of sustainable investment at F&C Asset Management. “Some of that damage can be quantified, but much of it cannot and this unquantifiable cost often dwarfs what can be easily measured.”
The Arizona Cardinals, facing more injuries on the offensive line, announced some roster moves Monday afternoon. Versatile offensive lineman Vinston Painter, who has been bounced around between being on the active roster, practice squad and off the roster completely, was promoted to the 53-man roster.
The team released undrafted rookie receiver Carlton Agudosi and long snapper Justin Drescher.
Tackle Jared Veldheer will go on injured reserve with a fractured ankle and starting right guard Earl Watford will also miss time with an ankle sprain. Painter adds another body to the roster. Will Holden and Evan Boehm are in line to move into the starting lineup.
Painter (6-4, 318) has played in three games this season for the Cardinals on special teams after splitting time between Arizona's active roster and practice squad. He originally joined the Cardinals practice squad on September 14 after spending the preseason with the Redskins. Painter entered the league with Denver as a sixth-round selection (173rd overall) in the 2013 NFL Draft out of Virginia Tech and has spent time with the Broncos, Browns, Giants, Dolphins and Redskins during his NFL career.
The release of Drescher signals the return of Aaron Brewer, whom the Cardinals designated to return from injured reserve last week.
More roster moves will be forthcoming. Veldheer will be placed on injured reserve, which will free up another roster spot.
Listen to the latest from the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
The star urged bullying victims to talk to somebody and regain control.
TV presenter Scarlett Moffatt has told how she moved schools as a child to avoid bullies.
The Gogglebox star and I'm A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! jungle queen encouraged bullying victims to speak out as she remembered how her own experiences often led to her eating alone in the toilets.
Speaking on ITV's This Morning on Friday, the 26-year-old recounted a later meeting in a supermarket with a former tormentor who said the pair used to be friends.
#bekind always ❤️❤️ #thismorning A post shared by Scarlett Moffatt (@scarlett_moffatt) on Oct 6, 2017 at 3:01am PDT
She told presenters Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford: “(I said) ‘Why are you saying that? We were never friends. I had to move schools because of you and your girl gang, because you were just awful to me. How dare you say that'.
“And I just said, ‘I just hope your kids don't ever meet anyone who is like you were at school', then I sort of had a mic-drop moment where I just dropped my basket and walked out.”
Explaining the importance of reporting bullying, she explained how her experiences made her feel too ashamed to tell her own parents.
“Because I loved them very much I didn't want them to worry, and I almost felt embarrassed going home when they would say ‘How was school?' and I would say, ‘Oh well I sat in the toilet to eat my dinner'. I didn't want my mum and dad to think that of me.
“After a while… I would sort of plant a seed on a Sunday that I was feeling poorly… I think then my mum and dad where like, ‘What's wrong?'.
“I didn't tell them for a couple of years. I did play it down a lot… I think they worried that I didn't have anyone to play out with and things like that.
In a message to viewers, she continued: “But just tell somebody because as soon as I told my mum and dad, then it was a relief and I could get something sorted.
'As soon as I told my mum and dad, it was a relief. As soon as you tell someone, you're in control' @ScarlettMoffatt https://t.co/8VNeDv0RWX pic.twitter.com/IbB48LAEnQ — This Morning (@thismorning) October 6, 2017
“Even if you are scared, because they have made you feel scared, as soon as you tell someone you are in control.”
Moffatt will soon be returning to screens again as she joins former jungle mate Joel Dommett and previous jungle king Joe Swash to host ITV 2's I'm A Celebrity spin-off show, Extra Camp.
“I'm so excited, it's a bit crazy,” she said, joking: “I'm going to have to get my Christmas shopping done now.”
You can watch the full interview below and catch up on This Morning on #3player
© Press Association 2017
As part of his warmed-over jobs plan, President Barack Obama is repackaging “Buy American” stimulus subsidies to help hard-hit homegrown businesses. At the same time, however, Congress is pushing to expand a fraud-riddled investor program that puts U.S. citizenship for sale to the highest foreign business bidders.
Call it the Buy America Cash-for-Visas plan.
As I first reported 10 years ago, the EB-5 immigrant investor program was created under an obscure section of the 1990 Immigration Act. The law allows 10,000 wealthy foreigners a year to purchase green cards by investing $500,000 to $1 million in new commercial enterprises or troubled businesses. After two years, foreign investors, their spouses and their children all receive permanent resident status, which allows them to contribute to U.S. political campaigns and provides a speedy gateway to citizenship. The program is set to expire in 2012.
On Thursday, the House Judiciary Committee's immigration subpanel entertained calls to save the EB-5 law. Rep. Zoe Lofgren, D-Calif., is sponsoring a bill to salvage the immigrant investor visas. The legislation (sponsored by open-borders Sens. John Kerry, D-Mass., and Richard Lugar, R-Ind., in the Senate) also creates a second program with lower barriers to entry that would provide “start-up visas” for foreign entrepreneurs. They would be granted unconditional permanent-resident status if they create a government-determined number of jobs.
And there's the rub. Obama's make-believe math on stimulus jobs saved or created — coupled with the snowballing $535 million, stimulus-funded Solyndra solar company bankruptcy scandal — tells you all you need to know about Washington's credibility in picking economic winners and losers.
If the feds can't be trusted to invest government subsidies wisely in American companies, how can they possibly determine which overseas investors will be successful here? And if top U.S. loan officials have demonstrated such sloppy, politically driven disregard for financial due diligence on risky half-billion-dollar enterprises, how can immigration officials be trusted to better protect the national interest?
Answer: They can't. In fact, the benefits of the EB-5 economic development plan have gone to former Immigration and Naturalization Service officials who formed lucrative limited partnerships to cash in on their access, and to shady foreign fraudsters.
Whistleblowers told me how immigrant investors paid token fees to these partnerships. The partnerships secured promissory notes for the remainder of the foreign investments, which were forgiven after investors received their permanent green cards. Former INS employees, working for these partnerships, aggressively lobbied their old colleagues to accept such bogus financial arrangements. As a result, according to an internal Justice Department investigative report, “aliens were paying $125K” instead of the required $500,000 to $1 million minimum, and “almost all of the monies went to the general partners and the companies who set up the limited partners.”
In 2007, the Seattle Post-Intelligencer reported that the “program between 1995 and 1998 was frequently abused when would-be immigrants were allowed to pay a small amount in cash for a green card, signing a promissory note for the balance. The note didn't come due for several years — long after the two-year conditional period built into the EB-5 visa had ended and permanent residency had been granted.”
An earlier Baltimore Sun investigation found “only a tiny fraction of the money ever made it to the companies seeking assistance.” Many of the distressed American firms that the program intended to help have closed because they never received promised funding.
Instead of allowing the troubled program to sunset, Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano has “streamlined” the EB-5 immigrant investor green card process — guaranteeing processing within 15 calendar days for foreign business “projects that are fully developed and ready to be implemented.” The same expedited rush for government-directed investments gave us Solyndra. What's worse in this case is the sordid peddling of the privileges of citizenship.
Twenty years ago, when the program's failures were first exposed, Rep. John Bryant, D-Texas, protested on the House floor: “This provision is an unbelievable departure from our tradition of cherishing our most precious birthright as Americans. Have we no self-respect as a nation? Are we so broke we have to sell our birthright?”
Apparently so.
— Michelle Malkin is author of Culture of Corruption: Obama and his Team of Tax Cheats, Crooks & Cronies. Click here for more information. She can be contacted at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow her on Twitter: @michellemalkin.
Camille Bains, The Canadian Press
VANCOUVER -- One of the contenders vying to lead British Columbia's Liberal party won't have the backing of 1,349 prospective members who were disqualified from voting because of incomplete applications.
A spokesman for Todd Stone's campaign said email addresses were missing on membership applications of people whose first language is not English.
Peter Fassbender said in a statement on Friday that the issue came to light Jan. 26 when the party contacted Stone's senior campaign team.
Stone, who is one of six people hoping to lead the Liberals, immediately requested a full investigation to determine what happened.
The party agreed with Stone that people with incomplete applications should not be allowed to cast a ballot, Fassbender said.
Party members began voting on Thursday, and the process will continue until Saturday, when the Liberals will announce their next leader.
Liberal party spokesman David Wasyluk said the cutoff for membership signups was on Dec. 29 and over 14,000 audit calls were made to verify their members' contact information.
Wasyluk could not say how many members each of the campaigns had signed up by the deadline.
A statement from Geoff Plant, the party's chief returning officer and an attorney general in the former Liberal government, said since taking the job his priority has been ensuring the integrity of the membership database, which included a rigorous inspection of applications.
"As a result of this membership verification process, some applications from each of the submitting campaign teams did not meet the party's standards and were not accepted," Plant said in a statement issued Friday. "Each of the leadership campaigns that submitted applications was informed by the party how many of these were not accepted, and for what reasons."
Stone is in the race against Mike de Jong and Andrew Wilkinson, both of whom were longtime members of former premier Christy Clark's cabinet. Liberal backbenchers Sam Sullivan and Michael Lee are also aiming to take the helm, as is former Conservative MP Dianne Watts, who was once mayor of Surrey.
Stephen Carter, spokesman for de Jong's campaign, said the party had 63,000 members on Dec. 28 but then wound up with 59,000 members.
He said de Jong's campaign, along with those of three others -- Lee, Watts and Wilkinson -- co-signed a letter this week asking the party to make Stone's membership issue public so members could make an informed decision before casting their ballots.
"They needed to have the full information and the full story and now in the middle of the voting, the full story has finally come out," he said.
Carter said a social media marketing company called AggregateIQ had contacted de Jong's campaign to try and build memberships but was unsuccessful in securing a contract, though it did work for Stone's campaign.
Its tactics involved creating domains and email portals to attach email address to new members, he said, adding the loophole is technically not against the Liberal party's rules.
Carter said 46 per cent of members had yet to vote by Friday.
"This whole revelation that happened around Todd Stone shakes the whole race up because people who were going to choose Todd Stone on the first ballot are now essentially free agents."
Katy Merrifield, campaign manager for Wilkinson, said in a statement: "Today's disclosure of more than 1,000 ineligible Stone campaign memberships is disappointing. I am proud the Wilkinson campaign has been firmly based on integrity and transparency."
Laura Balance, spokeswoman for Watts, said the campaign would not be commenting on the issue. A spokesman from Lee's campaign also declined comment.
A spokesperson for Sullivan was not immediately available.
Plant said media reports around the voting process are a reminder that the system works.
"Where membership applications did not meet the party's strict criteria, they were not accepted," his statement said.
Diego Costa has criticised Chelsea's treatment of him this summer and said he is “not a criminal” as he holds out for a move to Atletico Madrid.
The 28-year-old, who claims he was told he was not wanted by manager Antonio Conte via text message in the summer, has yet to leave the club but did not return from his post-season break.
Costa said he was happy at Stamford Bridge until Conte made it clear he had no future in the Italian's team, and now wants to rejoin the club he left to join Chelsea in 2014.
The striker said he has not reported for training as he does not want to train with the Blues' reserves, and is happy staying in Brazil and paying club fines until his future is resolved.
“I am waiting for Chelsea to set me free. I didn't want to leave. I was happy. When the manager does not want you, you have to go,” he told the Daily Mail.
“In January, things happened with the coach. I was on the brink of renewing my contract and they put the brakes on it. I suspect the manager was behind it.
“They gave me a week extra off but since then it's fines all the way. They want me training with the reserves. I am not going to do that.
“I am not a criminal and I am not in the wrong here. So, if they need to fine me, let them fine me.”
Text message
Costa, who said he feels Conte “doesn't possess charisma”, was angry with how he was told to leave.
He added: “There are ways of going about it. You don't do it by text message. You should be honest and direct to someone's face.”
Costa hopes to sort his future out quickly but is prepared to miss a year of playing rather than move somewhere other than Atletico, who are under a transfer embargo until January.
He said: “My desire is to go to Atletico. I have rejected other offers. They want to sell me to China or other teams. If I'm off, I'm going to the club I want to go to, not the club that's paying the most.
“I am open to being a year in Brazil without playing, even if Chelsea fine me for a year and don't pay me. I'll come back stronger. If I was in the wrong, I'd go back now and do as they say.”
Jacksonville, Florida – Acting United States Attorney W. Stephen Muldrow announces the return of an indictment charging Verdell Terria Jones (53, Jacksonville) with 10 counts of possession of counterfeit government checks. If convicted, she faces up to 25 years in federal prison on each of count. Jones was arrested on April 11, 2017, at her home in Jacksonville. According to facts presented at the detention hearing yesterday, this scheme is part of Jones's involvement with the Sovereign Citizen Movement and her attempts to pass counterfeit government checks in order to pay off various loans. Her trial has been scheduled for June 5, 2017.
By Emmanuel Okogba
Super Eagles of Nigeria and Tianjin Teda's midfielder John Mikel Obi is ecstatic over his side's first win of the season in the Chinese Super League.
Obi who captains both club and country contributed in all three goals that ensured maximum three points.
The former Chelsea man, 30, delighted with the statement making display took to social media to express his feelings.
First win of the season – Done ✅ We build from here 👍🏾 pic.twitter.com/1vJFJ3WGiC — Mikel John Obi (@mikel_john_obi) March 19, 2018
Mikel tweeted, “First win of the season – Done! We build from here,”
The win means they now occupy the eighth spot on the log after gathering four points from three outings.
Mikel and teammates return to action on April 1 to face Jiangsu Suning, after the international break.
He will be part of the Nigerian team that will play both Poland and Serbia on 23rd and 27th respectively.
New information about BlackBerry's alleged conduct had surfaced during the criminal prosecution of an executive at a retailer that sold its smartphones
A U.S. judge on Monday rejected BlackBerry Ltd's request to dismiss a lawsuit claiming it inflated its stock price and defrauded shareholders by painting a misleadingly positive picture of sales prospects for its BlackBerry 10 smartphones.
While an earlier version of the case was dismissed in March 2015, Chief Judge Colleen McMahon of the U.S. District Court in Manhattan said the proposed class action can proceed now.
She said new information about BlackBerry's alleged conduct had surfaced during the criminal prosecution of an executive at a retailer that sold its smartphones.
The judge also cited a new legal standard adopted by the U.S. Supreme Court that could make it easier for some plaintiffs to show that statements of opinion might be misleading.
Other defendants include former Chief Executive Thorsten Heins, former Chief Financial Officer Brian Bidulka and Chief Legal Officer Steve Zipperstein.
BlackBerry spokeswoman Sarah McKinney declined to comment.
A lawyer for the defendants did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
The BlackBerry 10 won positive reviews from critics, but never caught on with the public, which preferred Android-based phones and Apple Inc's iPhone. BlackBerry decided in 2016 to stop making its own smartphones.
Shareholders had accused BlackBerry of concealing BlackBerry 10's true sales prospects in public statements during 2013.
The amended complaint was based in part on information from the 2015 prosecution of James Dunham, a former chief operating officer at the retailer Wireless Zone.
That case revealed how an April 2013 report by Detwiler Fenton showing a high return rate for the BlackBerry 10 was based on data sold by Dunham from some 400 Wireless Zone stores.
Dunham pleaded guilty to selling confidential wireless industry information and was sentenced to five months in prison.
McMahon said the plaintiffs have made a "plausible showing" that BlackBerry's public response to the Detwiler report, including that customers were "satisfied" and return rates were "at or below our forecasts and right in line with the industry," contradicted data it allegedly had from Wireless Zone.
She said she would address later the merits of BlackBerry's arguments that its statements were not misleading.
Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Additional reporting by Jim Finkle in Toronto; Editing by Phil Berlowitz.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
BERLIN (AP) — A Vietnamese man charged with involvement in the kidnapping of a former Vietnamese oil executive in Berlin went on trial Tuesday in the German capital. The case has strained diplomatic ties between Berlin and Hanoi.
The 47-year-old, identified only as Long N.H. because of German privacy rules, is charged with espionage and being an accessory to deprivation of liberty.
German authorities say Trinh Xuan Thanh, the former chairman of PetroVietnam's construction arm, and a woman accompanying him were snatched off the street, bundled into a van and taken to Vietnam in July. Prosecutors say that the kidnapping was carried out by Vietnamese intelligence officials and other employees at the Vietnamese Embassy along with several Vietnamese who live in Europe.
Vietnam claims that Thanh, who was seeking asylum in Germany, returned voluntarily. Thanh was given two life sentences earlier this year for embezzlement.
Advertisement
The suspect who went on trial Tuesday at Berlin's state court is accused of providing logistical support for the operation.
Prosecutors say he rented the van used in the kidnapping in Prague three days before the kidnapping and drove it to Berlin, then drove it back immediately after the kidnapping. In between, he allegedly drove back to Prague another car that had been used to snoop on Thanh.
Prosecutor Lienhard Weiss told the court that the suspect had been aware of the basic details of the plan and approved of it, news agency dpa reported. Defendants don't enter formal pleas in Germany. Defense lawyer Stephan Bonell said he would make a statement at a later stage.
Germany accused Vietnam of breaking international law and last year kicked out the country's intelligence attache. The defendant was arrested in the Czech Republic, where he ran a currency exchange office, in August.
Zion Canyon tours are more successful if started in Las Vegas. This is because of the close proximity of the city to the park.
Contact
Bindlestiff Tours
***@focusinternetservices.com Bindlestiff Tours
End
-- Zion Canyon National Park is experiencing a boom in tourism. Just a few years ago, parks across the country were experiencing issues due to a need for federal funding in order to cover maintenance costs to be justified by tourism levels. It was difficult to justify the expenses when looking at how many tourists visited each park yearly. An advertising campaign called "Find Your Park" increased tourism rates at nearly all national parks, but Zion benefited far more than the rest. Increases in tourist numbers at Zion Canyon grew so much that the park has now begun an effort to explore solutions to overcrowding, and how to encourage visitation to nearby parks like Bryce Canyon instead of Zion. As of the writing of this article, there have been no real shifts that would result in tourism at the park being reduced.The real question is "why are numbers up at Zion more than other parks?" The answer may actually be found in its proximity to Las Vegas. Zion is only a short 2.5-hour drive from Las Vegas, as opposed to most other parks in the area being roughly 4 hours drive. This fact may be one of the major contributing factors because Las Vegas itself is a tourist attraction. Every year, millions of travelers venture to Las Vegas for the obvious reasons, and a percentage of those travelers also plan a trip to nearby Zion Canyon in the middle of that vacation. Others fly into Las Vegas specifically for the trip to Zion, as Las Vegas offers generally cheaper and more plentiful flights in and out than other major cities that are within driving distance to the park. Las Vegas also offers far more restaurant and hotel choices to fit any budget. The fact is that because national parks are remote, you are going to have to drive to get to them. You are going to need a starting place if you do not personally live within that driving distance, and that starting place needs to be able to provide what you need for a price within your budget. Las Vegas does all these things, and is the perfect starting point for a Zion trip because it is also the closest city to the park.Many companies provide tours to Zion Canyon leaving from Las Vegas as a result of this popularity. Companies like Bindlestiff Tours https://www.bindlestifftours.com/ package/national- parks-t... will transport you in comfort from your hotel room to the park, then guide you through the best activities once you get there. This may be the best option for a Zion tour, as you do not have to worry about the drive, and can spend your time resting for the exploration.
12:41 p.m. update:
Glacier National Park has resumed issuing backcountry permits in designated backcountry sites. Some backcountry campgrounds are closed due to fire activity. All front country campgrounds remain open. Check here for updated status.
Trail closures remain in effect for the Howe Ridge Trail, Camas Trail, Trout Lake Trail, the Gunsight Pass Trail from Lake McDonald to Gunsight Pass (including all secondary trails such as the Snyder Lake Trail), and the Lincoln Lake Trail. The Sprague Fire (estimated at 35 acres) is being managed using a confine and contain strategy due to the steep terrain and concerns with firefighter safety. Aerial resources have been used to slow fire growth, and ground resources are on scene.
Other fires within the park are being staffed.
Sperry Chalet remains closed. The structures in the Sperry Chalet complex are not immediately threatened, however the Sprague fire has necessitated the closure of the main trail that accesses the chalet. No overnight guests remain at Sperry Chalet.
Most areas of the park are open including all areas of the North Fork, Apgar Village, the Going-to-the-Sun Road, Granite Park Chalet, Two Medicine, St. Mary, Many Glacier and Goat Haunt. Please check the park website for updated trail and road information.
The Cyclone Lake fire burning in the Coal Creek State Forest in the Flathead National Forest's North Fork area is estimated at 36-acres. It's being managed with full suppression tactics and firefighter / public safety as the number one priority. It is burning in heavy timber, and in pockets of previously burned areas in 2000 and 2001, with dead and down forest fuels. There are no evacuations in place and no structures threatened. The public is asked to avoid travel on Forest Road #909 from the junction with Forest Road #319 to the Cyclone Lookout Trailhead junction, as fire traffic is concentrated in that area.
The 1,895-acre Monahan Fire is located between Monahan Mountain on the Lolo National Forest and Little Apex Mountain on the Flathead National Forest. The fire is being managed for resource benefit including allowing the fire to play its natural ecological role with consideration for public and firefighter safety and point protection of historic resources and trail infrastructure. There are trail closures in place.
12:00 p.m. update
Concise video update from Lolo Peak Fire incident commander Noel Livingston.
Meyers Fire: 25 miles southwest of Philipsburg. 13,711 acres and 5-percent containment.
The Rocky Mountain Type 2 Incident Management Blue Team, with Jay Esperance, Incident Commander (IC) assumed command of the Meyers Fire at 6 am today. Yesterday, the Blue Team strived to get as familiar as possible with every facet of the Meyers Fire. All the functions worked side by side with the previous team to ensure a seamless transition.
Suppression plans and actions will not be changing radically with the new command and the fire situation has not changed. The most active parts of the fire remain predominantly in the northern and western flanks. The potential for large fire growth is still high due to the presence of thick dry vegetation between the fire edge and the primary control lines. However, should the fire begin to move toward these lines, fire managers have identified locations that will trigger aggressive suppression actions. These actions include aerial water drops and the activation of structure protection sprinkler systems. The desired effect will be to slow the uncontrolled advance of the fire giving firefighters a better chance of holding the lines.
Firefighters are making excellent progress and have completed more than 75% of the indirect control lines. Most of the remaining work must be done by hand and chippers. Much of the heavy equipment is being relocated north to speed the construction of the east/west contingency line for the protection of East Fork Reservoir and Georgetown Lake.
Structure protection is still a priority for Moose Lake and the Frog Pond areas. Initial attack resources have been identified and are prepared to react to new starts should they occur.
A possibility of scattered showers and thunderstorms exists and will be increasing as the day goes on. A chance of a wetting rain in some areas is possible.
Lolo Peak Fire, 10 miles southwest of Lolo: 9,981 acres.
Community Fire Information Briefing: Tonight, at 7:00 p.m., Lolo Public School (Upper Gym), 11395 Hwy 93, South Lolo.
The fire was extremely active Sunday morning following strong winds from thunderstorms Saturday night which pushed the fire to the north and east into Tevis and Mill Creek drainages. The fire behavior and movement with predicted strong west winds Sunday afternoon, and potential for rapid fire spread down to the valley floor, prompted fire officials and Missoula County Sheriff's Office to evacuate both sides of US Highway 12 between Bear Creek and Fort Fizzle.
The fire did not cross primary containment lines. The unexpected duration of the rain, corresponding rise in humidity, and quieter winds than expected moderated fire behavior.
The fire also expanded on the west side dropping further into Johnny Creek and Dick Creek. Firefighters will take advantage of the break in weather today (Wind will be from the west 5-10-mph with gusts to 20 mph. Max temperatures will be 65-70 along ridges and 78-83 in the valleys. Minimum relative humidity will be 25-30-percent) to begin burnout operations to remove fire alignment with wind, terrain and fuel to slowly bring fire down to containment lines.
Evacuations will remain in place because of the fire proximity to homes and the very real potential to become very active over the next couple of days with continued forecast for windy conditions. Evacuations/Closure Information: Evacuation Orders are in effect for both the north and south sides of Highway 12 between Fort Fizzle west to Mile Post 20 at Bear Creek, which includes the Mill Creek Road and Elk Meadows Road areas. A Evacuation Warning has been issued for both the north and south sides of Highway 12 from Fort Fizzle east to Balsam Root Road, as well as residents on Morman Creek Road past Vann Drive and those on Vann Drive. This Warning is not an order to evacuate, only a warning so that citizens can prepare should evacuations become necessary. For further information call 258-INFO (4636).
Highway 12 is closed between Fort Fizzle and Grave's Creek Road. Please do not stop along the road to view fire activity as it creates a traffic hazard.
Rice Ridge Fire near Seeley Lake: 11,277 acres and 10-percent containment.
A community meeting will be held tonight, August 14 at 6pm at the Seeley Lake Elementary School.
At approximately 9:30 on Sunday morning, a contract engine was involved in a single vehicle rollover accident on Morrell Creek Road. One individual was taken to a nearby medical facility for treatment. The cause of the accident is under investigation. No further comment was released.
Fire growth yesterday was limited across the fire with the exception of the Swamp Creek drainage, where the perimeter moved across the drainage and up the ridge to the southeast. Favorable winds and increasing relative humidity limited spread as the fire approached the ridge. Line construction continued along the northwest portion of the fire with heavy equipment. Crews continue to install hoselays and perform brush clean up along the west and southeast sides of the fire. Fuels reduction work also continued along the northeast boundary of the Double Arrow Ranch.
Firefighters today will use heavy equipment on the northwest end of the fire, working to connect the indirect line along the western portion of the fire. Given the favorable weather conditions and work completed in preparation, fire managers are planning to use strategic firing operations in the coming days to secure the uncontrolled fire edge. Fuels reduction will continue on public land just north of the Double Arrow Ranch.
Sapphire Complex (Little Hogback, Goat Creek and Sliderock fires) 25 miles east of Missoula, south of I-90 in the Rock Creek Drainage: 30, 034 acres with 42-percent containment.
Little Hogback: Firefighters will hold and improve firelines along the Upper Willow Creek Road, east of the fire area. In the southwest, operations will hold and monitor the fire along the Rock Creek corridor and continue to provide structure protection.
Goat CreekFire: Continue to hold the fire along the Rock Creek Road and mop up around structures. Hold the fire along Brewster Creek On the south side of the fire. On the eastern side of the fire, hold and improve handline by burning out green islands. On the east side of the fire continue indirect line construction to tie in with the Sliderock fire on the east.
Sliderock: Hold the west and south perimeter near the mining claim structures. Use direct handline with handcrews and heavy helicopters to stop the north flank from growing into the Goat Creek fire.
Sunrise Fire 11 miles southeast of Superior: 19,029 acres with 20-percent containment.
Trout Creek Road from Magone Ranch (near Pellet Mill) southwest through the fire area is in Stage III evacuation, as are Quartz Creek, Cougar Gulch, and Verde Creek. As of Monday morning, Verde Creek will be downgraded to Stage I. Riverbend, Sunrise and Quartz Flat are in Stage II evacuation. Residents along Diamond Match Road from the overpass and jct. with Forest Road 7798 to the Magone Ranch are also in Stage II evacuation.
Expected fire growth to the north, east and south will threaten structures. Burnouts along control lines will be necessary to direct the main fire front away from communities. Stage II evacuations are expected with increased winds from the southwest. The fire is now in the upper end of Verde Creek, 1 mile from structures near the lower end of Verde Creek. Stage II evacuations are expected with increased winds from the southwest. Type 1 crews and type 3 engine strike teams are needed to hold the indirect line currently in place and to protect the structures.
Gibralter Ridge: 7 miles east of Eureka. 1,938 acres and 6-percent containment.
Public Meeting Announcement: We will be hosting another public meeting Monday, August 14th. It will be at 6 PM at the Lincoln County High School in Eureka. Operations specialists will be available to discuss the current fire situation and expected outlook. The Sheriff'd Department will also be available to discuss the evacuations.
Cooler temperatures and higher humidity have allowed firefighters to make good progress and have several very successful operational shifts. The fire is contained near the intersection of Foothills Road and Sherman Creek resulting in an overall containment of 6%. Shaded fuel breaks have been developed along the Foothills and Grave Creek roads, north and south of the fire. Mop up operations, where firefighters seek out and suppress any residual heat sources, are continuing on the west side of Foothills road, focusing on the areas around structures. Planned Actions: Throughout the day, firefighters will be holding the fire along the Foothills Road, constructing additional containment line, extending shaded fuel breaks, and mopping up near structures.
We're not invincible. Bad days can be tough because when we're depleted and feeling really down it's hard to be there for people. But a lot of us get into this field because we're service-oriented people. So sometimes we're a lot better at taking care of our clients than we are at taking care of ourselves.
Even if we're struggling at work, we find some way to turn it on and take care of people. Most of us have actually never taken a mental health day, and only skip work if we're physically sick — which we know contradicts the advice that we give every day. But if we're having a tough time, and we truly believe we're not capable of helping our client, we'll reschedule or have a colleague take over for us.
Gov. Cuomo put state Comptroller Tom DiNapoli on the hot seat Thursday over the state Senate's controversial practice of paying out stipends to lawmakers for leadership positions they don't hold.
Cuomo said the state comptroller reviews the Legislature's payroll submissions and determines whether to cut the checks.
“He either did it legally or illegally. I'm assuming his position is it's legal. But it's either legal or not legal,” Cuomo told reporters following a housing event in Manhattan.
“It's the comptroller's opinion whether or not that was legal. If it was not legal, the comptroller shouldn't have done it. If it was not legal, the comptroller should call up and say ‘Whoops. I made a mistake. I need the money back.'''
Cuomo even raised the specter of DiNapoli being investigated.
“Now, if the comptroller violated the law and is unwilling to admit it, you could have authorities come in and that would take it to a new level. But the fundamental question is the comptroller funded it. Was it legal? Was it not legal? He must believe it was legal, because I have not heard him say he wants the money back.”
DiNapoli spokeswoman Jennifer Freeman responded:
“The Comptroller's office is not a court of law. This issue needs to be decided by the Senate itself or the legal system.”
Cuomo's administration has been rocked by a pay-to-play and bid-rigging scandals that include charges against former top aide Joe Percoco.
The governor and DiNapoli have sparred on how much oversight the comptroller should have over the state's economic development program.
On Wednesday, DiNapoli released a hard-hitting audit blasting Cuomo's chief economic development arm, the Empire State Development Corp., for failing to report the outcomes of many of the programs it runs.
Cuomo economic development officials disputed the findings.
DiNapoli, a former state assemblyman, is personally familiar with the Legislature's leadership stipends, or lulus, paid to lawmakers on top of their base $79,500 salaries.
The bonuses range from $9,500 to $40,000.
see also Lawmaker refuses bonus in midst of legality probe With critics questioning its legality, a Republican lawmaker on Monday...
The Republican-led Senate submitted documents to the comptroller's office that listed seven lawmakers — three Independent Democratic Conference members, plus four Republicans — who were listed falsely as holding committee chairs to get larger bonuses. Some were actually vice chairs, not chairs.
The Senate leadership issued a legal opinion insisting the stipends were legal.
But Senate Democratic Minority Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins questioned its legality and called for an investigation.
Salaries have been a sore point with lawmakers because base salaries haven't been raised since 1999.
Cuomo last year pushed for ethics reforms as part of any deal to raise legislative pay. The deal fell through.
“None of it looks good,” said Cuomo, who argued that a legislative pay hike should be accompanied by restrictions on outside employment.
Bleak, existential, and as dry as the wintry air outside, Adrian Osmond's adaption of Chekhov's Three Sisters, performed by the learning disabled based Lung Ha Theatre Company, is as heart-warming as it is compelling.
The bittersweet tone is set early. An inspired collaboration with the Folk Music department of the Sibelius Academy of the University of the Arts (Helsinki, Finland) gifts the audience with melancholic traditional Russian folk music throughout. An elegant, understated set with richly designed costumes, transports the audience to a small Russian town at the turn of the twentieth century.
The three Prozorov sisters, Olga, Irina, and Masha, and their brother Andrei, dream daily of returning to their former home and exciting lives in Moscow. The arrival of the Imperial Army provides some distraction from their dreary provincial lives, and a love affair for Masha, but nothing suffices to assuage their boredom and longing for the capital. Then tragedy strikes. Andrei marries Natasha, a provincial girl who mortgages the house, crushing the girls' dreams of escape.
Introspective and philosophical, Three Sisters asks its audience to consider the meaning and value of life, work, progress, family, and legacy throughout. The references to time are too numerous to count; the characters and audience are constantly aware of its passing and, with it, the narrowing of possibilities. Written over a hundred years go, its themes are still profoundly relevant today.
What is remarkable about this play is how the cast convey its bleak, gruelling, existential themes with an excellent, whimsical humour that perfectly captures its absurdism. The comic relief is persistent and particularly wonderful from Gavin Yule and John Edgar, who play Fyodor Ilyich Kulygin and Ivan Romanovich Chebutykin. Both make absolutely hilarious entrances throughout. Scott Davidson, playing Captain Solyony, delivers every line with delightful comedic timing, which serves to lighten even the most miserable scenes.
Emma McCaffrey gives a particularly strong performance as Olga Prozorova, the eldest of the three sisters. She is energetic and subtle, and expertly leads the audience from her first line to her utterly harrowing performance in the final scene. Nicola Tuxworth is also terrific as the desperately bored and unhappily married middle sister, Masha.
The greatest moment has to be the raucous dinner party scene, which follows a hysterical entrance made by Teri Rob, playing the nasty Natasha Ivanovna, in a truly enormous wig. It contains all of the bittersweet and dynamic elements of the play and is a joy to watch.
This production is a real achievement. Osmond and the delightful cast provide a refreshing take that gets to the heart of the existential drama and reminds audiences that theatre is for all.
Three Sisters
Run ended 15th-17th March
Traverse Theatre
Image: Pete Dibdin
New Delhi: Proteas captain, Faf du Plessis, will miss the remainder of the Momentum One-Day International (ODI) series and upcoming T20 International series against India due to a finger injury.
Du Plessis injured his right index finger during the first ODI at Kingsmead on Thursday, with further assessment and investigation revealing a fracture which will require 3-6 weeks to heal.
Du Plessis will undergo a period of rest and rehabilitation with the aim of being fit for the first Test match against Australia starting in Durban on March 1st.
The selectors have included Farhaan Behardien as Du Plessis' replacement, with Titans wicket-keeper batsman, Heinrich Klaasen, earning his maiden ODI call-up as a reserve wicket-keeper in the squad.
The captain for the remainder of the ODI series will be announced on Saturday.
Author and feminist academic Germaine Greer has called for the lowering of punishment for rape and said society should not see it as a “spectacularly violent crime” but instead view it more as “lazy, careless and insensitive”.
She suggested that a fitting sentence for the offence might be 200 hours' community service and perhaps an “r” tattoo on the rapist's hand, arm or cheek.
Speaking at the Hay literary festival in England, she argued that rape is rampant in society and the legal system cannot cope with it because it always comes down to the issue of consent, with the victims becoming little more than “bits of evidence”.
She said the system was not working and radical change was needed. “I want to turn the discourse about rape upside down. We are not getting anywhere approaching it down the tunnel of history,” she said.
Think about it as nonconsensual … that is bad sex. Sex where there is no communication, no tenderness, no mention of love
“Most rapes don't involve any injury whatsoever,” Greer said. “We are told that it is a sexually violent crime, an expert like Quentin Tarantino will tell us that when you use the word rape you're talking about violence, a throwing them down... it is one of the most violent crimes in the world. Bullshit Tarantino.
“Most rape is just lazy, just careless, insensitive. Every time a man rolls over on his exhausted wife and insists on enjoying his conjugal rights he is raping her. It will never end up in a court of law.
“Instead of thinking of rape as a spectacularly violent crime, and some rapes are, think about it as nonconsensual … that is bad sex. Sex where there is no communication, no tenderness, no mention of love.”
You might want to believe that the penis is a lethal weapon… A man can't kill you with his penis
Rape trials were foundering and not ending in convictions as lawyers argued over the issue of consent, she said. “Why not believe the woman and lower the penalty?
“If we are going to say trust us, believe us, if we do say that our accusation should stand as evidence, then we do have to reduce the tariff for rape.”
Greer acknowledged her thesis would be controversial. “It is moments like these, I can hear the feminists screaming at me, ‘you're trivialising rape!'
“Well I'll tell you what … You might want to believe that the penis is a lethal weapon and that all women live in fear of that lethal weapon, well that's bullshit. It's not true. We don't live in terror of the penis … A man can't kill you with his penis.”
She said that, in cases of obviously violent rape, the courts should concentrate on the violence which should attract bigger sentences, rather than having long trials in which women are humiliated for long periods.
Greer is publishing her full argument on rape in a new book, coming out in Australia in September.
She said some might see her attitude to rape as flippant, but she reminded the silent Hay audience of her own experience when she was 18 and was raped. She was beaten repeatedly by a man telling her “say f**k me” a dozen times. Did she say it? “I don't think I did, but maybe I did. How would that look on my mobile phone in court saying ‘f**k me'?”
Greer did not make a complaint to police.
She questioned a statistic which said that 70 per cent of rape victims had suffered post-traumatic stress disorder compared with 20 per cent of conflict veterans.
“What the hell are you saying? Something that leaves no sign, no injury, no nothing is more damaging to a woman than seeing your best friend blown up by an IED is to a veteran?”
Society wanted women to believe that rape destroyed them, she said. “We haven't been destroyed, we've been bloody annoyed is what we've been.”
Greer has long divided opinion, since she published her landmark work The Female Eunuch in 1970, and her Hay talk shows no sign of changing that.
She said the world was full of bad sex, that people were not talking and loving as they should. “Love-making is not a matter of an organ, it is a matter of communication and somehow we've got to rescue it. It is in deep trouble, heterosex.”
It is more of a crisis for women, she added. “Women love men, more than they [men] love women. We are more aware of our men, more than they are aware of us. We are more easily pressured into pleasing them, or trying to please them. We tend to love our sons more than our daughters, we hope it doesn't show, but it nearly always does.”
Greer was pessimistic about the Harvey Weinstein case , predicting that the only winners would be lawyers. “They will break down the witness.” – Guardian Service
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested by armed police after he took a SHOTGUN and ammunition into a secondary school.
Police swooped on High Lane School in Nuneaton, Warks., after receiving a call from the teenager at 9.15am.
The pupil was arrested on suspicion of being in possession of a firearm.
Superintendent David Gardner, of Warwickshire Police, said yesterday : “We responded promptly and the boy was quickly isolated and the incident contained to ensure there was no risk to pupils and staff.
“We have seized a shotgun and ammunition.
“The initial report was received from the suspect himself and he was cooperative with police throughout.
“Officers were on the scene quickly and he was placed under arrest.
“I would like to thank staff and pupils at the school for their assistance while we managed this incident.
“Officers will be at the school for the rest of the day to provide reassurance.
“We will now carry out enquiries to establish exactly what happened and address any issues around the firearm.”
The school, which caters for 1,200 pupils aged 11-18, remained open and parents were sent texts informing them about the incident.
The message read: “Some parents/carers may have been made aware of police officers being on the school site this morning.
“Although there was an incident, this message is to reassure you that all students and staff are safe and the matter has been dealt with.
“The Police have confirmed that they are happy for the School to remain open.
“The school will not be putting out any further information at this point.”
The school was praised last year after Ofsted ranked the school as being among the best in the country.
Higham Lane ranked first out of 55 schools with a very similar intake of students across the whole of England.
It was rated among the top eight per cent of all secondary educational bases in England, the best in North Warwickshire and joint highest performing state funded school in the whole of Warwickshire.
In total, 82 per cent of Year 11 students achieved five or more A* to C grades, including English and Maths.
A total 93 per cent of students attained grades A* to C in English, with 85 per cent obtaining A* to C in maths.
Of the year group, 28 per cent secured five or more grades at A*-A.
The 15-year-old boy who took a shotgun and ammunition into school was bullied for being overweight, fellow pupils claimed yesterday (Tue).
Dozens of people also took to social media suggesting the gun belonged to his dad.
Higham Lane Secondary School, according to Twitter users, was playing host to around 30 head teachers because of its outstanding achievements when the alarm was raised.
One Twitter user wrote: “On a serious note I remember the kid that's done this from when I went to Higham & I remember him getting bullied and picked on constantly.”
Another user wrote: “Which teacher could p*ss a 15 year old lad off that much to make him steal his dads shot gun???”
A different user said: “Not even funny but downright hilarious that Higham had 30 head teachers visiting today to view what an outstanding school they are.”
One boy who was collected by his father at the school gates yesterday, said: “I know who he (the boy) is. He's been picked on before because of his weight.
“I only heard about what happened when a teacher told us to stay in the classroom. He had the gun in his bag. It's pretty scary to think what might have happened.”
One parent revealed her daughter texted her to say she was sitting next to a boy with a gun in his school bag.
She said: “I only found out when my daughter text me to say she was sat next to a boy who had a gun in his bag.
“I then got a text which seemed like nothing much to worry about, I am really fuming.
“I would have liked the school to be honest and say what had happened.
“At first I thought it was a terrorist incident because of everything that's been happening recently so I think they needed to tell us in a more honest way.”
Another mum said: “There were a lot of scared parents, miles away at work, who were simply being told there was a police incident.
“The school refused to take calls or tell us anything and then we are hearing that a boy walked into the building with a gun and ammo.
“It was awful. All I heard was a kid turned up with a gun, nothing else and nobody would tell us anything.
“They should have known police would mention a gun and make sure their information was more comprehensive.”
Mum Louise Johnson said yesterday : “I am in shock, I think that's probably the only way to describe it.
“I am absolutely dumbfounded, I cannot believe how it got into the school.
“It was only a few weeks ago I was talking to my kids about terrorist incidents and explaining.
“I know that my son was going to see these police officers and think ‘I am going to die'.
“I cannot get to my son and tell him that it's okay, I just want to give my son a hug.”
Highlam Lane School headteacher Phil Kelly said in a statement: “Dear Parents/Carers.
“Further to the earlier message issued by Higham Lane School, we can confirm that an incident took place this morning at the School in which a Higham Lane School pupil was arrested on suspicion of being in possession of a firearm.
“Staff and Police responded promptly, the pupil was quickly isolated and the incident contained to ensure there was no risk to pupils or staff.
“The pupil has been removed from the school site by the police and the police have confirmed that they are happy for the school to remain open as normal.
“We reiterate that the incident was responded to very promptly by staff, who worked effectively with the police.
“The school will not be commenting upon this matter any further at this stage.”
Category: News
This Nendoroid Sombra is out early next year.
She includes two different faces, a skull mark (to stick on other figures), translocator, effects, a gun and some interchangeable hands, including one with a “boop” finger.
Sombra will cost around $40, which is in line with the other Overwatch Nendoroids.
Neighbours of the London apartment building torched in an inferno have sprung into action to help survivors of the fire, donating clothes, food and water and offering shelter.
Churches such as the Roman Catholic St. Francis of Assisi and a nearby mosque are serving as gathering points for donations for those who raced out of the burning building in the middle of the night, fleeing with little else than the clothes in which they slept.
Social media sites have also joined the effort, with some Londoners offering a space on their sofas for those affected by the blaze.
Marco Antoniades, who owns MGA Autos on Latimer Road, says "like in most places in England, people get together and help each other in times like this. That's what we're trying to do."
Officers responding to a number of incidents in Wellingborough over the Bank Holiday weekend have been granted additional stop search powers for a second night.
Between 6pm and midnight today (Wednesday), officers will be able to stop any pedestrian or vehicle without any cause for suspicion, and conduct a search for offensive weapons.
A spokesman for Northants Police said the powers have been granted in light of two recent incidents - reports of a person being seen with a firearm at Irchester Country Park on Monday and a serious assault on a 19-year-old by a gang in Bassett's Park in Wellingborough on Saturday.
The additional powers have been granted under Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994.
It is a power that allows officers to conduct searches without ‘reasonable suspicion' but only when a chief officer believes serious violence could occur.
A police spokesman said the views of the community in the area were sought before the powers were implemented to ensure transparency as part of the best use of stop and search scheme.
The powers were also in force from 9pm yesterday (Tuesday, May 29) and 3am today with good results achieved in that time including a car stopped, a firearm located and seized with three people in custody, cars seized for having no insurance, and a man found in possession of drugs.
The order is in place for the following areas of Wellingborough:
- Inside the perimeter of Northen Way and the A5193 including Gainsborough Drive, Bacon Road and the surrounding areas
- Inside the perimeter of Oxford Street, the A5193 and Westfield Road
- High visibility patrols have also been taking place in Queensway, Kingsway, the Hemmingwell and the Bassett's Park area
For more information about the incident at Irchester Country Park, click here
To read more about the incident at Bassett's Park, click here
The police spokesman said officers are continuing to investigate the incidents that took place over the weekend.
Anyone with information or anyone who witnesses suspicious activity is asked to contact police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
VANCOUVER (miningweekly.com) – A one-day strike by Canadian Pacific Railway engineers and conductors is not expected to have a lasting impact on Canada's mining operations, the Mining Association of Canada (MAC) said on Wednesday.
Members of Teamsters Canada Rail Conference (TCRC) downed tools on Tuesday night following what it believes was the best efforts approach to reach a negotiated settlement.
Advertisement
TSX- and NYSE-listed Canadian Pacific Railway announced on Wednesday that it has reached a tentative four-year agreement with CP conductors and locomotive engineers and a five-year agreement with the Kootenay Valley Railway conductors and locomotive engineers, ending both strikes.
Details of the agreement will be presented to the TCRC membership for ratification, the TCRC which represents about 3 000 engineers and conductors said in a statement.
Advertisement
Full operations are expected to resume on Thursday morning, the union said.
“We believe this is a fair contract that our members can feel good about ratifying. I am personally very satisfied with what we have negotiated,” TCRC president Doug Finnson said. “We have had the discussion that needed to take place. This is a solid step in re-establishing a positive business relationship and moving forward.”
The mining association expressed relief at the news of the tentative four-year agreement and commends the work of federal negotiators and singled out the contribution from the Employment, Workforce Development and Labour Minister Patricia Hajdu. Both the union and Canadian Pacific also acknowledged the minister's intervention.
"The impacts of a one-day strike will be manageable for Canada's mining sector and intervention by the federal government in support of quick resolution avoids harm to Canada's reputation as a reliable exporter," MAC president and CEO Pierre Gratton said in a statement.
A protracted labour dispute would have led to painful rail service disruptions for Canadian mining companies and damaged Canada's reputation as a reliable trading partner, and the national economy, the association noted.
According to MAC's latest ‘Facts & Figures' report, the Canadian mining industry accounts for over 50% of the freight revenues of Canada's rail system yearly. The industry is also a key economic driver for the country having contributed C$58-billion to Canada's gross domestic product, employed directly and indirectly 596 000 workers, and accounted for 19%, or more than C$88-billion of the total overall value of Canada's exports.
Soon after announcing the tentative accord, Canadian Pacific's TSX-quoted equity rose to a new record high, gaining 2.8% to C$247.65 apiece in the afternoon session, before settling somewhat lower at C$245.39 a share at the closing bell.
schoolmates Plaitum play Brighton's Prince Albert on April 24 on the back of the release earlier this month of their debut album Constraint.
The duo comprises former Colchester classmates Matt Canham and Abi Dersiley.
“It's been quite a long time coming,” admits Matt. “We have been best friends for ten years, and then to be getting to the point of talking about the release date for the album, you realise it is soon!
“We were just at school together. We were lumped together in music class at secondary school in deepest, darkest Essex. A lot of people would be messing about in music class because they were not interested, but we were and then we did a lot of gigs together when we were younger. We just both had this upbringing in music. We were bound together by those music lessons and started taking it seriously. We started playing in lots of bands, and then we decided we wanted to make something that we actually wanted to listen to.
“We did our first song as Plaitum in August 2011. We recorded a song in the second half of our GCSE music exam.
“The music is electronic pop really. It is quite dark, very loud, very distorted and very intense. It has its roots in pop music but with big chords and very aggressive instrumentals. Generally, if there is any kind of instrument, it will be Abi. I tend to do all the drum programming and a lot of the synthesiser sounds. We drift across stuff.
“We did that first song and then we did college for two years playing the odd show in our spare time until we got picked up by a record label a few years ago and they said ‘You guys can make something out of this.' They said ‘You have got something that other people will want to hear.' And so we went into the studio to make an album. Most of the songs started in my bedroom in 2015 and then in the early part of last year, we recorded it, and then we finished it late last year.”
Abi is hoping to make a big impact with it: “We have got to do a lot of grinding. I never had a bad feeling about it. I have got a good feeling. It is about a time when we were going through things and wanted to get out and make a connection with music. We were coming out of college and not going to university, and there were periods of thinking ‘What are we doing?' A lot of our friends had gone away and we were sitting there making quite dark music, wondering what we were doing. And there were bad relationships at the time. It was like we were digging a hole in our darkness. Things are a lot better now!”
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1) Make our website your homepage
2) Like our Facebook page
3) Follow us on Twitter
4) Register with us by clicking on 'sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
Always the first with your local news.
Be part of it.
* STOXX ends flat after choppy session
* Investors buy commodity stocks, sell autos
* Citi upgrades continental European stocks
* Syngenta rises after Europe approve Chinese takeover
* Auto index ends at lowest close in 8 weeks (Adds details, closing prices)
By Helen Reid and Danilo Masoni
LONDON/MILAN, April 5 European shares ended little changed on Wednesday, as gains in commodity stocks were offset by weaker autos, but investors remained upbeat about prospects for the region's equities following solid economic data.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index ended at 380 points after moving in an out of positive territory throughout the session. UK's FTSE added 0.1 percent and Germany's DAX slipped 0.5 percent.
Euro zone businesses had their best quarter in six years, construction purchasing managers' indexes showed, with individual countries' data also improving, indicating broad-based growth in economies across Europe.
Though major indexes were little changed after the data, it added to an improving picture for investors looking at European equities.
"It's the most positive economic backdrop that we have seen since Mario Draghi's been head of the ECB," said Mike Bell, global market strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management.
"Investors are not fully pricing in that improvement in economic fundamentals, perhaps understandably because of political concerns," he added, noting caution around the French election. "We think that now is a good opportunity to be buying European equities while others are still fearful."
Draghi has been ECB president since November 2011.
In a further sign of growing confidence, Citi upgraded continental European stocks to overweight, predicting that the STOXX 600 index would rise another 8 percent by year-end.
Meanwhile merger and acquisitions activity continued to drive price action on Wednesday.
Syngenta rose 0.9 percent after ChemChina won conditional EU antitrust approval for its $43 billion bid for the Swiss pesticides and seeds group.
"The approval .. is a big positive for the deal advancing towards closure," said Bernstein analysts in a note.
Danish business support services firm ISS rose 4 percent after agreeing to buy U.S. catering firm Guckenheimer for 1.5 billion Danish crowns ($222 million).
Oil services groups Wood Group rose 2.7 percent after saying it expected about 36 percent more cost savings from its deal to buy Amec Foster Wheeler for 2.2 billion pounds. Amec rose 2.2 percent.
"Wood Group's increase to the synergies estimate from this deal is in line with our expectation that the original $134m target materially underestimated the opportunities for cost savings," said RBC oil services analyst Victoria McCulloch.
Petrofac lagged a positive oil sector, down 3.5 percent after downgrades from Deutsche Bank and Bernstein.
Autos stocks were the worst-performing sector for the second straight day, down 1.1 percent to their lowest closing level in nearly 8 weeks. (Reporting by Danilo Masoni, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
An engaged couple who met and fell in love while playing Xbox online are passing on their passion to their three kids by video gaming with them.
And although their love story is unusual, they're hobby isn't - recent research from Bond University in Queensland and the Interactive Games & Entertainment Association (IGEA) found that 51 per cent of Kiwi parents play video games with their children in the same room and a quarter of families with kids under 18 connect online to play together.
Tarhlia Murray, 28, was introduced to her partner James Kipa, 27, through the party chat function on Xbox in 2012.
She had been playing Call of Duty: Black Ops with a friend she knew in person, who was Kipa's cousin, when he suggested Kipa join their game through the Internet.
Advertisement
"We just hit it off, I suppose," Murray told the Herald on Sunday.
"After a couple of months of him and I'm always playing together we just built a friendship and then a relationship off of that - quite sweet. We fell in love playing the game."
Eight months after "meeting" online they went on their first real-life date.
Now, more than five years later, at their home in Auckland, the pair of Xbox "super fans" enjoy bonding with son Latrell, 7, over gaming.
A gaming family. James Kipa(left) and Tarhlia Murray met have instilled a love of gaming in their three kids Nikau (left on Kipa's lap), Latrell (centre) and Hiria. Photo / Greg Bowker
Although Murray and Kipa's daughters - 2-year-old Hiria and Nikau, 11 months - are too young to join in, they sometimes play on apps on their parents' iPhones.
"They do shapes and colours, ABCs, that kind of stuff," Murray said.
"We give them old Xbox controllers to play with. They pretend that they're playing with us, it's quite cute."
Read more: From hobby to job: Ari 'Shok' Greene-Young, League of Legends pro-gamer
The family have "Sunday Fundays" together playing four-player games on Xbox 360. Other times Murray will play Minecraft or Boggle with Latrell.
"We can communicate and develop our personalities," Murray said of the benefits to gaming with her son.
"Because there's lots of problem-solving you have to anticipate the consequences of your choices. When we game together and he's beside me we can banter together. He's more comfortable talking to me.
"I see him being expressive and creative and he learns new things every time and he comes and tells me about it."
During the school term Latrell is only allowed to play video games at the weekends and once all his homework and chores are done.
After three-hour "stints" of playing he has to take a break. The family will often take a walk, go to the beach or watch a movie together between gaming sessions.
"I'm quite strict like that," Murray said.
"Kids will go on there for 12 hours straight if you're not watching them. You need to set rules and regulations for game time."
She and Kipa also closely monitor Latrell's privacy settings to make sure he can't talk to strangers online and only let him play age appropriate games.
Three weeks ago the World Health Organization identified "gaming disorder", or excessive video gaming that significantly impairs someone in personal, family, social, educational, occupational areas of their life, as a mental health condition.
Read more: 'Gaming disorder' to be an official mental health condition
Murray said although she understood how gaming could become a health hazard if it wasn't moderated, she believed it affected "just a handful" of gamers.
There were many stereotypes about gamers - particularly women or children gamers, she said.
"The preconceptions are definitely there for sure and they annoy me. But I just try to break them."
According to Bond University and IGEA's Digital New Zealand Report 2018, the average Kiwi gamer is 34-years-old and more often than not is a parent.
Of those surveyed 86 per cent of parents said they played video games themselves. That figure was 69 per cent for non-parents.
When asked why they played video games with their children, most parent respondents said they did it to spend time with their kids. A third said it helped them educate their children.
Nearly half of gamers (46 per cent), the study showed, were female. And 44 per cent of people aged 65 or older played video games in some capacity.
Christchurch psychotherapist James Driver, who runs the website Net Addiction NZ to help gaming addicts, said playing video games in the same room as parents or other family members was likely to be healthier for children than playing alone online.
"Anything that helps a family spend more time together is a good thing. But I do think that with many of the online games, the nature of the interactions are not as engaging as other things are.
"If it's in balance - if you're doing other stuff as well as a family that's not a problem. If it's the only thing you're doing as family I would be concerned."
Gaming became unhealthy when gamers of any age started depending on it for emotional regulation or to meet their psychological needs.
If people were also engaging in other activities and hobbies that gave them a chance to be creative and imaginative and develop a sense of competency and achievement, video gaming was unlikely to be an issue, Driver said.
Garda Commissioner Nóirín O'Sullivan has informed the Government that she will not be standing aside to take up a major role with the European Union's law enforcement agency, Europol.
The Irish Times understand Ms O'Sullivan was in the running for a senior position in the area of specialist operations but was unsuccessful in her candidacy due to her lack of experience at a senior management level.
The role sought candidates with up to 15 years of such experience but Ms O'Sullivan has only been commissioner since 2014.
The outcome is likely to see Ms O'Sullivan remaining as commissioner until her contract expires in 2021.
Ms O'Sullivan, who is on a leave of absence from the force until September 4th, is understood to have informed senior Government figures of the outcome in recent days.
The commissioner has faced repeated calls to stand aside after a series of controversies engulfed the force over issues such as inflated drink-driving breath test figures and the handling of whistleblowers.
The Europol job would have required Ms O'Sullivan to depart from her current role in September to take up the new role in November.
Senior Garda figures insisted she was eager to come back to work in September and participate fully in the Charleton Tribunal, which is examining allegations of a smear campaign against whistleblower Sgt Maurice McCabe.
Minister for Justice Charlie Flanagan declined to comment on speculation surrounding her move last week but insisted Ms O'Sullivan would be leading the force on a radical reform programme. Mr Varadkar also declined to discuss the speculation but stressed that she retained the Government's confidence.
Apple has bought Shazam, the maker of a song-recognition app that Apple's digital assistant Siri has already been using to help people identify the music playing on their iPhones.
The companies did not disclose the price of the acquisition announced today.
Technology news site Recode previously reported Apple is paying about US$400 million ($578m) for Shazam, citing three unidentified people familiar with the deal.
Apple issued a statement describing Shazam as "natural fit" with its services.
Advertisement
"We have exciting plans in store, and we look forward to combining with Shazam," Apple said.
The Cupertino, California, company declined to say whether Shazam's app will still be available after the deal closes.
Some of Shazam's features conceivably could be blended into Apple's music streaming services, which has accumulated more than 27 million subscribers since the company created it in 2015.
Siri began drawing upon Shazam's technology to answer questions about songs as part of a 2014 update to the iPhone's operating system.
The Shazam deal marks Apple's biggest acquisition in music since paying US$3 billion for Beats Electronics' line of headphones and music service in 2014.
Digital services have been playing an increasingly important role for Apple as the sales of iPhones — the company's main moneymaker — have slowed. Software and other services generated US$30b in revenue during Apple's last fiscal year, a 23 per cent increase from the previous year.
Shazam was founded in 2002 and made one of the first apps for the iPhone. It has about 250 employees working at its London headquarters and seven other offices in the US, Australia and Germany.
Democratic activist charged with assaulting Zinke staffer
hello
WASHINGTON -- An operative for a political committee that supports Democrats has been charged with assault following a confrontation with a staffer for Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke outside a congressional hearing.
Capitol Police charged Wilfred M. Stark, 49, of Falls Church, Virginia, with simple assault following a confrontation with Heather Swift, a spokeswoman for Zinke. Stark works for American Bridge 21st Century, a group that supports Democratic candidates.
According to a police report, Stark approached Zinke after a House hearing Thursday and started yelling at him. Zinke continued walking out of the hearing room at the Longworth House Office Building and Stark "used his full body to push" Swift as she tried to leave the room, the report said.
Swift told police that Stark had been removed from an elevator two days earlier as he tried to force his way onto an elevator with Zinke and his staff. Swift said she decided to press charges to help obtain a "stay-away order" against Stark, the report said.
In a statement Monday, Swift called the incident "terrifying" and thanked police for their quick response.
"He is a big guy. He came up behind me fast, aggressive and very physical," Swift said. "Who knows what this lunatic was thinking?"
Swift, who also served as Zinke's press secretary when he represented Montana in Congress, said that since joining the Trump administration a year ago, she has received harassing and threatening tweets, emails, phone calls and letters.
"But being physically targeted and assaulted brings it to another level," she said. "This violent action only strengthens my desire to serve my president and my country."
"Democrats claim to support women but they allow their operatives to assault women," she added. "They need to immediately denounce this type of violent behavior."
American Bridge said in a statement Monday that Stark "adamantly denies" the allegations. "We are gathering all the facts and information surrounding this event," the statement said.
Stark was also arrested in October and charged with creating a disturbance during a parade in suburban Virginia. Stark was videotaping GOP gubernatorial candidate Ed Gillespie for ShareBlue Media, an affiliate of American Bridge. He was found not guilty of resisting arrest, but convicted of disorderly conduct, the Fairfax County, Virginia, Times reported.
Stark faces a March 30 hearing in D.C. Superior Court in the current case.
American Bridge, which says it is "committed to holding Republicans accountable," first noted an Interior Department contract worth nearly $139,000 to upgrade three sets of double doors in Zinke's office.
Zinke said at Thursday's hearing that he has negotiated a significantly lower price for the project by "manipulating" contract terms to lower the cost to about $75,000. He did not provide details.
GOOD NEWS: About 90 per cent of premature babies survive and, as medical knowledge improves, that rate keeps increasing.
GOOD NEWS: About 90 per cent of premature babies survive and, as medical knowledge improves, that rate keeps increasing. Paul Braven GLA311215BABY
PREMATURE birth is more common than many people realise, with about 8% of Australian babies considered to be premature.
Pregnancy usually lasts between 38 and 42 weeks, with the average pregnancy being 40 weeks. Any baby born before the 37-week gestational age is considered premature.
Babies born prematurely will not be as developed, but exactly how far along determines the extent of prematurity and, in turn, how much extra medical support they need.
Premature birth symptoms are the same as any other labour, except it's earlier than you expected.
These symptoms include dull lower backache, pressure on the pelvis, swelling of your hands and feet, more than four contractions an hour, nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, eye disturbances, abdominal cramps, baby's movements slowing/stopping and fluid/blood coming out of your vagina.
It's important to note that while these symptoms are linked to labour, they're also linked to other conditions.
Either way, if you experience the symptoms, then you should consult a health professional such as your midwife, doctor or hospital, because it's important to see them as quickly as possible.
Lastly, if you don't feel right, even without symptoms, trust your instincts and consult your health professional.
Premature babies are looked after in the special care nursery, but if a baby is extremely premature and born within 28 weeks gestational age then they need to be cared for in a neonatal intensive care unit. These babies need help with breathing and require extra medical support.
If the baby is close to 37 weeks, they will appear to be a smaller version of a full-term baby, but as their gestational age decreases, their weight and size will also decrease.
At 24 weeks or fewer they will possibly fit snugly in your hand, appear to be exhausted, have fragile and translucent skin and their eyes may still be fused shut.
The good news is that 90% of premature babies survive and, as medical knowledge improves, that rate keeps increasing.
Survival is influenced greatly by how premature the baby is. After only 23 weeks the survival rate is closer to 50%, but it continues to improve with each week of gestation.
Even though the first few weeks are fragile, the majority of premature babies develop normally and those born late preterm generally have no serious health concerns.
While extremely premature babies (28 weeks or fewer) can have some risk of developmental problems, these usually are not severe.
REFERENCE
http://raisingchildren.net.au
NEXT WEEK
Stuttering
HELP AT HAND
As always, if you have further questions about premature birth or any other health issue for your child, chat to your GP or visit our WBHHS child health team at the Margaret Rose Centre, 312 Bourbong St, Bundaberg. Alternatively, call your local WBHHS child health team on:
Bundaberg - 4150 2700
Childers - 4192 1133
Gin Gin - 4157 2222
Gayndah - 4161 3571
Mundubbera - 4161 3571
Monto - 4166 9300
Biggenden - 4127 6400
Eidsvold - 4165 7100
Even if you just want to have a chat and a bit of reassurance, the WBHHS child health team is here to help.
Spending an hour drinking beers with Superman actor Henry Cavill is an experience most would leap at - and one that two Hastings residents enjoyed at the weekend.
But unfortunately for Hastings District Councillor Damon Harvey, he had not realised who he was sharing sips of his Emerson's Pilsner with.
The British actor is in New Zealand filming part of Mission: Impossible 6. Mr Harvey was in the South Island scoping out mountainbiking facilities to improve Hawke's Bay's, with Snow Wilkins managing director Tim Wilkins.
Sunday afternoon saw the three meet at Atlas Beer Cafe near the Queenstown waterfront.
Advertisement
Mr Harvey and Mr Wilkins had befriended a group of film crew at the bar - including two-time Academy Award winning British sound engineer Chris Munro - who bought the pair drinks and invited them out to dinner.
"Then this other person turned up and they introduced [him to us] as 'this is Superman'," Mr Harvey said. "I went 'oh yeah right', I didn't think too much of it".
Read more: Tom Cruise snapped in Queenstown while in New Zealand for Mission: Impossible 6
When one of the crew offered to buy Cavill a drink, he looked to Mr Harvey for a recommendation.
"I said 'this is an Emerson's Pilsner do you want to have a taste of it'. So he had a taste of my beer and he said, 'yep I like that one, I'll have that beer'."
Although it has since been pointed out to Mr Harvey that he shared an ale with the famous actor, at the time he "didn't even click".
× Hastings councillor Damon Harvey Hastings councillor Damon Harvey
Even after spending about an hour drinking, and chatting with Cavill and the crew, Mr Harvey said he did not realise until the group - minus Cavill - moved on to nearby restaurant Public.
He has seen some of Cavill's films, but said he hadn't recognised the actor as he looked different in a beanie, and without the "clean-shaven" look of Superman.
"He was incredibly down to earth and unassuming, you would not have known and that's why I suppose I didn't really click," Mr Harvey said. "He was just one of five of us having a beer and having a chat and no one was making a fuss about him, he just turned up by himself.
"I would have clicked if there were other people asking for a photo with him... but that just didn't happen."
Read more: Superman actor Henry Cavill snapped in Queenstown
Mr Wilkins - of Snow Wilkins Valuer - said he spent about an hour chatting with Cavill, who had "shouted me a beer".
"I knew he was an actor but it didn't phase me, I still treated him the same," he said. "We were just having a couple of beers, he was a very nice guy, and I was giving him a bit of stick.
"If I'd known he was Superman I would have asked him to put his cape on."
Now back in Hawke's Bay, the councillor was still kicking himself over "the lost opportunity of having a good yarn with him".
"It was a pretty surreal experience. Well it wasn't even that, it was actually the fact that I didn't even click it was him," he said.
"I was annoyed because being a journo myself it would have been really cool to... ask a lot of questions about the industry and all of that sort of stuff. It would have been pretty cool."
Although he did not get to question Cavill about the film industry, Mr Harvey was able to probe the crew members over a bottle of Hawke's Bay's own Craggy Range Syrah during dinner, and did not miss the opportunity to invite them to visit the region.
Ella Walker meets the Honeys, aka husband and wife chefs Sarit Packer and Itamar Srulovich, on the release of their third cookbook.
Middle Eastern food has entered the mainstream – who isn't addicted to dredging pitta through craggy mounds of hummus? Who doesn't scatter pomegranate seeds on everything?
But there's more to the cuisine than chickpeas and jewel-like fruits, as you'll know if you've picked up Itamar Srulovich and Sarit Packer's first two cookbooks.
The husband and wife duo, who hail from Israel, run three London stores and restaurants under the banner Honey & Co., but their new cookbook, Honey & Co. At Home, lets loose recipes from their private lives.
It's what the Honeys (as they're affectionately known) are calling a “fluke book”. They were meant to be writing a recipe collection about their deli, Honey & Spice “but when we started collecting the recipes we were interested in,” says Packer, “we were like, ‘This is nothing to do with Honey & Spice, this is to do with us and how we eat, and how we entertain people'.”
Writing it was a process of rediscovery, because, after 15 years in professional kitchens (including a stint with Yotam Ottolenghi) and then launching Honey & Co. there hadn't been much time for home cooking and entertaining.
They'd never even had weekends, and “it takes skill to do a weekend properly,” says Srulovich. “We're getting quite good at them now,” adds Packer. “Our life is starting to get back to normal, and we're spending more time at home and with each other again.”
Sharing that, in recipe form, just made sense. “Spread the joy,” says Packer. “It's just food, it's not patented, it's not magic, it's not rocket science. If we enjoy it, and then someone else makes it and enjoys it – perfect.”
There are the potato and feta fritters drizzled in thyme honey that Srulovich calls his “secret weapon” and the tinned tuna cakes they are forever dipping into their store cupboard to make after a long day.
The book is woven through with stories and memories too, which are inseparable says Packer, “or it is just sustenance”. Srulovich tells of eating grilled anchovies in Greece, of picking figs in the Balearic Islands, and most charmingly, of their two weddings – an elopement to Cyprus, where they got hitched in a town hall above a KFC, and a party back home in Israel. “It was such a disaster,” he recalls happily.
“It was so funny, because the Cyprus one was amazing, very romantic and sweet above the KFC, and then we had to come back and we decided to cook for ourselves for our own party,” says Packer, shaking her head wryly as she remembers spending the celebration in the kitchen and fuses that kept tripping.
“It was very us, like, this is how your life is always going to be; slightly out of place, slightly hiding in the kitchen, always overworked and tired when you shouldn't be,” says Srulovich, descending into laughter. “It's very much the way things continued.”
They both still cook every day, but you're unlikely to find them in their kitchen at home together. “Yep, is the long and short of it,” says Srulovich when asked if it leads to arguments.
Their domestic kitchen is lined with books on garage-like shelving. “There are a lot of light and plants, everything is pretty much on display,” says Packer. There's no fancy equipment, no bizarre gadgets – what they cook at home, even though they're chefs, you can do at home too.
“Usually you learn to cook with someone,” says Srulovich, musing on the whole idea of following a recipe. “Written instructions is reverse engineering, if you know what I mean. Someone cooked this, and you want to recreate it, and this is the set of instructions; so you are in a literal way repeating the actions that someone broke down and wrote down so the result would be the same.
“That's a very intimate thing, because, even with fiction, you will read it, but it will stay contained in your imagination, it's not going to be 3D in your kitchen, in your home.
Lunch at #honeyandspice today A post shared by Honey & Co. (@honeyandco) on May 4, 2018 at 3:02am PDT
“This is why the background, the stories and the culture [behind a recipe] is so important, because you are going to not only make the food that someone made, eat the food that someone ate, but actually do the same things in the same order as someone else, because you trust them to give you nice food at the end of it – that's so incredible to me.”
The Honeys will be spending the summer demoing recipes from the book and appearing at festivals, and then it's back to work with their kids (that's what they call their restaurants) and their Honey & Co. team.
“It is not always clear why you would get up so early in the morning to start smelling like fish or like smoke or lamb. The only people who smell nice at the end of a shift are on pastry – they smell like cakes and sugar and vanilla,” says Packer with a grin. “It has to be fun as well, or no one would do it.”
#honeyandcoathome A post shared by Honey & Co. (@honeyandco) on Jul 2, 2018 at 12:16pm PDT
Honey & Co. At Home: Middle-Eastern Recipes From Our Kitchen by Sarit Packer and Itamar Srulovich, is published by Pavilion Books, priced £26. Photography Patricia Niven. Available July 5.
© Press Association 2018
A killer whale called Wikie has become a star after being taught to "speak". But there is a dark reality behind the feat.
A captive orca named Wikie has been taught to speak certain English words through her blowhole but the experiment has been labelled "tragic" by animal rights activists, said news.com.au.
Housed in an aquarium in Antibes in France, the 16-year-old female whale was trained to be able to mimic words and make fart-like noises, according to a study published on Wednesday in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B.
"I certainly wouldn't have put my name on that study," said Dr Ingrid Visser from the Orca Research Trust in New Zealand. As a marine biologist she has spent much of her life studying orcas and said the research has "no consequence" or benefit to the animal or conservation efforts.
Advertisement
In the experiment, Wikie copies words and phrases such as "hello", "bye", "one, two, three" and the name of her trainer, Amy. A high-pitched and eerie voice uttering the name "Amy" is quite clear in the audio released by the study's researchers.
'That place is a bit of a tragedy'
"Vocal imitation is a hallmark of human spoken language, which, along with other advanced cognitive skills, has fuelled the evolution of human culture," the researchers wrote.
"Comparative evidence has revealed that although the ability to copy sounds from conspecifics is mostly uniquely human among primates, a few distantly related taxa of birds and mammals have also independently evolved this capacity."
It's an interesting, and rather remarkable feat. While the whale's attempts to parrot human language via her blowhole are far from perfect, you can certainly make out what Wikie is trying to say.
But the audio is as striking as it is heartbreaking, and for people like Dr Visser it's a reminder of the cruel conditions Wikie and the 59 other captive orcas in the world are kept in.
She has visited every facility in the world that houses captive killer whales, including the one in Antibes where a couple of years ago she met Wikie and her calf used for the experiment.
"That place is a bit of a tragedy," she told news.com.au. "It is a barren environment for any orca to be kept in and I think it's quite ironic that the (marine park) industry is helping to show that these animals are intelligent yet they don't recognise with that intelligence comes the responsibility of looking after them properly."
The psychologically damaging effects of captivity on killer whales is well understood. Photo / Supplied
The Wikie experiment was conducted in Marineland Aquarium in southern France — the same aquarium that, in 2015, faced criticism after one its killer whales died during flooding.
The whales can often exhibit strange behaviour linked to the stress of captivity.
"The orcas in the Marineland park have atrocious teeth and that comes from chewing on the concrete tanks and steel gates and I saw that happening when I was over there," Dr Visser said.
For her and other conservationists, the study — which received international media attention this week — is another sad reminder of the psychologically damaging effects of captivity on these very intelligent animals.
Orcas are huge and highly social creatures who can travel more than a hundred kilometres a day in the wild and have been recorded diving to depths of up to 700 metres. Yet 60 of them are currently cooped up in small tanks in captivity, deprived of communicating in their natural language.
Orcas have been shown to have their own unique dialect among pods. "They have their own culture as well, it's not just dialect," Dr Visser said.
THE PUSH FOR CHANGE
Wikie was born in captivity and marine parks that house these animals for entertainment often claim whales like Wikie would now struggle to survive in the wild. But Dr Visser says conservationists like her aren't just calling for them all to be dumped into the ocean.
"We're not saying that, what we're saying is that these animals should be viewed on a case-by-case basis and where feasible, and where possible, they should be transitioned through a sanctuary and if possible released back out to the wild," she said.
However many of the remaining aquariums that hold captive killer whales are resistant to such an idea.
Last year France's Marineland vowed to fight a ban on breeding killer whales and dolphins in captivity introduced by the French government — and ultimately, they succeeded.
The ban was overturned this week.
It followed a similar ban in California in 2016 which outlawed the breeding of killer whales in captivity, as well as the circus-like shows that have them performing for crowds. Around the same time SeaWorld vowed to cease breeding orcas in captivity.
Much of the progress in recent years was spurred by the release of the documentary Blackfish in 2013 which showed how killer whales can turn violent and anxious in captivity. However there is no record at all orcas being aggressive to humans in the wild.
"You put it in the framework of where we were pre Blackfish and where we are now, it seems quite glacial but it's actually going at light speed," she said. "There's progress being made."
According to the researchers behind the Wikie study, the results "show that killer whales have evolved the ability to control sound production and qualify as open-ended vocal learners."
The whales in France's facility had some of the worst teeth Dr Visser has seen among orca in captivity. Photo / Supplied
But Dr Visser doesn't think the research is as meaningful as it has been portrayed in media.
"I don't think the animal is talking as the media has picked up on, there is obviously an attempt by the animal to copy," she said.
"We already knew orca were very good mimics from studying them in the wild, so it hasn't really added to our body of knowledge.
"Besides, if they're intelligent enough to do mimicry, then what the hell are we doing keeping them in these concrete tanks?"
Seven new routes will take off from Leeds Bradford Airport this year as airline Ryanair expands its roster.
The upcoming autumn/winter schedule will include twice-weekly flights to Wroclaw in Poland and Murcia in Spain, while the new summer destinations this holiday season will be Bratislava in Slovakia, Girona in Italy, Gran Canaria, Vilnius in Lithuania and Polish capital Warsaw.
The expansion will see the airline grow by eight per cent to offer 17 routes. They expect to carry 1.3 million passengers annually on 55 weekly departures.
Popular services such as the twice-daily Dublin shuttle will remain.
Ryanair's Robin Kiely said:
“We are pleased to launch our 2017 Leeds Bradford Airport winter schedule, our biggest ever, which includes two new routes to Wroclaw and Murcia and 17 routes in total. These new routes will go on sale in February as we continue to grow our Leeds Bradford Airport traffic, tourism and jobs, underlining our commitment to the Yorkshire region."
Wroclaw, the largest city in western Poland, is the fourth Polish route from Leeds Bradford, while Murcia is the gateway to Spanish winter sun resorts such as La Manga, Cartegena and Torrevieja.
--
End
-- Esse Health Tesson Ferry Pediatrics welcomes pediatrician Carolyn Smith, M.D. to its practice. Dr. Smith is seeing patients at the office located at 13303 Tesson Ferry Rd, suite 150 in St. Louis. A photo of Dr. Smith is available at http://www.essehealth.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/IMG_9937-smith.pngDr. Smith is board certified in pediatrics with a particular interest in breastfeeding and infant care. Previously she worked as a pediatric hospitalist at Washington University School of Medicine where she was the medical director of the new born nursery. Dr. Smith is a fellow of the American Academy of Pediatrics and a member of the Academy of Breastfeeding Medicine.Dr. Smith joins board certified pediatricians Matthew Dougherty, M.D., Catherine Remus, M.D., Elizabeth Remus, M.D. and Joseph Schachter, M.D. along with Nurse Practitioner Karen Diehl. Appointments with Dr. Smith can be made by calling 314.842.5239.Esse Health is a St. Louis-based, independent physician group that strives to improve the overall well-being of its patients through patient education, lifestyle modification and prevention. Esse Health's adult and pediatric primary care offices have been awarded Patient-Centered Medical Home (PCMH) 2011 Level 3 recognition by the National Committee on Quality Assurance. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services' Million Hearts Initiative recognized Esse Health as a 2014 Hypertension Control Champion for its success in helping patients control their high blood pressure. With 40 locations throughout the St. Louis and Metro East area, Esse Health's services include asthma, allergy and immunology, family medicine, gastroenterology, internal medicine, nutrition, orthopedics, pediatrics, radiology and urology. Esse Health is a recognized leader in using technology in health care and physician accountability for both quality and cost-of-care. For more information on Esse Health, visit www.essehealth.com
The big shows for the new theater season are set. We'll be singing “Let It Go” from “Frozen,” toasting the wit of Tina Fey in “Mean Girls,” enjoying the charms...
Budgetary debates in the Bundestag are always occasions for the German government to offer general justifications for its policies - and the opposition to take potshots at same. But the atmosphere in the German parliament was particularly contentious on Wednesday after a disagreement over migrant policy threatened for days to split Chancellor Angela Merkel's coalition and bring down the government.
Merkel's speech was thus an opportunity for her to show that her hold upon the reins of power is still firm. The chancellor touted the agreements she brokered last week at the European Council meeting in Brussels, saying that they bridged the varying, and often conflicting, interests of the EU concerning migration.
"How we deal with the migrant question will decide whether Europe continues to exist in the future," Merkel said.
Merkel said that she had stressed the need to better protect Europe's external borders and conclude partnerships with African nations to combat illegal migration.
"Migration is a global problem that requires a global solution," Merkel told the Bundestag deputies.
Merkel is currently negotiating with her junior coalition partners, the Social Democrats, to gain approval of a compromise migrant plan hammered out between her conservative CDU and its Bavarian sister party, the CSU.
Merkel seemed determine to take the heat out of her conflict with her rebellious interior minister Seehofer
A gesture of reconciliation
The centrality of this issue to the success or failure of Merkel's fourth term as chancellor was evident in the fact that she barely spoke of her budget at all. Instead she concentrated on migrants in general and in particular on secondary migration, non-EU migrants moving from one country to another within the European Union for economic reasons or to improve their chances at being granted asylum.
That issue has been the main bone of contention between her and her embattled interior minister Horst Seehofer, the Bavarian conservative who wants to see a much stricter policy. On this score, Merkel proffered an olive branch.
"It cannot be that refugees themselves determine where their applications are processed," Merkel said, citing a deal with Greece that would allow Germany to send migrants back to that Mediterranean country. "There has to be more order to all forms of migration."
Merkel said that she and Seehofer would be holding talks with other EU nations to reach similar agreements. It was a gesture of reconciliation after weeks of conflict with the head of the CSU, in which Seehofer threatened to resign and take his party out of its historical parliamentary voting bloc with the CDU.
At the same time, Merkel cited world-wide declines in military expenditures and the global eradication of diseases as examples both of a general improvement in the human condition and of what can be achieved though international cooperation. She also didn't neglect to mention positive German economic developments such as full state coffers and low unemployment.
Alice Weidel from the anti-immigration AfD accused Merkel of being a "complete failure"
AfD to Merkel: 'Resign'
But if Merkel was trying to sell peace and prosperity, the largest opposition party, the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD), wasn't buying. Before Merkel's speech, AfD joint parliamentary leader Alice Weidel, took direct aim at the chancellor.
Merkel called the deal on migrants a "Pyrrhic victory" and prophesied that the governmental crisis over the issue would continue. She added that the conflict was symptomatic of a general failure on the part of the governement.
"Under your regime Germany has gone from a motor and stability guarantor to a factor for chaos," Weidel said. "How long do you want to continue this spectacle, Mrs. Merkel? You failed everywhere. You've achieved nothing."
The far-right populist concluded by calling upon Merkel to resign..
"You've divided Germany, and you've divided Europe," Weidel said. "Please stand down."
SPD chairwoman Nahles reminded the Bundestag that the coalition agreement still determines government policy
The SPD lays down markers
With SPD approval for the conservative compromise still pending, there was considerable interest in what the Social Democrats would put forward. SPD chairwoman Andrea Nahles said that after a good start, the government had "begun to sputter in the past few weeks." She added that she hoped work on issues other than migrants would resume.
But she also seized the chance to send a couple of barbs in Seehofer's direction. Nahles said that the government "didn't need any master plans" - a reference to Seehofer's long promised but thus far never officially published points for reforming Germany's approach to asylum seekers. She also insisted that the foundation of government policy remained the coalition agreement signed by the CDU-CSU and the SPD in March and not any deals struck between conservatives alone.
"There is no new situation on the migrant issue," Nahles said, adding that the passage of a general law governing integration in Germany would be an SPD "priority."
The SPD will meet with its coalition partners on Thursday in an attempt to reach a common migrant policy and put to the governmental crisis to rest.
The migrant issue has dominated headlines in Germany since 2015
Rest of the opposition not amused by 'chaos'
The chairman of the center-right Free Democratic Party (FDP), Christian Lindner, complained that the government had been preoccupied with the migrant issue since 2015 without arriving at a solution. He also suggested a policy that spanned the mainstream political spectrum in Germany since "this is an issue that's so thorny even within your own parliamentary group."
The other opposition parties criticized the emphasis on migrants to the exclusion of other important political issues and said that the spat between the CDU and CSU had harmed the political system as a whole in Germany.
"What you've done in the past weeks has damaged our democracy and encouraged cynicism toward politics," said Left Party co-chairman Dietmar Bartsch. "The 'C' is your name stands for chaos."
The Greens sounded similar themes.
"You lost sight of the basics," Green Party Joint Parliamentary Leader Toni Hofreiter said. "What you've created is chaos."
Follow Prediction Machine on Twitter @predictmachine
A look at expected NFL points per game for Week 17.
This article originally appeared on PredictionMachine.com
PredictionMachine.com is the leader in sports simulation. Founded in 2009, its advanced statistical technology is able to hypothetically play a game 50,000 times before it's actually been played and after each and every play during the live game (Live ScoreCaster). Using hundreds of inputs down to the smallest factor, the simulation engine (Predictalator) produces proprietary data available for consumers as well as business partners and media. The technology and algorithms built and tested at PredictionMachine.com are amongst the most advanced in the world of sports statistics and simulation.
Follow Prediction Machine on Twitter @predictmachine
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:03 Gun shop owner defends security barriers
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
Rajeev Khandelwal's Prank Goes Wrong
According to Tellychakkar report, "Rajeev played a video message from an anonymous man whose face was blurred. The man in the video said that he was extremely upset with Ragini for leaving him."
Ragini Storms Out Of The Show!
"Ragini was astonished and asked Rajeev to stop the video at once. But Rajeev continued to play it and announced that it was just a prank." The prank didn't go well with the actress and she walked out the sets saying what Rajeev did on national television was not justified!
Ragini Played A Counter-prank On Rajeev!
Although Rajeev tried to persuade her to return to the show, she refused to! To Rajeev and everyone's surprise, Ragini came back and also revealed that she was playing a counter-prank on Rajeev!
Did Ragini Get Work Because She Is Govinda's Bhanji?
In the same episode, Ragini rubbished the rumours that she got work because of her uncle Govinda. She was quoted as saying, "People very easily say that I am Govinda's bhanji and things would have been easy for me to get into the industry but that's not true."
The Actress Clarifies
"He has worked very hard to get where he is today and I have not even done half as much as he has. I have heard of the times when Govinda has even walked all the way from Virar to Juhu to give auditions. But to give you a perspective, Govinda has never pulled in favours for his own children."
‘I Have Worked A Lot To Achieve My Targets'
She further added, "If people feel I got work because of him then they really need to do some research on me. I have worked a lot to achieve my targets. So, despite being Govinda's niece, I had to struggle in the industry, just the way he did years ago."
The Fun of The Festival offers an exhibition looking back over the first five years of the Festival of Chichester.
It features works by Diana Smith who has exhibited at every Festival of Chichester so far.
The exhibition runs in Chichester Library, Tower Street, Chichester from Wednesday, June 27-Thursday, July 12; Monday-Friday, 9am-7pm; Saturday, 9am-5pm; Sundays closed.
In it, Diana – who is married to festival co-ordinator Barry – takes inspiration from performers and audiences she has seen at the festival.
“I can't imagine life without the festival! It has been so fantastic. It is so lovely to see everybody enjoying themselves so much. That's what I enjoy with the painting, being able to show people enjoying themselves and performers giving their best and doing what they are good at.
“Basically, my festival exhibition is what I am doing at the time.
“I started out doing flowers and I have done landscapes, but I have been into figures for the last three years – and now this one is the festival figures, the people that I have seen perform.
“I was quite prolific last year. I must have done quite a few, but some of them are from the earliest days.”
Among them are Barry and Diana's daughter Emily who appeared in a play called The Bear in 2013; also depicted is Zoe Rahman in 2015 and then again with Courtney Pine in 2016.
Also featured are the musicians Victor Ryabchikov, Bogdan Vacarescu and She'Koyokh.
“I start it in situ. I have to do it when I see it. I do the original sketch in situ. I get the idea down on paper and remember the rest in my head.
“I don't like to fiddle around too much at the time and disturb other people, but for She'Koyokh last year, it was in a beautiful open-air setting and I was able to stand at the back and had much more time to do it.
“I never think about it in advance. I just have to be there in the moment.
“I just do a basic sketch for the painting and then when I get it home, I do it in watercolour. Watercolour is easiest for me.
“I have used oils in the past, but they are big.
“You need to have lots of room and lots of space and they are smelly!
“Watercolour is much easier. With oil paints you can do all sorts of things, but watercolours are more unforgiving. You have got to be pretty precise, which is what I like.”
Diana's career was as a graphic designer: “The painting is since I have retired, but professionally I was a graphic designer, and I suppose I do paint in quite a graphic way.
“What I do is very clear. I am not a very wishy-washy person. I always paint or draw with clarity which is a very graphic way of doing it.”
As for the venue, the library is perfect.
“It is a super building. It is listed, and it has got lots of light. And people can't avoid my paintings there! You have got to walk past them!”
Free admission. Disabled access.
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/theatre-and-comedy/get-spooked-on-chichester-ghost-tour-1-8553637
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/arts/michael-jayston-leads-poetry-night-for-festival-of-chichester-1-8553646
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/music/trio-nova-join-the-festival-of-chichester-1-8553625
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/theatre-and-comedy/hamlet-at-the-festival-of-chichester-1-8553621
http://https://www.worthingherald.co.uk/whats-on/music/this-is-elvis-show-marks-50th-anniversary-1-8553643
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/music/kosmos-ensemble-offer-uk-premiere-for-festival-of-chichester-1-8554327
http://https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/arts/resurrected-at-chichester-s-oxmarket-gallery-1-8553653
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/theatre-and-comedy/video-watch-me-and-my-girl-rehearsals-at-chichester-festival-theatre-1-8555100
The survival rate for heart attacks has improved by more than 40 per cent in the last decade according to the latest statistics from the Department of Health.
Heart attacks or acute myocardial infarctions (AMIs) are one of the leading causes of death in Ireland. By 2020 it is expected that 103,000 people will be at risk of a heart attack as a result of coronary heart disease.
Since 2008, the 30-day mortality rate for heart attacks after hospital admission has decreased by 42 per cent. A decade ago, 9.1 out of every 100 heart attacks resulted in death after admission. This dropped to 5.3 per 100 cases in 2017.
Ireland compared favourable to mortality rates in other developed countries- the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) average is 7.5 deaths per 100 admissions, according to 2015 data.
Heart attack mortality rates in Ireland have dropped every year since 2008. However the department noted that mortality rates in one hospital – St Vincent's in Dublin – remains significantly higher than the national average.
St Vincent's had a mortality rate of 8.53 per cent in 2017. The best performing hospital was Our Lady's in Navan, Co Meath, with a 2.12 per cent mortality rate.
The report states a high mortality rate in a particular hospital is not necessarily indicative of poor care practices. It could be explained by several factors such as a local population that is particularly prone to heart disease.
Annual report
The figures are contained in the department's National Healthcare Quality Reporting System annual report, which was released yesterday.
The system examines 35 performance indicators across the health service including vaccination rates and cancer survival rates.
The report notes with concern that far fewer older people are getting flu vaccines. Between 200 and 500 mainly older people die from flu each winter. The HSE aims to vaccinate 75 per cent of over-65-year-olds against flu each year.
Over the last five years, it has never exceeded 60 per cent and in 2017 this dropped to about 54 per cent. The rate has dropped every year since 2014.
Elsewhere the report states the number of eligible women receiving screenings for cervical cancer under the CervicalCheck programme was 79 per cent, slight under the 80 per cent target.
Controversy
The latest figures relate to 2016 and do not take into account the CervicalCheck misdiagnosis controversy that emerged earlier this year.
Survival rates for ischaemic strokes, the most common type of stroke, have increased by 31 per cent since 2008. Survival rates for haemorrhagic strokes improved 5.3 per cent during the same period.
Increasing numbers of women are opting to give birth via Caesarean section, the report shows. In 2016, 32 out of every 100 births were via Caesarean, a figure that has risen every year since 2007.
“There are many possible reasons suggested by the OECD for these increases including reduced risks associated with Caesarean delivery, increasing litigation, increases in first births among older women, and the rise in multiple births resulting from assisted reproduction,” the report says.
Up And Coming International Vacation SpotsThings change fast in the international world of travel. From time to time, there are fairly untouched gems, like Mozambique 15 years ago or Cuba 10 years ago. For very different reasons, Germany, Argentina, the Philippines, and Madagascar are destinations to consider or re-consider for your up-and-coming vacation bucket list.
Wander Minnesota: The Science of PixarThe Science of Pixar at the Science Museum of Minnesota will thrill fans (of all ages) of the legendary animation studio.
Top 5 Vacations For People Who Don't Like Big CitiesGet away from big city life by taking your vacation in five of the best small towns in America
America's 5 Best Rivers For Fly FishingAn introduction to five of America's best fly fishing rivers
ANZAC Day services will be held throughout the Southern Downs next Tuesday.
Commemorative services have seen increased support in recent years and participating in these special services is of great personal importance to Mayor Tracy Dobie, who served in the Australian Army.
"I'm very proud to see the community take the time to commemorate our diggers at Anzac Day services across the region,” Cr Dobie said.
"Anzac Day is a significant time to reflect on the 1915 Gallipoli landing and those brave souls who died in the service of their country.
"However, it is equally important to remember the sacrifices made by servicemen and women who have died during their service in the years since.
"I am honoured to take part in services dedicated to those who demonstrated qualities of endurance, courage and camaraderie, and I would encourage residents to support these events.”
Cr Dobie said numerous other services were organised throughout the region by the Returned Services League, the Veteran Services and Advocacy Services Australia and Southern Downs Regional Council, to enable all community members to select a service that best suits their timetable.
In Warwick, the dawn service will be held at the Leslie Park Cenotaph at 5.20am, a ceremony will be held at the War Graves Cemetery on Wentworth St at 8.45am and at the Eden Gardens Memorial Park on Little Warner St at 9.30am.
For the full list of services planned in Allora, Killarney, Leyburn, Tannymorel, Pratten, Yangan, Emu Vale, Stanthorpe and Wallangarra, go to sdrc.qld.gov.au
"One of the film's leading forces is its stunning visual composition."
Park Chan-wook's latest outing is an intricate amalgam of deceiving, layered storytelling and mesmerising visuals, all bound together by the provocative eroticism at its core. The Handmaiden, similarly to its literary source, Sarah Waters's 2002 novel Fingersmith, presents its story in three parts. Clouding the audience's judgements, as the second and third parts reveal hidden depths and shocking twists on the first, Park puts his puzzle pieces together seamlessly, concluding in a grand finale of treachery, misdirection and heightened emotions.
An exquisite twist on thrilling Victorian tales, the film is set in the 1930s Japanese-occupied Korea. Pickpocket Sook-hee (Kim Tae-ri) is tasked with earning the trust of the wealthy, but naive Japanese Lady Hideko (Kim Min-hee) while posing as her handmaiden, convincing her to fall in love with the suave Count Fujiwara (Ha Jung-woo). Little does the Lady know that the two are plotting to rob her of her wealth, condemning her to life in an asylum. Posing under the name “Tamako”, the handmaiden soon grows fond of the peculiar woman, threatening to collapse their plan in defence of her seeming innocence.
One of the film's leading forces is its stunning visual composition. Early scenes of Sook-he's moderate circumstances are contrasted with the grandeur of Hideko's mansion, a mix between the clean orderliness of Japanese architecture and labyrinth-like western Gothic buildings. The Handmaiden often feels theatrical; its scenes are carefully composed and masterfully acted out in its polished setting, while in moments of peak tension, the drama is often confined to one key location, Lady's private quarters. The roleplay between Hideko and Sook-hee, the former dressing her maid up in her expensive robes is a masterpiece, playing on the erotic tension between the two with its lingering shots, while simultaneously hinting at the Lady's underlying motives.
The blossoming connection between the Lady and the handmaiden misleads with its centrality to the narrative, distorting the viewer's perception of naivety and ulterior motives as the drama progresses. The teasing sensuality swiftly gives place to a more explicit, more provocative eroticism, as the depths of the mansion are unravelled. Foreign architecture stands in as a symbol for the undiscovered; as it opens up, the layers to Hideko's personality, as well as to the extent the grotesque and the erotic underlies the lives of its inhabitants begins to surface. The revelations of the house carry unforeseen consequences, thwarting the drama to reveal the masked depths to the characters' allegiance to one another.
Hideko's figure is the peculiarity of the picture; while the other leads remain consistent in their characterisations throughout, layers to her personality unfold with the drama. Each and every piece is revealed in a perfect, cathartic moment, shifting perspectives swiftly, as her true intentions surface. Her relationship with Sook-hee mirrors her journey, framing this intense, sensual tale of exploits.
Share this with others on... Delicious
Delicious Digg
Digg Facebook
Facebook reddit
reddit StumbleUpon
Reviewed on: 14 Aug 2017
Justin Bieber DM-d A Gym Asking Who Their Hot Employee Was & She Spectacularly Curved Him
Not a lot of people would say no to the Biebs!
Justin Bieber sliding into your work's DMs to ask who you are is pretty much the stuff dreams are made of – but that's exactly what happened to a gym employee from Georgia in the USA… and she spectacularly curved the Biebs!
Jessica Gober went viral after she posted a screenshot of the DM on Twitter – and revealed that the gym account only had 70 followers on Instagram at the time Justin found her video.
She told Buzzfeed, “We got a notification that said Justin Bieber sent you a message and after opening the message we realized it was really him. We were like how in the world did he see this random post. We only had 70 followers and had posted 5 times previous to this.
New @bangenergy limited edition purple guava pear energy drinks are here! Trust us, when we say they're AMAZING! Get yours while they're still in stock! UPDATE: This is a employee and no privacy laws were broken!! A post shared by Fitness On Broughton (@fitnessonbroughton) onAug 9, 2017 at 10:58am PDT
“My boyfriend and family basically think the same thing I do, that it is very random and shocking. The fact that it has gone viral is not anything we would have ever expected! Everyone was definitely surprised that a celebrity reached out asking who I was.”
Jessica obviously got an overwhelming amount of responses to her tweet, with most people shocked that she wasn't really interested in Justin's advances – which led to her posting a series of photos to show how happy she is with her boyfriend.
I've got everything I need right here pic.twitter.com/mET9XXkM8d — Jessi (@jessicagober) August 10, 2017
She explained, “I didn't post the pictures of my boyfriend and because I thought that Justin Bieber wanted to 'get with me', I posted them in response to everyone commenting that I 'ruined my chances with Justin by tweeting the screenshots'. Either way I didn't want a 'chance' because I am perfectly happy with my boyfriend."
It's not the first time Justin's reached out to find a girl on Instagram – he's posted a picture of a girl in the past asking his followers to find her… and of course they duly obliged.
It's fair to say most people were pretty jealous of Jess, who wouldn't like JB to slide in their DMs?!:
IS THIS A JOKE OH MY GOD I AM SO JEALOUS HOLY MOLY JESSI!!!!!! — meg kiep (@MeghanKiep01) August 10, 2017
Yassss girl pic.twitter.com/HsKtPb94tE — Justin Drew Bieber (@arilavbel) August 10, 2017
IT GOES DOWN IN THE DM'S pic.twitter.com/2xswibg7lO — Selena Fetish (@SelenaGotMeLike) August 9, 2017
Ur lucky:(im jealous why does this Never Happen to me? pic.twitter.com/PoKhcTMz7E — jdb (@nikidbieber94) August 10, 2017
Question is, is you gonna leave your bf if he hits you up pic.twitter.com/dg7axmAtIV — Jess (@VXGUEMCCANN) August 9, 2017
LUCKY YOU OH MY GOD — alina (@tasedrew) August 9, 2017
Jessica thinks Justin's advances were all innocent however, explaining, “All of the articles that have been posted have been based only on assumptions. We didn't think Justin Bieber was being creepy, the gym did respond to him on Instagram. I don't think he had any inappropriate intentions by simply asking who I was."
Yep, we're hella jealous. You can slide into our DMs anytime you like, JB!
NOVOKUZNETSK, Russia (AP) — Three months ahead of Russia's presidential election, apathy and disappointment pervade incumbent Vladimir Putin's heartland.
Alexandra Chekh, a retired kindergarten director, voted for Putin the last time around in 2012. Now she wonders if he has anything to offer.
"Change? If he could do it, he would have done it by now," she said. "If nothing gets done, then maybe we will need a new person."
A new person is unlikely — the 65-year-old Putin is the overwhelming favorite in Russia's March 18 presidential vote. But the dim view taken by former supporters such as Chekh is notable in a city like Novokuznetsk, part of the Kemerovo region in southwestern Siberia where Putin tallied 77 percent of the vote in 2012.
Advertisement
The city itself lies 4,500 miles (7,240 kilometers) east of Moscow.
Since that last election, anti-corruption campaigner and adamant Putin foe Alexei Navalny has been able to spread his message far beyond the prosperous and educated urban circles of Moscow and St. Petersburg where his support started. But Navalny is saddled by a fraud and embezzlement conviction — which his supporters view as politically motivated — that will prevent him from running in the presidential race unless he's pardoned or some other dispensation is made.
Navalny is pressing on, nonetheless. On Saturday, several hundred people showed up at his rally in Novokuznetsk, a city of nearly 550,000 people that is home to coal mines, metals plants and soot-smelling air. Some at the rally came without hats or gloves despite the minus -15 Celsius (minus -5 Fahrenheit) temperatures.
Navalny focused on the grievances he has been highlighting throughout the campaign: low pay for state employees, the concentration of wealth in Moscow and the Kremlin's excessive funding for foreign policy forays.
Official statistics show the region's average monthly pay as 31,600 rubles ($532), a little under the Russian average. But Novokuznetsk residents think those figures are inflated by officials. When Navalny asked the crowd how much a nurse makes in Novokuznetsk, they shouted "10,000" or "15,000."
If Putin's 18 years in power have induced apathy and a sense of helplessness among Russian voters, that's the big issue in Navalny's view.
Putin has made voters in industrial cities like Novokuznetsk his base, touting stability as the key achievement of his rule. But these days, finding a fervent Putin supporter on Novokuznetsk's snow-covered streets can be hard.
Of seven residents approached by an AP reporter, only four said they supported Putin. None of them expressed enthusiasm.
A survey by the independent polling agency Levada Center suggests that enthusiasm for Putin is in decline countrywide. It found that 51 percent of those questioned said they were tired of waiting for Putin to bring "positive change," 10 percentage points higher than a year ago.
Through his canny, energetic use of social media and YouTube, Navalny has done an end-run around Russia's state-controlled news media, which is the main source of information for people outside of the country's main cities. Demonstrations called by Navalny this year rattled the Kremlin, not only because of their large turnouts but due to the fact they were taking place in provincial cities throughout the country.
Many of those who showed up at the Novokuznetsk rally say Putin does have support there, but nowhere near as overwhelmingly as the last election figures indicated. The real picture, they say, is distorted by widespread voting fraud.
Navalny told The Associated Press after the rally that he is encouraged by the warm reception he is seeing in Russia's regions. He says that proves support for Putin in the places that habitually give him 80 percent of the vote at the polls is "fiction and falsification."
Navalny's activists all over Russia have been canvassing all year on the streets and going door-to-door to talk to voters, despite threats and intimidation from authorities.
"If we can hold such a big rally here, with all the pressure and intimidation, it means that we enjoy at least significant support here," Navalny said after an hour of posing for photos with rally attendees in Novokuznetsk.
Navalny initially laughed off a question about what is going to happen if authorities — when the presidential campaign officially starts later this month — formally bar him from running.
"(The Kremlin) cannot bar me from running if such a big number of people is supporting me," he declared.
But he later offered a glimpse into his plans.
"If they don't register me, people together with me will not recognize this election and we will boycott this election," he said.
A low presidential turnout is something the Kremlin is very wary about.
Fighting apathy is one of the most common theories behind the surprise presidential bid of socialite-turned-journalist Ksenia Sobchak. The 36-year-old candidate has been mildly critical of Putin but faces none of the obstacles that Navalny's supporters do. Many Russians think her efforts are designed to boost interest in an otherwise bland presidential campaign — a claim that Sobchak absolutely denies.
But Navalny probably does not even need to call for a boycott to bring the turnout even lower, because many residents of the Kemerovo region have already given up on the presidential vote.
Sergei Maslyukov, 40, watched his daughter slide off a mammoth mound of snow on Novokuznetsk's main square. He did not go to Navalny's rally Saturday and has not heard much about the popular activist. He is also disappointed in Putin but sees no viable alternative to the Russian leader.
"The promises he made . he did not make good on them," Maslyukov said. "What promises? Do you think average pay in Russia correlates to the prices? I'm not going to vote for anyone."
Vandals slash 28 tires at Atascadero car dealership
June 14, 2017
Workers arrived at an Atascadero car dealership Sunday morning to find a total of 28 tires slashed on 14 vehicles. The car dealership says the suspects have been identified, but it is unclear if Atascadero police have made any arrests.
Justin Hendrix, the owner of Triple 7 Auto Sales, said three teens under the age of 18 took part in the incident, which occurred around 9 p.m. on Saturday. A post on the car dealership's Facebook page says the suspects are a 7th grade girl and two 9th grade boys, all of whom are locals.
Police have yet to confirm Hendrix's account, but the car dealership owner says he has surveillance footage from his family's business, Triple 7 Auctions, which is located across the street. Surveillance footage shows the teens arrived at the dealership, damaged the cars, left and then came back and caused more damage.
Additionally, a Chevy Cavalier that was parked north of the dealership was also found with two flat tires that appeared to be slashed. Police have not said whether the two incidents are related.
The cars that were vandalized at Triple 7 Auto Sales were insured. The damage totaled $7,000 to $8,000. It could take a week for all of the damaged cars to be back up for sale.
Police said the incident at the car dealership amounts to felony vandalism.
Loading...
Civil Services Examination, is India's one of the finest exams, is highly aspired and aspirants are always in search of right guidance & effective preparation strategy. Chanakya IAS Academy, after successfully organising Live Session with Rishi Raj (AIR 27, CSE 2017) and on huge demand of students, to help them excel in their quest along with the right motivation and support, is organising yet another exclusive Live Streaming session with Abhilash Baranwal, All India Rank 44 in CSE 2017. Civil Services aspirants can catch him live on Chanakya IAS Academy's Official Website, Facebook page and YouTube channel from 11:00 am onwards on July 7th, 2018.
The Academy has been relentlessly working, for 25 successful years, towards guiding students realize their dreams and move ahead with a focused direction, under guidance and direction of Success Guru AK Mishra and his team of Experts. This Live streaming session is being organized on these similar lines, to help students get the right guidance from the one who has already successfully cleared all the stages of this highly competitive Examination. Abhilash Baranwal (AIR 44, CSE 2017), will be addressing students with his preparation strategy for all GS papers along with the optional subject which he chose, i.e., Sociology. The live streaming session will also allow the viewers to write their queries in the comment section, which will be taken up during the question-answer session by Abhilash Baranwal.
When asked about the upcoming Live Streaming with Abhilash Baranwal (AIR 44, CSE 2017), Chanakya IAS Academy's spokesperson said, ‘Civil Services Exam preparation is the toughest stage, where most students fail to get the right strategy and guidance, and this must be looked into, seriously. At Chanakya IAS Academy, we always try to reach a large number of students, with the best industry guidance and motivation from experts, CSE toppers & Success Guru AK Mishra himself. This Live session is one such effort, and we are looking forward to benefiting students from the Abhilash's experiences and relevant guidance. He has been a bright student and has made us all immensely proud. We would like to wish him and all CSE aspirants, a very good luck all the future endeavors.'
BEIRUT (AP) — The Latest on the situation in Syria (all times local):
8:40 p.m.
Turkey says eight of its soldiers were killed near the Syrian Kurdish enclave of Afrin in the deadliest day so far since Ankara's operation there started.
In a statement late on Saturday, the Turkish military says five soldiers were killed after their tank in Syria came under attack. It says the soldiers could not be saved despite all attempts.
Advertisement
Earlier in the day, three Turkish soldiers were killed in the area. The total death toll for Turkish troops since the operation started on Jan. 20 now stands at 13.
The statement says a Syrian Kurdish militia and the Islamic State group carried out the attack, without providing details.
Turkey launched the incursion into Afrin to rout the U.S.-backed Syrian Kurdish militia, which it considers to be a terrorist organization and an extension of Kurdish insurgents fighting within Turkey.
___
7:35 p.m.
The Russian Defense Ministry has confirmed that a Russian Su-25 warplane crashed in Syria and that the pilot was killed in fighting on the ground.
The report on the ministry's Zvezda TV says preliminary information indicates the plane was shot down in Idlib province on Saturday by a portable ground-to-air missile.
The report says the pilot ejected before the crash, but then was killed in fighting with "terrorists." It says the area is under the control of al-Qaida's branch in Syria.
___
7:30 p.m.
A leading international rights group has accused Turkish border guards of shooting at Syrian refugees trying to cross into Turkey and turning back others after they crossed into Turkey.
Human Rights Watch also says in a report published on Saturday that it documented such cases from May until December last year. HRW also says Turkish guards shot at refugees while they were still in Syria, killing 10 people, including a child.
HRW also points to accounts of abuse by detained asylum seekers, including their forced return to Syria and withholding medical care.
Turkey's presidential spokesman says the allegations will be investigated. Ibrahim Kalin said it was "unlikely" Turkish soldiers would shoot at people and pointed to Turkey's open-door policy.
Turkey is hosting nearly 3.5 million Syrians who have fled the ongoing civil war.
___
6:20 p.m.
A Syrian monitoring group and a Syrian militant say a Russian pilot who ejected from his fighter jet after it was shot down in northwestern Syria was killed after landing alive on the ground.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the Russian pilot is dead but had no immediate further details.
A Syrian militant in the area told The Associated Press that the Russian pilot was shot and killed when he resisted capture by opening fire from his pistol on the militants who tried to capture him alive.
Moscow has not confirmed the downing of its plane or the killing of a pilot.
The militant refused to be identified by his real name because was not authorized to speak to the media.
A video circulating on social media shows a dead man with a bloodied face as bearded gunmen stood around him. One of them shouts: "He is Russian."
The authenticity of the video could not be independently confirmed but it corresponds to events reported by the AP.
___
5:45 p.m.
The Turkish military says two of its soldiers have been killed in Syria and a third was killed on the Turkish side of the border in an attack by Syrian Kurdish militiamen.
The military says Saturday's deaths were related to Turkey's operation against the Syrian Kurdish-held enclave of Afrin, codenamed Olive Branch. One of the soldiers was killed when a Turkish tank was hit in Afrin.
A total of eight Turkish soldiers and at least 24 allied Syrian opposition fighters have died so far in Ankara's offensive, which started on Jan. 20.
The Turkish operation aims to clear Afrin of the U.S.-backed Syrian Kurdish militia, known as the People's Protection Units or YPG, which Turkey considers to be a terrorist group and an extension of the Kurdish insurgency within its borders.
Ankara also says it is fighting the Islamic State group in the area.
___
4:50 p.m.
Syrian opposition activists say rebels have shot down a warplane in the country's northwest where government forces and their allies are advancing under the cover of intense airstrikes.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says the warplane was downed on Saturday afternoon near the rebel-held town of Sarqeb, which Syrian troops have been trying to reach under the cover of Russian airstrikes.
The Observatory's chief Rami Abdurrahman says it's possible the warplane could be Russian. He added that the pilot ejected and landed alive on the ground.
The opposition's Aleppo Media Center says it was a Russian-made Su-25 but did not say whether it was Russian. There was no immediate word from Moscow.
___
4:30 p.m.
Turkish presidential spokesman says Turkey will not tolerate the presence of a Syrian Kurdish militia "anywhere" along its southern border, hinting that Ankara might expand its military operation underway in the Syrian enclave of Afrin eastward.
The spokesman, Ibrahim Kalin, said on Saturday that Turkey's first demand is to see the Syrian Kurdish militia — the People's Protection Units or YPG — move east of the Euphrates River and leave the town of Manbij, where American troops backing the Syrian Kurdish fighters are stationed.
Turkey launched an incursion into Syria on Jan. 20 and is currently fighting the YPG in the northwestern enclave of Afrin. It considers the YPG a "terrorist group" and an extension of Kurdish rebels inside Turkey.
Kalin called on the United States to "disengage" from the YPG and said Turkey will continue communications with "our American allies to avoid any confrontation."
Turkey shares a 911-kilometer border with Syria. The YPG controls much of the territory along the border and an uninterrupted strip from Manbij to the Iraqi border.
___
2:20 p.m.
A Syrian monitoring group and the media arm of al-Qaida-linked militants are reporting intense airstrikes on a rebel-held stronghold in Syria's northwest.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported more than 35 airstrikes on Saraqeb since late Friday, adding that many of its residents are fleeing.
The Ibaa News Agency of the al-Qaida-linked Levant Liberation Committee, said Russian and Syrian warplanes and helicopter gunships have been pounding Saraqeb and Tel Mardeekh village in Idlib province since the early hours of Saturday.
Syrian government forces and their allies pushed into Idlib, an opposition stronghold, inching closer to a key highway that connects Syria's two largest cities, Damascus and Aleppo.
The U.N. says more than 270,000 have been displaced in Idlib because of the government onslaught since Dec. 15.
Sir, – Tuesday's Irish Times featured notifications of 24 deaths. I counted three centenarians, five nonagenarians and seven with great-grandchildren.
Does this imply that reading The Irish Times enhances one's longevity? – Yours, etc,
CHARLES DALY,
Abbeyside,
Dungarvan,
Co Waterford.
Discover how big data, GPUs, and deep learning, can enable smarter decisions on making your building more energy-efficient with AI startup, Verdigris. Explore more about AI & Deep Learning: http://nvda.ws/2sbWvNm
This video is via NVIDIA.
Hiring a professional embroidery digitizing company is the most feasible decision one can make
images
Contact
Embpunch
0424201515
support@embpunch.com Embpunch0424201515
End
-- A lot of business owners on the verge of promoting and advertising their products or services prefer their company logo to be embroidered. The design was digitized. Embroidery digitizing is the process of converting existing artwork like a company logo into a stitch file readable by an embroidery machine.With the help of embroidery digitizing software, an experienced and a skilled embroidery digitizer transforms an image or text to stitches. He creates the image in a file format which an embroidery machine can easily read.While there are many embroidery digitizing companies that have been serving customers with good embroidery digitizing services,is one such company that has come a long way from where it all began. They're a top notch embroidery digitizing company in Australia that serves its esteemed clients with superior quality and affordable embroidery digitizing services.Finding the best deal in cheap embroidery digitizing can be quite difficult, but it doesnt have to be. As long as there's EmbPunch, one of the most sought after companies for quality embroidery digitizing, customers don't have to worry about anything. Their artwork is important entity that works best on their embroidery machines. It gives customers high quality products they are looking forward to.Here are a few reasons why hiring EmbPunch is the best bet:Ø Affordable PricesØ Exceptional Design QualityØ Reliable Turnaround Time - 24 hoursØ Dedicated Customer Servicesis a leading embroidery digitizing shop that's consistently been benefiting the customers in every way. In fact, their turnaround time and amazing quality work proves their determination and dedication to providing best of the best embroidery digitizing services. They offer the finest and reasonably priced digitizing on small logos.If any customer has complex logo that they need digitized for their embroidery production, then the experts at EmbPunch will leave no stone unturned in producing a premium quality logo. for more details visit us @ https://www.embpunch.com/
Fire truck crashes on way to fire, driver now in fair condition
RANDOLPH COUNTY — A man was responding to a fire when his fire truck crashed on Saturday around 12:30 p.m.
According to a Missouri State Highway Patrol crash report, Kenneth A. McCune was driving the 2008 Ford F750 Fire Truck when it traveled off the right side of Business Highway 63 eastbound at Renick city limits. The truck hit a culvert and overturned. It hit a sign and threw McCune from the vehicle.
McCune was taken to University Hospital by Randolph County Ambulance.
According to the crash report, McCune was in serious condition, but University Hospital Health Manager Marilyn Henshaw said he was in fair condition around 5:50 p.m.
There were no other vehicles or injuries involved in the crash.
According to the crash report, the vehicle was totaled.
[Editor's note: This story has been updated to reflect the most recent information.]
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Never in the history of the country has a major examination body set a date for national examinations and been incapable of even producing the examination questions, not to talk about the examinations holding. The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) headed by a professor not only failed to hold the Mock Examinations on April 8 in any part of the country, but also failed in all the courses leading to carrying out its sole assignment of conducting admissions into our tertiary institutions.
When I was in my final year in primary school preparing for the First School leaving certificate and admission into post-primary school, the teachers drummed it into our ears the trite that, “Pupils do not plan to fail, but fail to plan” In other words, that adequate preparation is vital for success. This primary lesson, JAMB, under the new management of Professor Is-haq Olarewaju Oloyede, is unable to imbibe.
As it set out to carry out its basic duties to our youths and the country, it failed to think through basic issues and steps. Mixing these with marked arrogance and inability to learn from experience, has been quite costly for the country. The Oloyede team came in eight months ago and went about trying to change things without any deep thought nor care about the consequences.
Our people say when a hen is put in new surroundings, it first puts down a foot, surveys his new environment, before letting the second down; not for the Oloyede team that rushed into places where angels refuse to tread. Oloyede, before the mess he has created became so manifest, had boasted at a public function in the University of Lagos: “We are in a period of change, and what that means is that everything we have been doing must be reviewed. Whatever we have been doing right will have to be reinforced while what we were doing wrong will be changed.”
First, he changed the service providers of JAMB who had been largely effective over the years, replacing them with new ones who could not even transmit questions to examination centres. When Oloyede said “The postponement of the UTME mock examination was due to failure from our technical partner” he did not tell the country that this was largely due to the irrational decisions of his administration.
Secondly, while in the past, prospective students could walk into a bank and purchase a JAMB form, a new procedure was introduced in which the candidate first creates a profile in the JAMB Site, then goes to the bank to pay after which he obtains an e-pin. As it turned out, obtaining an e-pin was very difficult for many candidates.
In a country with poor and low connectivity, it was not unlikely that there could be a congestion in the system. When this happened, and prospective candidates – some who had spent four days trying to register – cried out and begged for an extension of the March 20 –April 19 registration period, Oloyede arrogantly turned down the plea.
This brings me to my third point; that while JAMB in the past, had a three-month registration belt, Oloyode reduced the registration to one month! Common sense should have dictated that with the more cumbersome registration process and an increase in projected number of candidates from 1.4 million two years ago, to two million this year, the registration belt should not have been so tightened.
There are also other registration requirements which should have been reviewed. For instance, prospective candidates are required to have personal phones and personal electronic mail address. If as parents, we discourage our children in boarding houses or in post-primary schools from using or owning phones, why should JAMB make them compulsory? The same for e-mail since this can open them to sites which may not be good for the underage. Given the cumbersome and stressful registration process, the House of Representatives also made a case for an extension which JAMB ignored until it was faced with the backlash of its failure to hold the Mock Examinations. In all these, I wonder whether JAMB is putting into consideration the rural areas which lack connectivity and where electricity supply, maybe a rarity. Are prospective JAMB candidates from such rural areas not already subjected to an obstacle course far more challenging than their counterparts in the urban centres?
An incident made me reflect on the ability of Oloyede to read a situation. In the midst of the confusion, stress, frustration and anger of the prospective candidates – with many pushing themselves in barely organized queues – he chooses to carry out an ‘inspection' of the mess his administration had created. I wonder what would have happened if the frustrated youths had decided to confront him.
I had the same feeling when as Vice Chancellor of the University of Ilorin, rather than solve the academics-administration crises created by his predecessor, he dived headlong into it. Consequently, he spent his tenure fighting battles he had not initiated.
I had cause two years ago to criticize JAMB under Professor Jibu Ojerinde, but it was not for marked incompetence. Rather, it was due to moves to railroad candidates into private universities. I had also argued that the country has no need for a central admission body. I still hold the view that tertiary institutions whether owned by the Federal or State governments or privately- owned, should conduct their own admission.
There is a sense Oloyede should not be blamed; his predecessor, Ojerinde is a professor of Tests and Measurement and Education Management coupled with many years experience; so in JAMB, he seemed a round peg in a round role. I have gone through the profile of Oloyede; he attended an Arabic Training Centre before proceeding to the University of Ibadan where he did a certificate course in Arabic and Islamic Studies. He then went to the University of Ilorin in 1978 where he has virtually spent all his life. There he got his first degree in Arabic Studies and doctorate in Islamic Studies rising to be the institution's Vice Chancellor. To make Oloyede a round peg in JAMB, his square sides would need to be trimmed or chiseled; he also has to help himself by being reflective and more engaging than being haughty. Those responsible for appointing Oloyede the JAMB Registrar, including Education Minister, Malam Adamu Adamu, also have a duty to ensure he performs, because his failure may have disastrous consequences for our youths and country.
Two of the world's best-known charities – the UN refugee agency UNHCR and Save the Children UK – are owed more than €500,000 by the collapsed Dublin online charity donation platform Ammado.
UNHCR said that it was still reviewing funds raised by Pembroke Dynamic Internet Services, the platform's Irish technology company put into liquidation last week, but that initial estimates show that it is missing a single corporate donation of $500,000 (€402,000).
“We are currently reviewing all remittances and fundraising activity on the platform,” said a spokesman for the United Nations agency.
Save the Children UK said that it is owed £103,852 (€118,000) following the winding-up of Pembroke.
“We will be using our best endeavours to ensure all outstanding monies are recovered,” it said.
The High Court heard this week that Pembroke failed to pass on €3.8 million collected online for charities and that the company's liquidator believes that this money was misappropriated for the company's day-to-day operations and for the personal use of Pembroke's managing director Peter Conlon.
Arrested
Mr Conlon (63), a technology entrepreneur, was arrested by the Swiss authorities at Zurich Airport on December 22nd last and has been remanded in custody since then on suspicion of embezzlement.
Calls to the Co Leitrim businessman's lawyer in Switzerland, where Mr Conlon has been living in recent years, were not returned yesterday.
The UNHCR spokesman said that the agency, which raised €800,000 through Ammado in 2015 and 2016, had to contact the company on many occasions about the unpaid $500,000 corporate donation.
“We were given assurances that there were just technicalities that needed to be overcome. These discussions continued in 2017,” he said.
The agency advised its national offices to stop taking funds from Ammado last year because of the delays in being paid.
Zurich's office of public prosecutions is carrying out a criminal investigation into Ammado after the International Federation of the Red Cross made a complaint in September 2017 over the failure to pass on €1.6 million donated to the charity via the platform.
The Red Cross raised €9.5 million through Ammado between 2012 and 2016 but warned its national charities to stop using the Dublin company in April 2017 after it failed to make a scheduled payment.
Shelf company
Pembroke's liquidator, Myles Kirby of Dublin accountancy firm Kirby Healy, told the High Court this week that last year Mr Conlon started transferring assets into a former shelf company, Ammado Technology, after the Revenue Commissioners tried to wind up the company in September 2017.
“Have we moved all registrations etc into AT,” he wrote in an email in early November. “The Revenue are really pushing it.”
Save the Children Switzerland told a Swiss newspaper that it was warned about Ammado and stopped working with the platform, losing only a small amount of money.
“But when it comes to trust, the damage is serious,” said spokesman Andreas Stauffer.
Ammado made headlines in Switzerland in November 2017 when a consumer programme on Swiss public radio broadcast a report about the platform's failure to pay 9,000 Swiss francs (€8,000) raised by a marathon runner to a charity for sick children.
Mr Conlon denied that Ammado had any financial problems in an interview with the programme. He said that the company was in fact expanding in London and seeking 15 new employees.
The platform made money by deducting a 5 per cent fee from the charitable money raised. The donations were also subject to a 2.5 per cent bank processing charge.
MOSCOW, April 5 Russian energy company Rosneft and state-controlled diamond miner Alrosa have started direct foreign exchange operations on the Moscow Exchange, potentially leading to lower rouble volatility.
Russian companies normally trade currencies on the exchange via commercial banks or brokerages, paying commission on the transactions. But large companies got the option to trade directly since January, in a move aimed at boosting liquidity on the exchange.
"The number of participants will increase.. This is positive and can lower volatility, as well as narrow spreads between currency purchases and sales," Alexander Polonsky, deputy head of the monetary policy department at the central bank, told reporters on Wednesday.
Both Rosneft and Alrosa have sold several tens of millions of dollars directly via the Moscow Exchange (MOEX) on Tuesday, Igor Marich, managing director of the money and derivatives market at MOEX, said.
Rosneft had promised the exchange a "stable" flow of direct forex operations, Marich told reporters.
Referring to Rosneft, MOEX said in a statement that direct access to forex operations would allow the company to more effectively manage its liquidity.
Alrosa plans to conduct up to 50 percent of its all currency operations via the new tool, amounting to $150-$200 million a month, Interfax reported on Wednesday.
Rosneft did not respond to Reuters request on exact volumes.
(Additional reporting by Olesya Astakhova; writing by Katya Golubkova; editing by Sujata Rao)
New Zealand's future in the A-League may now rest in the hands of an Australian with the Wellington Phoenix's announcement of former Sydney FC captain Mark Rudan as the new coach.
It's been more than three months since they rid themselves of Darije Kalezic, but the Phoenix are confident that they've got the right man.
Rudan is confident too.
"Why Wellington? It's a challenge - love a challenge," he said.
Enshrined across the Tasman as an A-League winning skipper - Rudan can't wait to get stuck into his new job.
"I'm a winner, I hate losing. I'll tell you that right now.
"And the players will find that out very quickly. And there are some fantastic players there. Fantastic players who can win the game at a drop of the hat."
Both on and off the field, Rudan isn't shying away from the Phoenix's need to change either.
"There will be certain non-negotiables along the way, but at the same time it's not a dictatorship."
And for the fans who may feel like the last few weeks have been an emotional rollercoaster, he had this to say.
"Well you've got a coach now! And I hope that you not just get behind the coach and the players but the club. It's very important.
"And they've gone through some dark times. I hope that there's a ray of sunshine there for the fans."
IF you didn't notice, even the Liberal Party and other Yellow leaders didn't profusely congratulate the jailed Sen. Leila de Lima for her inclusion by Fortune magazine in its 2018 list of “50 World's Greatest Leaders.”
I guess even they felt that the award was so bizarre, so over the top in the magazine's attempt to paint her as the Philippine version of Myanmar's Aung San Suu Kyi, that it was embarrassing.
I don't think even Yellow leaders Benigno Aquino and Mar Roxas would say that De Lima ranks with such personalities in the 2018 list as Bill and Melinda Gates (the biggest philanthropists of all time), French President Emmanuel Macron, and tennis champion Serena Williams. Why, De Lima at the 39th slot even outranks SpaceX president Gwynne Shotwell (42nd) and Ana Botin (46th), the first female to head a world-class bank. If you still don't realize how perplexing de Lima's inclusion in the list is, past members of this super-elite list (started in 2014) were Pope Francis (for two years), Germany's Angela Merkel, and Chinese leader Xi Jinping, who is assuming the stature of the titan Mao Zedong.
C'mon, I don't think there's anybody who would even objectively put De Lima in a list of 100,000 greatest leaders of the world. She couldn't even influence her lover, her driver Ronnie Dayan, not to testify against her. Who is she leading?
Fortune's explanation on why De Lima landed in its list is so grossly inaccurate it boggles the mind:
“President Rodrigo Duterte's hardline policies against drug dealers are polarizing globally, but in the Philippines they've faced little dissent. De Lima, who headed a committee investigating hundreds of extrajudicial killings under Duterte's leadership, has been a noble exception. Last February she was arrested and jailed for as-yet-untried crimes, but imprisonment hasn't stopped the firebrand from continuing to speak out publicly.”
Huge lies
How can a purportedly world-class media outfit print such huge lies?
If the committee it mentioned was the Commission on Human Rights that De Lima headed during President Arroyo's administration, it did investigate the alleged “death squads” of Davao City. Its report though was inconclusive, and didn't accuse Duterte of anything. It merely asked the justice department to further investigate the allegations.
If the committee was the Senate committee on justice that De Lima had headed, it was her colleagues in the 2016 senatorial elections, Senators Sherwin Gatchalian, and Joel Villanueva, Senator Grace Poe who ran against Duterte in that election, and nearly all of its members, who voted to remove her as its chairman. Gatchalian very aptly explained why: She was making the committee “a hollow vehicle for the fulfillment of personal political vendettas.”
That committee when it was co-chaired by the independent senators Richard Gordon and Panfilo Lacson concluded after six hearings that “there is no sufficient evidence to prove Duterte's administration is sponsoring summary killings” in the country.
“Arrested and jailed for as yet-untried-crimes”?
It was De lima who delayed the trial against her by filing a case at the Supreme Court that she should be tried not by the regular courts but by the Sandiganbayan. That was a preposterous claim, intended to delay a trial. Any college student would know that since the charges against her were for her involvement in the illegal drug trade, it is a regular court that will try her. The Sandiganbayan is a special court that tries cases of government corruption.
Eight months after De Lima filed the case at the Supreme Court, it threw it out October last year. But she filed another petition asking to change its decision. The Court, after a thorough review, upheld its decision last week. Yet Fortune claims that De Lima is in jail without trial?
Fortune doesn't even mention that De Lima is in jail on horrendous illegal-drug charges. One of these would be shocking to Westerners: The Bilibid prison, purportedly the country's high-security prison where the most terrible criminals are jailed, had been transformed when it was under De Lima's supervision as justice secretary, into a command and even distribution center of drug lords who had been serving time there.
Bilibid Hilton
And the charges against her aren't just for command responsibility for this. Witnesses, which included her lover Dayan and the former head of the prison, testified that she was getting huge amounts of bribes so she would allow the national penitentiary to be a command center of drug lords. These criminals were even allowed to construct hotel-like facilities where they lived, that the prison had been dubbed the Bilibid Hilton.
The shocking details of De Lima's involvement were even televised in the hearings by the House of Representatives justice committee which heard hour upon hour of testimony from more than 30 witnesses, which even included the former head of the prison and the drug lords themselves.
I am belaboring the point: Not by any stretch of the imagination is there an iota of truth in Fortune's portrayal of De Lima as a “prisoner of conscience,” much less than among the world's greatest leaders for 2018. Even her colleagues at the Liberal Party have started to ignore her that no leader of the opposition has even visited her in the past several months.
But there is reason for Fortune's madness in including her in its list of world leaders. The bizarre award, just like the Pulitzer Prize recently given to Reuters' extremely biased series on “Duterte's War,” is part of the US media's heightened campaign—helped by the Yellow Cultists and especially by a New York-based Filipino-American tycoon—to bring down this President, by portraying him to the world as a mass murderer.
Over-used narrative
It is an old, over-used narrative that the American media has often deployed that it is so transparent: A persecuted woman who boldly defies a strongman, as in the case of Cory Aquino or Aung San Suu Kyi, both of whom ironically turned out to be worse in terms of adherence to human rights than the dictators they brought down.
Why would US media do that? Partly because of its mindset that it is the world's champion of human rights, and after Duterte was tagged as violator, it ignores whatever proof presented that he is not. Media as anywhere in the world delights in fighting a perceived evil-doer, and they believe US journalists are infallible.
There is though a more important reason: Duterte is the first ever Philippine president to defy the US which has been the country's master for decades. He is bringing the country closer to the emerging superpower, China, which the US perceives as its biggest competitor, and even enemy in the coming decades. He is moving in his own way to weaken US hegemony in the world, and to usher in a multi-polar world.
The US' Deep State just cannot allow that, especially as other nations may just follow Duterte's precedent.
Email: tiglao.manilatimes@gmail.com
Facebook: Rigoberto Tiglao
Twitter: @bobitiglao
Dear Cal Poly College Republicans,
Enlighten us, please. Why bring the hateful, divisive Milo Yiannopoulos back for a return visit ... especially now?
Haven't the past couple of weeks been gut-wrenching enough for Cal Poly, what with the string of ugly incidents — including a white frat member appearing in blackface and despicable, racist fliers left on campus?
Granted, Milo's invitation was extended before those events, but it could have been rescinded. That's what a UCLA Republican club did when it decided it couldn't quite stomach being associated with his topic: “Ten Things I Hate About Mexico.”
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
And that's what the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) did after a taped interview surfaced, in which Yiannopoulos appeared to defend pedophilia.
Given what Cal Poly — and especially students of color — are going through right now, you could have listened to your better angels and decided that maybe it's not such a great idea to bring Milo back after all.
But being staunch champions of free speech — and, we suspect, unable to resist the impulse to “trigger” the snowflakes — you're bringing Milo back, to speak on the subject of “fake news.”
We agree, Yiannopoulos does have the First Amendment right to speak on a public school campus and spew his venom.
SHARE COPY LINK At its height, about 150 people came to protest the Milo Yiannopoulos' show at Cal Poly in San Luis Obispo on Tuesday, January 31, 2017. They carried signs proclaiming “No Trump, No Milo,” and “Good Night, Alt-Right.” Joe JohnstonThe Tribune
Some examples: All Muslims should be expelled from the West. Feminisim is cancer. Cultural appropriation is great. Native Americans should have spent less time “doing powwows” and “more time inventing guns ... or the wheel.”
But here's the thing: Like elections, free speech has consequences. (Just ask the student who appeared in blackface.)
So, we ask you, College Republicans, are you willing to take responsibility for the consequences of Milo's visit, including the possibility of violence, further damage to the university's reputation, and sticking taxpayers with a hefty bill for security?
The university and the city of San Luis Obispo plan for a massive law enforcement presence, similar to what we saw when Yiannopoulos spoke at Poly in January 2017. More than 100 police officers, including SWAT and riot police, were there to quell a potential melee, which never materialized. At the height on the anti-Milo demonstration, there were no more than 150 protesters.
Even so, it's smart for Cal Poly to again take a better-safe-than-sorry approach, given what's happened on other campuses. At the University of Washington, for example, a protester was shot in the abdomen during a demonstration outside a Yiannopoulos speech last year by a woman who came armed with a gun. Her husband carried pepper spray.
The couple were later criminally charged; prosecutors said they attended the protest for the express purpose of intending to goad demonstrators. According to the charging document, the man, Marc Hokoana, had messaged a friend on Facebook, stating, “I can't wait for tomorrow. I'm going to the milo event and if the snowflakes get out off hand I'm going to wade through their ranks and start cracking skulls.”
We wonder, Cal Poly College Republicans, did you consider what could happen here if goons from either the far left or the far right show up to “crack skulls”?
For your sakes — and for the entire community — we hope that doesn't happen. We hope any protests that do occur are peaceful, and that a good number of people will choose to simply ignore Yiannopoulos — whether they attend a community potluck, as SLO Mayor Heidi Harmon suggests, or sit home with Netflix and a bowl of popcorn.
Who knows? Deprived of the attention he craves, maybe Milo will quickly fade into irrelevance and you, College Republicans, will step up to the challenge of sponsoring events that will actually benefit the entire community.
For starters, College Republicans, instead of bringing obnoxious, bigoted blowhards to campus, how about finding a smart, reasonable speaker — someone whose presence won't require the university to spend $50,000 on extra security?
The Goleta West Sanitary District is planning a rate increase for its 6,000 customers as it prepares for two big infrastructure projects. The rate hike, which is proposed for August, would be the district's first since 1994.
The special district has been subsidizing rates with property taxes for decades and also receives money from connection and inspection fees. It built up a $28-million reserve by 2009 in anticipation of paying into the Goleta Sanitary District wastewater treatment plant upgrade, which multiple districts use.
Goleta West's share, which has already been paid out of reserves, was about $16 million, general manager Mark Nation told Noozhawk. He said the district's Board of Directors wanted to wait for a final upgrade project cost — bids came in far below the estimate — before moving forward with a rate increase.
That cost brought reserves down to about $16 million, and the district has plans for two big pipeline projects that will spend $13 million of that, Nation said. The first, moving a pipeline to Mesa Road on the UC Santa Barbara campus from nearby wetlands, will cost $8.5 million and start construction next summer, he said.
“We've had it on the radar for a long time, that we're going to have to increase rates at some point,” Nation said.
Rates would increase incrementally over six years for all customers to cover higher operating costs and capital improvements. The district expects its treatment costs to increase 10 percent once the upgraded plant is online.
The annual flat rate for residential units would increase to $181 from $168 starting Aug. 1 and to $287 per year in 2019, which is an increase of about $10 per month.
Commercial and nonresidential classifications will also see increases, with a change in the number of gallons included for one Equivalent Residential Unit price, down to 74,600 gallons from the current 80,300 gallons.
The board cannot even consider a rate increase if a majority of property-owner customers — 50 percent plus one, or around 3,000 people — submits written protest letters. Nation said the district has received about 20 letters so far. The letters must be mailed or hand-delivered, and must be received by the July 16 board meeting.
“Nobody likes an increase, obviously, and we wish we didn't have to increase rates at all, but we think it's as soft a landing as we can make it,” Nation said.
The City of Goleta, which is served by both the Goleta and Goleta West sanitary districts with differences in user-rate fees, tried to detach from Goleta West and claim the special district's tax revenues and reserves. To make the change worth it, however, the city's revenue-neutrality agreement with Santa Barbara County would have to be renegotiated. It wasn't, so the city withdrew the application in November 2010.
Throughout the debate, Goleta West argued against detachment and said rates would increase twice as much if the proposal went through.
Even with the August rate increases, Goleta West Sanitary District would have the lowest rates of any sanitary district in Santa Barbara County, Nation said.
According to a sewer rate survey Goleta West commissioned, the annual rate of $181 for residential customers would be the lowest rate in the county. The highest is the Montecito Sanitary District, with an annual rate of $1,080, closely followed by the Summerland Sanitary District with annual fees of $909.84, the survey found.
Unlike other districts, however, Goleta West receives property taxes, and got $1.6 million in revenues last year.
All written protests against the proposed rate increases must include a description of the property — the address or parcel number — along with the name and signature of the property owner. All protests can be mailed to Goleta West Sanitary District, Attention: Secretary, at P.O. Box 4, Goleta 93116 or delivered in person to the district office at UCSB Campus Lot 32 behind the UCSB police station.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
If you've long dreamt of the day that a virtual babysitter could sing your child back to sleep after waking up in the middle of the night, you may have heard about toymaker Mattel's Echo-like smart speaker project: the Aristotle.
While the device was initially designed to serve as a digital assistant/AI babysitter hybrid, the project has now been cancelled entirely. This decision comes as a result of public outcry regarding the device's alleged "privacy infringing" data collection functionality and the potential impact an AI babysitter could have on a child's psychology long-term.
Both of these concerns (and more) were raised via a petition created by nonprofit child-advocacy group Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood. The petition, which was addressed to Mattel CEO Margaret Georgiadis, managed to garner over 15,000 signatures in a relatively short period of time.
The following petition excerpt details the bulk of the organization's concerns with the Aristotle:
Aristotle will make sensitive information about children available to countless third parties, leaving kids and families vulnerable to marketers, hackers, and other malicious actors. Aristotle also attempts to replace the care, judgment, and companionship of loving family members with faux nurturing and conversation from a robot designed to sell products and build brand loyalty.
Whether or not these concerns were well founded, and with the device's production halted entirely we may never know. Such an abrupt end to the device's development (and the backlash that preceded it) could certainly deter other companies from trying to create similar products in the future.
The device would have been capable of a number of childcare-related tasks, including the telling of bedtime stories, educational content, homework assistance and the ability to intelligently sing soothing lullabies as a response to late-night outbursts. The Aristotle would also have acted as a baby monitor, providing audio-visual feedback to parents via its connected camera.
Media Contact
Wow Marketing
0528005521
***@wowmarketing.me Wow Marketing0528005521
End
-- Ankur and Priyanka Modi, a truly dynamic team have propelled their labelinto a serious fashion force.Increasingly known for their eloquent designs which represent impeccable style and uber femininity, they are self-confessed worshippers of quality. They are keenly focused on wearability, comfort, and style. Fabrics are elegantly tailored using pure and woven materials. They also use handicraft (old methods of printing and embroidery stitches), yet making their garments extremely contemporary and understated. Their style speaks of soft grace, confident subtlety & inherited class.AM:PM has steadily and surely been building its brand across the major cities in India, retailing out of 14 exclusive brand outlets, multiple designer boutiques and online stores and now they are all set to take Dubai with a storm.They are bringing to Dubai a collection of supremely wardrobe-worthy designs made of pure fabrics, fresh colors and chic silhouettes brewed with subtle prints, surprising embellishments and passionate attention to detail.
World Elder Abuse Awareness Day, June 15: Protect Yourself From Scans
There are many scams out there than can ensnare even savvy consumers. Many are designed specifically to target seniors. Scammers are professional liars and can be very convincing. They may contact you through the mail, email, social media, on-line dating sites, on the phone, or even in public. This guide will help you learn to recognize common warning signs of scams and simple steps that you can take to protect yourself.
Is It A Scam?
1. Is the sales person using high pressure sales tactics? Scams often say things like, “Act Now!”; “Time is running out!”; “This is a onetime offer!”
2. Are you being asked to pay upfront fees? Lottery and sweepstakes scams often employ this tactic. If you really won something the fees can be taken out of your winnings.
3. Are you being told that you won a contest that you didn't enter? Lottery and sweepstakes scams almost always start this way. You can't win a contest that you didn't enter.
4. Have you been scammed in the past? Often scam victims have their personal contact information sold to other con artists. You may get unsolicited calls from people promising to get your money back or provide other remedies or offers. These ‘offers' can be scams too. Beware!
5. Did you receive unsolicited mail, emails, or phone calls for services that you were not seeking? Research the companies that you want to employ. Many scams begin with someone knocking on your door offering services, or sending out promotional materials. This often happens in the case of home repair scams.
6. Are you being contacted by the police over the phone? Verify that they are who they say they are. Some scams begin with a person pretending to be a police officer who tells you that they are concerned that you have been a victim of a crime. They then proceed to solicit your personal information. In truth, the police will contact you in person if they have questions for you or believe that you have been a victim of a crime.
How To Protect Yourself
1. Sign up for the Do Not Call Registry at www.donotcall.gov.
2. When no longer needed, shred junk mail, old bills, bank statements and any other documents that have personal identifying information.
3. Don't give out personal information over the phone unless you originated the call and you know with whom you are talking. Particularly safeguard your social security number.
4. It is ok to be rude. If a sales person calls you or comes to your door who does not seem to be taking no for an answer, it is ok to terminate the conversation. Hang up the phone or close the door. You don't have to let yourself be pressured into anything.
5. Never sign something that you don't understand. Have a trusted and unbiased professional assist you when enter contracts or signing legal documents.
6. If you hire someone for personal assistance services, in home care services, etc. ensure that they have been properly screened with criminal background checks completed.
7. Learn about scams and stay informed.
– Sign up for AARP's Fraud Watch: http://action.aarp.org/site/SPageNavigator/FWN Registration Page.html
– Check out AARP's interactive national fraud map: http://action.aarp.org/site/PageNavigator/FraudMap.html
– Consumer Financial Protection Bureau offers information and tools for older Americans:
www.consumerfinance.gov/older-americans
– The Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force offers resources and reports to help protect yourself against common types of frauds and scams: www.stopfraud.gov/protect.html
– Stay alert to common frauds and scams by checking consumer protection sites such as www.Fraud.org
– External Web Site Policy and FBI Common Fraud Schemes: www.fbi.gov/scams-and-safety/common-fraud-schemes
A Public Service Announcement Courtesy of Cedar Valley Bank & Trust
In Skype for Business Server 2015, server roles perform specific functions. For example, the Front End Server provides instant messaging (IM) and presence, web conferencing, user authentication, and so forth. Edge Server enables remote workers to access instant messaging, presence, audio/video (A/V), and web conferencing without using a virtual private network (VPN).
Federation allows organizations to communicate with each other with the following modalities: IM and presence, web conferencing, A/V, and desktop sharing. To establish federation each organization must contain an Edge Server in their respective organization. The type of federation varies from organization to organization. In this article we explore automatic discovery open federation; which means both organizations have the necessary public DNS records.
As Skype for Business Server 2015 deployments with multiple Edge Servers in different geographic locations become more common, it's import for administrators to understand the paths that protocols follow in various user scenarios—especially remote-to-federation scenarios. This article explores the Audio/Video traffic flows when two federated Skype users in different organizations, initiate a call to each other using Skype 2015.
A Consolidated Edge Server delivers the following services:
Access Edge service: Manages SIP traffic signaling and instant messaging.
Web Conferencing Edge service: The Persistent Shared Object Model (PSOM) protocol enables conferences.
Audio/Video Edge service: The Simple Traversal of UDP through NAT (STUN)/Traversal Using Relay NAT (TURN) protocols traverse firewalls and NATs.
Sample Edge Server Environment
In this Edge Server environment, Contoso has data centers deployed in Redmond and Singapore. Each office is considered the primary user location for its region. Each location has a deployed and functional Skype for Business Server 2015 pool.
Contoso's data centers in Redmond and Singapore both contain a Skype for Business Server 2015 pool with an Edge Server deployed in the perimeter network. The Edge Server topology allows remote users in Redmond and Singapore to collaborate with internal users in either pool with all modalities—IM and presence, conferencing, application sharing, and A/V. Remote traffic is kept regionalized whenever possible. Contoso is open federated; this allows users to find contacts in other organizations and to communicate with them.
Litware also has Skype for Business Server 2015 deployed with an Edge Server in the perimeter network. Litware is also automatic discovery which allows its users to find contacts in other organizations and to communicate with them as well.
Scenario – Skype Call between Federated Contacts
In this scenario two Skype 2015 users, who reside in different Skype for Business organizations, decide to have an Audio/Video conversation using Skype 2015. Skype-U1 works offsite for Contoso. Skype-U2 works onsite for Liteware. Contoso and Liteware are federated with each other. In Figures 1, 2, and 3 we look at three different segments of the call setup and call flow between Skype –U1 and Skype-U2.
Remote User Authentication
1) Skype-U1 signs in to the Singapore Skype pool through Redmond Access Edge Server (Figure 1). Because Skype-U1 is remote and not leveraging VPN, the Skype 2010 client sends a SIP INVITE that contains Skype-U1's credentials to the Edge Server over NTLM. The SIP OK contains valid Media Relay Authentication Server (MRAS) information to establish a call.
2) Redmond Edge Server proxies a connection to the Redmond Director.*
3) Redmond Director authenticates Skype-U1 and proxies the connection to Singapore Skype pool (because this is where the user is homed).
4) MRAS response information is sent to the client by sending a SIP 200 OK message from the Redmond Access Edge Server.
*Note: The Director is an optional server role that can be deployed in a Skype for Business Server 2015 deployment. A common scenario where a Director is deployed is when security to the perimeter network is a concern and\or remote usage will be leveraged with multiple pools in an organization. The Director is responsible for proxying SIP traffic to and from the Edge environment.
Figure 1. Remote user authentication
Remote user retrieves MRAS credentials.
1) Skype-U1 signs in to the Singapore Skype pool through Redmond Access Edge Server (see Figure 2). Because the user is remote and not leveraging VPN, the Skype 2010 client sends a SIP INVITE that contains the Skype-U1's credentials to the Edge Server over NTLM. The SIP OK contains valid MRAS information to setup the call.
2) Redmond Edge Server proxies a connection to the Redmond Director.
3) Redmond Director authenticates Skype-U1 and proxies connection to Singapore Skype pool (because this is where the user homed).
4) The Singapore client request MRAS credentials through the Singapore Front End pool.
5) The MRAS service on the Singapore Edge pool responds to the Front End pool request.
6) The Singapore Front End pool is responsible for sending the MRAS response to the client by sending a SIP 200 response through the Redmond Access Edge service.
Figure 2. Remote user retrieves MRAS credentials
Federated Onsite User Initiates Call to Remote User
1) The call is initiated by Skype-U2. Skype-U2's Edge pool sends SIP INVITE information, which contains all the ICE candidates for the call, to the Redmond Edge pool. Redmond Edge pool contains the Access Edge service for the Singapore Front End pool (see Figure 3).
2) Skype-U1, the call recipient, sends back a SIP SESSION PROGRESS message that contains the call information and also sends ICE candidate information from the client, through the Redmond Edge pool.
3) The Partner Edge pool and Redmond Edge pool communicate with each other through STUN\TURN messages.
4) Audio flows between the two clients; and the caller relays media traffic through their Audio/Video Edge service.
Figure 3. Skype onsite user initiates a federated call to a remote user
SIP Call Trace with Skype Users in Audio/Video Session
When Skype-U2 makes a call to a Skype-U1, the call flow proxies between the two federated Audio/Video Edge services, through each organization's Edge Pool. As a result, port negotiations must occur on each client, in addition to each Audio/Video Edge service. Figure 6 and 7 show this port negotiation process.
1. Skype-U2 initiates a federation call to Skype-U1.
Figure 5. Shows the call SIP trace (the example addresses that are used are included)
Note: The example IP addresses are used are included Figures 5 and Figure 6.
Figure 5. IP addresses used in the Skype call to federated contacts scenario
2. Skype-U2 and Skype-U1 both exchange candidate information that contains the available options for the federated Audio/Video call to take place. Since Skype-U2 is inside his Skype 2010 organization, he provides the relay address of the Audio/Video Edge public interface of his respective Edge pool. Skype-U2 initiates the call to the Skype-U1 and begins the ICE protocol connectivity checks to determine the best media path. In this case, the Partner Edge pool.
3. Skype-U2 and Skype-U1 exchange candidate information for each other in order to connect in the most direct route.
*Note: Candidates are possible combinations of available IPv4 addresses and randomly allocated TCP/UDP ports within the configured port ranges for the Skype client to use NAT traversal for media connectivity.
Figure 6. Call SIP trace
*Note: Figure 5 is part of the ICE protocol, the protocol that allows external clients to use NAT traversal for media connectivity. The ICE protocol candidates show local IP addresses, reflexive addresses in addition to relay IP addresses. The addresses are shown with pairs of TCP and UDP ports. These addresses are tried to test media connectivity between the Audio/Video Edge service and the Skype 2010 client on these respective ports.
4. Skype-U2 is the initiator of the call to Skype-U1 and begins the ICE protocol connectivity checks to determine the optimal media path which is the Partner Edge pool server. The process in Figure 6 shows the result of the candidate check and the identification of the Edge Server being used for the call.
Figure 7. Call SIP trace (negotiated media protocol and ports)
Conclusion
The key takeaways from this scenario, when following call flows with Geographically Disbursed Edge Servers and federation, are as follows:
AMMAN (Sputnik) — The visit of Saudi Arabian King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud to Moscow is politically advantageous for Jordan and creates new possibilities for achieving peace in the Middle East, Raid Khaza'leh, the head of Jordanian parliament's Foreign Affairs Committee, told Sputnik Friday.
“This visit is extremely profitable for Jordan. Such a big country as Saudi Arabia, which is our important ally, has engaged in a political rhetoric regarding the Syrian business which is close to Jordan's rhetoric,” Khaza'leh said.
According to Khaza'leh, Jordanian authorities have always adhered to the principle of the political settlement in Syria, unlike Saudi Arabia, which has been rejecting this approach for a long time.
“Saudis have realized that it is impossible to resolve the Syrian crisis on its own, it is possible to do this through concerted efforts, and the solution can not be reached without the consent of the Russian party, the position of which is close to the position of Syrian authorities and the public institutions of the Syrian Arab Republic,” Khaza'leh indicated.
Amman has stated on numerous occasions that the Syrian crisis can be resolved only through the political settlement, adding that the country advocates territorial integrity of the Syrian Republic and remains committed to the fight against terrorist groups on Syrian territory. Meanwhile, the Syrian military has repeatedly accused Jordan of supporting armed groups on the territory of the Arab Republic, including Jabhat Fatah al Sham (formerly known as al-Nusra Front, banned in Russia), which was refuted by Jordanian authorities.
On Wednesday, King Salman arrived in Russia at the invitation of Russian President Vladimir Putin. The Saudi leader held a meeting with Putin, during which the two parties discussed a number of issues, including the situation in Syria. Earlier in October, King Salman's adviser Anwar Eshki stated that the Syrian developments would be on the agenda of the two leaders' meeting, adding that both Saudi Arabia and Russia advocated a unified Syria without foreign influence.
© Sputnik/ Valeriy Melnikov
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Middle East
PERTH (miningweekly.com) – An updated prefeasibility study (PFS) into the Goulamina lithium project, in Mali, has shown improved economics and an extended mine life on the back of an increase to the mineral resource.
ASX-listed Birimian on Wednesday told shareholders that a two-million-tonne-a-year mineral concentrating plant and an opencut operation have been recommended as the preferred development scenario.
Advertisement
Under this scenario, Goulamina will produce an average 362 000 t/y of spodumene concentrate, or a total of 5.7-million tonnes of concentrate over an initial mine life of 16 years.
This compared with life-of-mine (LoM) production of 3.6-million tonnes over a 12 year period in the initial PFS of 2017.
Advertisement
The updated PFS estimated a post-tax net present value (NPV) of A$653-million and an internal rate of return (IRR) of 49.5%, while the project's capital cost was estimated at A$196-million.
In comparison, the 2017 PFS estimated a post-tax NPV of A$136.3-million and an IRR of 25% for a two-million-tonne-a-year operation, with capital costs estimated at A$126.2-million.
The updated PFS estimated LoM earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (Ebitda) of A$2.6-billion with average Ebitda of A$171-million a year. Net cash flows from operations are expected to reach A$2.3-billion over the mine life, or A$150-million a year.
The mineral resource at Goulamina has increased from 32.9-million tonnes used for the initial PFS, to 103.2-million tonnes, with Birimian on Wednesday also reporting a maiden ore reserve of 31.2-million tonnes, grading 1.56% lithium oxide.
Birimian CEO and executive director Greg Walker said the declaration of a maiden ore reserve was a major milestone for the company.
“The fact that the company has been able to announce a substantial ore reserve of more than 32-million tonnes, sufficient to support mining operations for an initial 16 years, and at a high grade of 1.56% lithium oxide is indicative of the outstanding quality of the project.
“The significant result at Goulamina and the upside demonstrated by the recently announced increased mineral resource positions this project as one of the world's leading hard rock lithium projects.”
Birimian will undertake infill and extension drilling later this year aimed at increasing the ore reserve, with the company also expected to carry out further resource extensions and definition drilling at other identified pegmatite systems at Goulamina.
Birimian was still targeting a start of construction in the first half of 2019, with commissioning slated for the first half of 2020.
The company will now work on completing its environmental studies and permitting, definitive engineering studies, securing project funding and offtake agreements, and procuring long-lead items.
THE Commission on Elections (Comelec) has warned the Supreme Court that the election protest filed by former senator Ferdinand “Bongbong” Marcos Jr. against Vice-President Maria Leonor “Leni” Robredo could cost more than P2 billion.
The high court, sitting as the Presidential Electoral Tribunal (PET), last month took note of a Comelec manifestation that it needs to secure 97,366 units of vote-counting machines and the election management system and accessories, which were leased for the May 2016 elections from Smartmatic-TIM, Inc.
Citing its lease contract with Smartmatic, Comelec said it “may be required to pay P2,078,304,225.76 on account of the election protest.”
The poll body attached certified true copies of the financial breakdown agreed upon by the Comelec and Smartmatic, itemizing the costs of the goods “should the Total Purchase Option under the two AES (Automated Election System) contracts be exercised on account of the instant election protest.”
The PET is unable to move on the vice-presidential electoral protest until the Comelec, composed of appointees of the previous Aquino administration led by its chairman, Andres Bautista, complies with an earlier order to protect all election machines and paraphernalia.
Marcos alleges that Robredo benefited from the rigging of the elections done by the Liberal Party headed by former president Benigno Aquino 3rd.
The Comelec also reported to the PET that it would release 1,356 units of supposedly unused vote-counting machines as requested by Smartmatic, arguing that these were not covered by the Precautionary Protection Order issued by the tribunal.
The Marcos camp opposed the move, claiming some machines had been tampered with, but Comelec went ahead and stripped the machines in July.
The PET's last order was for the preservation of the “automated election equipment and records such as Vote Counting Machines (VCM), Consolidation and Canvass System (CCS) units, Secure Digital (SD) cards (main and back up), and the other data storage devices in all of the ninety-two thousand five-hundred nine (92,509) clustered precincts used in the May 2016 elections, effective immediately and continuing until further orders from the Tribunal.”
Marcos, who lost the vice-presidential contest by 263,473 votes, accused Robredo and the Liberal Party of “massive electoral fraud, anomalies and irregularities” such as pre-shading of ballots, pre-loaded secure digital cards, misreading of ballots, malfunctioning vote-counting machines, and an “abnormally high” number of unaccounted votes and “undervotes.”
Oklahoma City Thunder guard Russell Westbrook 0) reacts after loosing the ball as Utah Jazz's Royce O'Neale, left, Donovan Mitchell
FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. Solid U.S. jobs data on Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, did little to improve the mood in global stock markets as investors continued to worry about rising U.S. bond yields. Mark Lennihan, File AP Photo
A young Kiwi researcher is unravelling what could prove a crucial link between insulin and the most common form of dementia.
Alzheimer's disease is projected to affect 70,000 Kiwis by 2031 - yet present treatments don't do enough to slow the progression of the debilitating disease.
For decades, neuroscientists have been gathering evidence from the brains of patients to try to understand the disease, and there are today several well-supported theories.
While it's sometimes unclear how these theories fit together, all could partly explain what causes the massive brain cell death seen in the disease.
Advertisement
A project by University of Auckland researcher Catherine Webb focused on a relatively recent theory called the "insulin dysregulation hypothesis".
"Most people have heard of the hormone insulin because of its involvement in diabetes, but it is also very important in promoting the survival and function of neurons," she said.
"Certain clues, such as the fact that diabetic patients are more likely to develop Alzheimers disease, and the fact that insulin improves the memory of experimental animals with it, show that insulin is somehow involved in the disease."
Therefore, she said, the insulin receptor could offer an interesting drug target.
Her Science Scholar research project, supervised by Auckland University brain researchers Associate Professor Maurice Curtis and Dr Helen Murray, searched for insulin receptors in the hippocampus, the sea-horse shaped part of the brain that forms new memories and which is most damaged in dementia.
"This is important because the location of receptors says a lot about their function," she said.
This image shows part of the hippocampus of a normal brain at 1000x magnification. The blue is DNA and the red speckles are presumably insulin receptors. Image / Supplied
"In what part of the brain, on what cell type, and where in the cell a receptor is located; all of these influences the function of the receptor and how a drug could be used to target it."
Using samples from recently-deceased donors to the New Zealand Neurological Foundation Douglas Human Brain Bank, Webb compared the hippocampus of normal brains and those affected by Alzheimer's.
"Very thin slices from these blocks were stained by joining fluorescently coloured molecules to the proteins we are interested in with animal antibodies," she said.
"When we look at these sections under a microscope, the proteins we stained for appear in bright colours against a dark background."
"We stained for insulin receptors, cell nuclei - so we knew where the cells were - and a protein that is only found in a certain type of neuron, so we knew what kind of brain cells we were looking at.
"In this way we could see where and how much the insulin receptor is expressed in the hippocampus, and whether the location or amount changes with Alzheimer's."
The biggest challenge was that the insulin receptor antibody had never been used on brain tissue before.
That meant Webb and her colleagues had to work out the optimal conditions for getting the antibody to bind.
"There were a lot of things to test here, including pH, temperature, concentration, and whether to break up the tissue with enzymes or not, so this optimisation process took up most of my project."
Ultimately, her work helped fill what could be an important gap in understanding how the disease works - and how to beat it.
"A lot of evidence shows that insulin has effects on brain cells which may be related to Alzheimer's disease, but no-one has previously characterised the location of insulin receptors in post-mortem brain tissue," she said.
"In the long term, this kind of work is needed to know whether it is worth making a drug to target the insulin receptor in some way to treat Alzheimer's disease."
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
Muscat: Oman Air, the National carrier, has warned people about a fake Twitter account that has been set up with the intention of damaging the reputation of the airline, it in a statement on Sunday.
“Any information or communication coming from the account, @omanairline, is unauthorised and should be disregarded.
The fake account, @omanairline, appeared to be deleted after Oman Air statement.
Followers and clientele have been informed that @omanair is the airline's only official account.
Government authorities have been informed about the fake account and firm legal action will be taken against the concerned individuals in accordance with the law,” said the statement.
The statement said any attempt intending to damage the reputation of the airline will be prosecuted.
Several videos posted by citizens discrediting Oman Air have been posted online.
Oman Air contributes over 900 million riyals to the economy through boosting various business and tourism projects.
The airline expects over 10 million passengers in 2017.
Totternhoe came through the Easter period with maximum points from their two games to keep them in pole position for the SSML Division 2 league title.
On Thursday evening the Totts beat a strong Loughton Manor side 2-0. Lee Loasby gave the hosts the lead on 35 minutes when he tapped home a Joel McCormick corner at the back post.
The second half started with a long delay as straight from the kick off Andy Cleere went up for a header with Liam Murphy, and Cleere was caught with an elbow which broke his cheekbone.
Cleere was taking to hospital whilst Murphy was shown a straight red card.
The 10 men had the best of the second half and had a chance to equalise from the penalty spot on the hour mark, but James Bromahll superbly saved Ricki Wigg-Booden's kick. Dan Lambeth wrapped up the game for the hosts in injury time when he swept home a quick Aiden Murray free kick.
On Saturday Totts came away from strugglers Grendon Rangers with a crushing 6-1 victory.
From the first whistle the vistors were in control. They did have to wait until the half hour mark to take the lead when a Jack Rimmer cross was flicked on at the near post by Lambeth and Scott Murchie finished with a overhead kick.
Lambeth doubled the lead on 38 minutes when he was played through by Murchie and he coolly lobbed the keeper. Aiden Murray made it 3-0 two minutes later when he finished well from a tight angle.
Grendon pulled a goal back on 55 minutes when a Matt Ginger free kick evaded everybody.
But any hope of a Grendon revival was squashed when Murchie grabbed his second when he met a Murray corner with a strong header. Lambeth grabbed his second just past the hour when he finished a McCormick cross – his 50th goal of a remarkable season. Murray grabbed his second to wrap up the game in injury time.
Boss Chris Robson said: “I feel these two victories could be a very important point in the title race.
“Against Loughton we played very poorly. If young James Bromhall doesn't save the penalty I feel Loughton would have gone on to win
“Against Grendon on a decent pitch, for the first time in a long time we are able to play our normal game.”
Toots next play Thame Rangers, who they sit one point clear of, on April 29.
>>The 61FC (Luton) sit 13th in the Division Two tables after two draws, 1-1 at Clean Slate on Saturday where Adam Hughes scored and 2-2 at Loughton Manor last Tuesday, Bradley Currington and Aidan Dawson with the goals.
They visit Mursley on Wednesday, then host the same side on Saturday.
Guptill's gone again! Black Caps opener felled by another hamstring injury, set to miss T20, first two ODIs against Proteas
The strain is unrelated to the one that caused him to miss the final ODI against Australia last month.
Consider it another challenge met.
The Yankees looked at this series against the defending World Series champs as a test, and just like they did in Houston a little less than a month ago, they passed.
With Wednesday's 5-3 win in The Bronx, the Yankees won a second straight series against the Astros, thanks largely to Luis Severino, who was terrific again.
The right-hander outdid Dallas Keuchel, giving up just two runs in seven innings, while matching a season-high 11 strikeouts. The Yankees have won all but one of the right-hander's dozen starts this year.
His lone mistake came in the fifth, when he surrendered a two-run homer to Max Stassi that gave the Astros a 2-1 lead.
The Yankees' offense responded with a pair of runs in the bottom of the inning to retake the lead and then gave Severino and the bullpen some insurance with two more runs in the sixth.
Gary Sanchez snapped an 0-for-19 skid with a two-run single through the right side of the infield to give the Yankees the lead for good.
David Robertson tossed a scoreless eighth and Aroldis Chapman picked up the save, despite allowing an RBI double to Stassi in the ninth. He fanned George Springer on three pitches to end it.
The Yankees face the Orioles in Baltimore on Thursday, the start of four straight series against teams that began Wednesday at .500 or worse.
It hardly seems to matter who the opponent is for Severino, who retired the first 11 batters he faced before Jose Altuve's grounder went through the right side of the infield vacated by the shift in the fourth.
The offense got to Keuchel for four runs in five-plus innings.
The Yankees took an early lead when Aaron Hicks worked a leadoff walk and moved to third on Aaron Judge's rocket single to left. Hicks scored on Giancarlo Stanton's sacrifice fly to center, which was caught by a diving Jake Marisnick.
They wasted a chance to add more after Sanchez walked and he and Judge advanced on a Keuchel wild pitch with one out. Tyler Austin struck out and Gleyber Torres lined to first.
The left-hander settled down after walking Sanchez and retired 12 of the next 13 he faced.
Severino cruised until the fourth.
He made an athletic play on Tony Kemp's comebacker to start the inning, went to a full count on Alex Bregman with one out before giving up the single to Altuve. Severino followed with another full count before fanning Carlos Correa.
He walked Marwin Gonzalez with one out in the fifth and after Gonzalez moved to second on a groundout by Evan Gattis, Stassi crushed a 2-1 fastball into the visitors' bullpen in left-center to give Houston a 2-1 lead.
The Yankees rallied in the bottom of the inning with singles by Austin Romine and Judge putting runners on the corners with two outs for Stanton, who fought back from an 0-2 count to draw a walk.
That brought up Sanchez with the bases loaded. The catcher punched a single through the right side of the infield, with Altuve shaded up the middle. It scored a pair of runs and put the Yankees back up, 3-2.
Austin then whiffed for a third straight time to strand two more runners.
The Yankees finally tacked on to their lead in the sixth, as Torres ripped a leadoff double to left, moved to third when Keuchel crossed up Stassi behind the plate and scored on a Didi Gregorius single through a drawn-in infield.
A Hicks opposite-field double scored Romine to make it 5-2.
The only trouble Severino had the rest of the way came in the seventh, but with two on and two out, Severino got pinch-hitter Springer swinging on a 3-2 slider.
Media Contact
Ben Emos
admin@fedlan.com Ben Emos
End
-- JK Spyglasses rep announces the launch of their spy camera glasses on FeDlan.comAt a recently held press conference in Brooklyn, NY, Daniel Peter President of JK Spyglasses announced the launch of their JK Spy Camera Sunglasses."Our spy glasses are the best and most affordable spy camera product of its kind on FeDlan. We have been in the business of selling spy camera gear and products for the past seven years. Having an opportunity to partner with FeDlan to market and sell our spy camera sunglasses is great", said Peter.The spy glasses are black in color with tinted lenses. The camera is affixed between the lenses in the middle of the frame. On top of the stem are operation buttons. With the press of one the spy camera sunglasses can be turned on. Once the spy camera is turned on another short press of the additional button allows users to take photos, record audio and record video. Video recordings are AVI 720x480 resolution. It can create separate audio only recordings if video is not needed.When asked more about the spy glasses features, pricing and availability Peter replied, "Right now our single pair of JK Spy Sunglasses sells on FeDlan for only $197.00.Peter went on to say that the initial customer feedback for spy camera product has been outstanding. Customers are said to have used the spy glasses outdoors at sporting events, music festivals, hot air balloon rides as well as indoor fun with friend and family. Private investigators and law enforcement agents were said to also have purchased and use the spy camera sunglasses product.The JK spy glasses product can be found exclusive online on FeDlan website. FeDlan shoppers can locate the products using search word JK spy inside any open search bar found on any FeDlan webpage at http://fedlan.com
May 2 Celyad Sa:
* Celyad grants to Novartis a non-exclusive license for its allogeneic TCR-Deficient CAR-T Cells Patents
* This license agreement is related to two targets currently under development by Novartis
* Under the terms of the agreement Celyad receives an upfront payment and is eligible to receive success based clinical, regulatory and commercial milestone payments
* If all success based milestones are achieved, Celyad is eligible to receive payments, including the upfront payment, totalling $96 million
* In addition, Celyad will receive single digit royalties based on net sales of the licensed target associated products
* Novartis has the option to extend the agreement to additional targets and/or to convert its license into an exclusive license. Celyad retains all rights to grant further licenses to third parties for the use of allogeneic CAR-T cells Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Amy "Dolly" Everett was known as the angelic face of Akubra hats as a child. Her family says she committed suicide after being targeted by cyberbullying.
Amy "Dolly" Everett was known as the angelic face of Akubra hats as a child. Her family says she committed suicide after being targeted by cyberbullying.
CYBER-BULLIES would be banned from social media and slapped with an online­ version of an apprehended violence­ order as part of a radical plan to stop trolls.
Anti-bullying charities are using a powerful parliamentary inquiry to call for a criminalisation of trolling - including giving child cyber-bullies a social media order (SMO) that would ban them from contacting their victims and using sites such as Facebook and Instagram.
It comes after 14-year-old Amy "Dolly" Everett took her own life on January 3 after being targeted by bullies online.
Amy "Dolly" Everett was a young horserider.
The Carly Ryan Foundation - a cyber-safety charity set up following the death of 15-year-old Carly Ryan, who was killed by a paedophile in 2007 - said the federal government should investigate mimicking "domestic violence processes" by creating­ an order that would ban trolls from contacting their victims online.
The submission, written by Carly's mother and foundation chief executive Sonya Ryan, said police should also be given the powers to ban the trolls from social media altogether for nominated periods.
Ms Ryan said under the plan a new law could be created that would allow for juvenile offenders to be tried in the juvenile justice system if they breached the bans.
Tayla Pearson honours the memory of her brother, Kodi, who died in 2016.
"The problem is so many resources are used to mediate young people without formal consequences," Ms Ryan, an Australian of the Year, said.
"Something like this would put youth on notice and give them the opportunity­ to do the right thing."
Ms Ryan said the charity had reached out to Dolly's family to offer them support.
She said a law change should mean that no child would ever be pushed to feel they had "no escape".
AGE LIMITS A JOKE: TWEENS ADDICTED TO SOCIAL MEDIA
"We want to reach young people before it gets to that point," Ms Ryan, who also runs education workshops in schools, said.
"We need to make sure they feel empowered and talk to them on their level."
She said compulsory education programs would also be part of the program.
Libby Bell, 13, took her own life after she became the victim of bullying.
The idea has also won the support of other cyber-safety campaigners, families who have lost children and lawyers who say that the existing legislation needs urgent updating.
Cyber-safety expert Ross Bark, who runs education courses across NSW through his company Best Enemies, agreed the creation of an "SMO" would be helpful.
"It would be useful to be able to ban offenders from Facebook, Instagram and social media but it would need to be coupled with education so they can actually learn the very real effect they are having on their victims," Mr Bark said.
MENTAL HEALTH LESSONS IN SCHOOLS AIM TO REMOVE CULTURE OF SHAME
NSW TOWN BEGS FOR HELP TO STOP SUICIDE 'CRISIS'
"We don't want to be handing out AVOs to children left, right and centre, so something that specifically deals with cyber-bullying could be helpful."
Brisbane father Quentin Pearson's 14-year-old son Kodi took his own life in 2016 after being the victim of bullying at school and online.
Mr Pearson told The Saturday Telegraph he backed the introduction of the social media bans for bullies.
"Something needs to be put in place so they will think twice before they post a horrible message," he said.
"It needs to be taken more seriously because, as we know, it can be deadly and all it can take is one tweet or Snapchat to push someone over."
Online content can surprise and shock.
Teens Courtney Love, 15, from Kiama, Libby Bell, 13, Jessica Cleland, 19, and Olivia Penpraze, 19, all also took their own lives in recent years after being bullied online.
Criminal Defence Lawyers Australia principal lawyer Jimmy Singh said while existing AVO laws allowed courts to ban offenders from contacting their victims on social media, it was rare, and often cyber-bullying wasn't taken as seriously by police.
"If a young person goes into a police station and reports they are being harassed online, it should be treated as seriously as if they are reporting any other kind of harassment," Mr Singh said.
In its submission, Australian Federal Police admitted that under existing laws "not all cyber-bullying is a criminal offence".
Attorney-General Christian Porter said tackling cyber-bullying must be "a joint effort".
"I will be looking at the submissions to this inquiry and the committee's final report very carefully," he told The Saturday Telegraph.
"Education, victim support and civil avenues for victims are just as important as criminal laws to combat anti-social­ behaviour."
KIDS DIAL INTO SLEEP DISORDER DAMAGE
KIDS as young as three are addicted to their screens, sparking a sleep deprivation crisis that is having a devastating impact on their health.
A staggering 17 per cent of children aged three and under own their own smart device, with the figure jumping to 36 per cent for preschoolers. And they are doing damage.
In one case, a five-year-old was referred to a sleep clinic because he was staying up until 10.30pm on his iPhone.
Overuse of electronic devices can cause a host of health problems, experts warn. Picture: iStock
He was falling asleep in school and was reaching for his screen at 6am. In another case, a seven-year-old boy was communicating with his parents regularly via his own iPhone, even when they were in the next room.
Chris Seton, paediatric sleep physician at Sydney's Woolcock Institute of Medical Research, said the number of young children needing treatment for sleep issues was growing.
He said devices impacted on children's sleep by delaying bedtime, causing "conditioned arousal", where the brain is trained not to associate a certain time of day or the bed as a place of sleep while screen lighting stopped the release of melatonin to prepare the body for sleep.
"A lack of sleep in kids means they are more prone to learning issues, obesity, a whole range of mood issues including depression and anxiety and they are at higher risk of suicide, drug, addiction and sexual promiscuity in older age," he said.
Online content can surprise and shock.
"There is also research out of the US that is showing a narrowing of blood vessels behind the retina in one-year-old kids using devices."
Melbourne's Murdoch Children's Research Institute paediatrician Harriet Hiscock said Australian children often got less than recommended sleep.
"Their quality of the sleep is also being impacted by devices and this is perhaps more important than duration," Dr Hiscock said.
"When devices are in bedrooms, this can be waking up children at night."
BEYOND BLUE
AWAKEN YOUTH
SUICIDEPREVENTIONAUST.ORG
Kodi Pearson with his sister Tayla.
Callum Strachan's try and a double from centre Jake Hobbs gave Luton a hard-fought 19-15 win over Midlands Two East South table-toppers Belgrave on Saturday.
Both teams had gone into the game with a 100 per cent win record from their first two fixtures of the season.
Luton heavily dominated possession in the first 12 minutes with Belgrave not even being able to get out of their half, and after a number of good phases of play, outside centre Jake Hobbs touched down right between posts.
Fly-half Rik Hobbs had no problems with the easy conversion to make it 7-0.
Belgrave fought back quickly and were adamant that they had scored when full-back Kevin Curtis chased down a grubber kick from scrum-half Kyron Kyle.
However, the referee deemed the number 15 did not touch down the ball within the in-goal area.
The visitors' good run of play paid off when Curtis pulled back three points after 20 minutes with a penalty from 10 metres out to make it 7-3.
Belgrave failed to get any more points on the board during their long period in possession and when their flanker was sent to the sin bin Luton took full advantage, Strachan scrambling the ball over the line.
Rik Hobbs converted brilliantly from an angle with the last kick of the half to give the hosts an 11-point advantage at the break.
Belgrave continued to dominate in the second period and the referee gave the visitors a penalty try to close the gap to just four points.
Luton were then reduced to 14 men as hooker Ryan Sheppard was sent off for alleged unfair play.
Belgrave failed to take advance of the extra man as a brilliant run by Jake Hobbs from inside his half broke the visitors' line.
He then wonderfully sold the opposition scrum half a dummy before crossing the line to make it 19-10.
However, brother Rik kicked his conversion wide of the far post from near the right touchline.
Luton were then reduced to 13 men when second row Andy Davy was sent to the sin bin.
This time Belgrave did take advantage of their possession as their number 13 gathered the ball from the back of a ruck and wiggled his way through to make it 19-15.
Belgrave's full back failed to make the conversion from a tight angle.
Luton put good pressure on the visitors for the remainder and had them pushed back deep into their own half, when the final whistle came as they extended their winning run to three games.
Luton's next game is at Long Buckby on October 14.
THESSALONIKI, Greece (AP) — Greek authorities have agreed to extradite to France the Georgian suspected head of an international crime ring specializing in robberies and burglaries.
Lasha Shushanashvili, 57, was among 14 people arrested, in coordination with France, in April in the northern city of Thessaloniki during a two-day operation involving more than 100 police officers.
A further 17 suspected members of the crime ring were arrested in France.
Shushanashvili's lawyers said they would appeal to Greece's supreme court against Wednesday's extradition ruling by Thessaloniki judicial authorities.
Advertisement
Shushanashvili was first arrested in Greece in 2012, and sentenced to 14 years' imprisonment for heading an international criminal ring allegedly involved in armed robberies and at least one contract killing.
In fewer than three years, he secured early release on health grounds.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Britons in Russia are preparing for a worsening of relations with their Russian compatriots, despite so far feeling unaffected by their nations' recent diplomatic fallout.
Expatriates living in Moscow said the expulsion of 23 Russian diplomats in the wake of the poisoning of former MI6 double agent Sergei Skripal - and Russia's subsequent tit-for-tat response - had yet to impact them, although some did worry about a potential "trickle-down effect" if political tensions continued to rise.
One man, who wished only to be identified as Mark, said he has become more cautious about speaking English in public and even contemplated claiming to be Irish to avoid conflicts.
He said: "I'm not sure I'm important enough or prominent enough on the Kremlin radar to be immediately affected by the current situation, but I'm somewhat worried that if the situation worsens, which I expect it to do, there could be a trickle-down effect that has an impact upon me.
"On a day-to-day level, I have started trying to be more inconspicuous in public - not that I was especially conspicuous before - but I'm having fewer English phone conversations, and holding English book covers down on my lap on the metro."
(Image: RIA Novosti Kremlin)
A statement published on the Foreign and Commonwealth Office website last week warned Britons of the "possibility of anti-British sentiment or harassment at this time", and asked British nationals to "remain vigilant" and avoid protests, demonstrations and commenting publicly on political developments.
But another British resident in Russia, who wished not be be identified, said he was so far unconcerned by the warning.
"There's absolutely no signs of tension with the local Russian population," he said.
However, Britons were wary that the current "political battle" could escalate further, he added.
Several interviewees told the Press Association their main concern was the potential for a more dramatic decline in relations, such as that seen in the wake of the 2014 annexation of Crimea, which prompted a drop in the value of the ruble and overseas wages.
But one British director at a financial services company in Moscow, who also wished not to be identified, said even a relatively acute increase in sanctions and counter-sanctions such as those imposed by Vladimir Putin on foreign food imports in 2014 was unlikely to have a significant impact on Britons without a far deeper fallout.
He said: "Nothing's really been done which affects your average Russian on the street.
"It's very easy to forget that for me, for example, it's disastrous not being able to buy Parmesan or Gorgonzola or whatever, but for your average Russian outside of Moscow, they really don't care about that."
He added: "For them what's much more important is the message that 'we're strong, we're defending ourselves against this perceived enemy' [of other European powers]."
The UK national security council is expected to meet in the coming days to discuss Russia's current response to the situation, and foreign secretary Boris Johnson accused Russia of trying to conceal "the needle of truth in a haystack of lies" as he arrived for a meeting with his EU counterparts on Monday.
Mr Skripal and his daughter Yulia remain in a critical condition in hospital after being exposed to the nerve agent Novichok in the Wiltshire city of Salisbury on March 4.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt has made six changes from the starting XV that beat USA 55-19 for Saturday's first test against Japan (kick-off 6.0am Irish time) at the Ecopa stadium in the province of Honshu.
Josh van der Flier, who is fit and even spoke to the travelling Irish media on Tuesday about this fixture, is replaced at openside by Dan Leavy.
Van der Flier will not feature at all as Jack O'Donoghue gets an opportunity from the bench despite a mixed season for Munster when he didn't feature in the biggest matches.
Only Garry Ringorse and Keith Earls are retained in the backline but Simon Zebo shakes off wear and tear to return at fullback.
Andrew Conway will win his second cap at right wing, Rory Scannell comes in for Luke Marshall at 12 and Luke McGrath is preferred over Kieran Marmion at scrumhalf.
Marshall (sore foot) was the only injury concern; the Ulster centre does not make the match day squad.
The game will marks first international starts for Conway, Scannell and McGrath.
Jet lag
Considering rising temperatures and increased humidity in Japan this weekend, coupled with ongoing jet lag issues following the 14 hour direct flight from New York to Tokyo, and the team's only full training run being this morning, Ireland are facing a massive challenge against Jamie Joseph's Brave Blossoms.
“Preparations have been brief, pretty brief,” said Schmidt. “The work rate in training today was really good because I think the players are very conscious that it is the only training we will get this week, so they wanted to make sure that they got as much clarity and got a bit of rhythm as best they could.
“It wasn't perfect, and it seldom is, but hopefully we will be a little more cohesive by the time we kick off on Saturday.
Andrew Conway makes his first international start against Japan. Photograph: Ryan Byrne/Inpho
“Trying to acclimatise has been very difficult,” he continued. “We did have the advantage of playing in very hot temperatures in New Jersey last weekend but we left the hotel on Sunday morning and by the time we arrived here it was Monday night.
“You are very jumbled from the different time zones and so that has taken a toll but it certainly won't be considered than anything other than an imposition in the early part of the week and by the end of the week we have to make sure we are ready to go.”
The recovery process has been extremely difficult with players waking up in the middle of the night and being shattered after a full day in Schmidt's notoriously demanding environment.
Inexperience
James Tracy, Finlay Bealham, along with uncapped duo Kieran Treadwell and Rory O'Loughlin are also added to the match day squad as replacements.
The team, led by Rhys Ruddock, has a total of 280 caps - 176 of them divvied up between Devin Toner, Cian Healy and Keith Earls - which averages less than 19 appearances per man.
“I think we have some injured guys at home might otherwise have been with us,” Schmidt continued in reference to laid up veterans Rob Kearney, Jamie Heaslip, Sean Cronin and even Jordi Murphy. “They would have added a bit of guidance and experience, some of them have played here before, but I think it is a great opportunity to learn who can adapt and who can adapt the fastest because some of these players are being thrown in the deep end and I have to say the coaching staff are looking forward to seeing how they go.
“They have worked hard away from the pitch to make sure they get themselves as organised as possible and hopefully that is apparent on Saturday.”
Meanwhile Joseph has made five changes from the side that beat Romania 33-21 last Saturday with Auckland born former-Australian rugby league centre William Tupou winning his first cap in midfield beside Samoan Timothy Lafaele.
28-year-old New Zealand-born flanker Michael Leitch, a regular for the Chiefs in Super Rugby, is supported by Tongan number eight Amanaki Mafi in a menacing backrow, while Fumiaki Tanaka is a proven scrumhalf in Super Rugby with the Highlanders and more recently the Sunwolves.
Ireland: S Zebo; A Conway, G Ringrose, R Scannell, K Earls; P Jackson, L McGrath; C Healy, N Scannell, J Ryan; Q Roux, D Toner; R Ruddock (capt), D Leavy, J Conan. Replacements: J Tracy, D Kilcoyne, F Bealham, K Treadwell, J O'Donoghue, K Marmion, R O'Loughlin, T O'Halloran.
Japan: Ryuji Noguchi; Kotaro Matsushima, William Tupou, Timothy Lafaele, Kenki Fukuoka; Yu Tamura, Fumiaki Tanaka; Keita Inagaki, Shota Horie, Heiichiro Ito; Kotaro Yatabe, Uwe Helu; Michael Leitch (capt), Yoshitaka Tokanuga, Amanaki Mafi. Replacements: Yusuke Niwai, Shintaro Ishihara, Takuma Asahara, Hendrik Tui, Shuhei Matsuhashi, Yutake Nagare, Derek Carpenter, Rikiya Matsuda
Comedian Wolfgang Krebs is relieved. Following a last-ditch government compromise over migration policy, Horst Seehofer remains Germany's Interior Minister, the coalition didn't collapse — and Krebs will not have to completely have to rewrite his current Kabarett show. (In Germany, "Kabarett" is a comedy genre that specifically refers to onstage satirical revues of political and social topics.)
In his act, the Bavarian Kabarett artist impersonates the main characters involved in the latest political dispute: Bavarian Premier Markus Söder, Interior Minister and CSU leader Horst Seehofer, as well as Chancellor Angela Merkel. He has studied how they move, imitates their voices and dresses up just like them.
The quarrel between the government's sister parties, Merkel's Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and the Christian Social Union in Bavaria (CSU), on Germany's refugee policy made Krebs feel nervous over the last few days. He watched debates on news channels until late in night, especially those between Seehofer and Merkel.
"I'm thankful that I didn't have any live performances during that period," he says. The World Cup had given him a break, but his next gig is on July 4, right on Horst Seehofer's birthday.
Watch video 01:25 Now live 01:25 mins. Happy Birthday, Me! Wolfgang Krebs impersonates Horst Seehofer on his birthday
Horst Seehofer's real-life satire
"If Seehofer had actually resigned, I would have had to completely redo his role in my current Kabarett program; that would have required a lot of work," Krebs explains.
Now the Kabarett artist can simply pick up one of Seehofer's latest infamous quotes: "I won't accept to be dismissed by a chancellor that's only chancellor because of me," he told the Süddeutsche Zeitung newspaper. Krebs knows that he only needs to repeat the politician's own words and the audience will crack up.
From school clown to stand-in for politicians
Wolfgang Krebs started doing theater in school, where he also got into imitating his teachers.
At the end of the 1980s, he was impersonating former Chancellor Helmut Kohl and long-term forerm CSU Chairman Franz-Josef Strauss. Krebs also had a field day spoofing former Bavarian Premier Edmund Stoiber.
Then one day, Stoiber refused at the last minute to appear in a special Carnival program on Bavarian TV, and Wolfgang Krebs jumped in to replace him on the show.
He has since made a career of imitating political and public figures — along with Merkel and Seehofer, former football manager Franz Beckenbauer is another one of his specialties.
Krebs impersonating Angela Merkel
Increasingly difficult to empathize with Seehofer
When Wolfgang Krebs parodies these people, he tries to empathize with them, taking on every detail of their character.
"When I imitate Horst Seehofer, I literally puff myself up, holding my head up high and pulling my shoulders back to show off how great I am," says Krebs. The political satirist is actually a few centimeters smaller than the CSU leader.
Wolfgang Krebs as himself
But Krebs has been finding it increasingly difficult to feel empathy for the German interior minister, "ever since the so-called refugee crisis in 2015," during which period he could no longer recognize Christian values in the positions of the man leading the Christian-democratic and conservative political party.
When the photo of Syrian toddler Aylan Kurdi lying dead on the beach made headlines, Krebs discussed it with Seehofer at an event. "I asked him, doesn't that touch you?"
Seehofer appeared a bit uncomfortable with the question, remembers Krebs. The politician answered that he was doing everything he could to make sure that people coming to Bavaria as refugees were well taken care of, but he also added that he wanted to know who those people coming into his state were.
Seehofer: The perfect target for satirists?
Wolfgang Krebs can understand that politicians pick up on the Bavarians' anxiety, but he is stunned by the turn of the debate. "It appears preposterous to me, as the current dispute is about five asylum-seekers a day and no longer hundreds of thousands as was the case three years ago."
Seehofer's calls to creating a hard limit on the number of refugees accepted and to establish "transit centers" for asylum-seekers do not feel like laughing matter for Wolfgang Krebs, making it difficult for him to parody the politician. "I add other absurd limits to overemphasize and expose the whole thing, but not everyone understands that, and I don't want people to believe that I'm calling for even worse things."
It feels like a tightrope walk, the satirist says. "It used to be a more innocent thing to impersonate Horst Seehofer. Topics like digitization or homeland were harmless." When dealing with refugees, comedians need to make sure they aren't sounding like a far-right populist or even a Nazi. "The CSU's current vocabulary promotes a nationalist view of Bavaria, because they believe they should be attracting right-wing voters. That makes it difficult for a Seehofer impersonator."
Wolfgang Krebs as Horst Seehofer: He used to be a more innocent politician to parody
Observers see the dispute between the CDU and the CSU as part of the Bavarian party's campaign to win over voters from the far-right populist Alternative for Germany (AfD) in the upcoming state elections. "The conservatives in Bavaria will think that Seehofer got his way; that he finally banged his fist on the table, even if it goes against the trend," believes Krebs.
Even after the agreement between the Christian Democrats and their sister party in Bavaria, uncertainty remains. People will not forget how Horst Seehofer threatened to resign, only to take that back shortly afterwards.
That makes him the perfect target for Kabarett artists.
Wolfgang Krebs actually has a satirical sentence that always works in the mouth of his Seehofer impersonation: "I promise you consistency or inconsistency, but not this constant back and forth." In the current context, the line once again hits the mark.
LONDON: Stock markets mainly rose on Tuesday as traders reacted largely to the outlook for US interest rates.
The euro pulled back versus the dollar, which had risen Tuesday on the prospect of a sharp rise in American borrowing costs according to analysts.
While the corporate earnings season is maintaining traders' attention, Friday's upcoming release of US economic growth data is a key marker with a strong reading likely to reinforce opinions that borrowing costs will go up.
And improving US economy, expectations that its inflation will continue to rise on the back of an oil price rally and President Donald Trump's tax cuts have lifted the yield of benchmark 10-year Treasuries, or American government bonds, close to three percent and near its highest level since 2014.
Higher yields are a signal interest rates could rise and could weigh on markets as traders shift from equities to safer bond investments.
“Without question (the) US GDP data will be crucial for an extension of the current dollar move as US economic strength in the face of synchronized economic slowdowns in both China and Europe are playing into the resurgent US dollar hand,” said Stephen Innes, head of Asia-Pacific trade at traders Oanda.
Confidence among business leaders in Europe's biggest economy Germany fell back in April, a closely-watched survey showed Tuesday, as executives responded to a broader clouding-over of the global economic outlook.
The Ifo institute's closely-watched barometer lost 1.2 points month-on-month, for a reading of 102.1.
Elsewhere Tuesday, shares of technology firms struggled on after Apple suffered another sell-off Monday on worries about the key smartphone sector.
Russian aluminum giant Rusal meanwhile soared more than 40 percent after the US Treasury said it would consider lifting sanctions if tycoon Oleg Deripaska gives up control of the company.
In oil markets, both main contracts built on Monday's gains to hold at peaks not seen since late 2014, with ongoing unrest between crude kingpin Saudi Arabia and Yemen rebels providing support.
Adding to the positive outlook for crude is improving demand in the United States and geopolitical tensions.
Superb Story is set to head straight to the Cheltenham festival following his comeback victory at Musselburgh on New Year's Day.
The six-year-old was raced sparingly last season, filling the runner-up spot in the Greatwood Hurdle at Cheltenham in November, before running out an impressive winner of the County Hurdle at Prestbury Park in March.
He was pulled up when considered a leading contender for the Galway Hurdle during the summer, but showed his true colours in Scotland, and given he seems at his best when fresh, trainer Dan Skelton is keen to save his charge for the showpiece meeting in the spring, with the Champion Hurdle a potential target.
Skelton said: “We were really happy with him on Sunday. Galway was a bit of a disaster. Everything that could go wrong did go wrong that day, so it was nice to see him bounce back.
“I think we'll probably go straight to Cheltenham now and C.
“The Champion Hurdle would obviously be a big step up, but we'll see how the picture is looking nearer the time.”
Superb Story was one of two winners on the afternoon for Skelton, with The Bay Oak landing cramped odds.
It was a welcome change of luck for the team after the highly-regarded Robin Roe suffered a season-ending injury when falling three from the finish in Saturday's Challow Hurdle at Newbury.
“That's the ups and downs of racing, isn't it?” said Skelton.
“There was a long way to go when he came down, but he was cantering at the time.”
Baie Des Iles
Ross O'Sullivan has the Irish Grand National as the main objective for Baie Des Iles again following her decent effort in the Welsh equivalent.
The Curragh trainer feels the six-year-old mare would have finished closer to the winner Native River than being beaten 23 lengths in fifth place had conditions at Chepstow been more testing.
ADVERTISEMENT
It was still a good run and O'Sullivan is looking ahead to giving Baie Des Iles a second attempt at the Fairyhouse showpiece on Easter Monday. She was sixth to Rogue Angel last spring.
O'Sullivan intends giving her a prep run next month at either Punchestown or Newcastle.
“She is great since Chepstow, there is not a bother on her and she came out of the race really well,” he said.
“Katie [Walsh] just felt that if the ground had been softer she would have even been a bit closer. Most years it's a lot heavier than what it was the other day. It was yielding to soft the other day, not heavy which she loves.
“The plan now is to probably run in the Irish National trial in February at Punchestown – she was second in it last year to Bonny Kate.
“She could go for that or the Eider Chase, which is also in February, over four miles.
“She won't be going to Aintree for the Grand National as she is too young.
“She has only just turned six, and she won't be allowed to run in the National until she is seven. They brought in that rule a couple of years ago.
“She would without doubt go to Aintree only for that rule. Her owner Zorka Wentworth loves her National Hunt racing, and she would love for her to run there.
“You'd never know though, if she is safe, healthy and sound we might consider running her in it the following year.
“She was sixth in the Irish National last year when it wasn't soft enough either, so she will definitely get an entry in it again this year.”
Raz de Maree
Meanwhile, Raz De Maree's main objective is the Randox Health Grand National at Aintree on April 8th following his fine effort in the Welsh equivalent.
The Cork Grand National scorer closed the gap on winner Native River to a length and three-quarters at the line in the Chepstow marathon, but could not quite get to the bold-jumping top weight.
Trainer Gavin Cromwell plans to send Raz De Maree back to Britain for his next race, the Betfred Eider Chase on February 25th, before heading to Liverpool for the world's greatest steeplechase.
“It was a great run in Chepstow. It was just disappointing to come up against a horse like that,” said the Navan handler.
“He's come out of it good and has been in the form of his life.
“He'll probably go to the Eider and then the English National. That's the plan.”
Cromwell felt stablemate Jer's Girl was not at her best for some reason when last of five behind Petit Mouchoir in the Ryanair Hurdle at Leopardstown last week.
None the worse for that disappointing display, Jer's Girl has the OLBG Mares' Hurdle at the Cheltenham Festival as her main target.
“She ran a bit flat, but she's come out of the race okay,” said Cromwell.
“She'll go for the Mares' Hurdle at Cheltenham. Whether she runs in between, I'm not sure.”
“I don't blame the shark, I don't blame the bear, and I don't blame the rattlesnake,” said a 20-year-old resident of Colorado who had gotten bitten by all three of them.
Dylan McWilliams, a 20-year-old from Colorado, the man who's survived a snake, bear and shark attack!
Man...that was one bad day! pic.twitter.com/L9u3y3xnxK — Nicholas Walker Ph.D (@Nicknackwalker) April 22, 2018
A young outdoorsman Dylan McWilliams seems to have upset the animal kingdom as they keep coming one after another to hurt him.
20-year-old resident of Grand Junction, Colorado, survived his third bloody brush with the kingdom when a shark attacked him while he was boogie-boarding off the island of Kauai, Hawaii.
He was enjoying the Pacific waves by paddling into the lines-up at the beach when he felt something bite down on his leg.
"I was looking around and saw a bunch of blood,” said McWilliams.
It didn't take him long to spot the shark there who had already caused enough mess to make him wonder if he had lost half of his leg.
“At first I panicked,” he told the Honolulu Star-Advertiser. “I didn't know if I lost half my leg or what.”
Since McWilliams has had several encounters with wild animals, he was able to identify his recent attacker–a 6- to 8-foot tiger shark. He kicked it hard before attempting to swim to shore to safety.
“That was the scariest part. I didn't know where the shark was, and I didn't know if he would come after me again,” he said.
The shark left behind non-fatal yet distinctive teeth marks in Dylan's leg that needed seven stitches. He posted some gruesome photos on his Facebook account.
An ordeal like this is bound to make one wary of swimming in the ocean but the young McWilliams is just frustrated about the cuts and is impatient to get back on the surf.
“I'm just mad that I can't get back in the water for a couple days,” McWilliams told Hawaiian TV station KGMB.
His courage is hardly surprising as in the past he had encounters with creatures like a bear and a rattlesnake.
“The bear grabbed the back of my head and started pulling me and I was fighting back as best as I could. It dropped me and stomped on me a little bit, and I was able to get back to the group and they scared it away,”he said recounting the incident that took place last year when he was camping with some friends in Colorado.
Three years ago, he was bitten by a rattlesnake while hiking in Utah.
"I was walking down a trail and I thought I kicked a cactus but couldn't see one, and then saw a rattlesnake all coiled up," he said.
The deadly creatures may not have any mercy for McWilliams but he holds no grudge against them.
“I've always loved animals and spent as much time with them as I could,” he said. “I don't blame the shark, I don't blame the bear, and I don't blame the rattlesnake.”
Moreover, McWilliams repeated run of bad luck hasn't dimed his spirits as he still loves outdoors just as much.
"I still go hiking, I still catch rattle snakes, and I will still swim in the ocean," he said.
Read More Watch: Lion Attacks Tourist Who Patted Him While Posing For Pictures
Banner Image Credits: Pixabay
The federal Liberal government is spending $4.5 billion to buy Trans Mountain and all of Kinder Morgan Canada's core assets.
A protester holds a photo of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and a representation of the globe covered in oil during a protest against the Kinder Morgan Trans Mountain Pipeline expansion in Vancouver, B.C., on Tuesday May 29, 2018. The federal Liberal government is spending $4.5 billion to buy Trans Mountain and all of Kinder Morgan Canada's core assets, Finance Minister Bill Morneau said Tuesday as he unveiled the government's long-awaited, big-budget strategy to save the plan to expand the oilsands pipeline. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Darryl Dyck
Outrage over the federal government's announcement about buying the Trans Mountain pipeline to ensure it gets built could fuel unprecedented protests, says a prominent environmentalist who was at the forefront of British Columbia's so-called War in the Woods in the 1990s.
Tzeporah Berman said the fight against the pipeline expansion is even bigger than those over logging in Clayoquot Sound.
Canadians are angry the government is shelling out $4.5 billion to purchase the Trans Mountain pipeline rather than investing in clean energy after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's climate-change promises during the 2015 election and his later commitment to the Paris climate accord, she said.
“My experience is that people are motivated by betrayal, they're motivated by a lack of fairness, they're motivated by a sense of shared common purpose and outrage. In this case we have all of that,” said Berman, who was cleared of aiding and abetting protesters at the Clayoquot blockade and is now an adjunct professor of environmental studies at York University in Toronto.
Berman said the Liberal government “made a very big mistake” by backing Kinder Morgan's project and alienating voters to create “a perfect storm” that would prompt people to take action.
“I think a lot of us who knocked on doors for the Trudeau government really believed them when they said they were going to bring evidence-based analysis and science and democratic process back to pipeline reviews.”
Related: Trans Mountain pipeline: The economics of oil
Related: Trans Mountain pipeline: Is it worth the risk?
Berman is a director of Stand.earth, one of the groups that organized an anti-pipeline protest in Vancouver on Tuesday after Finance Minister Bill Morneau announced the government's plans for the pipeline between Edmonton and Burnaby, B.C. Another protest is planned in Victoria on Thursday.
“My expectation is that the outrage is going to grow and we're not just going it see it here in British Columbia but we're going to see it nationally and internationally,” she said, adding social media makes it possible for activists to connect in ways that didn't exist at the height of anti-logging protests in 1993.
“We didn't have email, we didn't have cellphones. It was a remote location that took most people five to seven hours to get through. This is a pipeline project that runs through urban centres,” she said of Trans Mountain.
Khelsilem, a Squamish Nation council member who goes by his first name, said the federal government's decision to pursue completion of the pipeline expansion threatens Indigenous communities if there was a spill of bitumen from increased tanker traffic in B.C. waters.
“Trudeau had promised during the election that he would create a new environmental process that would protect Indigenous rights and that the Kinder Morgan project would be included and sent back to be done through the new process, and on both those counts he's failed completely,” he said.
Along with multiple legal challenges involving the pipeline, the Squamish Nation and five other First Nations are involved in a Federal Court of Appeal case that targets Ottawa's approval of the project.
“The protesters and the opposition, and the civil disobedience is probably going to increase,” Khelsilem said.
“Our mandate from our people is to continue to defend our rights as a people and to protect our territory, not just for us but for future generations. We're going to continue to stand with our allies that support our Indigenous rights and change the story of Canada, that Canada is no longer a country that disregards Indigenous rights.”
Related: Trans Mountain pipeline: How we got here
Related: First Nations remain divided
Camille Bains, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
15 June, Dunai (Dolpa): Jufal airport, the only means of transport of remote district, Dolpa, has been closed from today.
According to the Jufal Office of the Civil Aviation Authority, the airport has been closed after black topping task of the airport has been started from today.
Project chief Bir Prasad Shahi said that the airport is being upgraded at a cost of Rs 98.1 million of the Civil Aviation Authority and it has been estimated that around two months would be required to complete the black topping task.
He said that air service could be brought into operation again within few days of completion of black topping.
Upgrading of the airport was obstructed time and again due to various reasons including lack of workers, unfavourable climate and not getting helicopters to supply construction materials on time, added Shahi.
According to the District Administration Office, Dolpa, preparation was underway to bring the Masinechour airport into operation until the completion of black topping of Jufal airport.RSS
Last Saturday at California Lutheran University, in a room filled with distinguished educators, Providence Hall was awarded the Outstanding Campus Award by the California Educators Hall of Fame.
The other finalist for the award was Oaks Christian in Thousand Oaks.
Providence Hall was recognized for its impact on its students and the community of Santa Barbara, according to Darrin Parrent, president of the Hall of Fame.
Criteria include overall academic excellence, teacher proficiency at drawing the best from each student, and a positive impact on the surrounding community.
“Providence Hall is honored to receive this award and to be in the company of such fine educators and educational institutions,” Head of School David O'Neil said. “I'm especially proud of this award because it recognizes our outstanding faculty and their commitment to excellence in their subject areas, and their unwavering pursuit to engage the minds and to shape the hearts of young people.”
— David O'Neil is head of school at Providence Hall.
Alberto El Patron has been stripped of the GFW World Heavyweight Championship, the company announced in a statement on Monday. You can read the statement below:
GFW has concluded its internal consideration of the events surrounding the suspension of Alberto El Patron. While it is apparent that initial reports unfairly characterized El Patron's involvement in the incident in the Orlando airport, we are nonetheless disappointed with the manner in which he dealt with this situation; we expect more decorum from all on the GFW roster, especially the World Champion. We have communicated with El Patron our decision to strip him of his championship title. No decision has been taken as to the date on which he will be reinstated to the roster, the conditions of which are a private matter between the company and El Patron.
Police confirmed that El Patron was detained following a domestic incident at the Orlando International Airport on July 9, 2017. He was not arrested and no charges were filed at the time.
TMZ reported Patron allegedly roughed up a female companion but did not mention his girlfriend Paige by name. There has been no indication that Patron got physical. In response, Paige tweeted this:
"WE got the cops involved. I'm crying cuz I found out bad fam news & a lady tries to take a pic. She gets angry throws a drink on @PrideOfMexico," tweeted Paige. "Please leave us alone. That's it."
Paige's tweet was highly disputed by eyewitness accounts and reports that followed the incident. TMZ obtained audio from the incident where Alberto is heard telling someone, possibly Paige, to "call the cops." Paige is heard crying and yelling, "Just stay out of my life. Leave me the f-ck alone. I'm trying to get away from you!"
A witness claimed El Patron and Paige were arguing and Patron told Paige he was pressing charges against her. A witness told Heavy.com that the couple were arguing on the airport tram system, with Paige screaming at El Patron that he had been doing cocaine for "two days straight" and she called him abusive. There were also claims El Patron smelled like alcohol.
GFW announced on July 12, 2017 that El Patron was suspended indefinitely. Over the course of the investigation, authorities determined Paige could face charges but none have been filed at press time. Patron has not worked for GFW since his suspension.
Both Paige and El Patron addressed the incident during a radio interview on Busted Open with Bully Ray and Dave Lagreca earlier this month. Each claimed they planned to return to work soon, with Paige going back to WWE and El Patron to GFW. Patron claimed a date for his return had been set but GFW clarified he was still suspended.
Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Columbian Dyip coach Ricky Dandan wants more from the 6'9 import CJ Aiken as they take on Meralco today in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA) Season 43 Commissioner's Cup at the Araneta Coliseum.
The Columbian Dyip, coming from a lopsided 126-98 win over Blackwater in the opener last Sunday will face the Bolts at 4:30 p.m. The Elite, on the other hand, will clash against Phoenix in the 7 p.m. second game.
Aiken, a former Saint Joseph stalwart, notched a measly nine points in his PBA debut on top of 22 rebounds, six steals, four assists and two blocks.
“CJ (Aiken) is okay, but he needs to be more aggressive. He has to be more aggressive against the other big imports, especially since we have (Arinze) Onuaku on Wednesday. We're up against a team that has been able to scout and prepare for us. We worked on counters and adjustments especially against Onuaku. We'll see how it goes,” said Dandan.
Besides Aiken, attention was also focused on former Rain or Shine reserve Jerramy King, who was acquired by Columbian via free agency market.
King exploded with a career-high 30 points while Rashawn McCarthy added 22 points, six assists and three steals to lead the Columbian Dyip to win. Columbian's 22 steals that night became the second all-time highest in PBA history.
But the Dyip will be running against serious opposition in the Bolts who are determined to redeem themselves after a disastrous campaign in the Philippine Cup.
Coach Norman Black of Meralco rehired former Best Import Arinze Onuaku to strengthen the Bolts' rebounding capabilities in the frontline. Onuaku led Meralco to the 2016 Commissioner's Cup semifinals averaging 20 points and 17.6 rebounds in the elimination round.
Besides Onuaku, Cliff Hodge, Reynel Hugnatan, Chris Newsome and Baser Amer are also expected to step up for the Bolts.
Blackwater and import Jarrid Famous, meanwhile, are expected to bounce back from an opening loss to Columbian as it faces the James White-reinforced Phoenix.
Linda Peckel
Football players prone to mild or severe chronic traumatic encephalopathy
This article originally appeared here.
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
Symptoms of hopelessness, explosivity, and verbally and physically violent tendencies were reported in mild CTE cases.
A groundbreaking study recently published in JAMA found compelling evidence of a strong link between chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) and North American football. Neuropathological evidence of CTE was identified on autopsy in the brains of 177 of 202 deceased men who had played football at the college level or higher for at least 2 years. Most striking was that 110 of 111 former National Football League players were neuropathologically diagnosed with severe CTE.
A group of investigators from the Neuropathology Service of the Veteran's Affairs Boston Healthcare System and the Boston University Alzheimer's Disease Center examined a convenience sample of 202 brains donated to a collaborative brain bank designed to better understand the long-term effect of repetitive head trauma. All participants in the study were men who died after age 35 years and who had played at least 2 years of college- or higher-level football.
Distribution of CTE showed a relationship between the level of play and the severity of disease, with the mildest CTE seen among 3 former high school players and the most severe cases seen among the 86% of players who were National Football League players and the players in the Canadian Football League. The mean duration of play among participants with mild CTE was 13 years (standard deviation, 4.2 years) compared with 15.8 years (standard deviation, 5.3 years) among those with severe CTE at autopsy.
Neuropathological findings were also associated with an array of behavioral, cognitive, language, and visuospatial symptoms reported in the informant histories of patients with both mild and severe CTE in the years before death. Behavioral symptoms and mood dysfunctions were reported by informants in 43% of cases as the first sign: 26 (96%) participants with mild CTE and 75 (89%) severe CTE cases.
An evolutionary pattern to the disease was also observed, in which decreasing prevalence from mild to severe CTE was reported across several mood and behavioral symptoms, including impulsivity, depression, and anxiety, ranging from 23 (89%), 18 (67%), and 14 (52%) in mild cases to 65 (80%), 46 (56%), and 41 (50%) in severe cases, respectively. Cognitive symptoms appeared to increase with severity, being reported in 85% of mild CTE cases and 95% of severe cases.
Other symptoms of hopelessness, explosivity, and verbally and physically violent tendencies were reported in 69%, 67%, 63%, and 52% of mild CTE cases, respectively. Suicidal behavior (ideation, attempts, or completions) was identified in 56% of mild CTE cases and was the leading cause of death for these participants. This skewed the median age at the time of death to occur at a significantly younger age for patients with mild CTE (44 years; interquartile range, 29-64 years) compared with those with severe CTE (71 years; interquartile range, 64-79 years), who most frequently died from neurodegenerative causes.
This study was the largest CTE case series ever conducted, and the results are likely to have an effect on all sports in which head trauma occurs. In an interview with CNN, senior author Ann McKee, MD, chief of neuropathology at the VA Boston Healthcare System at Boston University, stated, "There's no question that there's a problem in football...and we urgently need to find answers for not just football players, but veterans and other individuals exposed to head trauma."
The investigators were careful to point out a selection bias in which the football players whose brains were donated to the brain bank for study had histories of repeated head trauma and many had significant clinical signs of brain damage at the time of death. The high frequency of CTE among this cohort was expected, and not generalizable to the overall population of football players.
Reference
Mez J, Daneshvar DH, Kiernan PT, et al. Clinicopathological evaluation of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in players of American football. JAMA. 2017;318(4):360-370.
The transit zones that German Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservative Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and its Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU) sister party agreed to after a heated debate over asylum policy already exist in Hungary. Asylum-seekers there aren't allowed to enter the country directly, but are stopped at two crossing points along a border fence with Serbia. They are then sent into the transit zone, a closed-off container village.
According to the Hungary Helsinki Committee (HHC) aid group, only one person per crossing point is allowed to enter the transit zone each day, a figure denied by a spokesperson for Hungary's government. "It's not our fault that so few people want to come to Hungary," Janos Lazar, the head of the prime minister's office, said in February.
Read more: Austria brings hard-line refugee policy to EU
The HHC estimates that there are roughly 4,000 migrants on the Serbian side of the border, waiting to file for asylum in Hungary.
Transit into no man's land
In the transit zone, which Hungary has declared a no-man's-land, officials then check whether the asylum-seeker has been registered in another European Union country or whether the asylum application is obviously unfounded for other reasons. This process usually only takes a few hours, but can last up to 15 days.
Hungary keeps asylum-seekers in transit zones near its border with Serbia
If asylum-seekers turn out to be already registered in the Eurodac asylum database from an application in another EU country, as part of the bloc's Dublin Regulation on asylum policy, they are taken directly to the Serbian side of the border fence and banned from re-entering the entire Schengen area.
In theory, the rejected applicant is entitled to appeal the decision, but this only happens rarely, according to the HHC. In most cases there is no time left for such a step, or asylum seekers have no legal assistance nor access to the necessary procedures.
Read more: Europe's Schengen Area: What you need to know
If the asylum application is accepted and processed, applicants are placed under surveillance in the transit zone, which they are not allowed to leave. The following asylum procedure takes three to six months in Hungary, including a judicial review.
Rejected asylum seekers are returned to Serbia from the transit zone. The European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg condemned this practice back in March 2017. At the time, the judges sided with two asylum-seekers from Bangladesh who were held in a transit zone for 23 days and were finally brought to Serbia. The court called their internment illegal. The deportation to Serbia was also criticized because there was a risk of a "chain deportation" to Greece. Hungary has appealed this judgment. A final verdict is still pending.
Few asylum seekers in Hungary
The restrictive approach to asylum procedures means that the number of cases in Hungary is close to Prime Minister Viktor Orban's ideal of not letting anyone in. In the first four months of this year, 2,363 migrants were rejected directly at the entrances to the transit zone. A report from the HHC found only 325 persons were able to apply for asylum. In on-going asylum procedures, 326 applicants were rejected and immediately deported, while 267 people were granted refugee or protection status.
Watch video 07:55 Now live 07:55 mins. Share The Day – Migration Compromise Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/30i14 The Day – Migration Compromise
Despite these figures, Orban has expressed concern over mass immigration and declared a "state of emergency" over the issue. This trick is the only way for Hungary to legally detain asylum-seekers under EU asylum law, which states that detention in transit zones can only be considered an exception in cases of exacerbated migration pressure.
In order to be able to immediately reject asylum seekers who somehow enter Hungary, the Hungarian government has introduced the so-called eight kilometer rule. Any migrant found up to eight kilometers (five miles) from the border can be taken to the transit zones without further inspection.
Read more: How do refugees in Germany view Seehofer's tougher migration plan?
Human rights organizations report that sometimes migrants are arrested outside the eight kilometer zone somewhere in Hungary and taken across the border into Serbia without any further examination. Lawyers disagree on whether transit zones in Hungary can be considered a no-man's-land at all, since the term does not exist under international law.
The EU's commissioner for migration, Dimitris Avramopoulos, visited Hungary in March 2017 and called on the government to respect standards of humane accommodation. Avramopoulos did not directly criticize the idea of transit zones, as interior ministers from EU states had essentially decided a year earlier to set up such areas at the bloc's external borders and to copy the Hungarian model.
The German government's hopes of opening transit zones on its border with Austria could prove difficult
Transit zone at an internal EU border?
For transit zones to work, it is imperative to seal off the border with a fence or very tight border controls. This is the only way to keep asylum-seekers and migrants from entering the country and to ensure they register in the transit zones first and file their applications there.
Read more: Germany's asylum system in numbers
In the case of Germany, this would mean that the border with Austria would have to be closed off and controlled along its entire length of 817 kilometers. But this wouldn't comply with the rules of free movement within the Schengen area.
Hungary is also returning the asylum-seekers it rejects to Serbia, a non-EU state considered a safe third country. Germany, on the other hand, would send people from its transit zones back to the Schengen states of the Czech Republic or Austria, who would not have to accept them. The only way to guarantee that rejected asylum-seekers could stay in Austria and the Czech Republic would be for the countries to sign corresponding agreements with Germany, but both nations have ruled this out.
EATON, Ohio (WDTN) — A Preble County Grand Jury indicted four people as a result of a drug trafficking investigation in Eaton.
The Preble Sheriff's Office arrested two of those suspects, while two others are still on the run.
Nicholas B. Knaff, age 34 of Eaton, was indicted and arrested on the following charges:
(2) counts of Aggravated Trafficking of Drugs, 3rd Degree Felonies
(2) counts of Aggravated Possession of Drugs, 5th Degree Felonies
Each of these offenses happened within 1000 feet of a school. Knaff is accused of selling methamphetamine to undercover officers.
He was arrested on August 8th and appeared in Preble County Common Pleas Court on August 9th.
Knaff was released on his own recognizance by the court.
Cheyla Woolums, age 20 of Eaton, was indicted and arrested on the following charges:
(1) Count of Trafficking in Drugs, a 5th Degree Felony
(1) Count of Possession of Drugs, a 5th Degree Felony
Woolums is accused of selling heroin to undercover officers. She was already incarcerated in the Preble County Jail at the time of the indictment on drug related charges.
Detectives are in the progress of locating two additional suspects in this investigation
Her announcement also called attention to allegations of corruption (one of Cuomo's former top aides was just convicted on pay-to-play charges last week), neglect of the New York City subway system, which the governor has a big hand in, and shady deals with Republicans in Albany to give them control of the state Senate.
Anticipating the challenge, Cuomo has been flexing his political muscle and firing warning shots, especially at his bete noire, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio.
Nixon is a prominent supporter of de Blasio, and several of his top aides are involved in her campaign, leading some Cuomo allies to see Nixon as a proxy for the mayor.
Beyond show business, Nixon has been active in New York City politics, especially around public education and same-sex marriage.
Cuomo is in a strong position politically, with 66 percent of registered Democrats supporting him, compared with 19 percent for Nixon, according to a recent Siena College poll. But Nixon has room to grow, with around six-in-10 Democrats remaining undecided about her.
"Nixon knows the hill is a very steep one, especially given Cuomo's massive money advantage, but Cuomo actually also has a herculean task before him," said Jonathan Tasini, a progressive activist who challenged Hillary Clinton's re-election as senator from New York in 2006, just before she launched her first presidential campaign.
"If (Cuomo) is seriously considering running for president in 2020, he can't have Nixon run up a north-of-40 percent number, which is entirely doable because the energized progressive wing has no big love for the incumbent," Tasini said.
Liberal activist Zephyr Teachout, who won nearly 35 percent of the vote against Cuomo in the 2014 Democratic primary, is Nixon's campaign treasurer.
Cuomo appears to have been taking steps to brace himself for the challenge, running TV ads and rolling out big endorsements, even as he dismisses Nixon as a B-list celebrity.
Last week, the governor made a show of laying on the ground in Zuccotti Park, the erstwhile home of Occupy Wall Street, for a "die in" to protest gun violence.
And he's been stepping up his attacks on de Blasio, using a speech at a church Sunday to call the city's public housing "disgusting" and to compare the city's Rikers Island jail to South Africa's notorious Robben Island, where Nelson Mandela was imprisoned.
Cuomo invoked his father, former three-term New York Gov. Mario Cuomo, and said De Blasio's 10-year-plan to rebuild the prison is too slow.
"We're building a new LaGuardia Airport, it takes four years. We're building a new bridge over the Hudson River, it takes five years. They wanted to build Yankee Stadium, it took them one year," Cuomo said of de Blasio's lengthy plan to rebuild Rikers, according to the New York Daily News. "You know what it means when they say it takes them 10 years to build a jail? It's not a priority."
AOL announced Friday that it is discontinuing its pioneering Instant Messenger chat platform after 20 years of service.
An article on AOL's website posted Friday says AOL Instant Messenger will be discontinued on December 15. In a blog post , a spokesman for AOL's parent company explained the platform's demise as the casualty of the evolving way people communicate.
"AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed," wrote Michael Albers, vice president of communications at Oath.
The program will still function until December 15 After that date, users won't be able to sign in and all data will be deleted. AOL says people with an aim.com email address will still be able to use it.
Advertisement
Launched in 1997, AOL Instant Messenger was at the forefront of what was called at the time the biggest trend in online communication since email.
The platform, which provided instant access to friends and contacts on a user's "buddy list," was wildly popular for the first few years after its launch. It claimed more than 100 million registered users in 2001.
AOL was fiercely protective of its dominance in the instant messaging market.
It fended off rivals, including Microsoft, by blocking their messaging platforms from communicating with AOL users. Its actions prompted a coalition of rivals to complain to the federal government ahead of AOL's ill-fated merger with Time Warner that was completed in 2001.
Its popularity as a communication tool waned amid the rise of text messaging, Google Chat and social networking sites.
Despite the decline in usage, the announcement Friday made the platform a trending topic online and revealed an outpouring of nostalgia. Some users posted images of the AIM's famous "running man" logo outfitted with wings and a halo. Others reminisced.
In his post, Albers noted the strong affinity many feel for the messaging platform and its place in the evolution of communication.
"In the late 1990s, the world had never seen anything like it," he wrote.
The entries in the competition staged by the TV channel Gold were shortlisted by a panel of judges and then put to a public vote.
A gag about Prime Minister Theresa May has won a national competition to write the best modern Christmas cracker joke.
The best line was voted to be: “Why was Theresa May sacked as nativity manager? She couldn't run a stable government”, which was penned by Samuel Williams, 35, from Kent.
Gags about Donald Trump, Brexit, Southern Rail and Ryanair also proved popular in the annual competition by UKTV channel Gold.
Gags about Theresa May and Donald Trump both proved popular (Stefan Rousseau/PA)
The second placed joke was: “Why don't Southern Rail train guards share advent calendars? They want to open the doors themselves”, while “What's the difference between Ryanair and Santa? Santa flies at least once a year”, came third.
The entries were submitted via Twitter and shortlisted by a panel of judges led by comedy critic Bruce Dessau before being put to a public vote of 2,000 British adults.
Dessau said: “In a world that seems to have turned upside down in recent years, there is something wonderfully reassuring about the fact that people have still retained their sense of humour and come up with some inspired gags for this year's Gold Christmas Crackers competition.
“The subjects of the jokes that were entered reflects the issues that concern the country today: from Brexit and Donald Trump to Bruce Forsyth and Southern Rail, people have still been able to find the funny side.”
Williams will receive £1,500 towards a holiday and a box of bespoke Gold Christmas Crackers, one of which will contain his own gag.
The top 10 jokes were voted to be:
1. Why was Theresa May sacked as nativity manager? She couldn't run a stable government.
2. Why don't Southern Rail train guards share advent calendars? They want to open the doors themselves.
3. What's the difference between Ryanair and Santa? Santa flies at least once a year.
4. Kim Jong-un will play Santa this year in the South's annual pantomime. He said he fancied a Korea change.
5. Why did Donald Trump continuously decorate the Christmas tree? Because people kept saying “moron” to him.
6. Why was the planned Ryanair TV documentary scrapped? They were unable to air a pilot.
7. Which TV Christmas special is being filmed in Brussels this year? Deal Or No Deal.
8. Theresa May has asked Santa for a home makeover this year. First thing on the list was a new Cabinet.
9. What did Bruce Forsyth say when the Christmas pheasant repeated on him? “Good game, good game”.
10. Why did Jeremy Corbyn ask people not to eat sprouts on Christmas Day? He wants to give peas a chance.
© Press Association 2017
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Bromwich Albion's persistent failings came back to haunt them at Bournemouth as the Baggies fell to an eighth straight defeat.
Jay Rodriguez put Albion in front shortly after half-time but, not for the first time, Albion could not see out the lead.
Jordan Ibe equalised before Junior Stanislas stole the points with an 89th minute free-kick.
Matt Phillips had an injury time header cleared off the line as Bournemouth held on to condemn Albion to a seventh league loss on the spin.
There was far more spirit than in the capitulation to Leicester but the outcome was the same.
It's only a matter of time before West Brom drop, with ten points now distancing them from safety with only seven games left.
ALBION (5-3-2)
FOSTER 5.5
Will be desperately disappointed with Ibe's goal. Capped an unusually poor display from Foster who's kicking, from off the deck and out of hand, was awry.
HEGAZI 6.5
Delivered a decent cross for Rondon first half. Escaped a penalty scare first half.
GIBBS 7.5
Neat and tidy as usual. Defended well against Ibe. Played a big part in Rodriguez's goal and nearly set up an injury time equaliser.
DAWSON 6
Stuck his head in front of any number of crosses after the goal gave Albion something to hold on to. But Bournemouth's winner came frona free-kick he cheaply conceded.
EVANS 6.5
Thankfully his foul on Stanislas at the end of the first half was not punished with a goal.
NYOM 6.5
Tried to edge forward from wing-back on a few occasions. Nearly found Rondon with an early cross.
LIVERMORE 7.5
Won a number of interceptions early on. Strangely booked after a hefty coming together with Smith when it was the Albion man fouled.
YACOB 7
Hardly a shrinking violet on his first start in six weeks. Motivated and instructed his team-mates at every break in play. Vehemently contested every decision. Made a vital block from Stanislas. Big impact.
BRUNT 6.5
Did a decent job at tracking back to snuff out Ibe's threat for most of the match.
RODRIGUEZ 7
Finished his goal with great composure. Three goals in his last two visits to the Vitality.
RONDON 7
Got above Ake to set up Rodriguez's strike. Reward, perhaps, for another energetic outing.
SUBSTITUTES:
PHILLIPS (for Evans, 76) 6
Unlucky to see an injury time header cleared off the line.
FIELD (for Brunt, 82) 6
Tried to knit play together to keep Albion on the ball.
ROBSON-KANU (for Rodriguez, 86) 6
Thankfully picked himself up after a sicking clash of heads with Ake.
Subs not used: Myhill, Field, Burke, Krychowiak, McClean.
OPPOSITION
Bournemouth (4-4-2): Begovic, Cook, Francis (Daniels, 16), Ibe, Ake, Cook, Stanislas, Gosling, Smith (Mousset, 57), Wilson (Defoe, 73), King.
Subs: Boruc, Fraser, Surman, Pugh.
GOALS
BOURNEMOUTH: Ibe (77) Stanislas (89)
ALBION: Rodriguez (49)
THE REF: G. Scott (Oxfordshire)
NEXT UP: Burnley (h) Saturday, March 31, 3pm.
Rashid Khan has arrived to link up with his new Sussex Sharks teammates for the Vitality T20 Blast campaign.
The world's best T20 bowler has joined the Sharks for the opening half of the campaign and is in line to make his debut in Chelmsford this evening (July 4).
The 19-year-old said: "It's a pleasure to be here. I'm pretty excited about the first match to start. Playing for a county is always a pleasure and a big honour. I'm really excited to finally be here, and I will try my best to deliver well."
For such a young player, Khan has a wealth of T20 experience following stunning performances in the Big Bash and the IPL. He is one of the biggest stars in world cricket right now, and cannot wait to link up with Jason Gillespie again.
The pair worked together with the Adelaide Strikers, and the leg-spinner was integral to Dizzy's side, finishing joint top of the wicket-taking charts with 18 wickets in 11 innings, with an economy rate of 5.65 runs per over - the lowest in the tournament.
"I had a good time with Dizzy in the Big Bash," said Khan. "It's really good to be here, back with him. He's really supportive, on the field and off the field, and I think the way he kept us in the Big Bash was amazing. Hopefully there will be lots of new things I will learn from him."
Khan has also played with and against the likes of Chris Jordan, Tymal Mills, Jofra Archer and Luke Wright during his time playing around the world in T20 competitions.
Khan said: "I know Chris Jordan from our time in the IPL. (Tymal) Mills is also here, (Jofra) Archer is here, Luke Wright - we had a good time in Australia, we met there.
"I know a few players. I think we have a very good combination, a very good team - as a batting unit and a bowling unit. We just need to work together, believe in each other and support each other and hopefully we will go well!"
Wright ready for Blast-off
Squad named for opener in Essex
The @AdvantageAssam Summit will focus on vital sectors including power, agriculture and food processing, IT, transportation, petrochemicals, pharmaceuticals, textiles & handicrafts and tourism. Such a summit will contribute towards fulfilling the aspirations of Assam's youth.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) February 2, 2018
Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani today announced an investment of Rs 2,500 crore in Assam in various sectors, including retail, petroleum, telecom, tourism and sports, creating jobs for at least 80,000 people over the next three years."Today I am happy to announce five commitments for Assam over the next three years. Reliance will invest an additional Rs 2,500 crore to augment its presence in this market," he said at the inaugural function of the Global Investors Summit 2018 here.Under this programme, the company will enhance its retail division's outlet to 40 from existing two, while the number of petrol depots will be increased to 165 from the existing 27, he added."We are also going to open new offices in all 145 tehsil headquarters across Assam. Our approach has always been to create sustainable livelihood opportunities and have generated 20,000 jobs in Assam," Ambani said.Assam has always been a low priority market for other telecom operators, but it is a 'Category A' market for Reliance, he added."We now target to increase the sustainable livelihood opportunities by five-fold to 1,00,000 jobs," Ambani said.In the tourism sector, the company's CSR wing Reliance Foundation will partner with Assam government to set up a centre at an university to promote "wildlife protection and eco-tourism", he added."In football, ISL is a huge success in Assam. We have decided to establish a top class football academy inpartnership with Government of Assam to produce global players from the state," Ambani said.Reliance Industries has become the largest private sector investor in Assam by putting in Rs 5,000 crore over the last few years, he said.The company's telecom arm 'Jio' has over 30 lakh users at present and aims to increase it manifold in the coming months, he added.Complimenting Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal for organising the 'Advantage Assam - Global Investors Summit 2018', Ambani said: "Assam's development potential is limitless. In 50's, the state was a developed one with its per capital income more than the national average."The Global Investors Summit is happening at an appropriate time with the country also "rising under theleadership of a very popular Prime Minister Narendra Modi", whose thrust on 'ease of living' is touching many other countries, he added.Ambani also praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his government "presenting one of the best budgets in recent times" by focusing on all segments of the society, including the farmers.
NAIROBI, Kenya — Namibian media say an elephant trampled and killed an Argentine who was in a group of hunters tracking a herd of elephants.
The Namibia Press Agency said the hunter, identified as 46-year-old Jose Monzalvez, was killed on Saturday afternoon in a private wildlife area 70 kilometres (43 miles) northwest of the small town of Kalkfeld.
The agency said Monzalvez, who worked for an oil company, was with another Argentine and three Namibians when he was killed. It says one of the elephants charged before the group was able to find a spot to aim and shoot.
The report says Monzalvez had a hunting permit with him and that relatives have been informed of his death.
New Carrick Rangers boss Niall Currie has bolstered his options by bringing in two new faces at Taylor's Avenue.
Winger Craig McMillen and goalkeeper Aaron Hogg again link up with the Gers manager, having played under him at their former club, Ards.
Carrick boss Niall Currie
The double signing comes hot on the heels of the arrivals of Ashton McDermott and Tre Sterling at the Champions outfit.
"Craig was the first signing I made as Ards manager and he's a wonderful character who has a wonderful energy about him," Currie told the club website.
"He has good spatial awareness on the pitch, can get past players and will work himself to a standstill.
"He's exactly the type of player I wanted to bring to Carrick as he's wholehearted and will be a great character in and around the changing room.
"I must also give Craig credit for sticking to his word and signing for us despite a late approach from a Premiership club; we're absolutely delighted to get him.”
Currie, who succeeded David McAlinden in the Carrick hot seat last week, also spoke highly of former Glentoran stopper Hogg.
"Aaron was absolutely outstanding for me at Ards and he was the main reason as to why we were sitting in such a good position before I left the club.
"He's another big character and he, like Craig, showed that he wanted to come on board at Carrick and as such it's great to have someone of Aaron's calibre."
Media Contact
Susan Baah
212-651-0679
***@theshowproducers.com Susan Baah212-651-0679
End
-- SMALL BUSINESS EXPO® (http://www.thesmallbusinessexpo.com), the nation's largest business to business trade show, will return to Miami on Thursday, February 16th.The day-long conference and trade show, travels the country's top cities for small business bringing together industry thought leaders and experts in a hands-on environment that features more than 20+ free workshops and programs along with 100+ interactive booths, demos and brand exhibits. Headlining the event is Bill Walsh, Founder and CEO of Powerteam International with a presentation:Success By Design: How To Use Internet Marketing, Social Media & Live Events To Build Your Business.Start-ups and business owners can take advantage of free admission and educational workshops covering online/social media marketing, employee benefit plans, credit and financing, strategies for increasing revenue and team productivity, mentoring, cloud technologies, retirement plans and much more.Registration has already exceeded our original expectation of 4,500 registered attendees and numbers will only increase as the show approaches. Small Business Expo ( https://www.thesmallbusinessexpo.com/ event-view/miami/ ) brings in attendees from across the Miami metropolitan area shopping for business resources, developing business leads, gaining new insights and networking with peers."Experts tell us that more and more Miami residents are wanting to take the entrepreneurial leap," says event founder Zachary Lezberg, "but that the biggest barrier to starting a new business is that people don't think they can" he adds, "With the program we've put together, we believe our attendees will feel more empowered by the end of the day."This year's Titanium Sponsor: Powerteam International will be joined by Platinum Sponsor: EmergeAnywhere - Office Space Services, Gold Sponsors: AT&T, DiversityComm Publication, Geico, Progressive Commercial, Wells Fargo and Xero; and Silver Sponsors: Advance Local, Bank of America, Benchmark Email, BizTV/BizTalkRadio, Cogeco Peer 1, Host.net, Public Speaker Mastery Program, Rand Internet Marketing, Smart Money Academy, SignOnTheGo, U4G, Verizon Wireless, Vistaprint, Xendoo, YP Marketing Solutions and Ziplocal.MIAMI SMALL BUSINESS EXPO will take place at the Miami Convention Center | James L Knight Center - Riverfront Hall – 400 SE 2nd Ave., Miami, FL 33131 from 9:00 am until 5:00 pm.For media inquiries, or complimentary press passes please contact: Susan Baah 212-651-0679, susan@theshowproducers.com.About Small Business ExpoSMALL BUSINESS EXPO® is the nation's largest small business networking and learning event, and an Inc. 5000 company. Every year, over 65,000 small business professionals and entrepreneurs across the country attend the SMALL BUSINESS EXPO in 18 MAJOR US Markets to take their business to the next level. The show's owner, Film, Stage & ShowBiz Expo LLC. was founded in 2008 by Zachary Lezberg. The company's headquarters are located at 555 8th AVE Suite 909 New York, NY 10018. For more information, visit www.thesmallbusinessexpo.com , call (212) 404-2345, or email: info@thesmallbusinessexpo.com . For additional information, follow and connect on our social networks:LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/small-business-expoFacebook: www.facebook.com/SmallBusinessExpoTwitter: www.twitter.com/TheBizExpoYou Tube: www.youtube.com/user/SmallBusinessExpo
It's July. Apple is probably going to launch new iPhones in a few weeks. And this is great news for budget-conscious shoppers in the market for a second-user iPhone 8.
iPhone 8 Plus, appreciate
One of the most popular smartphones money can buy, iPhone 8/Pus is the quintessence of iPhone design.
I described it as being, “Iconic, (it) delivers everything we have grown to expect from the brand... a traditional and time-tested counterpoint to the new-fangled iPhone X.”
[ To comment on this story, visit Computerworld's Facebook page. ]
Compromises? Sure: it lacks FaceID (so no animojis for you), and hosts a 1,920-x-1,080 LCD Retina display rather than the 2,436-x-1,125 OLED display you get in iPhone X.
Despite those limitations, the iPhone 8 boasts the same record-setting A11 processor, an equivalent camera (in the Plus models), and everything else that makes it such a great device.
These devices are also familiar to use to long-term iPhone users, and a little cheaper.
This makes them great for millions of users.
The good news? iPhone 8 is about to get even better, because...
iOS 12 is coming
Apple revealed its new smartphone OS at WWDC, promising 40 percent faster app launches and 50 percent faster keyboards than iOS 11 provides.
I've been impressed with the beta. (A third developer beta is now in circulation). It delivers on Apple's promised performance benefits on any iPhone it runs on, including iPhone 5s.
iPhone 8 series devices are already the fastest ‘traditionally-designed' Apple smartphones you can get. iOS 12 runs like butter off a hot knife on them, according to 1Password's tests.
If you already own an iPhone 8, then it is about to get a software upgrade that not only adds new features, but also makes the device even better in performance and stability terms.
Regular software upgrades is one of the standard benefits of Apple's ecosystem. That's why this comparative Galaxy S8 Plus versus iPhone 8 tests really should be revisited once iOS 12 ships, as the Apple device will be even better than before.
(For comparison, here's the track record for OS updates to Samsung's device.)
Apple will ship new iPhones soon
According to current speculation, Apple will ship three new iPhone models (small, regular, large?) this year. It will likely announce them in fall.
These may all be equipped with Face ID and be a little more affordable than iPhone X. They'll also carry a new and much faster A-series processor.
Apple controls both the hardware and the software, so it's inevitable that the new devices will set yet another new standard for mobile device performance. They will inevitably be the most popular iPhones since the last iPhones. History shows that's what usually happens.
Get ready for the new
So, what else happens when Apple ships new smartphones?
A substantial number of people usually sell their old device to make a little cash to help pay for the new model.
This usually leads to a short-term spike in the cost of recent second-user iPhones, followed by a subsequent slump as that market becomes saturated. The trick is to sell your old device before the slump kicks in – or wait until after it does if you're buying.
What does this mean to a budget-conscious consumer or enterprise user in the market for a replacement device, but anxious about the cost? It means you can expect to pick up a second user iPhone for significantly less than book price.
Time to grab a bargain?
If you are got hold of an iPhone 8 Plus you'll be seizing a real opportunity.
Not only will you be investing in a much better device at a better price, but you will also know your new second user iPhone will see significant performance and capability improvements this fall.
It already has a fast processor, wireless charging, a great camera and the capacity to fit snugly inside an iPhone 7 case – and even better battery life than iPhone X (14-15-hours for the Plus against 12-13-hours for the X).
The quintessence of traditional iPhone design, iPhone 8 becomes an even better device one year on.
How often do consumer electronics devices offer you that?
One more thing: You'll also have a device that's likely to be capable of running Apple's next OS updates in 2019 and 2020, when I expect the company to deliver highly significant platform enhancements around AI, AR and new platforms. Which will be another story.
Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and get involved with the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple?
Got a story? Please drop me a line via Twitter and let me know. I'd like it if you chose to follow me on Twitter so I can let you know about new articles I publish and reports I find.
DHARAMSALA Australia coach Darren Lehmann has hailed 'Bradman-like' Steve Smith for his consistent form with the bat and believes the 27-year-old has the potential to become one of Australia's great captains.
Smith's emerging side lost a tight four-match series to India 2-1 on Tuesday but he did lead them to a first test match victory in the country since 2004 when they beat the world's top-ranked side inside three days in the series opener in Pune.
The unorthodox batsman was the top scorer in the series with 499 runs, which included three hundreds, and Lehmann said his consistency was similar to former great Donald Bradman, who retired with a career test batting average of 99.94.
"He's been brilliant," Lehmann told reporters in Dharamsala. "He's been unbelievable. He's been Bradman-like with the bat but all the stuff behind the scenes has been exceptional.
"Really pleased for him and what he's brought to the team as a leader. The way they've gone about it has been impressive.
"He's led from the front, the captain. Three hundreds in four test matches is pretty special."
Last year, Australia suffered a 3-0 whitewash in Sri Lanka before Smith's men were beaten at home in the first two tests of a three-match series by South Africa.
An overhauled side gained a consolation win against the Proteas in a day-nighter at Adelaide Oval and then hammered visiting Pakistan 3-0.
Australia's Pune win halted India's unbeaten streak of 19 tests, surprising many after the touring side arrived in the country on the back of nine straight losses in Asia.
Lehmann was confident Smith, ranked number one among test batsmen, could match the success achieved by Australia's modern captains like Michael Clarke, Ricky Ponting, Steve Waugh and Mark Taylor.
"Yeah I think so. He's a cricket nuffie (obsessed with the sport), loves the game," Lehmann said. "He's passionate about the game, loves the game, loves his players. Helps support staff out.
"Behind the scenes, he's into it every day, making sure everyone is okay. I've been so proud of him as a leader. He's a different leader to Michael, to Ricky, to Taylor, to Waugh. And he's working out his own identity as a captain.
"Everyone is proud of him. So pleased with where he is going. He'll just get better and better."
(Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai; Editing by John O'Brien)
Rainsy has ‘no interest' in ongoing court cases
Exiled politician Sam Rainsy says he no longer has “any interest” in contesting a suite of legal cases brought against him by government officials, with his lawyer yesterday skipping a court appearance related to the prime minister's defamation suit against him.
Rainsy, who on Saturday quit as Cambodia National Rescue Party president and left the party, was summonsed to appear yesterday for questioning over the premier's $1 million defamation case for comments suggesting he paid social media activist Thy Sovantha the same amount to attack the opposition. Handling another case, his Cambodia-based lawyer Sam Sokong did not turn up.
From France, where he has lived since 2015 to avoid prison in a case widely considered politically motivated, Rainsy said fighting in Cambodia's “kangaroo courts” was “useless”.
“They don't deliver justice according to the law, they work according to politics,” Rainsy said on the phone, adding a political solution was the only approach to the slew of cases, among which are two convictions carrying seven years of prison time.
Reached yesterday, Sokong said he wasn't sure whether the CNRP would continue funding Rainsy's legal defence now that he had stepped down, though maintained he would see the case through and soon submit further evidence, including leaked purported online chats between Sovantha and the premier, which were the basis of his client's accusation.
Court spokesman and prosecutor in the case Ly Sophana said the action would continue, regardless of the absence of the defendant or his lawyer.
It's all kicking off this week, especially in terms of music as Belsonic Belfast prepares for its big return.
Set in Ormeau Park this year and featuring huge names from indie rock band Arcade Fire, The Kooks, The 1975, Martin Garrix and Jess Glyne - this Belsonic could looks set to be the best one yet. And as if that wasn't enough, The Stone Roses announced this year they're returning with a small UK Arena Tour playing only three shows, one of them happening in Belfast.
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari, adding th...
Two people were injured late Sunday in an explosion at a home in Austin, Texas, the fourth mysterious bombing in the city this month, police said.
The blast came just hours after police made a direct public appeal to the unknown bomber or bombers suspected of leaving packages that exploded and killed a 39 year-old man on March 2, and two explosive packages on March 12, including one that killed a 17 year-old man.
The county Emergency Medical Service said on Twitter that they responded to reports of an explosion around 8:30 pm (0130 GMT Monday), and two men in their 20s were rushed to a hospital with serious injuries.
Authorities were investigating the previous bombings as possible hate crimes as the two men killed were African-American, and a Hispanic woman was seriously injured. Police did not mention the race of the Sunday victims.
“Stay inside your home until we have had a chance to deem this neighborhood safe,” Austin interim Police Chief Brian Manley said at a news conference after the blast.
“That will not be, at a minimum until daylight, given the darkness and the size of the area that we want to go in and check to make sure again that this neighborhood is safe.”
Because of the darkness “we have not really had an opportunity to really look at this blast site to determine what has happened,” Manley said.
Police believe the earlier attacks were related. All of the cardboard packages were hand-delivered, not sent through the mail, and the bombs were built with household items available at hardware stores.
The Austin-American Statesman reported that Manley said the Sunday explosive was possibly triggered by a trip-wire, unlike the previous bombs.
He also said investigators are operating under the assumption that the Sunday attack is connected to the three prior blasts.
A task force of hundreds of agents is working on the case, including criminal profilers and experts from the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms (ATF).
At an earlier press conference Sunday, Manley addressed the unknown bomber or bombers directly.
“We want to understand what brought you to this point, and we want to listen to you,” he said.
Police also said they were increasing the reward offered for information leading to an arrest, bringing the total city and state bounty money to $115,000.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — As Southern California enters its second week engulfed in flames, fire officials anticipate more growth and danger due to continued strong wind gusts, no rain and decades-old dry vegetation.
A powerful flare-up on the western edge of the largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday, as wind-fanned flames ripped down hillsides toward coastal towns northwest of Los Angeles. New evacuations were ordered as the fire sent up an enormous plume near Montecito and Carpinteria, seaside areas in Santa Barbara County.
"The winds are kind of squirrely right now," said county fire spokesman Mike Eliason. "Some places the smoke is going straight up in the air, and others it's blowing sideways. Depends on what canyon we're in."
Southern California's gusty Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region's most disastrous wildfires. They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean, speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons.
Advertisement
Gusts of up to 40 mph (64 kph) are expected through Monday, according to the National Weather Service.
Containment increased Sunday on other major blazes in Los Angeles, Riverside and San Diego counties. Resources from those fires were diverted to the Santa Barbara foothills to combat the 270-square-mile (699-sq. kilometer) fire that started Dec. 4 in neighboring Ventura County.
As of late Sunday, the Thomas Fire had destroyed 790 structures and damaged 191.
Fires are not typical in Southern California this time of year but can break out when dry vegetation and too little rain combine with the Santa Ana winds. Though the state emerged this spring from a yearslong drought, hardly any measurable rain has fallen in the region over the past six months.
"This is the new normal," Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown warned Saturday after surveying damage from the deadly Ventura fire. The governor and experts said climate change is making wildfires a year-round threat.
High fire risk is expected to last into January.
The air thick with acrid smoke, even residents of areas not under evacuation orders took the opportunity to leave, fearing another shutdown of U.S. 101, a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week. Officials handed out masks to residents who stayed behind in Montecito, the wealthy hillside enclave that's home to celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Rob Lowe.
"Our house is under threat of being burned," Ellen DeGeneres tweeted at midday Sunday. "We just had to evacuate our pets. I'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters."
Ojai experienced hazardous levels of smoke at times and officials warned of unhealthy air for large swaths of the region. The South Coast Air Quality Management District urged residents to stay indoors if possible and avoid vigorous outdoor activities.
In San Diego, which is 130 miles (209 kilometers) to the south, the Lilac Fire was 75 percent contained. The flames erupted suddenly Thursday in the Fallbrook area, known for its avocado groves and horse stables in the rolling hills.
The fire swept through the San Luis Rey Downs training center, where it killed more than 40 elite thoroughbred race horses, and destroyed more than 100 homes — most of them in a retirement community. Three people were burned trying to escape the fire that continued to smolder Sunday.
Despite the size and number of wildfires burning in the region, there has only been one confirmed death: A 70-year-old woman, who crashed her car on an evacuation route, is attributed to the fire in Santa Paula, a small city where the Thomas Fire began.
Most of last week's fires were in places that burned in the past, including one in the ritzy Los Angeles neighborhood of Bel-Air that burned six homes and another in the city's rugged foothills above the community of Sylmar and in Santa Paula.
___
Associated Press writers Elliot Spagat in Fallbrook and Brian Melley and Robert Jablon in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
___
Follow Weber at https://twitter.com/WeberCM .
___
For complete coverage of the California wildfires, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/Wildfires.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON (AP) " New season, old habits.
Referees are encountering insolent behavior. Hot-headed stars are kicking out. Players are embroiled in transfer standoffs.
The petulant streak within footballers is burning brightly after the summer break in Europe, and the world player of the year is leading by (bad) example.
When Cristiano Ronaldo pushed a referee during the Spanish Super Cup victory against Barcelona, soccer's red line was crossed. The booking for diving might have been severe and the Real Madrid forward was incensed. But the physical contact was unforgivable.
Advertisement
Ronaldo also only had himself to blame for accumulating two bookings, since the first followed the trademark brash goal celebration he knows breaches the rules: Flash his torso to the cameras after removing the jersey.
Ronaldo will feel harshly treated again by Spanish authorities " he's already fighting tax charges in court " but in reality he got off lightly with a five-match domestic ban.
"The authority and the safety of the referee deserves the utmost respect and cannot be challenged," the Spanish federation said in Monday's judgment, "even in the hypothetical situation of having made a wrong decision."
It was the culmination of a weekend of flare-ups in leading European competitions.
A referee also faced impertinent behavior in London. Cesc Fabregas was booked for sarcastically applauding after a free kick was awarded against the Chelsea midfielder in the first half of Saturday's Premier League opener against Burnley.
What made Fabregas' reaction even more reckless was that the champions had already seen captain Gary Cahill dismissed two minutes earlier for a wild challenge. Being unable to curb his own impulses, Fabregas received the second booking late in the second half for a lunge of his own as Chelsea imploded to open its title defense with a shock loss.
The inability to maintain discipline also proved costly for Newcastle. The Premier League newcomers were drawing 0-0 with last season's runners-up, Tottenham, when Jonjo Shelvey was sent off for treading on Dele Alli's foot right. It was particularly foolish: The referee was right next to the pair. Newcastle paid the price, losing its season opener 2-0.
Across in France, Lille goalkeeper Mike Maignan also lost his cool on Sunday when he threw the ball at Strasbourg's Benjamin Corgnet and saw red. The impact of the dismissal was compounded by the inability of Lille manager Marcelo Bielsa to replace an outfield player with the back-up goalkeeper from the bench because he had used up his three substitutions. In the final half hour three goals were conceded as a stalemate at 11 vs. 11 became a 3-0 loss to a promoted team.
"More than criticizing," Bielsa said, "I want to find answers to situations that are avoidable."
The most relieved player on the continent should be Miralem Pjanic. During Sunday's Italian Super Cup, the Juventus midfielder kicked Lazio striker Ciro Immobile's ankle in an off-the-ball reaction to an early foul. Pjanic escaped with a yellow card so he won't be joining Ronaldo, Fabregas, Cahill, Shelvey and Corgnet in sitting out upcoming games.
Other players are missing early season matches without even encountering a referee. They want to be pulling on the shirts of other clubs so are locked in power battles to be sold to a higher bidder.
Virgil van Dijk wants out of Southampton after pursing a move to Liverpool, which is fighting off interest in Philippe Coutinho from Barcelona, which was forced into selling Neymar to Paris Saint-Germain after his 222 million-euro ($264 million) release clause was met.
All this money swilling round irritated Tottenham defender Danny Rose who moaned in an interview, not only about the size of his pay packet, but also the club's failure to go on a transfer binge like Manchester City's $260 million spree.
Rose, who is still recovering from injury, urged Tottenham to sign established stars and "not players you have to Google and say, 'Who's that?'" Rose went on to say: "I know my worth and I will make sure I get what I am worth."
Tottenham forced an apology out of Rose for the newspaper interview. One might also be forthcoming from Chelsea striker Diego Costa, who grumbled to another British paper that he was being treated like a "criminal" because the London club has not released him to join Atletico Madrid.
A few weeks on the beach during the summer has clearly done little to mellow footballers in Europe. Long before the title battles and relegation struggles get going, the players are erupting on the pitch and with their employers.
No wonder UEFA is launching a new respect campaign later this month. It can't come soon enough.
___
Global Soccer Writer Rob Harris is at www.twitter.com/RobHarris and www.facebook.com/RobHarrisReports
___
More AP soccer coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Soccer
The children pile into the stadium in shiny clothes, clutching green-and-white Pakistani flags. Their parents light the area with cell phones to record the event as they scream, chant and cheer, watching soldiers close a gate that separates India from Pakistan.
In the evening ritual at the Wagah-Attari border, near Lahore and Amritsar, soldiers from both countries high-kick, shake their fists, then shake hands – and slam the gate shut.
It is deeply visceral for many Pakistanis: an acknowledgement of their border, of a plucky country they feel they have sacrificed so much to create.
Pakistan was imagined more than 70 years ago by a stern, British-educated, whiskey-drinking Shiite lawyer. Muhammad Ali Jinnah hoped for a nation as cosmopolitan as he was. He led the fight to carve the country out of British-ruled India. In a new, independent India, Muslims were fearful that they would be dominated by a Hindu majority.
But in the decades since, the sense of who is a citizen in the Muslim state hasn't been resolved. The question has come at a high price: Although Pakistan's constitution specifies the protection of minority rights, "the government limited freedom of religion," according to the State Department. The country's tiny minorities of Sikhs, Christians and Hindus are vulnerable to persecution. Certain laws, such as blasphemy laws, are often used to target them.
Within the Muslim community as well, the definition of who exactly is a Muslim has narrowed.
The seeds of Pakistan's intolerance were sown within the country's very ideology as a Muslim state, says Taimur Rehman, a political scientist at the Lahore University of Management Sciences.
That intolerance was "inherent in the very way in which Pakistan was created and the very purpose which it was supposed to serve of being a Muslim state," he says. "By its very definition, it has already singled out a community in opposition to another one," he says, referring to Muslims and Hindus. "And it's very easy for that community to be narrowed further."
Over the decades, he argues, the narrowing has been exacerbated by the military, Pakistan's most powerful institution, which cultivated hard-line Islamists to wage a jihad in the disputed region of Kashmir, among other things.
This has given right-wing religious groups outsize influence. "Despite never having won an election," Rehman says, "they are nonetheless able to dictate the narrative in the country because of the support that they have from the military establishment."
Perhaps none have suffered more than members of a small Muslim sect, known as Ahmadis, whose beliefs clash with the dominant Sunni version of Islam. They played a key role in founding Pakistan. They are a community of over-achievers: An Ahmadi physicist, Abdus Salam, received one of only two Nobel prizes awarded to Pakistanis.
But the state declared Ahmadis as heretics via a constitutional amendment in the 1970s and restricted their rights further in the 1980s. They're not allowed to call themselves Muslims, and can't refer to their houses of worship as mosques. Over the years, militants have attacked their mosques and targeted them in killings.
In a leafy suburb near Lahore, the Khans live in a two-story home behind a high gate that's firmly bolted. Mrs. Khan stands on the balcony every morning, waiting for her husband to return from prayers at their local mosque. She's terrified that somebody will kill him.
"We are frightened," she says. "For the life." (Her first name isn't being published out of concern for the family's safety.)
Most of her family already fled overseas.
So far, Mrs. Khan insists on staying. She runs a clinic that dispenses free medicine to her poorer neighbors. "If I go, the people will suffer," she says.
She doesn't want to "just sit and eat" in exile. "This is not the meaning of life."
She's also worried about her nephew. Twice, somebody threw a note into his house warning him to convert to Sunni Islam — or die. He hides out here when he's afraid.
He repeatedly tried to flee Pakistan – but he says the U.K., Sweden and Canada all rejected applications.
The roots of intolerance run deeper than just how Pakistan defines itself as a Muslim state, says Anam Zakariya, an oral historian in Islamabad.
She traces it back to Pakistan's birth story – at the time of Partition, in 1947, when millions of Hindus and Sikhs fled to India and Muslims to Pakistan. Mobs raped and butchered each other — around a million people died.
But Zakariya says those events are pushed aside. Pakistan focuses on celebrating its creation – and emphasizes how Muslims were victims.
"Now if it's your biggest victory to date," Zakariya says, "you have to make sure that the bloodshed is portrayed to the younger generations as perpetrated by Indians — Hindus and Sikhs."
It's to drive home the point: "And that's why there was a need to create Pakistan."
There are challenges emerging to that narrative. In a sprawling park in the heart of noisy, smoggy Lahore, a museum will soon open that will look at Partition through the stories of the people who witnessed it. It's a collaboration between the Citizens Archive of Pakistan, a nonprofit, and the government of Punjab, Pakistan's most populous province.
"This is the first place in the entire country where you'll experience what the refugees in 1947 experienced," says Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy, an Oscar-winning documentary filmmaker and head of the Citizens Archive.
Being exposed to stories from survivors of Partition will help create a more inclusive Pakistan, she believes, but it's a race against time – the people who lived through Partition are fading away.
And 70 years on, the very idea of what Pakistan is meant to be – an Islamic state, in opposition to Hindu-dominated India – feels hard to shake.
Near the museum construction site, the Abdul Aziz family huddles under a shelter as a sudden summer rain drenches the park. Their patriarch, Yousef, isn't sure of his age, but says he used to work in fields alongside Hindus – and so he predates Partition. When the Hindus left Pakistan, he said, Muslims became free.
"We are now in a country where we can say, 'There is no God but God and Muhammed is his messenger,'" he says, reciting the Muslim declaration of faith.
In Pakistan, he says, "There is no idolatry" – a reference to polytheist Hinduism.
His granddaughters Sania, 22, and Aya, 19, nod in agreement. He says he's proud of Pakistan, which he describes as a "fort of Islam" where it's safe for his grandchildren to grow up.
Sania says she's not interested in a museum. She's already heard her grandfather's stories of Partition, and she'll tell them one day to her own children.
Besides, she says, "I know history — the Islamic history of Pakistan."
Health officials are warning people to take precautions as Colorado and the country face a particularly bad flu season.
ER Specialists Urgency Center is ready to help treat all flu symptoms from minor to severe and still has a supply of flu vaccine left.
As of Jan. 13, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported that 32 states have experienced high flu activity. Colorado is among nine other states experiencing moderate activity.
While “moderate” by CDC standards, it is widespread in Colorado as the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment reports that 2,366 people have been hospitalized since Oct. 1. In contrast, state health officials reported 3,340 flu-related hospitalizations during the prior flu season that ran from Oct. 2, 2016, through May 27, 2017. Media outlets are reporting that three times as many flu victims as normal have been hospitalized this flu season.
Health officials attribute many hospitalizations to a type of Influenza A called H3N2, which can mutate during the vaccine production process and make vaccines less effective. They still urge people to consider getting a flu vaccination as it's still the best prevention strategy available. It also is not too late to get a vaccination, said Dr. Julie Marmon, owner and partner of ER Specialists Urgency Center.
“No doubt about it, the flu is nasty this year,” she said. “The vaccine coverage isn't great, the season started early and IV fluid bas are backordered because of the hurricane damage in Puerto Rico.
“The good news? If you have a flu shot it is likely that your symptoms will be less severe. It is not too late to get a flu shot. A lot of places are out, but we have the quadrivalent vaccine for anyone 4 years and older.”
The Colorado Springs urgent care center offers walk-in flu shots with no appointment necessary. The urgent care center can also treat all flu symptoms from minor to severe.
The ER Specialists Urgency Center is located at 4194 Royal Pine Drive, Suite 100, in Colorado Springs, 80920. The center is a fully equipped emergency room offering emergency room treatment at urgent care rates. It offers urgent care in Colorado Springs for anything from cuts and sprains to chest pain, breathing problems and head injuries. Its medical staff is board-certified, specially trained and certified in emergency medicine.
“We are dedicated to fast, friendly, low-cost and efficient medical care,” Dr. Marmon said.
For more information on ER Specialists Urgency Care, visit their website at https://erspecialistsuc.com or call 719-522-2727.
CONTACT:
Dr. Julie Marmon
Company: ER Specialists Urgency Care
Address: 4194 Royal Pine Drive, Suite 100, Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Tel: 719.522.2727
Website: https://erspecialistsuc.com
Mountain circuit major challenge for drivers - and their machines.
For the past 53 years the Mt Panorama circuit, just up the road from the rural New South Wales town of Bathurst, has challenged man/women and machine as they vied to hold the winner's trophy on Sunday afternoon.
That track, which began life as a tourist loop up the mountain, has now cemented itself as one of the all-time great race circuits in the world -- up there with the likes of the old Nurburgring, Spa Francorchamps, Brands Hatch and Laguna Seca.
A 1000 kilometres over 161 laps around that place is enough to do anyone's head in. You have to be a special kind of gifted driver to stand atop the podium come the end of race day.
Advertisement
I raced the mountain in the early 1980s, but only over half the distance. Mind you that was on a motorcycle and it really did do my head in.
I didn't get anywhere near the podium, but it wasn't through lack of trying. Mt Panorama is one of the scariest places to race at, and also the most exhilarating.
In the modern era of racing at Bathurst, unless you have Lady Luck riding shotgun you can kiss goodbye to any chance of winning. The race is too long, gnarly, complicated, congested and too damn hard strategy-wise for drivers to just go around and around hoping to stay out of trouble and waltz to a win.
At the first race in 1963, cars and drivers did around 30 laps less, took over an hour and half longer and the average lap was, well, heaps slower shall we say. One thing remains common though: it has produced more joy, despair and great feats of driving than any other race meeting in Australasia.
Over the years at Bathurst, hot favourites have been losers and dark horses triumphant. The Great Race, as it's affectionately called, has mentally broken many an emerging race car driver, even killed a few unfortunately, and broken the hearts of many established racers. However, it has also forged some of Australasia's best. Some of those to have made their names on the beast include Peter Brock, Allan Moffat, Jim Richards and Larry Perkins. And more lately Mark Skaife, Greg Murphy, Craig Lowndes and Jamie Whincup.
Brock will be remembered as the best, not only for his nine wins, but for his drubbing of the rest of the field.
Brock's six-lap demolition of all-comers in 1979 rates as the best, considering he set the lap record on the last lap just for the hell of it.
As if the track and the aura of the place aren't daunting enough, the main game drivers now have to rely on someone else to get the car across the line. Sure, the co-drivers have all had a hit-out at Sandown, but Bathurst is a different kettle of fish.
All co-drivers have had race experience and most of them at Bathurst at some stage in the past. However, the kicker is that it's probably not in someone else's car and in the middle of a else's series championship.
That factor alone makes it difficult to win the race, then you throw in the pit crew. How many times have we seen the pressure get to refuellers, tyre changes and other problems causing time to be lost in the pits? More than you can poke a stick at. And then we have the drivers who forget to pump the brakes heading up Mountain Straight and that right-hander.
The cars don't have too many mechanical failures these days although it's not unheard of. Just ask Shane van Gisbergen about his 2014 starter motor story.
And finally there is the track itself. Mt Panorama sure as hell isn't some bland Hermann Tilke-designed Formula One circuit with runoffs and gravel traps you could establish a small farm holding on. From about the first kink up Mountain Straight until you get on to Conrod Straight, it's a concrete chute with the most unforgiving walls and vicious choke points. An incident across the top has ended races for not only those involved, but the unsuspecting as they come hurtling through.
Get it right and you can call yourself a Bathurst 1000 champion.
Get it any one small part wrong and you'll be making plans for the 2018 race.
Supercar points
1. Scott McLaughlin 2334
2. Jamie Whincup 2250
3. Fabian Coulthard 2173
4. Chaz Mostert 2052
5. Shane van Gisbergen 1920
6. Mark Winterbottom 1671
7. Garth Tander 1608
8. Craig Lowndes 1590
Waynflete junior Lydia Giguere goes up for a shot during the Flyers' 44-28 victory over Traip Academy in Tuesday's Class C South preliminary round contest. Giguere had a game-high 15 points to help Waynflete advance to meet Monmouth Academy in the quarterfinals Monday.
Joe Carpine / 365digitalphotography.com photos.
More photos below.
BOX SCORE
Waynflete 44 Traip Academy 28
T- 9 6 6 7- 28
W- 10 10 9 15- 44
T- Eddy 5-1-11, Casey 5-0-10, Delano 2-3-7
W- Giguere 6-0-15, Brooks 4-4-12, Boedeker 3-2-8, Farrar 1-0-3, Burdick 0-2-2, Olney 1-0-2, Pope 1-0-2
3-pointers:
W (4) Giguere 3, Farrar 1
Turnovers:
T- 29
W- 24
Free throws
T: 4-8
W: 8-11
PORTLAND—Mission accomplished.
Augusta, here we come.
Waynflete's girls' basketball team had a singular goal in mind when the 2016-17 season began and Tuesday evening in its tiny gym, the sixth-ranked Flyers made their dream come true when they advanced to the Class C South quarterfinals for the first time in three seasons.
Hosting No. 11 Traip Academy in a preliminary round contest, the Flyers, due to nerves and strong defense from the Rangers, started slowly and fell behind, 7-0, but a 3-pointer from junior Lydia Giguere, followed less than a minute later by another Giguere 3, got them going.
By the end of the first quarter, Waynflete held a 10-9 lead and the Flyers extended that advantage in the second period, thanks in large part to the play of sophomore reserve Emi Boedeker.
Still holding a precarious 20-15 lead at halftime, Waynflete turned to its strong defense in the third period, forcing seven turnovers, and didn't allow Traip to cut into the deficit, taking a 29-23 lead to the fourth quarter.
There, the Flyers finally broke it open and went on to a 44-28 victory.
Waynflete got 15 points from Giguere, 12 from senior Annika Brooks and eight from Boedeker as they improved to 11-8, ended the Rangers' season at 6-13 and advanced to meet No. 3 Monmouth Academy (16-3) in the quarterfinals at the Augusta Civic Center, Monday at 11:30 a.m.
“This means so much to me,” said Giguere. “I've never been to Augusta. I wanted to go and experience the feeling of playing on the big court in front of our fan section. I'm just so excited.”
Triumph
Waynflete has shown steady improvement all season. The Flyers started 3-5, then won five in a row. After dropping three straight, Waynflete won its final two contests to go 10-8 and earn the No. 6 seed in Class C South.
Traip Academy won two of its final three games to wind up 6-12, good for the No. 11 seed.
The Flyers captured both regular season meetings: 37-32 at Traip Jan. 4 and 42-33 at home Feb. 8.
The teams had never met in the postseason.
Tuesday, the Flyers, despite a sluggish start, made sure the first meeting went their way.
Waynflete struggled with the Traip defense for over five minutes and dug an early hole, but managed to dig out of it.
The Rangers grabbed an early lead on a free throw from junior Reilly Eddy. Eddy added a layup, junior Cassidy Delano made two foul shots and senior Marina Casey added a short jumper for a 7-0 lead.
With 2:13 to go in the first quarter, the Flyers finally got the ball in the basket, as Giguere knocked down a 3 to break the ice.
“Nerves had a lot to do with it and we were rushing it,'” said Giguere. “We didn't take our time. Momentum is what we needed. If we get down early, it doesn't go well. I had my rhythm more than in the past. I was confident and shot well.”
Giguere added another 3-ball 33 seconds later and with 42.8 seconds left in frame, Brooks hit a jumper for the lead.
Traip retook the lead on a putback from Casey, but with a second left, Giguere banked home a shot for a 10-9 lead.
“Traip's really good at defense and they have tall players, which we struggle against sometimes,” Boedeker said. “They shut us down a little bit, then we got our feet under us and got going. Lydia inspires us every time she swishes a 3. That gave us the will to push forward.”
In the second period, Waynflete forced nine turnovers and managed to extend its advantage.
After the Rangers went back on top on a bank shot from Delano, Brooks made two free throws and sophomore Boedeker followed with a steal and she made a basket after getting a pass from Giguere.
After Giguere made a layup after a steal, Brooks hit a baseline jumper for an 18-11 advantage, forcing Traip coach Scott Blake to call timeout.
Casey ended the run with a long jumper that rattled home, but Boedeker made two foul shots.
With 48.1 seconds left, Delano scored on a putback to pull the Rangers within five, 20-15, at the break.
In the first half, Giguere had 10 points, Brooks added six and Waynflete forced 14 turnovers.
The third period followed the script of the first two, as the Flyers started slowly, but closed strong.
After Delano set up Eddy for a layup and the first basket of the half, Boedeker hit a key jumper.
Delano again fed Eddy for a layup, but Brooks countered with two free throws.
With 2:57 to go in the frame, Casey made a layup in transition to cut the deficit to three, but down the stretch, Boedeker sank a rainbow jumper and Giguere pulled up and buried a clutch 3 for a 29-21 advantage.
In the fourth, the Flyers finished strong and packed their bags for a trip north.
Casey made a layup to start the frame, but junior point guard Izzy Burdick fed senior Ali Pope for a layup and with 5:41 left, Brooks banked home a shot for a 10-point advantage, 33-23.
Waynflete kept the pressure on, getting a rainbow jumper from Brooks and a layup from Giguere to essentially end the competitive phase of the contest.
After Eddy made a layup for the Rangers, junior LZ Olney scored on a putback and Burdick sank two foul shots to make it 41-25.
Delano hit a free throw for Traip, but a 3 from junior Ava Farrar accounted for the Flyers' final points before an Eddy layup in the waning seconds brought the curtain down on Waynflete's 44-28 victory.
“We had a talk and brought it all together,” said Boedeker. “We knew we had to get it done. We worked hard for each other and from the beginning of the season, we knew that we wanted to get to Augusta.”
“We've had some highs and lows this season, but we're coming together at the right time,” said Flyers coach Mike Jefferds. “Our hustle defensively is where it's at. It took a few minutes to get our legs under us. We knew the game would be won or lost on defense. If they broke our press, we'd be in trouble, but we flew around and got some steals and easy baskets.”
The Flyers were led by Giguere, who had a game-high 15 points (including three 3-pointers), as well as eight steals. She did all of that despite playing on a balky right ankle, which she injured in the regular season finale.
“I used ice and elevation and I felt a lot better today,” Giguere said. “Going forward, I think I'll be totally fine.”
“Lydia is a hard worker,” Jefferds said. “She's a leader offensively. She's shot enough to have confidence. That's key. She knows she has the green light.”
Brooks added 12 points, seven rebounds and four steals.
Boedeker had eight points, three rebounds and a pair of steals.
“I try to work as hard as I can, get as many rebounds as I can and try to play smart and get the ball to the open person,” Boedeker said.
“Emi's great,” Giguere said. “She's not afraid to shoot. She has great confidence for a sophomore coming off the bench. Credit to her. She's always positive and working hard.”
“Emi's solid,” Jefferds added. “As a freshman, she started the prelim last year after playing maybe six minutes all season. This year, she's continued to develop. She's added an outside shot to her game. That makes her a weapon. She knocked shots down and changed the dynamic. The turning point was when she came in the game.”
Farrar finished with three points and Burdick (four assists), Olney and Pope had two apiece.
Waynflete hit 8 of 11 foul shots and overcame 24 turnovers by forcing 29 by Traip.
“Forcing turnovers was important,” Giguere said. “That led to more offensive opportunities.”
“We stayed right on them and got steals,” Boedeker said. “It was nice to see everyone was there to help.”
The Rangers got 11 points from Eddy (who also had four rebounds, four steals and three blocked shots). Casey added 10 points, six boards, four blocks and three steals and Delano had seven points, seven assists and five rebounds.
Traip made 4 of 8 free throws.
Off to Augusta
Waynflete will take part in its first quarterfinal in three years when it battles Monmouth (which beat No. 14 Searsport in its prelim Tuesday). The teams don't play in the regular season. Monmouth won two of the prior three playoffs meetings: 56-43 in the 1999 Western D quarterfinals and 46-41 in the 2008 Western C semifinals. The Flyers' lone victory came in the 2001 Western D third round (57-55).
“We can't underestimate them,” said Boedeker. “We know they'll come out hard and we'll have to as well. We have to push it from the start. Last year, we got to watch the boys play. All of us really wanted to be in their spot.”
“We work hard and don't give up,” said Giguere. “There were so many times this season when everyone could have put their head down and we didn't. That starts with Ali picking people up. It's all about the attitude. We have to do exactly what we did tonight. We have to come out at the beginning and play hard. That's our biggest hurdle. We have to shoot well and get ahead early. That's the key.”
“Monmouth is a good team,” Jefferds added. “Unfortunately, I haven't seen them yet. I'm confident we can hang with any Class C team. Taking our lumps during the season prepared us. It'll come down to whether or not we can settle our nerves and deal with the atmosphere there.”
Sports Editor Michael Hoffer can be reached at mhoffer@theforecaster.net . Follow him on Twitter: @foresports .
Waynflete sophomore Emi Boedeker makes a layup.
Waynflete senior Ali Pope battles Traip senior Marina Casey for the ball.
Waynflete senior Annika Brooks is trapped on the baseline by Traip senior Marina Casey (44) and junior Cassidy Delano.
Waynflete junior LZ Olney lines up a shot.
Waynflete junior Izzy Burdick drives on a Traip defender.
Previous Waynflete stories
Season Preview
Yarmouth 55 Waynflete 23
Waynflete 55 NYA 34
Waynflete 45 NYA 40
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Some circumstances like truck loading or unloading, minor accidents or regular wear and tear, leads to structural damage of trucks' frame.
Contact
Tony McLean
***@hsaservicecenterinc.com Tony McLean
End
--For the past seven decades, HSA Service Center have won many satisfied customers by delivering top rated truck frame repair service in West Virginia. They have a highly skilled team for conducting truck frame repair service who utilizes modern diagnostic equipment to give the truck the best frame repair service. With their years of experience and dedicated efforts, they have won many satisfied customers and have gained much reputation in the automobile repair industry.Some circumstances like truck loading or unloading, minor accidents or regular wear and tear, leads to structural damage of trucks' frame. To overcome this damage, HSA Service Center offer their customers the best in class truck frame repair service for the proper and smooth running of the truck. Besides this, they also offer their customers a complete truck repair service that includes:· Roof Reconstruction & Repair· Side Rail Replacement Or Repair· Trailer & Truck Suspension Overhaul· Truck & Trailer Axle Repair· Complete Engine Repair· Trailer Long Pin Replacement· Brake Repair· Complete Truck & Trailer Electrical Diagnostics· Heating & Air Conditioning Service· Vehicle Windshield Repair· Trailer Flooring Replacement and much more!!!HSA Service Center, Inc. is known for their high-tech and advanced repair services for trucks and trailers and other commercial vehicles. Various services in which they have achieved proficiency are state of the art Truck Services, Trailer Repair, Commercial & Traditional Vehicle Tire Tuning, Lift Axle Installation, Welding & Steel Fabrication, Heavy-Duty Wheel & Trailer Balancing, and more.Enhance your truck frame's shelf-life with HSA Service Center, Inc. by booking your service appointment today!!!Since its inception in 1945, HSA Services Center, Inc. ( http://www.hsaservicecenterinc.com/ ) has built a reputation of providing superior quality of complete truck and trailer repair service in Maryland area. From the smallest body part to complete motor parts they can handle all your need easily. Today we are recognized as a highly trusted business entity producing the premium range of truck and trailer parts. The company is dedicated to manufacture good quality parts and offer our clients the best quality at most comprehensive prices and highly professional services. HSA understands the precise requirement of our honorable clients and take utmost care of the quality and delivery of work.www.hsaservicecenterinc.com
A shocking case has emerged from Noida district of Uttar Pradesh where a person was being reportedly shot by a cop.The family alleged that a policeman shot one of their members, on Saturday night, in Sector-122. They said, "It was done for no reason."Commenting on the same, SSP Love Kumar said, "Youth is under treatment, cannot say anything until the investigation is done."DEVELOPING STORY. DETAILS AWAITED
Dwindling hopes. Quietly Offering for peace. Blessings life is fun but it's tough too 🙏
A post shared by Jaya Bhattacharya (@jaya.bhattacharya) on Dec 5, 2017 at 7:44am PST
Yes baby...we look good even under stress Ha Ha Ha.... #life#oooh#dontaskwhy#grrr 😂😂😂
A post shared by Jaya Bhattacharya (@jaya.bhattacharya) on Dec 4, 2017 at 5:51am PST
A post shared by Jaya Bhattacharya (@jaya.bhattacharya) on
My friend @shilpasanghv edited this #beautifulphotograph#sweet#humbled#happyme#zee#mahasangamepisode#thanks Awaiting #telecast Today 6.30 pm on Zee TV
A post shared by Jaya Bhattacharya (@jaya.bhattacharya) on Oct 16, 2017 at 3:25am PDT
🙏
A post shared by Jaya Bhattacharya (@jaya.bhattacharya) on Apr 19, 2017 at 2:20am PDT
A post shared by Jaya Bhattacharya (@jaya.bhattacharya) on
Fun....
A post shared by Jaya Bhattacharya (@jaya.bhattacharya) on Mar 30, 2017 at 11:03am PDT
Crafty too...so beware...
A post shared by Jaya Bhattacharya (@jaya.bhattacharya) on Mar 25, 2017 at 11:57pm PDT
A post shared by Jaya Bhattacharya (@jaya.bhattacharya) on
Hopeful......
A post shared by Jaya Bhattacharya (@jaya.bhattacharya) on Mar 22, 2017 at 11:17am PDT
: Just in the start of the week, TV industry got sad news. TV actress Jaya Bhattacharya who is known for her role in Star Plus' show, ‘Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi' is in big trouble.As per news in Tellychakkar.com, Jaya is in big financial crisis. Well, the problem doesn't end here; she is almost bankrupted and has no TV shows or work.In an interview with the portal, Jaya said, “My mother has been admitted from 26 November. I am in a deep fix as all my finances are down the drain. Due to a renovation contract for my house, I am currently put up at my rakhi brother's place. Though there is a lot of liberty in taking decisions and doing things, I don't have anybody whom I can depend on or whose shoulder I can cry on. I am a strong woman and I have never given up. I will never. But I am in a terrible fix and badly in need of work.”Everything was hunky dory sometime back but Jaya's mother's sudden illness got the actress in this crisis. As per the report, Jaya's mother, 79 is being monitored for an irregular ECG and is in the ICU currently.Jaya has acted in TV shows like, ‘Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi', ‘Banoo Main Teri Dulhan', ‘Kaisa Ye Pyaar Hai', ‘Kasamh Se', ‘Woh Rehne Waali Mehlon Ki' , ‘Devon Ke Dev..Mahadev'.Jaya was last seen in Colors TV show ‘Thapki Pyar Ki'.Actress' pictures on Instagram are evidently saying that she needs help.We hope that Jaya gets some work soon and her mother gets well soon.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Former FBI Director James Comey has scorned the memo that was released by House Republicans after being declassified by President Donald Trump, saying it doesn't add up to much.
His assessment on Twitter was: "That's it?"
Comey called the memo "dishonest and misleading" and not worth the damage it's done to public trust in U.S. intelligence agencies.
After being declassified by Trump, the memo was released Friday by House Republicans. It claims the FBI abused its surveillance powers in the Russia investigation.
Advertisement
The FBI, Justice Department and Democrats furiously lobbied Trump to stop the release, saying it could harm national security and mislead the public.
Since his firing last May, Comey has made his personal feelings about Trump known, testifying in detail about personal interactions he says troubled him.
Lowery Institute Change Agent Tank
Contact
Edrea Davis, Jazzmyne PR
***@dogonvillage.com Edrea Davis, Jazzmyne PR
End
--was 14 the first time a gun was held to his head. When his father was incarcerated Philadelphia street gangs became his family; violence and anger were his friends. Today, the Morehouse College junior received start-up funds for a business to help students and families impacted by incarceration from thesecond annualheld at Clark Atlanta University (CAU).Modeled after the popular TV show, Shark Tank,encourages Lowery Institute student change agents that have a social entrepreneurial mindset to combine their social justice interests with critical business skills to create transformational initiatives and movements."Change agents are thought leaders--- the innovators, creators and problem solvers of this generation,"said, executive director of the Lowery Institute. "Bringing together prominent business and civil rights leaders to create an environment that encourages and supports social entrepreneurship is our modern-day approach to passing the torch to Millennials,"Lowery adds.Clark Atlanta University junior,won funding for her project that addresses the duplicity of being both black and scholarly. Scott was placed in the gifted program in high school, which would be a proud accomplishment for many however, due to the anti-intellectual climate prevalent in many black communities, Scott was often humiliated and bullied. The Maple Grove, Minnesota native plans to make studying cool in a newsletter promoting black excellence.The final project funded was that of CAU senior, who reminded the judges of the critical role the arts play in disseminating social justice messages. Conner was supported to create an after-school program teaching teens how to use various art forms to send powerful messages. The Los Angeles, CA native aims to add the "a" to STEM to give it STEAM."These young people are our future," said legendary civil rights leader, Dr. Joseph E. Lowery. "They were able to reflect upon their life challenges and create viable solutions to help others. By studying the philosophy of the civil rights movement and getting direction from our distinguished business leaders, these change agents are finding ways to create businesses that do good, or integrate good into the business they do."The business proposals were judged on how the initiative supports the mission of the Lowery Institute, clarity in the business objectives, and sustainability.Last year's winner,was present when the Lowery Institute was presented a check byof Publix Super Markets for continued support of her initiative,. The Atlanta native's proposal received funds in 2016 to establish the pantry in response to the growing number of her fellow CAU students who often go without food. Currentlyserves over 100 students weekly throughout the Atlanta University Center."Publix loves to feed people," declared Reid. She said the $5000 gift was collected from Publix customers to support the great job Mimi's Pantry is doing.Notable local business leaders joiningto judge the pitches were:, GNutt Consulting,, 3 T Unlimited; Harriette Watkins, Watkins Group;, Matlock Advertising & Public Relations;, William-Josef Foundation; and, Mack II, Inc. Atlanta Municipal Courtandserved as MCs for the evening.Also selected from 71 Lowery Institute Change Agents to compete for funding were, a sophomore at Morehouse College from Washington DC, and, a junior at Agnes Scott College from Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada.Theisa 501 C 3 non-profit organization established to ensure the continuity of the advocacy of Dr. Joseph E. Lowery and his late wife Evelyn Gibson Lowery's lifelong commitment to non-violent advocacy, and the moral, ethical, and theological imperative of justice and human rights for all people. Change Agent Tank is currently in development for television. For more information visit http://www.loweryinstitute.org
NEW YORK, April 20 U.S. steel stocks rose on Thursday following news U.S. President Donald Trump will sign a directive asking for a speedy probe into whether imports of foreign-made steel are a U.S. national security risk.
Trump was expected to meet with leaders of U.S. steel companies and to sign the memorandum related to section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 at a White House event this afternoon.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Thursday an investigation he launched will determine whether Chinese and other foreign-made steel is a threat to U.S. national security.
Ross said China has increased its steel exports to the United States despite promises to reduce them and that it now commands 26 percent of the U.S. market.
Shares of AK Steel were up 5.3 percent while shares of U.S. Steel were up 4.7 percent. The S&P 1500 steel indexes was up 2.9 percent.
Shares of Steel Dynamics, which reported results late Wednesday, were up 4.2 percent, while Nucor, which reported early Thursday, was up 2 percent.
The law allows the president to impose restrictions on imports for reasons of national security.
The last time the U.S. statute was used was to restrict imported oil, while former President George W. Bush attempted to slap tariffs on steel imports in 2002 under a different means, according to a research note from Height Securities.
"Making the case that steel imports threaten national security may be a... high legal hurdle, although we suspect the Trump administration will argue the potential loss of domestic steel manufacturing capacity could hinder the ability to respond to urgent defense needs," the Height note said.
U.S. steel shares shot up after the Nov. 8 U.S. election amid optimism of increased infrastructure spending. (Reporting by Caroline Valetkevitch; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
The Brazilian-registered aircraft, which landed on an illegal airstrip in North Rupununi two months ago, is being claimed by a company in Brazil, but there has been very little development since, according to Minister of State, Joseph Harmon.
“There was some communication between some persons from Brazil that claimed that the aircraft was actually stolen and we asked them to provide further information to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and that information has not been forthcoming,” he told a news conference when asked by Demerara Waves Online News.
Information so far acquired by Demerara Waves Online News shows that the purchase of the plane was financed by the Brazilian bank, Banco Bradesco. The plane, bearing authentic registration markings, PR-IMG, was sold by Riwa South America to Sinalizacao MT Ltda ME for US$850,000 cash on April 28, 2017.
Harmon said a probe into alleged collusion by police and the occupants of the Beechcraft Kingair has been completed and the report handed over to Minister of Public Security, Khemraj Ramjattan. “The police investigation into that matter, I understand, is completed and the Minister of Public Security is in possession of the report and the recommendations,” Harmon said.
The plane landed on the illegal airstrip in mid-August and, according to police, three men exited and escaped. Since then, information has surfaced that police might collude with the occupants to facilitate their departure in exchange for GYD$10 million.
The State Minister warned that anyone found culpable of conspiring to violate Guyana's territorial integrity would be dealt with harshly. “If in fact there has been collusion, then certainly action will be taken. I want to give you this assurance that in cases which have to do with national security and national defence, once anyone is found to be in collusion with any foreign entities that seeks to affect the security of the State and the integrity of our borders, those are matters which will be dealt with very, very seriously,” he said.
Two Guyanese from the southern Guyanese town of Lethem have since been charged in connection with the construction of the illegal airstrip.
Police have said that Brazilian and Colombian passports and identification cards were among several items that had been found aboard the posh plane.
Sir, – In a moving and generous speech to the Dáil, Clare Daly praised virtually everyone except herself for their role in the campaign to repeal the Eighth Amendment (“‘Ball and chain' of Irish abortion ban finally gone, Clare Daly says”, News, May 29th).
She called the students who fought for a Yes vote “the legends out of this” and said she hoped “they make a better job of changing the world than we did”.
However, the Dublin Fingal TD is being far too modest. Along with similar left-wing TDs, like Ruth Coppinger and Bríd Smith, she was at the coalface of the battle for women's reproductive rights in Ireland for years, when most other public representatives were not interested.
When the history of the repeal movement is written, Clare Daly will be, without doubt, one of its heroes. – Yours, etc,
JOE McCARTHY,
Arbour Hill,
Dublin 7.
Sir, – Triumphalism was the word that came to mind watching the celebrations at Dublin Castle on Saturday, and is echoed in many of the reactions since then. It is encapsulated in the phrase used by Miriam Lord (Analysis, May 29th) when referring to the No campaign as “the vanquished custodians of women's reproductive choice”, and their “crushing defeat”. This is the language of war, not of democratic choice.
So much for tolerance and compassion. – Yours, etc,
M O'CONNELL,
Bayside, Dublin 13.
Sir, – It seems that in the brave new republic there's to be no room for dissenters. – Yours, etc,
DONAL KENNEDY,
London.
Sir, – Affordable housing, a functioning public health service, and adequate support for people with special needs are synonymous with the right to life. These fundamentals should be enshrined in our Constitution and would certainly reduce the overall number of terminations. Only then can we say we have given all women the right to choose. – Yours, etc,
NOËL O'CALLAGHAN,
Berlin.
Sir, – As someone who voted against the Eighth Amendment in both 1983 and 2018, I have been reflecting a lot in recent days about the possible point or purpose of that constitutional provision. Instead of vindicating the so-called equal right to life of a mother and her unborn child, it has probably done more to jeopardise the right to life of both, but particularly that of the mother. All that I can conclude from these reflections is that the Eighth Amendment has for 35 years acted primarily and with ruthless legal efficiency to protect the rights of members of the Oireachtas not to have to deal with the abortion issue. – Yours, etc,
PÁDRAIC HARVEY,
An Cheathrú Rua,
Co na Gaillimhe.
Sir, – When the result of the original Eighth Amendment referendum was announced on September 8th, 1983, Senator Mary Robinson described the 33 per cent No vote as “very encouraging”, the late Adrian Hardiman deemed one-third of the voters “a very large body of people”, and John MacMenamin even called the two-to-one defeat a “moral victory” for the No side. All commentators agreed that it highlighted the deep divisions in Ireland on the issue of abortion.
Roll forward 35 years and abortion still divides the electorate in the same proportions. So I don't understand our Taoiseach's claim last Saturday that we're now “united” on this subject. The Yes vote was 66.9 per cent in 1983 and 66.4 per cent in 2018. So a pedant could even argue that, if anything, the country is a tiny bit more divided now. Many of the 723,632 who voted No last Friday regard the Eighth Amendment as sectarian and badly worded – a sledgehammer to crack a nut – yet saw its retention as the lesser of two evils when compared with Norwegian abortion laws.
Leo Varadkar is living in fantasy if he imagines Ireland is less divided on abortion than it was in 1983. – Yours, etc,
RONAN SCANLAN
Leopardstown, Dublin 18.
Sir, – In this welcome new era of compassion and tolerance following the remarkable repeal of the Eighth Amendment to the Constitution, apart from thanking all of the volunteers who worked so hard for its success, I suggest that we remember such pioneering figures as Dr Moira Woods, Senator Mary Henry, Mary Robinson and many others, as well as the many people who worked in Family Planning Clinics during the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s. Doctors, nurses, students and lay people during those decades fought against the church, the majority of the political, medical and legal professions, and lay groups like the Society for the Protection of the Unborn Child (Spuc) and Youth Defence, for female reproductive rights. As this issue was only occasionally mentioned in recent debates around the referendum, are we to assume that all of these groups now approve of contraception? More importantly, it is crucial to remember the work done by so many courageous individuals in more difficult times. – Yours, etc,
Dr BRENDA
MOORE-McCANN,
(Former medical director
of Family Planning
Services, Dublin),
Dublin 8.
April 28Fujian Star-net Communication Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 H1 to increase by 30 percent to 50 percent, or to be 50.1 million yuan to 57.8 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 H1 (38.2 million yuan)
* Says increased sales revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/jlG37f
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
By Robyn Collins
Britney Spears plans to continue her Las Vegas residency after the mass shooting at the Route 91 Harvest Festival.
Related: Britney Spears Shares Fashion Week Runway Show from Home
Spears posted a message to her social media accounts letting fans know that the show must go on. “We'll get through this together. See you Wednesday,” she wrote adding the hashtag #VegasStrong.
Spears will be performing her Britney: Piece of Me residency at Planet Hollywood through December.
Media Contact
John Kreiss, Kreiss Realty Group
Allison James Estates & Homes
5088266920
***@kreissrealtygroup.com John Kreiss, Kreiss Realty GroupAllison James Estates & Homes5088266920
End
-- Years of experience in the Central Mass real estate industry has given REALTOR, John Kreiss, the opportunity to learn the tricks of the trade that can help homeowners sucessfully sell their homes for the highest prices possible. Recently, John shared his top home selling tips for success.The first and one of the most important tips shared by John for selling a house is to de-clutter, this means removing the clutter from not only the main areas of the house, but also cleaning out the closets, attic, and garage. The veteran REALTOR suggests storing the clutter in a separate storage area to keep the entire house clutter free, which wіll often mаkе the rooms look larger.John also recommends that sellers dіѕсоnnесt еmоtіоnаllу frоm the home. Thіѕ is often difficult for people who hаvе lіvеd in their homes fоr lоng periods оf tіmе, but buyers want to view homes as how they will look with them living in it. With that in mind, Kreiss recommends that personal pictures and family herlooms come down.Kreiss also says that one of the most crucial things that homeowners can do when selling, is to ensure that their homes looks well maintained. He also advises homeowners to make sure the internal and external walls are in good shape, that everything is operating properly, and the property looks presentable.John added, "Make sure the flооrіng іѕ іn good shape. Some real еѕtаtе professionals wіll ѕuggеѕt, rерlасіng thе carpeting wіth a nеutrаl color, but often buyers plan to add their own touches to the home after they own it. Juѕt mаkе ѕurе that thе flooring іѕ in gооd ѕhаре."Headed by REALTOR, John Kreiss, Kreiss Realty Group is team of highly-seasoned real estate professionals dedicated to providing exceptional, personalized service for all of their clients. They take great pride in the relationships they have built and always work relentlessly on their client's behalf to help them achieve their real estate goals.
Columnist and trained counsellor Fiona Caine offers her advice to a woman whose sex drive is destroying her friendships.
The problem…
“I've always had an unusually high sex drive, which means I've had no shortage of sexual partners.
The problem, however, is that I can't stop myself from making a play at any man that I meet. And it doesn't seem to matter if they are married or going out with one of my friends, so I've inevitably lost people I was once close to.
The silly thing is, I know my behaviour causes problems.
I am 32, single, have almost no friends and am very unhappy – but I just can't stop myself. I've heard of drugs that prisons give to inmates to reduce sex drive and I wonder if a GP would consider prescribing this for me?
Unless I can get this under control, I can't see myself being happy. What should I do?”
Fiona says…
Please do chat to your GP, but I think it's unlikely that he or she will prescribe medication like this.
From what I understand, these drugs are powerful, have significant side effects and are typically only given to sexual offenders.
In spite of what you say, I'm not convinced that a strong sex drive is necessarily at the root of your problems.
Many people have high libidos and yet have happy, fulfilling relationships.
I believe it's possible, therefore, that the root cause of your problems is emotional rather than physical.
It could be that you're driven by a need for reassurance; you need to know that you're attractive and that reassurance is a bigger driver than your need for friendship.
Instant sex won't fill your emotional needs, says Fiona (Thinkstock/PA)
Instant sex isn't ever really going to fulfil your emotional needs, because it has no relationship behind it and means nothing – to you or to the person you've had sex with.
Whatever the reason (or reasons), these are complex issues that are beyond the scope of a column like this to resolve.
I believe you need help, so speaking to your doctor about your behaviour and feelings would be a good start.
Hopefully the doctor will refer you for counselling, which will help you to understand your behaviour and suggest ways for you to control it.
It may involve you going through therapy of some kind to see what, if anything, in your past has triggered your approach to men.
If your doctor can't suggest a local counselling service, then please contact Relate (relate.org.uk) to talk to someone trained to help.
You can either do that through an online chat service, by phone or face to face.
Readers in Scotland can contact Relationships Scotland (relationships-scotland.org.uk).
If you have a problem and you'd like Fiona's advice, email help@askfiona.net
© Press Association 2017
The Los Angeles Rams are relatively healthy heading into their Week 5 game against the Seattle Seahawks, but two players were out on Thursday due to injury. Lamarcus Joyner remained sidelined with a hamstring injury, while Jamon Brown went from a full participant Wednesday to DNP on Thursday due to a groin injury.
Starting center John Sullivan was also limited with what Sean McVay called a groin and minor knee injury, but he “should be good to go for the game.” As for Joyner, McVay said it was much of the same, saying he's “day-to-day.”
The Seahawks are still riddled with injury, but they got a few key players back at practice on Thursday, including Doug Baldwin, Jimmy Graham, Luke Joeckel and Richard Sherman. Earl Thomas remained out with a knee injury, however.
Heading into Sunday, the Rams are clearly in better shape than Seattle. The Seahawks are facing some significant injury concerns for Week 5, ones that could impact the outcome of the game.
UNILORIN shops for new Vice Chancellor
The candidate must be a distinguished professor of not less than 10 years in one of the disciplines offered by the university.
The post UNILORIN shops for new Vice Chancellor appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
It sometimes seems that the only option in regard to student housing is moving from your overpriced first-year halls to a crumbling, single-glazed Marchmont flat. However, there are other options when it comes to choosing where to live during your years at university.
Edinburgh Student Housing Co-operative offers students a cost-effective, democratically run and sociable experience, as an alternative to the more traditional housing routes. The Student sat down with co-operative members Sophie Plant and Paul Gibson, to talk about the advantages of this type of accommodation.
What is a housing co-operative?
It's an autonomous group of people who live and work together to democratically run a building without the exploitation or disempowerment of landlords. Rather than seeking profit, it's an affordable model that focuses on forging a community, utilising and developing our members' skills and interests along the way.
What was the idea behind the co-operative and how did it begin?
The co-op was an idea that came from students in Edinburgh who were frustrated with extortionate rent, poor living conditions, dodgy landlords and a shared feeling that student housing could be so much better.
We were inspired by similar models of self-managed student housing in the US, and after consultations with the university, a Students' Association referendum and the advocacy of the then University Rector Peter McColl, we managed to secure funding and acquire an ex-Napier building right in the heart of Edinburgh, complete with a view of Arthur's Seat and front-door access to the Bruntsfield Links.
What are the benefits of staying in the co-operative?
One of the initial ambitions of the co-op was to create an affordable place for students to live but securing that has meant other more important benefits have developed.
People are brought together in so many ways that wouldn't be possible elsewhere. At its best, there is a trust amongst everyone that lets people be open with each other and small moments that could build up in isolation in private housing are shared.
This gives people the chance to work out what is important to them and how they can bring that into their time studying as well as refocusing how they want to live their life.
The community side of it means that if you have an idea or a project, there are always people who will be around to support it or get involved to help make it happen. By seeing the ways that people work together and support each other, your studies are given renewed purpose as it is possible to see what kind of society you want to be a part of and through your day to day, have a tangible hand in making it happen.
It is such a new idea but with such massive potential that by living here you get to help shape what could and should be the future of housing, not just for students but for people across the whole country.
What kind of experience do you get from living in a coop?
“Intense, but in a very positive way! You have a lot of responsibility but it's in a nice way because you want to have it, and you feel like you should have it rather than someone else from the outside making the decisions for you. It's very social which is normally a good thing because you feel like you always have similar minded people around to have fun with and to support you,” Katariina Yli-Malmi.
“Community, spontaneity, creativity and communal living! It gives me a deep sense of living with others,” Kate Taylor Beale.
“It's been one of the most sociable periods of my life, there's never a dull moment! It's an extremely cosy and inclusive environment,” Rob Grierson.
“The coop gives you a space to focus on how you want to live your life and gives you the community to try and discover that with. By creating affordable housing, it gives people the time and the energy to focus on other things as well as try and create those opportunities for others,” Paul Gibson.
Why is there a need for this type of housing especially in Edinburgh?
Edinburgh is one of the most expensive places for the private rental sector in the country. Private housing fragments community and helps keep people separated. Co-operative housing renews community through sharing and participating in a collective space, shifting the focus from economic to social and ultimately benefiting both.
In what ways do you think landlords are negatively affecting students' renting experiences?
With students being so transient, landlords know they can get away with exploitation because their tenants' stay will be so fleeting. Short-term pressures on a student mean it can be hard to know where to start fighting back so they often have to accept whatever terms are given to them. The likelihood is if they don't do that, somebody else will. This negatively affects not just their renting experiences but their whole experience of studentship because of the financial pressures that are put on them.
What is the future of the co-operative?
For now, we want to continue developing individual and group expertise on the maintenance of the building we all live in right now and continue to improve it and bring it into a better state for the members still to come. At the moment we are in the process of renovating our basements into communal spaces where we can hold events and open up our space to the public.
It's an exciting development in our journey as it will allow us to be much more creative with our role in the local Edinburgh community, not just in the student sphere. However, there is still such a huge demand for this model that we want to replicate it and we've been keeping our eyes out for new properties we can acquire.
We want to help bring more co-operative housing to Edinburgh, Scotland and the wider country and ensure that this opportunity is available for students of all backgrounds, not just the privileged few.
Image: Iva Jericevic
SOFIA Three members of CSKA Sofia's coaching staff were hit after fans hurled firecrackers and stones during their 3-0 win over bitter city rivals Levski in the Bulgarian league on Saturday.
Assistant coach Stefan Genov, their German fitness coach, Thomas Neubert, and another assistant, Kiril Dinchev, were all hit when Levski supporters began throwing missiles at the CSKA bench after Brazilian striker Fernando Karanga scored the third goal in the 53rd minute.
Part of a firecracker struck Genov close to his eye, but he told reporters he was fine. "Thomas was injured after he was hit by a stone and Kiril Dinchev was also hit by a stone," he said after the Balkan country's most explosive derby fixture.
Dinchev said that Neubert's hearing was temporarily damaged in the incidents during the ill-tempered affair, which featured seven yellow and two red cards.
The eternal derby, as clashes between the two most popular clubs in Bulgaria are known, has a long history of crowd violence.
A 30-year-old man was killed by a bomb in 2000 and hooliganism and arrests have been rife in the past. In 2014 CSKA coach Stoycho Mladenov was knocked unconscious by a snowball thrown from Levski fans.
On Saturday CSKA enjoyed a flying start, scoring twice in the first six minutes through Portuguese midfielder Arsenio and winger Kiril Despodov. Karanga's header in the second half put the issue beyond doubt.
The 3-0 win allowed CSKA to leapfrog Levski into second place. The two teams, however, are 13 points behind leaders Ludogorets, who also have a game in hand.
(Reporting by Angel Krasimirov,; Editing by Neville Dalton)
Santa Maria police are investigating at stabbing that occurred Wednesday night at the north end of the city.
Officers were called to Gateway Liquor, 1650 N. Broadway, at about 8 p.m. to a report of a stabbing, said Sgt. Jack Dunn.
“Upon arrival, officers were unable to locate the victim or any possible witnesses,” Dunn said.
A short time later, police were advised that a 19-year-old Santa Maria man had shown up at Marian Regional Medical Center with stab wounds to his upper torso, Dunn said.
The victim, who was listed in stable condition, was uncooperative with police, Dunn said, and the investigation was continuing.
Anyone with further information is urged to contact the Santa Maria Police Department at 805.928.3781
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
A Quezon City Regional Trial Court (RTC) judge has been appointed as associate justice of the Court of Appeals (CA).
Advertisements
Tita Marilyn Payoyo-Villordon replaced Associate Justice Francisco Acosta, who retired from the judiciary upon reaching the age of 70 on April 2.
Villordon's appointment was signed on June 28 but it was received by the Supreme Court only on October 5.
She was appointed by President Rodrigo Duterte from a list of seven nominees presented by the Judicial and Bar Council (JBC).
The list included Cagayan de Oro RTC Judge Jeoffre Acebido, Iligan RTC Judge Anisah Umpa and Manila RTC Judge Merianthe Pacita Zura.
Among the cases that Villordon handled was that of an official of the Philippine Charity Sweepstakes Office who was accused of pocketing P1.8 million meant for lotto and sweepstakes prizes.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Charles Manson's cremated remains have been scattered nearly four months after the cult leader died in prison. A funeral was held Saturday following a court battle for the 83-year-old's remains.
Pastor Mark Pitcher of the Church of the Nazarene in Porterville, California, says 20 to 25 people attended the funeral.
Among them were Manson's grandson, Jason Freeman, and Freeman's wife, Audrey.
Freeman prevailed last week in a months-long court fight for custody of Manson's remains.
Advertisement
His grandfather was cremated after the service and his ashes scattered.
Pitcher said Monday he agreed to lead the service because Freeman and his wife are Christians.
Manson was sentenced to life in prison for orchestrating the 1969 murders of actress Sharon Tate and eight others.
He died in November.
March 30 Manitex Capital Inc:
* Manitex Capital Inc Restates previously reported 2016 quarterly financial results
* It has filed a restatement of its previously reported financial results for 2016 quarters
* Revised its revenue recognition accounting policy pertaining to a distribution contract that was effective January 1, 2016
* Manitex Capital Inc - revised revenue recognition treatment has no impact on previously stated net loss realized by corporation in interim periods Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
West Midlands luxury car marque Jaguar Land Rover has won a legal battle with a Canadian company related to its famous Defender trademark.
The carmaker took action in the High Court against Bombardier Recreational Products (BRP) which was using the name of its iconic off-roader - production of which ceased earlier this year.
The legal action was taken in relation to an all-terrain vehicle developed by BPR which it marketed as a "fun, recreational off-roader" and badged as a Defender.
Following JLR's legal claim, the High Court has issued a Consent Order stating that BRP had infringed the Defender trademark.
Although Defender production came to an end a year ago after almost 70 years, the name is far from dead with Jaguar Land Rover set to launch an all-new version of its most famous vehicle - possibly as early as next year.
Following the action, BRP is set to abandon a current EU trademark application for Defender and has given assurances it will not seek to register another mark within the EU for Defender or similar marks such as Defender Max or Defender Pro.
The High Court ruling means BRP cannot use Defender on any goods and must remove the badge from all goods, including any promotional material such as brochures and their web pages, in the EU.
Bombardier must also pay a small amount in damages and legal costs.
JLR welcomed the outcome of the case and said it demonstrated it would "protect its brand resolutely", adding it would pursue legal action wherever necessary against anyone trying to pass off anything similar.
JLR's legal director Keith Benjamin said: "We welcome this ruling, recognising the enforceability of our intellectual property rights and preventing use by third parties.
"The Land Rover Defender is an iconic vehicle that is part of Jaguar Land Rover's past, present and future.
"The success of our business is based on unique design and engineering attributes, and we intend to protect the brand robustly around the world."
The Defender, originally simply known as the Land Rover, was in continuous production at Land Rover's Solihull factory from 1948 to 2016.
In all 2,016,933 Series I, II and III Land Rovers and Defenders were built, using a manufacturing process that changed little in almost 70 years.
Watch: Land Rover Defender sold for record price
Greater Portland
Auditions
2017 MAMM SLAM, registration open until March 10, for Maine's High School Rock Off. Open to bands and solo artists; register online at mainetoday.com/mammslam.
Exhibits
Art Guild of Freeport, month-long exhibit, Freeport Community, 10 Library Drive, to Feb.28.
TEMPOart Portland invites Maine artists to submit proposals for temporary projects in Portland's public spaces during summer 2017. Submission deadline Feb. 28. For more, email info@tempoartmaine.org.
“Contours in Monochrome,” by Kerry Michaels, Merrill Memorial Library, 215 Main St., Yarmouth, to March 3.
“Enchanted,” 23 gallery artists, 720 Route 1, Yarmouth, to April 29.
Thursday 2/23
“Stories of Freeport's Past: Celebrating Our Collections,” 5-7 p.m., opening reception, Freeport Historical Society, 45 Main St., showcases objects that tell an interesting story, to May 31.
Film
Ongoing
PMA Films, Portland Museum of Art; more at portlandmuseum.org/events/movies.
Royal River Film Series, third Thursday through March, 7 p.m., Yarmouth History Center, 118 East Elm St., free.
Galleries
“Geographies,” by Gina Werfel, Elizabeth Moss Galleries, Falmouth, layered elements, through March 4.
“Vintage Seascapes and Marine Art,” Thos. Moser Showroom, 149 Main St., Freeport, 865-4519, thosmoser.com, through April 30.
“Abstraction,” 1-3 p.m., artist's reception, Greenhut Galleries, 146 Middle St., Portland, to Feb. 25.
“Clint Fulkerson: Fluid Geometry,” through March 31, new mural will be created on the gallery wall of the USM AREA Gallery, Woodbury Campus Center, 35 Bedford St., Portland, plus exhibit of several paintings.
Collagraph prints, by Kathleen Buchanan, Daunis Fine Jewelry, 616 Congress St., Portland, through March 1.
Collective Actions II, ICA at Maine College of Art, 522 Congress St., Portland, printed matter highlighting collaboration, communication and public engagement, to March 3.
“Land Sea Stone,” University of New England Art Gallery, Portland campus, through April 2.
Stonewall Gallery's winter show by Portland artist Robin McCarthy, Yarmouth History Center, 118 East Elm St., through Feb. 25.
Thursday 2/16
“Joyce Tenneson Maine: Gold Trees,” 6-8 p.m., opening reception, MMPA Gallery, USM Glickman Family Library, 5th Floor, 314 Forest Ave. Portland, to May.
Museums
Juried Teen Art Show, Maine Jewish Museum, 267 Congress St., Portland, to March 26, mainejewishmuseum.org.
Waponahki Student Art Show, on loan from the Abbe Museum in Bar Harbor to Children's Museum & Theatre of Maine, 142 Free St., Portland, 45 pieces of art created by all four federally recognized Native American Tribes in Maine, through April 30.
Ongoing
Children's Museum and Theatre of Maine, educational, fun and interactive workshops for kids and parents, 142 Free St., Portland, 828-1234, kitetails.com.
International Cryptozoology Museum,11 a.m.-3:30 p.m. Mondays & Wednesdays through Sundays, 4 Thompsons Point Road, Portland, cryptozoologymuseum.com.
Maine Historical Society Museum, 10 a.m.-5 p.m., Monday to Saturday; noon to 5 p.m., Sunday; 11 a.m.-noon, adults $8, children $3, 489 Congress St., Portland, 774-1822, mainehistory.org.
Maine Irish Heritage Center, 34 Gray St., Portland, 780-0118, maineirish.com.
Maine Jewish Museum, 10 a.m. – 2 p.m., Monday to Friday, Sunday 1-5 p.m., or by appointment, 267 Congress St., Portland, 773-2339, mainejewishmuseum.org.
Neal Dow Memorial, tours by appointment, 714 Congress St., Portland, 773-7773, mewctu.com.
Skyline Farm Carriage and Sleigh Museum, by appointment, free/donations accepted, 95 The Lane, North Yarmouth, skylinefarm.org, 829-9203.
Spring Point Ledge Lighthouse, Southern Maine Community College, Fort Road, South Portland, 799-6337, springpointlight.org.
Yarmouth History Center, 1-5 p.m. Tuesday to Saturday, 10 a.m.-5 p.m., 118 East Elm St., Yarmouth, 846-6259, yarmouthmehistory.org.
Music
Dimensions in Jazz concert series, 8 p.m., Portland Conservatory of Music, Woodfords Congregational Church, 202 Woodfords St., Portland. Feb 17: The Frank Mauceri Ensemble; Feb 24: 12th Annual Steve Grover Birthday Bash. Tickets $5-$20 at the door or in advance at Jet Video and Starbird Music in Portland and Gulf Of Maine Books in Brunswick.
Saturday 2/18
Exit 244 and Channels of Blessings, 6:30 p.m., Holy Grounds Coffee House, 1047 Congress St., Portland, no cover.
Classical Pianist Jim Nga and cellist Hugh Judge, 10 a.m., Prince Memorial Library, 266 Main St., Cumberland. Free; part of Music and Muffin series.
Sunday 2/19
A Concert of Classical Music performed by members of the Portland Rossini Club, 3-4 p.m., The Cathedral Church of St. Luke, 143 State St., Portland, $10., $5 seniors, students free.
Friday 2/24
Adam Ezra Group with special guests Chris Ross and the North and GoldenOak, 8 p.m., Port City Music Hall, Portland, 18+ show. Tickets $15/advance; $18/day of, box office at 504 Congress St., 800-745-3000, www.portcitymusichall.com/
Ongoing
Community Chorus, rehearsals 10 a.m.-noon, first and third Saturdays, St. Lawrence Arts Center, 76 Congress St., Portland, 775-5568, ext. 102, liz@stlawrencearts.org.
Irish Music Night at Blue, 650 Congress St., Portland, every Wednesday; 7:30 p.m. concert; 9 p.m. Irish session.
Noonday Concert Series, 12:25-12:50 p.m. Thursdays, by Portland Conservatory of Music at First Parish, 425 Congress St., portlandconservatoryofmusic.org for schedule.
The Kids Are Alright, children's concerts, 10:30-11:30 a.m., first Saturday, Portland Public Library, 5 Monument Square.
Theater/Dance
Arms and the Man, Pie Man Theatre Company, Mayo Street Arts, 10 Mayo Street, Portland, Feb. 16-26, Wednesday-Saturday, 7:30 p.m.; Sunday, 2:30 p.m., no show Feb. 20, 21. Tickets $20 at the door, 619-4885, ccpiemantheatre.org/box-office. Wednesdays pay-what-you-can
“Arsenic and Old Lace,” Portland Stage Company, 25 Forest Ave., Portland, tickets at portlandstage.org/on-stage/mainstage/current-season, to Feb. 19.
“Love Letters,” Good Theater at the St. Lawrence Arts Center, 76 Congress St., through Feb. 26. See goodtheater.com for tickets and show times.
“The May Queen,” Good Theater at the St. Lawrence Arts Center, 76 Congress St., Portland, through Feb. 26. See goodtheater.com for tickets and show times.
Thursday 2/16
FPI (Freeport Players Improv), debut by Freeport Players, 7:30 p.m., Freeport Community Library, 10 Library Drive. Pay-what-you-want at the door, www.fcponline.org.
Wednesday 2/22
The Gaslamp Killer with Trackstar the DJ, official Run the Jewels State Theatre After-Party, 9 p.m., Port City Music Hall, Portland. Tickets $18/advance, $22/day of, all ages.
“The Stinky Cheese Man and Other Fairly Stupid Tales,” Children's Museum & Theatre of Maine, 142 Free St., Portland, Feb. 17-26, Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays, 4 p.m.; Wednesdays & Thursdays, 11 a.m. and 2 p.m. Feb. 18, 19, 24, 25 and 26 at 1 p.m. Tickets $9-$18, kitetails.org, 828-1234.
Sunday 2/26
Variety Show, 6p.m., the Art Department, Space, 638 Congress St., Portland, $8.
Ongoing
Page to Stage discussions, noon on the first Tuesday after Portland Stage production opens, Portland Public Library, 5 Monument Square. Copies of the play available at the reference desk. Bring lunch, drinks provided.
Mid-Coast
Dances
“Children with Challenges,” dance workshop, New England Regional Theater Company, Studio 48 Performing Arts Center, 20 Davis St., Brunswick, 8:30 a.m.-noon, Feb. 20-23. New program for children and teens who are on the spectrum, high-risk behavior, and other mental challenges, 798-6966, nertc@comcast.net.
Exhibits
Teen art show submissions being accepted until March 31 by Patten Free Library's Teen Library Council for annual show in Bath. Students in grades 7-12 in the library's service area or R.S.U. 1 schools are eligible.
Saturday 2/18
Winter Student Art Show, 2-4 p.m. opening reception, The Centre St Arts Gallery, LLC, 11, Centre St., Bath for students in grades 6-12, in Bath, Brunswick, Arrowsic, Woolwich, Georgetown, Harpswell, Phippsburg and Topsham. Public welcome.
Joy of Art, Topsham Public Library, 25 Foreside Road, annual juried art exhibit, through Feb. 25, 725-1727, topshamlibrary.org.
Joy of the Lens, Topsham Public Library, applications accepted for annual photography exhibit beginning Feb. 25-March 18 at the library or online at friendstopshamlibrary.org.
Film
“Red Carpet Revival,” film series at Patten Free Library, 33 Summer St., Bath. Screening of six Best Picture Oscar winners 1:30 p.m. Fridays to March 10. Free admission and refreshments, For complete schedule, see patten.lib.me.us, Facebook, or pick up a flier.
Galleries
Ongoing
Bayview Gallery, 58 Maine St., Brunswick, 729-5500, bayviewwgallery.com.
Beth Carlson Animal Portraits Gallery, 613 Foster Point Road, Bath, 751-5288.
Cabot Mill Gallery, Fort Andross, 14 Maine St., Brunswick, 837-9108.
Centre St. Arts Gallery, 11 Centre St., Bath, 442-0300.
Chocolate Church Art Gallery, 804 Washington St., Bath, 442-8455, chocolatechurcharts.org.
Coleman Burke Gallery, Fort Andross, 14 Maine St., Brunswick, emilycollierjohnson@gmail.com.
Curtis Memorial Library, 23 Pleasant St., Brunswick, 725-5242, curtislibrary.com.
11 Pleasant Street, 11 Pleasant St., Brunswick, 607-4016, daughtry@vsartsmaine.org.
Frontier Cafe, Fort Andross, 14 Maine St., Brunswick, 725-8820, explorefrontier.com.
Gallery at Park Row, 185 Park Row, Brunswick, 907-4016.
Gallery at Schoolhouse Crossing, 48 West Schoolhouse Crossing Road, Topsham, 603-674-6098, keith@keithsphotography.com.
Gallery at Widgeon Cove, Route 123, Harpswell, 833-6081, widgeoncove.com.
Gallery Framing, 12 Pleasant St., Brunswick, 729-9108.
Gelato Fiasco, 74 Maine St., Brunswick, 607-4002, gelatofiasco.com.
The Green Lion Gallery, 23 Center St., Bath.
Gun Point Cove Gallery, 1241 Harpswell Islands Road, Orr's Island, 833-7303, gunpointcovegallery.com.
Harbor Works Gallery, Holbrook-Trufant House, 977C Cundy's Harbor Road, Harpswell, 841-9812, harborworksgallery.org.
ICON Contemporary Art, 19 Mason St., Brunswick, 725-8157.
Just Framing, 149 Front St., Bath.
K. Mizner Art Studio & Gallery, 128 Water St., Hallowell, kmizner.com.
LaMarche Gallery, David Saul Smith Union, Bowdoin College, Brunswick, 725-3902.
Little Dog Coffee, 87 Maine St., Brunswick, 725-8820.
Mae's Cafe, 160 Centre St., Bath, maescafeandbakery.com/events, 442-8577.
Maine Fiberarts Gallery, 13 Main St., Topsham, 721-0678, mainefiberarts.org.
Markings Gallery, 50 Front St., Bath, 443-1499.
Merrymeeting Arts Center, 9 Main St., Bowdoinham, 841-5914, merrymeetingartscenter.org.
Points of View Art Gallery, Brunswick Business Center, 18 Pleasant St., Brunswick, 373-9300.
Sarah Greenier Gallery, 428 Middle St., Bath, 443-3936.
Sebascodegan Artists Cooperative Gallery, 4 Old Orr's Island Road, Harpswell, 833-5717, sebascodeganartists.com.
Summer Island Studio, 149 Maine St., Brunswick, 373-1810.
Thornton Oaks, 25 Thornton Way, Brunswick, 729-8033, thorntonoaks.com.
Topsham Public Library, Crooker Gallery, 25 Foreside Road, Topsham, topshamlibrary.org, 725-1727.
Whatnot Gallery at Spindleworks, 7 Lincoln St., Brunswick, 725-8820, spindleworks.org.
Widgeon Cove, 31 Widgeon Cove Lane, Harpswell. Paintings, sculpture, jewelry, handmade paper, widgeoncove.com.
Museums
“Art and Artifacts of the Nineteenth Century,” Bowdoin College Museum of Art Boyd Gallery, 245 Maine St., Brunswick. American and European paintings, sculpture, photographs and prints, contrasted with decorative arts from around the world, to June 4.
“Art & Resolution, 1900 to Today,” Bowdoin College Museum of Art, various galleries, 245 Maine St., Brunswick. Defines artistic responses to the historic transformations of the global 20th century, to April 16.
“Modern Medieval:Materiality and Spirituality in German Expressionism,” Bowdoin College Museum of Art, Shaw Ruddock Gallery, 245 Maine St., Brunswick, to June 4.
“The Temptation of St. Anthony,” Bowdoin College Museum of Art Markell Gallery, 245 Maine St., Brunswick. Presents renderings of St. Anthony's visions since the late medieval period, through March 19.
“Power of Flight: Visions of Birds in Inuit Art,” Peary-MacMillan Arctic Museum, first floor of Hubbard Hall on the Bowdoin College campus, more than 50 sculptures and prints by Canadian and Alaskan artists, rare birdskin items, bowdoin.edu/arctic-museum, 725-3416, to March.
“Perspectives from Postwar Hiroshima: Chuzo Tamotzu, Children's Drawings, and the Art of Resolution,”Becker Gallery, Bowdoin College Museum of Art, 245 Maine St., Brunswick. Drawings created in the '50s by children living in Hiroshima, to April 16.
Ongoing
Bowdoin College Museum of Art, 10 a.m.-5 p.m., Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday; 10 a.m.-8:30 p.m. Thursday; 1-5 p.m. Sunday, 245 Maine St., Brunswick, 725-3275, bowdoin.edu/art-museum.
Maine Maritime Museum, 9:30 a.m.-5 p.m. daily, 243 Washington St., Bath, 443-1316, mainemaritimemuseum.org.
Peary-MacMillan Arctic Museum, Hubbard Hall, Bowdoin College, 10 a.m. – 5 p.m. Tuesday to Saturday; 2-5 p.m. Sunday, 725-3416, bowdoin.edu/arctic-museum.
Music
“Looking at Longfellow,” Longfellow Days, performance, music, lectures and more in various Brunswick venues. Program of the Brunswick Downtown Association, with support from Bowdoin College, the Nathaniel Davis Fund, and the Association of Bowdoin Friends. All free, to Feb. 26.
Tuesday 2/28
Pops Concert by the Coastal Winds, Freeport's community concert band, combined with the Pine Tree Academy Band, 7 p.m., part of the fabulous Freeport FebFest, Pine Tree Academy gymnasium, 67 Pownal Road, Freeport. Free, 865-4747, Freeportfebfest.com.
Ongoing
Music at Noontime, Wednesdays 12:15-12:45 p.m., Unitarian Universalist Church, 1 Middle St., Brunswick, 729-8515. Free.
Teen ukulele group, sponsored by Teen Library Council at Patten Library, Bath. Open to high school students; experience not needed. For details, contact Roberta Jordan, rjordan@patten.lib.me.us, 443-5141, ext. 25.
Theater/Dance
“On Golden Pond,” 7 p.m. Feb. 17-18, 24-25; 2 p.m. Feb. 19, 26, Chocolate Church Arts, Bath, tickets $15/advance, $17/ door, 442-8455, chocolatechurcharts.org.
An opening reception for “Joyce Tenneson Maine: Gold Trees” will be held 6-8 p.m., at the Maine Museum of Photographic Arts Gallery, USM Glickman Family Library, 5th Floor, 314 Forest Ave., Portland. The work of one of America's foremost artists has been shown in over 150 exhibits worldwide, and has appeared on countless covers for magazines such as Time, Life, Newsweek, Esquire and The New York Times Magazine. Tenneson's work will be hung until May.
Everyone's favourite noughties mobile phone, the Nokia 3310, is expected to make a comeback this year with manufacturer, HMD set to launch the Nokia 3320.
The 3320 is expected to be smaller and more compact - and as long as Snake is still available fans will be happy. Here are six phones we also think could benefit from a relaunch too:
The intelligence agency for the German state of Baden-Württemberg classified an anti-Israel group that supports the boycott, divestment, sanctions (BDS) movement as antisemitic in its newly released May intelligence report.
This is believed to be the first instance of a German domestic intelligence agency labeling BDS as antisemitic and a security threat.
The intelligence report, which was published on May 24, said propaganda by the neo-Nazi party Der Dritte Weg (The Third Way) to boycott Israeli products "roughly recalls similar measures against German Jews by the National Socialists, for example, on April 1 1933 (the slogan: 'Germans! Defend yourselves! Don't buy from Jews!')."The intelligence agency wrote that this "list deals with the new variation of antisemitism: anti-Zionist antisemitism."The intelligence organization's full name — the State Office for the Protection of the Constitution — monitors threats to Germany's democratic, constitutional order and is the rough equivalent of the Israel Security Agency (Shin Bet).The Nazi organization calls Israel a "terror state" and the "Zionist abscess." The intelligence agency copied graphics from the Third Way's website showing a Palestinian flag with the words "Freedom for Palestine" over a person whose mouth is covered with an Israeli flag. A second graphic included in the report reads "Boycott products from Israel: 729=Made in Israel." The number 792 is the product code to identify Israeli goods.The intelligence agency quoted a January, 2017 text from The Third Way's website stating that "the Israeli economy is very dependent on exports... and therefore, as active help for the Palestinian freedom struggle, one should avoid Israeli products when shopping in local supermarkets and all products manufactured by foreign companies that invest in Israel."According to the Baden-Württemberg intelligence report, The Third Way's articles range from "right-wing extremism to neo-Nazi."In 2017, the Post reported that The Third Way's website published a report on the group's visit to Lebanon to champion Hezbollah's 2006 war against Israel.The Third Way uses the online payment service PayPal to raise funds for its activities. When asked about the Third Way, a PayPal representative told the Post: "Due to customer confidentiality, we cannot comment on the details of any specific PayPal account. However, we would like to stress that PayPal has zero tolerance for the use of our secure payments platform to facilitate illegal activities. We make every effort to comply with laws and regulations around the world. Compliance with these laws is something we take very seriously. We carefully review questionable activities reported to us, and discontinue our relationship with account holders found to violate our policies."Labeling BDS as antisemitic could have far-reaching consequences for German politicians and public and private organizations that engage in pro-BDS activity.Several German banks retain BDS-related accounts. The Bank for Social Economy holds four accounts enabling BDS — the highest number in Germany, according to research conducted by the Post.Last week, German Jewish shareholders called for a probe into the bank's BDS-linked accounts. The Central Welfare Board of Jews in Germany is a partial owner of the Bank for Social Economy and has told the bank to terminate its promotion of BDS activity.The Simon Wiesenthal Center told the Post that the bank's top executives — Harald Schmitz, Oliver Luckner and Thomas Kahleis — could land on the list of the year's worst outbreaks of antisemitism because of the bank's ties with BDS groups.When asked about the intelligence report, Schmitz, the bank's chairman, did not immediately respond to a Post query.Nathan Gelbart, a prominent lawyer who has won high-profile cases against Jewish antisemites in Germany, blasted the bank's executives last week for stoking antisemitism via their support for the BDS group Jüdische Stimme (Jewish Voice).“A bank that voluntarily provides service to antisemites makes common cause with Jew-hatred,” Gelbart told the Post. Jewish Voice has equated Israel with Nazi Germany.
Arrests
2/3 at 10:49 p.m. Bryan P. Winslow, 29, of Deana Street in Portland was arrested on U.S. Route 1 by Officer Mike Brown on a charge of operating under the influence.
Summonses
No criminal summons were reported from Feb. 3-10.
Fire calls
2/3 at 8:16 a.m. Structural fire on U.S. Route 1.
2/3 at 12:01 p.m. Gas alarm on Blueberry Lane.
2/7 at 8:01 a.m. Accident on Mountain Road.
2/7 at 9:09 a.m. Accident on Blackstrap Road.
2/7 at 12:36 p.m. Elevator alarm on Woodville Road.
2/7 at 2:43 p.m. Accident on Skillin Road.
2/8 at 10:07 a.m. Accident on U.S. Route 1.
2/8 at 3:15 p.m. Accident on Gray Road.
2/8 at 3:38 p.m. Accident on Interstate 295.
2/9 at 8:14 a.m. Carbon monoxide alarm on Homestead Lane.
2/9 at 8:36 a.m. Accident on U.S. Route 1.
2/9 at 12:55 p.m. Carbon monoxide alarm on Homestead Lane.
2/9 at 4:20 p.m. Lines down on Babbidge Road.
2/10 at 7:15 a.m. Accident at Lunt and Falmouth roads.
2/10 at 7:41 a.m. Accident on Northbrook Drive.
EMS
Falmouth emergency medical services responded to 18 calls from Feb. 3-10.
A worker installs a new traffic signal at Main Street and Morton Avenue on Tuesday. Morton Avenue is the focus of a $10.5 million renovation project that includes resurfacing, bridge repairs and sidewalk improvements. It is anticipated the project will be completed in the fall.
A worker installs a new traffic signal at Main Street and Morton Avenue on Tuesday. Morton Avenue is the focus of a $10.5 million renovation project that includes resurfacing, bridge repairs and sidewalk improvements. It is anticipated the project will be completed in the fall.
Every day, 144 people are killed in the United States from opioid overdoses, according to the Center for Disease Control.
Courts within the criminal justice system are on the front line of the epidemic, seeing adults with substance use disorders and children in families with opioid addiction.
That's why a conference is being held in Coronado this week to bring awareness of what is going on in the juvenile justice system and how judges can take leadship roles in helping families and children through the court system.
This coming in light of President Donald Trump's announcement Monday calling for stiffer penalties for drug traffickers, including embracing the death penalty.
The multi-day conference will feature guest speakers discussing current juvenile justice issues, solutions and judiciary actions for future solutions.
The meeting will be an educational opportunity for judges, family law attorneys, probation officers and those interested in the juvenile justice system.
The conference will highlight new programs and current research having to do with the opioid epidemic in connection to the court and justice system.
There will also be film screenings, topics of technology and teen dating violence, child sex trafficking informational meetings and brain science lectures.
Guests at the conference will include Judge Tony Capizzi of Montgomery County Juvenile Court in Dayton Ohio, Joey Ordunda Hastings, the CEO of the National Council of Juvenile and Family Court Judges in Reno, Nevada, and others.
The conference will take place at Loews Coronado Bay Resort from March 18-21.
SAN FRANCISCO — Two contractors pleaded not guilty Monday to conspiracy charges related to a larger federal bribery and construction bid-rigging case, a spin-off from the corruption investigation that took down Raymond “Shrimp Boy” Chow and state Sen. Leland Yee.
Derf Butler, 53, of Butler Enterprise Group, and Clifton Burch, 49, of Empire Engineering and Construction, entered the pleas in a San Francisco courtroom, appearing before U.S. District Judge Joseph C. Spero.
Butler and Burch are among a group of contractors accused of agreeing to offer high bids in order for another developer to win a renovation project in 2013 at the Lawrence Berkeley Lab. In exchange for helping rig the bidding process, the contractors would be rewarded with jobs or money, federal prosecutors allege.
What they apparently did not know was that the “developer” was the same FBI source who went undercover to investigate Chinatown tong leader Chow and former state lawmaker Yee. The scheme also involved Turner Group Construction, an Oakland firm with deep ties to local government.
Prosecutors allege CFO Len Turner, 56, and COO Lance Turner, 57, conspired with 46-year-old Taj Reid to also offer a high bid on the Berkeley project. Reid, the son of Oakland Councilman Larry Reid, is at the center of the East Bay investigation.
The younger Reid and his business partner, Eric Worthen, allegedly took bribes from the undercover “developer” to offer an inside track on the construction of two Southern California CalVet homes. Worthen, 45, is a former aide to Yee and an official with the California Department of Veterans Affairs, a position that gave him access to project documents. In April 2013, Reid met the undercover “developer” and received $10,000 in cash, according to court records.
Reid is charged with two counts of bribery and two counts of conspiracy; Worthen is charged with three bribery counts. Worthen appeared in court without a lawyer on Monday and did not enter a plea. Reid is scheduled to appear Tuesday morning.
The Turner brothers are each charged with one conspiracy count and are scheduled to be in court April 25. Their construction company's projects have included the historic Fox Theater, public schools, county buildings and BART projects. The Oakland City Auditor in 2013 accused council members Desley Brooks and Larry Reid of telling city workers to award a $2 million demolition project at the Oakland Army Base to Turner Group Construction.
At the time, Councilman Reid said he only wanted to ensure an Oakland firm was a contender for the job and denied directing city staff to give the Turners the contract.
The other defendants include Anton Kalafati, 33, president of San Francisco-based B Side, Inc., charged with conspiracy and two counts of making false statements, and Peter McKean, 48, vice president of Townsend Management Inc., charged with one conspiracy count. Kalafati will appear in court Tuesday with Reid, and McKean is scheduled to appear on April 25.
A conviction for conspiracy to defraud the federal government is punishable by up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Receiving a bribe by an agent of an organization receiving federal funds is punishable by up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
Hi! We notice you're using an ad blocker. Please consider whitelisting Autoblog.
We get it. Ads can be annoying. But ads are also how we keep the garage doors open and the lights on here at Autoblog - and keep our stories free for you and for everyone. And free is good, right? If you'd be so kind as to whitelist our site, we promise to keep bringing you great content. Thanks for that. And thanks for reading Autoblog.
Whitelist Us!
U.S. nitrogen fertilizer producer CF Industries Holdings Inc (CF.N) reported a better-than-expected adjusted profit on Wednesday, as higher production offset lower fertilizer prices.
The Deerfield, Illinois-based company's shares rose about 4 percent to $26.50 in after-hours trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
"Strong early season demand for ammonia and urea ammonium nitrate (UAN) in the Southern Plains and lower Midwest," led to higher sales volumes in the first quarter ended March 31, the company said.
Total sales volume by product tons of ammonia rose to 920,000 in the quarter from 737,000, while that of urea increased to 958,000 from 919,000.
Fertilizer prices have faced pressure from weakening U.S. farmer incomes. The average selling price for ammonia fell about 18 percent to $307 per ton, while urea's decreased to $248 per ton from $256 a year earlier.
Net loss attributable to shareholders was $23 million, or 10 cents per share, compared with a profit of $26 million, or 11 cents per share, in the year-earlier period.
Excluding items, CF earned 5 cents per share, beating the average analyst estimate of 2 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Net sales rose marginally to $1.04 billion from $1 billion.
(Reporting by Ahmed Farhatha in Bengaluru and Rod Nickel in Winnipeg, Manitoba; Editing by Martina D'Couto)
The BBC broadcaster said the Full Monty-style show is 'nudity for a purpose'.
Victoria Derbyshire has said that her stripping off on TV to raise awareness of breast cancer is not “nudity for the sake of it” and cannot be compared to a revealing picture by Kim Kardashian.
The broadcaster is one of a group of eight female stars taking part in ITV's The Real Full Monty: Ladies' Night, following the success of an all-male version last year for prostate cancer, and she said she is “completely apprehensive” about it.
The show will see Derbyshire and her co-stars – including Loose Women host Coleen Nolan and former Liberty X singer Michelle Heaton – create a show-stopping performance while battling their nerves and learning to love their bodies for the charitable cause.
The Real Full Monty:Ladies' Night, starring Victoria Derbyshire, Sally Dexter, Ruth Madoc, Sarah-Jane Crawford, Megan McKenna, Coleen Nolan, Michelle Heaton and Helen Lederer (Spungold Productions/ITV)
Derbyshire, who went through chemotherapy, radiotherapy and a mastectomy following her breast cancer diagnosis in 2015, said that, while she had fears about taking part in the programme, she is comfortable with her body.
She told the Radio Times: “I'm not ashamed of how I look, but I do look different to other women, and the idea of revealing that is absolutely nerve-racking.”
Derbyshire, 49, said she does not have “body issues” in her house, and that she walks around naked in front of her partner Mark Sandell and their two sons Oliver and Joe, because it is “no big deal”.
“I am happy for them to see what a mum of two who's had breast cancer looks like,” she said.
“They don't bat an eyelid. Of course they don't. I'm their mum. But what we are planning to do (on television) is on a different scale altogether.”
Derbyshire said that their challenge “couldn't be further away from an Instagram post by Kim Kardashian”.
She added: “It's not just nudity for the sake of it, or for looking glamorous. It's nudity for a purpose – to say this is what can happen when you get a diagnosis of breast cancer.
Victoria Derbyshire (Spungold Productions/ITV)
“And this is why it can be OK. And this is what we can do to talk to you about trying to make sure you don't get breast cancer.
“And if you are diagnosed with breast cancer, depending on the diagnosis, you might be able to get through it, like me.
Derbyshire, Nolan and Heaton will be joined by Hi-de-Hi star Ruth Madoc, reality TV star Megan McKenna, Emmerdale actress Sally Dexter, actress Helen Lederer and presenter Sarah-Jane Crawford for The Real Full Monty: Ladies' Night.
Derbyshire said that the eight of them have bonded because “all of our lives have been touched by cancer”.
The Real Full Monty aired last year and saw the likes of Pointless presenter Alexander Armstrong and dancer Wayne Sleep strip off to raise awareness of prostate cancer.
The Real Full Monty: Ladies' Night airs at 9pm on ITV on Thursday March 29.
Radio Times is on sale now.
© Press Association 2018
Despite striving for order and balance in all things, Symmetra has always been the odd woman out on Overwatch's hero roster. On the verge of yet another rework, Symmetra mains—often the butt of verbal abuse—say that despite everything, they don't want her to change all that much.
Symmetra is a character who just can't seem to neatly slot into Overwatch's ever-expanding pantheon. The Indian architect-turned-corporate-superspy has been around since Overwatch first came out, but unlike other supports, she doesn't heal, nor is she a DPS, tank, or even a defense hero, either. Her kit centers around tiny turrets that she can stick to walls and other surfaces, as well as a beam cannon that saps enemies' health. Blizzard already reworked her once back in 2016, replacing an ability that let her give armor to individual teammates with temporary holo-shields. In hopes of making her more than just a first-point defense hero, Blizzard also let her pick from two ults: her old teleporter, and a generator that gives her whole team additional HP in the form of shields.
She is not, by any stretch of the imagination, a straightforward hero to play. In Overwatch's current meta, where sustained healing and tide-turning ultimates from Mercy, Zenyatta, Lucio, and Moira win the day, popular opinion says you should never pick Symmetra over a support who can heal.
As a result, she's openly maligned by much of the game's player base and is, so far, the only hero that has never been selected in any Overwatch League match. Her pick rate in regular matches is also among the lowest, and in ranked play, she's commonly associated with “one-tricking”—the practice of only being good with a specific hero and refusing to switch.
Advertisement
So Symmetra's reputation is swirling the bottom of Jeff Kaplan's golden toilet. Sounds like the perfect time for an overhaul, right? Not according to the people who love her. Some people adore Symmetra. They've put hundreds of hours into her. They've reached the game's highest echelons with her. They've built communities around her. They think the abilities that make her seem fiddly and situational to the untrained eye make her deadly in expert, perfectly manicured hands.
“Loaded up the beta. Saw an Indian woman and thought ‘Hey, that is pretty rare in a game' so tried her out,” player (and Ubisoft brand manager) Raj Patel said via DM. “Instantly hooked.” He added that nothing about Symmetra is particularly strong, but her webs of beam turrets—which you build out as you please, as though you're playing an RTS or tower-defense game—catch disorganized teams like hapless flies. In the chaos of battle, she brings order. Deadly order.
Symmetra, however, is not a high-skill hero in the traditional, reflex-oriented sense. Her turrets do their own thing once they're set up, her beam cannon locks onto nearby enemies, and her ults take the form of stationary structures. For players who aren't great at traditional FPS games, she makes for an attractive pick.
Advertisement
“This is going to validate some of the worst things people say about Symmetra mains, but when I started Overwatch I was terrified of my aim,” a player named Lily Propes told me in an email. “I don't think that's a bad thing though,” she said. “One of the great things about Overwatch is how accessible it is to people who don't have a background in things like Call of Duty and TF2.”
Skilled Symmetras recognize that the mental side of combat is just as important as, say, a Genji who can slice through enemies with such precision that the person playing him might be an actual, flesh-and-oil-instead-of-blood cyborg. “She requires critical thinking,” said the best-named Symmetra player on earth, Symmetramaindontban, via DM. “I would much rather think about how to solve an issue and then execute it in a special way than fix a problem by shooting at it.”
Advertisement
Most of the 30 Symmetra mains I talked to for this story insisted that, given space to strategize and position their structures, they can handle just about anything whether on defense (where Symmetra is generally strongest) or offense. The problem, they say, is often that other players don't know how to handle having a Symmetra on their team, and they lash out.
“I would much rather think about how to solve an issue and then execute it in a special way than fix a problem by shooting at it.”
“I get crap about picking her regardless of if the mic is on or off,” a player named Alyse Stanley told me in an email. “If it's off, players spam ‘thank you' in front of me or ‘I need healing,' even when we have two healers! And are on defense!”
Advertisement
Stanley's experiences echo those of many others, who estimate that they face scrutiny or outright abuse between 50 to 90 percent of the time they pick Symmetra, especially in the game's competitive mode. It certainly doesn't help that Symmetra have become a joke to some players, who'll pick her and try to lose ranked games on purpose if they're feeling angry or just want to be an asshole. As a result, some people look at Symmetra and see everything they despise about Overwatch, and then they project that onto their teammates.
“Community relations between me as a Symmetra main and the community as a whole... has taken a toll on my mental health in a way that ultimately drove me away from playing her as often as I once did,” a player named Dan Oceans told me in an email. Overwatch's anti-toxicity reporting functions, while useful, still require him to endure toxicity before reporting it, he said. The damage, at that point, is already done. “The enemy team would constantly tell me to kill myself,” he continued. “At one point I was told that someone hoped my mother died and to tell them when.”
Advertisement
Reactions like these lead to a refrain most Overwatch players will probably recognize: To switch or not to switch? Many Symmetra mains I spoke to said they're perfectly happy to move over to another support or defense hero if it seems like the situation calls for it—and also because if they don't, their team will tilt and fall apart. “I absolutely will switch so as not to tilt the team into oblivion,” said a player named Mysticsphere in a DM. “However, if I didn't have to, I probably wouldn't. I know for a fact that Sym works really well on Attack on some maps, but of course it's an uphill battle trying to convince your team of that without them flaming you.”
Player Anthony Westbrook told me the backlash got so bad that he's taken to preempting it. “Usually I start off by saying ‘Hey, y'all. I'm best with Sym, but I can also play Lucio, Reinhardt, Orisa, Junkrat, and Soldier. Any requests?' And then I usually end up playing a tank, but sometimes someone will say ‘Play whoever you're best with.' And then I pick Sym, and no one gets upset, and we usually do great,” he said.
Even then, though, Symmetra's reputation often precedes her. “I have already gotten the warning saying I have been put under the ‘avoid player' option by a lot of people, so my queue times are very long,” said Symmetramaindontban, who's managed to make it up to Overwatch's second-highest ranking tier, Grandmaster. Of all individual heroes, they have the most time with Symmetra, but their combined time spent on healers edges out their total time on Symmetra. Despite that, they've become something of a pariah. “No one checks your profile if they see you pick Sym,” they said. “There is a 90 percent chance they assume you're a one-trick, and then you're reported. That's how bad people hate Sym.”
Advertisement
The Symmetra mains I spoke to, then, view Blizzard's upcoming rework of the character with trepidation, but also as an opportunity for a fresh start. “I hope the rework helps the community perception of her,” said Ocean. “I don't think this will completely change it, but I hope that more people are willing to accept that she can be useful if people help her out sometimes. Genji needs the enemy team to be distracted so he can flank. Why can't Sym have that be the case while she sets up turrets or flanks herself?”
Other players suggested that while Symmetra could use some tweaks here and there, the biggest problem is that her effectiveness in battle isn't well-communicated to other players by the game.
Advertisement
“It's really hard to see everything she does to help the team,” said Johan Westring, who has 400 hours on Symmetra. “For example, I have 5000+ damage blocked this season, and that's damage that would have had to been healed otherwise,” he said. Symmetra also doesn't get many final blows, he noted, but sets up tons of kills with her turrets' slow effect, and her shield ult can turn brittle DPSes into unstoppable killing machines.
“The enemy team would constantly tell me to kill myself. At one point I was told that someone hoped my mother died and to tell them when.”
Unfortunately, Overwatch's post-match stat cards and “Play of the Game” feature don't communicate any of this consistently. Heck, your teammates can't even see your turrets through walls like you can, so they're not necessarily aware of the strategy underlying your positioning. Unless you also play Symmetra a lot yourself, it's hard to understand just how many little things she does in the heat of battle.
Advertisement
All that Blizzard has said for certain about the revamp is that it'll re-classify Symmetra from a support hero to a defense hero. This puts her alongside everyone from fellow turret-builder Torbjorn to sniper queen Widowmaker. For the most part, it's in line with what people want from Symmetra's next iteration: a continuation of the brains-over-brawn philosophy that underlies her current kit. But it does have people slightly worried that Blizzard has lost sight of support as one of the character's main mentalities. Some are worried that, no matter what happens, Symmetra will be transformed into somebody she's not.
“I'm not looking forward to the rework at all,” said Raj Patel. “With how much Sym has been neglected for over a year now, I don't think there is much understanding of how she works and her value, outside the club of Sym mains. I suspect her playstyle will completely change to appease all the meta-mains who don't understand her.”
Advertisement
“Symmetra needs this rework to fix some of her core problems, and maybe even make her viable,” said another Symmetra main, Anon-miscat, via DM. “Hopefully then teammates will be a little kinder, but the mentality that Sym is such a bad character is so ingrained in the general community's mind that I think no amount of reworking will make Sym an accepted pick.”
Symmetra mains, though, are about as dedicated as Overwatch players come. If you think a little thing like seismic upheaval can scare them off, well, I'd turn around if I were you, because you're probably about to eat a laser beam to the face.
TOKYO: The US and Japan on Tuesday launched economic talks that Vice President Mike Pence said could result in a bilateral trade deal, salvaging some of the progress made in negotiations towards the now-abandoned TPP.
“At some point in the future there may be a decision made between our nations to take what we have learned in this dialogue and commence formal negotiations for a free trade agreement,” Pence said at a joint news conference with Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso.
Pence's comments came as the two countries kicked off talks aimed at achieving a new economic relationship—in line with US President Donald Trump's vow to focus on bilateral trade deals rather than multilateral ones that he says have damaged the United States.
Trump's decision to scrap the ambitious 12-nation Trans-Pacific Trade (TPP) deal championed by former president Barack Obama was a blow to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who expended substantial political capital to get the accord passed at home.
In Tokyo, there is still hope that the core of the agreement, thrashed out between the United States and Japan and intended to counterbalance China's regional economic power, can be salvaged in some form.
Pence, however, reaffirmed that there was no hope of reviving the TPP itself, which he called a “thing of the past” for the US.
Aso said the two countries had agreed to hold a second round of economic talks by the end of this year.
“I will continue having constructive talks with Mr Pence so as to deepen the win-win economic relations between Japan and the US,” he said. AFP
AFP/CC
Liquid Screed Direct Ltd. is enormously proud to present the highest quality floor sanding service in Gloucester, as well as, other parts of the UK. The company's many years of experience and expertise have propelled them to become the go-to service providers for floor sanding.
It is not commonplace to find a company offering tailored floor sanding services combined with the best industry practices and an intense passion for customer service. The company excels with every opportunity and provides assistance for small-scale residential renovations through to large-scale commercial construction.
“Floor sanding Gloucester is a very important step in the floor preparation process. It must be done before installing the final floor covering. If this step is skipped, the chances of having a loose surface can lead to the final floor finish being affected. We previously offered only guidance and advice on how to go about this task, but on realising that a lot of people are unable to achieve the desired results, we decided to offer a floor sanding service. Our professional services are aimed at helping our customers get the best out of their floor investment”, said a spokesperson of the company.
He also added, “The primary reason why we started offering floor sanding solutions is because this process requires the use of highly-specialist machines. Such machines are usually not available for the public to rent or purchase. Since we have the machines, equipment and tools required to get the job done, we decided to take care of the whole flooring requirement from start to finish for of our customers.”
Liquid Screed Direct Ltd. not only provides floor sanding services, but also takes care of all the pre- and post-arrangements. Even before commencing the sanding of the floor, their team of professionals take special care to clean the space of any sharp materials, such as nails etc. This is particularly important because sharp materials can damage their sanding machines.
On further questioning about the type of machines that the company users for floor sanding, the spokesperson said, “For the initial stages and first cut, we make use of large belt sanders and drum sanders, along with coarse grit papers. We not only sand the broad main floor, but also take care of the edges, stairs and corners. As for the second part, we make use of sand papers that have double grit.”
“We have a finishing machine or finishing sander so that your floor surface gets a finishing touch. Once we have completed sanding the floor, we spray the surface with sealants. The sealants that we choose strictly depend on the type of floor covering that our customers have chosen to use”, added the spokesperson.
Liquid Screed Direct Ltd. has a rigorous approach towards delivering unparalleled service. By offering floor sanding solutions for both residential and commercial spaces, they aim to make it easier for home renovators, as well as, property developers to install or replace floors.
The CEO of the company said, “Our sanding services are largely dust-free and we make sure we use technologically-advanced machines for the task. Our team is constantly engaged in sourcing better equipment so that we are capable of not just meeting, but exceeding the expectations of our customers.”
From its inception, the company has always been renowned for their high-level of products and services. They not only provide floor sanding services, but also offers their expert guidance and advice on how to sand the floor for DIY enthusiasts. They supply all the necessary products required to successfully sand floors. Tile or wood flooring, this company has got the capability and proficiency required to match your flooring needs. Their products and services are priced competitively.
Live updates: State of emergency, three houses destroyed as Port Hills fire rages
Find the latest updates as soon as they come to hand in one place here, as 1 NEWS provides rolling updates of important information.
Just look at the thing. Do we really need to start writing about the picture you see above? Oh fine.This is the preview image of the Kahn Design Flying Huntsman 6x6 Soft-Top. It's a Land Rover Defender , which is rad. It's a Defender 110, which is radder. The hood has been stretched to accommodate a 6.2-liter 430-horsepower GM LS3 V8, the regular 110 cabins has been stretched to accommodate bigger people, and for those who are visually impaired, the tail end has been stretched to accommodate a third axle, bringing the grand wheel total to six. All of that is also very much rad, but it's also shared with the existing Flying Huntsman 6x6 . So, old news, man.This upcoming Soft-Top version will extend the passenger compartment back into what is the pickup bed in the regular Flying Huntsman, allowing for seating under to a retractable soft-top roof. Therefore, this is the long-awaited answer to the Mercedes-Maybach G650 Landaulet . Finally! Our long national nightmare is over, folks.The Soft-Top joins the regular 6x6 plus a pair of 4x4 versions of the two-door Defender — one a full hard-top SUV design and another a regular cab pickup-like body. All get the same bodywork, though perusing the available inventory on Kahn's website would indicate you can also get the Flying Huntsman, including the 6x6, with a 2.2-liter TDCI diesel engine. That would be less rad. Also, we'd assume, catastrophically slow. But it would be more economical, which is totally what people are trying to be when milling about the English countryside in a 6x6 D110 quasi-pickup.More information about the Soft-Top will be revealed in early 2018. Given the roughly £250,000 asking price for the regular 6x6, one would assume the soft-top would be more than that. Still less than a G650 Landaulet, though, which has one fewer axle. See, that's what you call value.
An albino peacock that caused a flap when it spent days rambling around a village centre next to a busy road has been ruffling feathers once again.
Residents in Handcross were startled to see the all-white bird wandering onto rooftops, into gardens and into a local pub car park, but now - almost a year to the day - the bird has been at it again.
Bertie th peacock SUS-180530-105551001
The peacock - dubbed Bertie by locals - is thought to have returned to his old haunts in a hunt for a mate.
And while the sight of lovelorn Bertie roaming village streets has delighted many, it has also led to annoyance for some over the racket he has created with his loud cries.
Bertie hopes to attract a mate with his calling and by fanning his pure white feathers - despite there being no peahens within miles of the village.
Last year Bertie ended up being ‘rescued' and taken off to a bird sanctuary in Paddock Wood, Kent, where he was eventually tracked down and brought home by owner Jo Wilding from nearby Slaugham.
Jo Wilding SUS-180530-105611001
Now, after several days of once more entertaining villagers with his antics, Bertie is again ruling the roost at home where owner Jo is hoping to find him a mate.
Jo said: “He is quite nomadic and very curious. He is free-range so he stays here because he wants to.
“Bertie always wants to know what you are getting up to, always looking through the window, and if you leave the door open he will be on the kitchen counter.
“He was basically looking for a mate, that's why he shouts and displays his feathers.
“The females usually come running but nothing turned up here so that's why he takes himself off to the village. When he came back, he hopped back into his tree and that was that.
“If he leaves again, I will despair. He is a lovely beautiful bird.”
Tessa Fenter was among villagers who spotted Bertiegoing along Horsham Road to St Martin Close in Handcross on Sunday afternoon before he roosted on a roof for the night.
“He made the occasional call and my friend contacted his owners who told her that they brought him back from the centre who took him in last year (in Paddock Wood).
“He had wandered again as he was looking for a mate, and when he was collected yesterday morning he was returning to ‘a bride', who has been brought in for him.”
Award winning actor Gregory Blair will play the lead antagonist in Nick Hunt's unique blend of psychological thriller and slasher.
Gregory Blair in "Safe Place"
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Film
* Horror
* Actor Industry:
* Movies Location:
* Hollywood - California - US Subject:
* Partnerships
End
-- Gregory Blair () has signed on to play lead antagonist Chris Craven in Nick Hunt's psychological slasher SAFE PLACE. Craven is the perfect family man until his family is attacked one night—his wife and unborn baby murdered and his tiny daughter trapped in a coma. The horror and depression that follows turns him into a man obsessed with death and the many ways it can come about...ways he decides to mete out on an unsuspecting group of art students."I was immediately grabbed by the complexities of Chris," Blair says, "It's a character study, in a way, which is very odd for a horror film—especially a slasher: Chris may be a monster on one hand, but you get to see the sad, tragic, damaged man inside as well. So, do you empathize with his thoroughly relatable heartbreak and broken humanity or condemn him for the twisted killer he's become? I found that very intriguing. That, in addition to these left-field dollops of gleeful gallows humor akin to Terry O'Quinn in "The Stepfather", made me know I had to play the part."The bulk of SAFE PLACE tells the tale of Lori and her friends running into Chris at an art show and taking him up on his offer of a few celebratory drinks at his home. The friends realize too late that their host is far from benevolent and what begins as a casual party becomes a bloody fight for survival. Ashley Mary Nunes (All Through the House) plays Lori and horror icon Bill Oberst Jr. (who shared the screen with Blair in) plays Sherriff Bracket."Yes, there's the requisite blood-letting of the slasher genre," Blair promises. "Fans of that will not be disappointed. But I think the unexpected dynamics of the characters and how they reveal themselves is what makes the film surprising and, ultimately, unique. I'm excited to see how people respond to that."SAFE PLACE is being produced by Black Heart Pictures and begins shooting later this year. It has already been picked up for distribution by Terror Films.For more information on SAFE PLACE: http://www.imdb.com/ title/tt5632104 For more information on Gregory Blair: http://www.imdb.com/ name/nm2489045 To be a part of the film, engage in the crowdfunding campaign at: https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/safe-place-horror-film-independent
Ironically, June is both the month of the summer solstice and of America's biggest annual blizzard.
I don't mean a weather event blowing in from the Arctic, but a merciless storm of words blowing from the mouths of commencement speakers at high school and college graduation events.
This year, I was one of the blowhards, the chief speechifyer for some 260 graduates of my old high school in Denison, Texas. While it was an honor to be chosen as their ceremonial yakker, it's also a truly humbling experience, since I was the person that the degree recipients and their 5,000 supporters in the audience were least interested in.
Plus, commencement pontificators are expected to offer some sage advice to guide the grads as they moved on, and I was all out of sage. So, I resorted to three admonitions I once learned from a West Texas cowboy: “Never squat with your spurs on,” “Always drink upstream from the herd” and “Speak the truth — but ride a fast horse.”
Then I hit them with my main message: Now that you've had a dozen years in the classroom and earned this important credential, DON'T BE AN IDIOT! I used “idiot” in the same way that ancient Greeks originally meant it. Idiotes were not people with low-watt brains, but individuals who cared only about themselves, refusing to participate in public efforts to benefit the larger community — to serve the common good.
The Greeks, I told the students, considered such people selfish, contemptible and stupid ... and so should we.
The encouraging news is that this crop of graduates from Denison High nodded in agreement. After all, they've seen that the idiots are running things in Washington and on Wall Street, and the youngsters seem to be hungry for less selfishness and more togetherness as our society's guiding ethic.
To stress the rich possibilities of a society working together, I noted that any of us who rise in life do so because many helping hands give us a lift. While this night of celebration belonged to the students, the achievement being celebrated belonged to the whole community — the families, friends, teachers, taxpayers and others who were part of the lifting.
I told them about Harrell's hardware store, located near my home in Austin, Texas. It's an independent un-chained, small-box store with a knowledgeable staff willing to help customers figure out how to do most any project. Harrell's slogan is, “Together, we can do it yourself.”
Like most commencement droners, I urged the bright faces beaming from beneath their funny square hats to do “Big Things” in life. But my point was that bigness cannot be measured in terms of personal wealth and self aggrandizement (the narcissistic ethic presently being preached and practiced by today's corporate and political elite). Rather, only by joining with others in democratic actions can you achieve something bigger than yourself.
As Bill Moyers noted in an earlier graduation speech: “Civilization is not natural. It's an accomplishment of culture. It is not just ‘what happens,' it is what we make happen.” The key word there is “we,” for no “I” is big enough to do the job. But together, as Harrell's hardware says, “We can do it.”
The proof of this was sitting right in front of me at the graduation ceremonies. When I was in their place in 1961, every single person in my class and the audience was a white Anglo. Our schools and town were totally segregated. On this night, though, the ceremony taking place on a beautiful night in the football stadium was a glory of Anglo, African, Latino, Arab, Asian and other ancestries.
Denison became a better, more civilized place only because so many people (including some of the grayheads in this audience) had dared to stand together to make it happen. The class of 2013 applauded this ethic of social progress, and they gave me hope that they and others like them will pull our country together again, e pluribus unum.
— Jim Hightower is a national radio commentator, writer, public speaker and author of Swim Against The Current: Even A Dead Fish Can Go With The Flow. Click here to contact him, follow him on Twitter: @JimHightower, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are his own.
Audi AG increased its worldwide deliveries in July by 3.5 percent year-on-year. With about 154,600 cars sold, the company achieved the highest July sales in its history.
Sales increased in all core regions – in Europe by 1.4 percent, in North America by 4.0 percent and in Asia-Pacific by 6.7 percent. China made up the biggest share of gains in the past month, up 10.3 percent to 51,235 customers. In the United States (+2.5 percent), Audi continued its growth streak despite the clearly negative market environment. About 1.063 million worldwide deliveries since January are 3.6 percent below the 2016 reference figure following a challenging beginning of the year. At the start of July, the cumulative figure was still at a negative 4.7 percent.
“With balanced global growth in July, we have achieved a successful start into the second half of the year,” said Dietmar Voggenreiter, Board Member for Sales and Marketing at Audi AG. “We want to continue this in the coming months. In China, signs returned to point clearly towards growth for Audi. And in more and more markets, we are noticing tailwind from our successful new models.”
About 7,100 Audi Q2 were delivered to customers in July. While the model is being introduced successively in several overseas markets, almost 50,000 customers in Europe alone have already chosen the city SUV this year.
In China, the positive recent trend for Audi was clearly confirmed in July: Deliveries rose by a significant 10.3 percent compared with 2016 and achieved a new record for the month with 51,235 units. Chinese Audi dealers registered rising demand throughout all segments. Since returning to its course of growth in June, Audi has been able to considerably reduce the cumulative year-on-year sales dip: 306,020 units since January are 9.1 percent below the 2016 figure.
In the US, Audi sales across all models increased in July by 2.5 percent to 18,824 deliveries. Audi of America has thus continued to achieve growth each month in the year to date despite the negative market environment. With 121,795 US customers since the beginning of the year and a cumulative increase of 5.6 percent, Audi is the only major premium manufacturer to post substantial growth in the market. In Canada, the high double-digit growth of the previous months continued for the four rings in July: up 29.7 percent to 3,179 customers. With an increase of 18.4 percent to 21,383 deliveries since January, Audi Canada has now sold more cars within seven months than during all of 2013, just four years ago.
The month also concluded positively for Audi in Europe – around 69,350 customers in July represented further growth of 1.4 percent. Among the region's major markets Italy, the Netherlands (+17.7 percent) and the United Kingdom (+10.8 percent) stood out with double-digit growth. In the United Kingdom, business for Audi continues to develop much more robustly than the declining overall market. Since January, Audi has delivered 102,810 cars to British customers, 1.3 percent more than a year ago, observing very positive response to the Q2 in this market as well. In the whole of Europe, where the generation changeover for the Q5 was first initiated, the high demand for the second generation of this SUV model is also increasingly reflected in the overall sales balance: In July, around 7,300 Audi Q5 delivered to customers in Europe exceeded the previous year's figure by 19.5 percent.
NEW YORK (AP) — The latest on developments in financial markets (all times local):
9:50 a.m.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note, a benchmark for many kinds of interest rates including mortgages, hit 3 percent for the first time since January 2014.
The rising yield reflects higher expectations for inflation and economic growth.
Advertisement
Stocks moved broadly higher in early trading Tuesday as a handful of solid company earnings reports put investors in a buying mood.
Verizon, Harley-Davidson and Fifth Third Bancorp all rose.
The S&P 500 index rose 3 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,674.
The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 47 points, or 0.2 percent, to 24,523. The Nasdaq increased 11 points, or 0.2 percent, to 7,139.
Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury went as high as 3 percent in early trading before slipping back to 2.99 percent.
___
9:35 a.m.
Stocks are opening broadly higher on Wall Street as a handful of solid company earnings reports put investors in a buying mood.
Verizon, Harley-Davidson and Fifth Third Bancorp all rose sharply in early trading Tuesday after reporting results that came in ahead of analysts' forecasts.
Google parent Alphabet also reported surging earnings, but its stock fell 2.2 percent as the company said spending rose sharply.
Drugmaker Shire rose 3.3 percent after saying it had received another takeover offer from Japanese rival Takeda.
The S&P 500 index rose 9 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,680.
The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 71 points, or 0.3 percent, to 24,523. The Nasdaq increased 34 points, or 0.5 percent, to 7,162.
Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury rose to 2.99 percent.
AGED CARE: Advocate Heather Mansell-Brown says the Federal Government isn't addressing what she says is a dire need for staff ratios and a royal commission.
AGED CARE: Advocate Heather Mansell-Brown says the Federal Government isn't addressing what she says is a dire need for staff ratios and a royal commission. Crystal Jones
FOUR sets of aged care standards will be merged into one under a new Federal Government proposal.
The intended amendment is included in the Aged Care (Single Quality Framework) Reform Bill 2018 which is currently before a senate committee.
Under current legislation, residential, home care, transition care and indigenous care fall into separate sets of standards.
Member for Hinkler Keith Pitt said introducing a single set of standards across the industry would mean less red tape and more choices for residents.
"By having the one set of standards, it will increase consistency and set out core expectations for all aged-care services, and places a greater focus on consumer choice,” Mr Pitt said.
"There has been significant consultation with stakeholders, including over 200 submissions to the consultation paper on draft quality standards.
"They will complement the new Aged Care Quality and Safety Commission (which begins on January 1, 2019), ensuring the strong regulation of Australian aged care and further promoting consumer confidence in aged care services.”
The Aged Care Quality and Safety Commission will be a one-stop shop for highlighting failures in nursing homes and bringing them into line while raising quality benchmarks.
The news comes as the government prepares to host a number of aged care forums across the state, including two in Bundaberg on August 14.
Mr Pitt said the Federal Government was working on improving the embattled aged care industry.
"The Coalition Government announced additional high-level home care packages in the recent Budget so older Australians can stay at home longer, if they want to,” he said.
"About 36,000 people aged 65 and over call the Hinkler electorate home, and getting the care they need, whether that's in their home or an aged care facility is of utmost importance.”
This month, the Aged Care Workforce Strategy Taskforce presented aged care minister Ken Wyatt with a list of recommendations for improving the industry.
Among key actions recommended in the strategy are improved education and training for staff and and a commitment from industry peak bodies to establish a voluntary code of practice.
The Federal Government's initiatives come as little comfort to aged care advocate Heather Mansell-Brown, who has been fighting for nurse to patient ratios and a royal commission into aged care since her husband suffered horrific injuries due to neglect.
Ms Mansell-Brown held a meeting in Bundaberg earlier this year which was broadcast nationally.
There, nurses, residents and family members spoke of neglect, chronic understaffing and grave concern for the future of the industry.
"I'm not impressed because I know it's an election thing,” she said.
"Everything is half-promises.
"We're not happy with it, we're going to call another meeting in Bundaberg in mid-August.”
Mrs Mansell-Brown said advocates for change would not back away from a call for a royal commission.
"There's still a lot of anger out there regarding aged care,” she said.
"It's too little too late and I'm not having it shoved under the carpet.”
Leading Age Services Australia (LASA), who advocate on behalf of providers, say they're happy to adhere to suggestions but said "fair resourcing of the sector” was needed.
"The current funding system is not sustainable and a national solution for funding would be the growing cost of aged care is required,” LASA CEO Sean Rooney said.
In May, the Federal Government announced a $5 billion funding boost over a five-year period to target 19 of the aged care industry's problem areas.
By Abby Hassler
Beyoncé and Jay-Z rule the musical world and are one the most famous couples on earth. Though the two have collaborated on multiple tracks, you've never heard them together quite like this.
Related: Beyoncé in Labor?
A 19-year-old producer, Amorphous, created a project he calls Bey-Z, which takes instrumentals from Jay-Z's musical catalog and infuses them with Beyoncé's killer vocals. The results are magical.
“I was playing one of Jay's tracks in the car,” Aamorphous told Complex, “and I started to sing ‘Formation' over the beat. I immediately rushed home as I knew that I had something interesting on my hands and got to working. I completed it in several minutes, adding some small production elements of my own… I [tried] to find songs that worked together lyrically in some aspects but truly complimented each other.”
Listen to a preview of “Bey-Z” below and check out the whole thing on Bandcamp.
A seven-year-old girl who is a carer for her two disabled brothers has been turned into a superhero character – in the BEANO.
Caring Breeze Martin helps her parents look after wheelchair-bound Coast, nine, and Blue, 10, who both battle severe autism and require 24-hour care.
But in her spare time the youngster loves to read the Beano, which she fell in love with at the age of four after buying an old annual at a school fair.
A few months ago, she wrote to the Beano revealing: “I like looking after my severely disabled brother Coast. He can't speak so I like imagining what he might be thinking.
“I also like drama and roast dinners.”
Creatives at Beano responded by dedicating an entire page in the magazine to the smiley schoolgirl and creating a character based on her.
The cartoon version of Breeze also has a superpower – the “amazing” ability to “fix things” and make her siblings “feel better”.
Her mum Becky, 42, of Cheltenham, Glos., said: “When I showed Breeze the magazine she thought it was amazing. She said, ‘I've got my superpower.'
“It's difficult when you have two children who are very disabled and require a lot of time, to give Breeze the time that most seven-year-olds have.
“Sometimes it's hard for her to do the things that other kids get to do, so for her to have something like this is wonderful.
“It would be really easy for a big company to ignore her but they have made her dream come true. It's really sweet.
“It's really special for her – it's like when a child writes to Santa.”
In the comic, Breeze introduces Coast, who is sitting in his green wheelchair, and Blue, who both have a genetic fault, and her little brother Harbour, four.
Her kindhearted character then helps mischievous Beano star Minnie the Minx fix her catapult with her superpower.
In real life, Breeze is devoted to helping her mum and dad John, 55, who are both full-time carers but volunteer in the disability sector, keep her brothers entertained.
Former business owner Becky said: “It would be really easy for Breeze to complain as we have to pay so much attention to her older brothers, but she doesn't.
“Coast is developmentally like a baby and he is quite psychically disabled. Breeze looks after him a great deal – she always makes sure he is happy.
“If he is feeling sad she will try and play tickles with him or do row the boat or hand-clapping, and she loves pushing him around in his wheelchair and introducing him.
“Blue is much more able and can speak, but he has really narrow interests – at the moment he's obsessed with Mr Men.
“Breeze is very caring. She puts up with her older brothers and has got more patience than I have – it's a natural instinct.
“She always makes sure everyone is happy and is sunny and smiley. I'm very proud.”
The delighted schoolgirl was also made ‘Beano Boss' for the issue – a special job given to a reader which sees them help the team make editorial decisions.
She got to choose which submitted letter won the weekly competition and was sent a list of jokes to pick which one would be printed.
Breeze said: “I wrote to them and they wrote back to me. It's really fun being in the Beano. It is really cool.
“Lots of people buy it and my friends have seen it. They think I'm famous.”
Beano's editorial director Mike Stirling, said the team decided to create a comic strip about Breeze after being moved by her letter.
A cartoonist then brought the story to life using some family photos for inspiration.
Mike said: “When we spoke to Breeze she told us she told us all about her family and said she really enjoys looking after Coast.
“She said he can't speak so she likes to imagine what he might be thinking.
“She is using her imagination and making people feel better, and it's lovely to be able to capture that in the comic.
“If we can do a tiny little thing that makes a kid like her happy, it's top notch for us.”
Category: News
Saint-Gobain Seals Meldin 7000 Polyimide Material for Electric Harness Component
Media Contact
Saint-Gobain Seals
sealsmarketing@ saint-gobain.com Saint-Gobain Seals
End
-- Saint-Gobain Seals'virgin polyimide product has been recently qualified as a precise fixing element on electric (wire) harnesses for a well-known jet engine program because it reduces global cost of installation by making it easier and faster and provides customers. Developed and produced at their Bristol, Rhode Island, site since the early 2000s, theis used for applications in a wide range of temperatures from -196°C to 316°C continuously and up to 482°C intermittently (from -321°F to 600°F and intermittently to 900°F); it is often specified for structural critical parts inand high-purity critical parts in electronics (field).Careful attention to electric systems onhas been growing; one reason is due to the high quantity of electric wires present in jet engines, including those on pneumatically driven aircraft. The electric wires become an issue for aerospace manufacturers who need them to be robust enough to resist the harsh conditions of the engine environment such as high temperature, presence of harsh chemicals and moisture, vibrations and sharp edges. A second difficulty is fixing the wires properly to the engine structure. This is where an electric harness comes in handy since it binds the wires and fixing element together so they are secure.Not only is the electric harness important but the fixing element is also crucial. The most important requirement for the fixing element is to be electrically insulative so it does not transfer electricity from the wire to the surrounding elements. It also needs structural strength but at the same time be gentle on the wires in order not to damage them. Wires are becoming thinner to keep total weight as low as possible and in line with airframers' target of reducing fuel consumption, which make them more easily damaged.A key advantage of using http://www.seals.saint- gobain.com/products/ meldin-7000? ut... ) material as the fixing element of an electric harness becomes evident in the installation process as it is much easier compared to traditional solutions such as heat-shrinkable materials. Meldin® 7001 material never needs to be pre-heated, is easier to fix and aligns with other elements on the outside of the engine as a result of the design flexibility that polymer materials contain. All these factors make installation not only easier but also much faster, reducing the global cost for engine manufacturers.Another major advantage of this material is its production process. Even though Meldin® 7001 is a thermoset material and the economic advantage of injection molding process is not accessible, Saint-Gobain Seals'has been able to develop a process called direct forming that compression molds the raw material in powder form directly into the finished parts with no or limited machining required to reach final shape and tolerances. Because harness components are typically required in high volumes (since there are quite a large number per engine), this process manages to keep price at a reasonable level.Additional important properties of Meldin® 7001 material for this precise fit application are:· Hardness (40-55 Rockwell E)· Water absorption is low for a polymer material (0.23% in 24 hours)· Mechanical properties are retained at elevated temperature, over 50% of tensile strength at RT is retained at 260°C (500°F)· Low dielectric strength; dielectric constant is 3.18 at 100 Hz· Thermal conductivity is very low· Thermal expansion is limited and closer to metals· Surface finish (of the machined part) is very smooth; good for contact with wiresTo learn more about Saint-Gobain Seals' OmniSeal®, Rulon® and Meldin® product lines or its strategic business unit, please visitSaint-Gobain Seals is a strategic business unit under Saint-Gobain Performance Plastics' Engineered Components SOA (sector of activity); our parent company, Saint-Gobain, is one of the world's top 100 industrial groups as well as one of the oldest manufacturing companies in the world with 350 years of excellence. With more than 50 years of manufacturing experience and an established global presence (with strategic sites in Garden Grove, California, and Bristol, Rhode Island, USA; Kontich, Belgium; Neuhaus and Wertheim, Germany; and Minhang, Shanghai, China), we offer a diverse range of critical parts for extreme applications that are designed to protect core systems.
The Federal Reserve is punishing Wells Fargo.
The Fed said late Friday that it will restrict the bank's growth in light of "widespread consumer abuses," including its notorious fake-accounts scandal.
Wells Fargo won't be allowed to get any bigger than it was at the end of last year until the Fed is satisfied that it has cleaned up its act.
"We cannot tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank," outgoing Fed Chairwoman Janet Yellen said in a statement. Friday is her last day on the job.
Wells Fargo will replace three board members by April and a fourth by the end of the year. In addition, the bank must improve its risk management.
The bank agreed to the Fed's conditions under what's known as a consent decree.
Related: Elizabeth Warren wants the Wells Fargo board wiped out
In a statement, Wells Fargo said it is "confident" it can meet the Fed's requirements.
Wells Fargo has admitted that its workers responded to wildly unrealistic sales goals by creating 3.5 million potentially fake accounts. The bank has also said it forced up to 570,000 customers into unneeded auto insurance.
--CNNMoney's Matt Egan contributed to this report.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Education authorities insist a major overhaul of the special needs assistant (SNA) scheme in schools will improve outcomes for young people and is not a cover for cost-cutting.
Almost 35,000 students with additional care needs - such as autism - are currently supported by more than 14,000 special needs assistants to attend school each day.
The Department of Public Expenditure has previously expressed concern over “rapidly escalating”costs which have jumped by more than third in the past five years to half a billion euro.
A review of the scheme by the National Council for Special Education has found that, while it works well for some pupils, “radical changes” are needed to improve outcomes for students.
This involves broadening the current role of SNAs - which are confined to care needs such as toileting, mobility and feeding - to help assist with the delivery of speech and language or occupational therapy, and with meeting children's emotional and social needs.
On foot of this, the council recommends raising the qualifications required to become a SNA, better training and greater access to speech and language and other therapies within schools.
Minister for Education Richard Bruton welcomed the report and said it was clear the State's existing response to meeting the needs of students with additional care needs should be broadened to offer a more comprehensive and tailored response.
“My Department will now begin to develop proposals to implement the recommendations of the comprehensive review of the SNA scheme,” he said.
Other recommendations include:
* Re-naming SNAs as “inclusion support assistants”, to reflect their focus on developing student's independence;
* Boosting access to a greater range of supports, and making expertise available in regional teams to support schools. This will include 10 regional teams with 230 specialist teachers, therapists, special educational needs organisers and behavioural practitioners who will work directly with schools and students;
* Provision of in-school therapy;
* Training and upskilling for SNAs as well as teachers and the wider school community
The council has estimated that the changes would cost an additional €40 million a year, and says they should be phased in over a number of years.
Teresa Griffin, the council's chief executive, said thousands of SNAs have worked extremely hard to meet the needs of students with additional care needs.
“However, the reality is that, to get the best outcomes, students need the right support from the right person at the right time,” she said.
“Students may need speech and language therapists, occupational therapists, nursing supports and people who are trained to help them manage challenging behaviours. They may need access to SNAs who are trained to meet their additional care needs.”
The proposed changes follow an 18-month review of the scheme, along with consultation with schools, parents, policy-makers and students.
The National Association of Principals and Deputy Principals said the council's proposals were a “ huge leap forward” by recognising the wide range of supports required by students.
However, the group's director Clive Byrne said funding must be prioritised and ring-fenced.
Josh Homme has apologised profusely after he kicked a photographer at a recent concert.
The Queens of The Stone Age frontman has confessed to "making a lot of mistakes" in his life after admitting to knocking Shutterstock employee Chelsea Lauren's equipment flying at the KROQ Acoustic Christmas show at The Forum, Los Angeles on Saturday night.
Professing how sorry he is, calling himself a "total d**k", in a teary two-minute video posted on Twitter, the 44-year-old musician said: "I don't have any excuse or reason to justify what I did. I was a total d**k and I'm truly sorry and I hope you're okay."
Thanks to Josh Homme @queensofthestoneage I now get to spend my night in the ER. Seriously, WHO DOES THAT?!? #joshhomme #queensofthestoneage #qotsa #qotsafamily #concertphotography #musicphotographer A post shared by Chelsea Lauren (@chelsealaurenla) on Dec 9, 2017 at 11:38pm PST
The 'Little Sister' singer - who has 22-month-old son Wolf, six-year-old Orrin and 11-year-old Camille with wife Brody Dalle - said that his actions means he has "failed" as a husband, father and friend.
Advertisement
He continued: "I've made a lot of mistakes in my life and last night was definitely one of them. I apologise for that to you. I want to be a good man but I think last night I definitely failed at that.
"That means I failed my family and my friends as well. I don't want them to ever be ashamed or embarrassed about being around me or knowing me."
Before adding that he needs to take some time for himself to prevent himself from messing up in the future.
He added: "I'm gonna have to figure out some stuff I think ... because rock n' roll's a wonderful thing. It's supposed to save and help people, not mess them up."
In a separate note on his band's social media channels, Homme name-checked Chelsea and said he would never "intentionally cause harm to anyone".
He wrote: "Last night, while in a state of being lost in performance, I kicked over various lighting and equipment on our stage.
"Today it was brought to my attention that this included a camera held by photographer Chelsea Lauren. I did not mean for that to happen and I am very sorry. I would never intentionally cause harm to anyone working at or attending one of our shows and I hope Chelsea will accept my sincere apology. - Joshua Homme (sic)"
Josh Homme of Queens of the Stone Age performs with a bloody face onstage during KROQ Almost Acoustic Christmas 2017 at The Forum on December 9, 2017. Photo / Getty
Chelsea shared the incident in a video on Instagram showing the rocker walking past knocking the stuff over, and revealed she was rushed to a nearby hospital for treatment for her face, which she said was "hurting badly".
She later told Variety: "Josh was coming over and I was pretty excited. I've never actually photographed Queens of the Stone Age before. I was really looking forward to it. I saw him coming over and I was shooting away. The next thing I know his foot connects with my camera and my camera connects with my face, really hard.
"He looked straight at me, swung his leg back pretty hard and full-blown kicked me in the face. He continued performing. I was startled. I kind of stopped looking at him. I just got down and was holding my face because it hurt so badly."
In March, Homme was reportedly sued for allegedly assaulting an autograph seller.
A lawsuit filed was filed against him at Wayne County Circuit Court by school teacher Jason Leckrone, who was seeking a minimum of US$25,000 for assault, defamation, false light, appropriation and intentional infliction of emotional distress after the altercation, which took place in April when the rocker was playing a show in Detroit, Michigan, with Iggy Pop as part of their Post Pop Depression Tour.
Finally It's Proven! You Don't Get Equal Chocolates In A Quality Street Tin
If you were wondering why you never seem to have enough of your favourite chocolate, this is why.
Having bust-ups over who gets what from a tin of Quality Street is probably the best bit about Christmas.
However, if like us, you've been left short-changed when it comes to your favourite sweets then you probably won't be surprised to know that you don't actually get the same amount of each sweet in the tin.
Yep, it's no longer just a Christmas Day conspiracy.
That constant paranoia you have about being left with the strawberry cream because all the caramel swirls are gone is actually valid.
The ongoing debate about Quality Street tins getting smaller is now being overshadowed by a new fear - eating less of your favourite sweets.
According to research by the CDA group, there are LESS caramel swirls with the average number per tin being just FOUR sweets.
Meanwhile, the most popular sweet you're likely to find in your tin this Christmas is the fudge chocolates.
The company counted the chocolates in a 750g tub of Quality Street and found the following:
10 Fudges
9 Toffee Pennies
8 Orange Cremes
8 Coconut Eclairs
8 Strawberry Delights
6 Toffee Fingers
6 Milk Choc Blocks
5 The Purple Ones
5 Green Triangles
5 Honeycomb Crunches
5 Orange Chocolate Crunches
4 Caramel Swirls
So basically, the chances of getting the sweets you actually want are very slim, so you need to get in there FAST.
Don't worry though, if you do happen to miss out on your favourite sweet then CDA have come up with a very handy exchange rate system which is a fair way to swap the sweets you don't want for the ones you do.
Looking at the chart below, two Strawberry Delights would help you bag one The Purple One, while two Fudges will bag you one Green Triangle.
Simple!
Hopefully, that will resolve some of the arguments at Christmas, and if you're not willing to play fair then you just make sure you get in there first!
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WJBF) – The investigation continues into the murder of Mable Jordan. Richmond County Sheriff's Office arrested 13-year-old Zitedrick Shelly and charged him with murder and armed robbery in connection to the 61-year-old's death. Investigators told us she was a homeless woman. But as they work to get answers about Jordan's death, we worked to find out more about who she was.
We headed to Essential Cleansing Center on Central Avenue in Augusta, where Shanta Johnson said she is still dealing with her friend.
“I couldn't sleep last night because I had just been thinking about her and just how sweet she is and I know she wasn't a threat to anybody,” he said.
Johnson provided a service to Mable Jordan Tuesday, two days before she was gunned down at 15th and Harper Streets.
“Mable was a regular client. She has been coming here since I opened. She would visit me two to three times a month.”
It's been 11 years since Johnson opened Essential Cleansing Center, so she said she's known Jordan a long time performing detox services on her feet. And the title homeless truly isn't how she thinks of her.
She added, “She was very independent. She never asked for anything. She never asked for anything free. She was really particular about what she accepted if you wanted to give her something.”
Kimberly Beasley knew Mable too.
“She was sitting there and she was getting her feet detoxed and I wasn't feeling well and I was getting a service there too. She was like ‘Oh you'll be OK. You just have to stop eating that junk.'”
Beasley told NewsChannel 6 she saw Jordan a few weeks ago at Essential Cleansing Center. But normally, she saw her downtown walking outside and inside Curvitude Boutique, the business she owns on 9th and Broad.
“People that's downtown, you see them everyday. The people that walk, whether they're homeless or whether they like to do their exercising, you know the staples. She was, I would say for me a staple,” she added. “When I saw her, ‘hey girl, how are you doing?'”
Beasley welcomed Jordan into the shop often in her six years being there. That's how Shawnda Kettles Griffin met her too.
“She would come by and share her lunch with me and I would share my lunch with her. She was a lady of wisdom. She was a friend. She was a sweet person,” Kettles Griffin explained.
And though all of these women who run businesses that Jordan supported are still trying to understand why this happened, they find comfort in the memories she left them with.
“She was honest about who she was,” Kettles Griffin said. “She didn't have the best of life. She didn't have the worst of life either. She wasn't a millionaire, but she wasn't destitute and homeless and broken down like she's being portrayed. She was a woman. She was a human being. And she was kind enough to share her wisdom. She as kind enough to lend a hand. I think she just really liked people.”
We now know that funeral arrangements have been made for Jordan. Her funeral takes place Thursday at Williams Chapel at 1 o'clock. She will be buried at Mt. Olive Memorial Garden afterwards.
Irish Water announces hosepipe ban for the whole country
04 July 2018
Irish Water has announced a hosepipe ban for the whole country.
The measure has been in place in the Greater Dublin Area since the start of the week and will be extended nationwide from Friday at 8am.
The order bans the use of water for non-essential activities like watering the garden or filling a paddling pool and will continue until the end of the month.
Irish Water say the decision has been made because of the drought conditions, which are due to continue into next week.
They are encouraging people to keep conserving water to help protect water supplies.
– Digital Desk
Share it:
Don't Miss
There has been a 16 per cent drop in the number of convictions for rape and attemped rape in Scotland, Heart has learned.
The figures emerged after a closer look at official Scottish Government statistics.
There were 104 convictions in 2015-16 compared to 124 in 2014-15.
More than 1800 victims contacted Police Scotland during the most recent period to say they had been attacked.
Rape Crisis Scotland said the figures were "worrying" and raise concerns over a "justice gap".
Heart's Connor Gillies reports:
The Crown Office declined our invitation for an interview but a spokesperson said: "The prosecution of sexual offences is complex and challenging.
"These crimes often occur in private outwith the presence of independent witnesses. There may be no forensic evidence particularly if the offence is historic in nature.
"Conviction rates are affected by these factors. Despite this year's fall, the number of convictions for rape and attempted rape have nearly tripled since 2010-11.
"The Crown takes a firm and rigorous approach to sexual offending. It has a specialist unit which deals with sexual offences. Its specialist prosecutors are experienced in the investigation, analysis and presentation of these cases. The Crown will continue to support the victims of sexual offences and seek to bring sexual offenders to justice."
Detective Superintendent Pauline McCallum said: "Police Scotland has taken a tough stance against rape and those who commit these offences, investigating every report it receives and pushing for the highest tariff offences.
"Working closely with partners, the force's focus is to prevent rape and sexual assault, to raise awareness and to tackle sexual crime.
"We acknowledge that rape is an under-reported crime. We want to encourage people to come forward and to report. Police Scotland officers will listen and will act. We will continue to work collaboratively to ensure that victims are given every opportunity to engage with us and be supported by partner agencies to allow them to have the confidence to report.
"We will continue to work with partners and actively seek their feedback in order to inform our process, organisational learning and improve outcomes for victims. We will continue to work closely with COPFS, health and victim support agencies to provide a more holistic and effective service to victims of rape."
April 6 Balaji Telefilms Ltd
* Balaji Telefilms Ltd says ALTBalaji partners with ACT Fibernet to promote, distribute subscription video-on-demand service
* Balaji Telefilms - ACT Fibernet's customers will now be able to subscribe to ALTBalaji's SVOD service as part of broadband package
* Balaji Telefilms - ALTBalaji will be commercially available from mid-April Source text: bit.ly/2nGH35m Further company coverage:
You may be unsure of what to do next, when you notice your elderly loved one showing signs of difficulty in processing information. The situation can be even scarier for your loved one, too because cognitive decline may mean that s/he may lose their independence.
Talk to the doctor
The first thing to do is to talk with your loved one's doctor right away. The doctor can accurately diagnose the condition and determine how much of your loved one's cognitive abilities are being affected. Such issues could be due to a health condition, such as Alzheimer's disease or dementia or even depression. Early diagnosis and treatment can give your loved one a chance at a better quality of life.
Check for environmental causes
Several factors may cause your loved one's cognitive issues, apart from diseases. Not getting enough nutrition from food may also cause his/her brain to not work properly. The same holds true for sleep. Lack of proper sleep can also cause cognitive issues.
Keep a close eye on such environmental causes yourself or talk to your loved one's doctor about them.
Follow the care plan
Depending upon the doctor's recommendations, create a plan of action for your loved one. Once you have done that, it's extremely important to stick to that plan. For example, if your loved one is suffering from an illness and has been prescribed medication, it is important for him/her to take it on time. In the case of other causes, such as disturbed sleep, your loved one's doctor may advise an exercise plan or change of routine. It is essential that your loved one follows the plan to get positive results.
Get additional help
With your aging loved one's changing needs and challenges, you may need extra help at home. You can get that help from other family members or professional, senior home health care providers. Before your loved one's situation worsens or leads to an accident, having extra help will benefit you as well as your loved one.
If there are any changes in your loved one's care plan, gradually adjust it to accommodate his/her changing needs.
If you or an aging loved one are considering home health care to provide compassionate care and motivation, get in touch with a professional home health care agency.
If you are looking for San Antonio home health care agencies or best sitter services for the elderly in San Antonio, call Home Nursing and Therapy Services at 210.822.8807 Today. With a mission to be the highest quality home health agency, HNTS offers caregivers for multiple needs and ensure you and your loved ones lead a healthy and meaningful life through our nursing and therapy services.
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged, allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers.
Today is International Lefthanders Day. Left-handed people of old never had such a celebration. Just centuries previously, should you have picked up a pen (or quill) with your left hand, you might have been denounced as a witch. “The Devil himself was considered a southpaw, and he and other evil spirits were always conjured up by left-handed gestures,” wrote a 1969 TIME magazine journalist. The Bible gives no fewer than 25 unfavorable references to the left hand.
Indeed, the very word ‘sinister' comes from the Latin word meaning, simply, ‘left'. Even a couple of generations before now, schools across the world made left-handers write with their right hand, leftie tied behind their back. The struggle was real.
But while today's southpaws–or cack-handers, maladroits or ham-fisters–might not face a Salem-style trial for preferring their left hand, bias against left-handers–let's call it lefthandism–is still a common thing in design, despite the fact around 12% of the world's population, or around 800 million people, are left-handers.
Tech is no stranger to lefthandism. Samsung's Galaxy S8 recently wrangled a few lefty nerves for the placement of its fingerprint scanner. The Korean company has history: “When the first Samsung Galaxy phone with a curved edge display came out, the company completely disregarded how left-handers could use the device,” writes The Verge's Natt Garun.
It's far from alone. Scissors and writing are probably the most infamous examples of lefthandism in design. But Kindles, Handycams, games console controllers, mouses and other modern contraptions are evidence that when it comes to ergonomics, tech designers can often give less than a pixel how their device will work for lefties.
One outlier is the QWERTY keyboard, devised in the 1870s by Pennsylvania-born inventor and newspaper editor Christopher Latham Sholes. The layout means that the English language's most common letters are on the left side, making right-handers use their weaker side most of the time (take a moment to relish your small victory, southpaws).
Despite a 1936 attempt to rectify this for righties by psychologist August Dvorak, Latham Sholes' keyboard has more or less survived the digital revolution intact: quite the feat for a comparatively ancient invention.
It's not the only advantage for left-handers. Lefties are dominant on the right side of their brain, which controls creativity and 3D perception. It's why so many artists, writers, architects and musicians are left-handed. Among history's most illustrious cack-handers are Aristotle, Julius Caesar, Leonardo Da Vinci, Marilyn Monroe, Tom Cruise, Lewis Carroll, Matt Groening (and Bart Simpson), Spike Lee, Jimi Hendrix, Sir Paul McCartney, Babe Ruth and Pele.
Bill Gates is also left-handed–which makes Microsoft's Mouse 2.0, which garnered significant lefthandist criticism when it was launched in 1983, all the more surprising. And despite the many positives, it seems the world is still, on the whole, against left-handers.
Right-handed people reach puberty four to five months earlier than lefties. Lefties often suffer emotional stress and behavioral difficulties, and, according to a Harvard University study, a leftie will earn up to 12% less money than right-handers over the course of his or her life.
Which is why today, on International Lefthanders Day, we urge the tech industry: speak up! Design better! And make the world a better place for the 12% of us who, while we might not suffer actual violence, must put up with minor annoyances every day.
March 29 Summit Therapeutics Plc
* Summit Therapeutics reports financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended 31 January 2017 and operational progress
* Summit Therapeutics Plc - loss for year ended 31 January 2017 of 21.4 million pounds compared to a loss of 20.1 million pounds for year ended 31 January 2016
* Summit Therapeutics Plc - believes its existing cash and cash equivalents, including an anticipated $22.0 million payment for a near-term development milestone under licence and collaboration agreement with Sarepta, will be sufficient to enable it to fund its operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements through to 31 December 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Thiel College alumna Clarissa Arbuckle '11 has been appointed coordinator of the Disability Resource Center at Thiel, a leading liberal arts college in northwest Pennsylvania.
Thiel College graduate Clarissa Arbuckle '11 to lead college disability center.
Contact
Thiel College
***@thiel.edu Thiel College
End
-- Clarissa Arbuckle '11 has been appointed the coordinator of the Disability Resource Center at Thiel College, a leading liberal arts college in northwest Pennsylvania.Arbuckle graduated from Thiel College (https://www.thiel.edu/)in 2011, attended Yale Divinity School and completed her Master of Arts in college counseling from Edinboro University of Pennsylvania in May. She is a nationally certified counselor. Arbuckle also serves as the assistant director of the Thiel College Career Development Center.About 15 percent of Thiel College's students sought services through the Disability Resource Center last year, according to statistics from the office. Arbuckle said she is anticipating similar numbers for this academic year. The office works with students with physical, psychological and medical disabilities. First-year students arrive for Welcome Weekend on Aug. 25, and the remainder of the student population returns Aug. 27."Clarissa has proven to be a valuable resource for our students in the Career Development Center," Vice President for Academic Affairs and Dean of the College Liz Frombgen, Ph.D., said. "In this role, she will promote inclusion within the campus community and provide disability awareness information to the campus community. Clarissa will be an outstanding advocate for our students with disabilities. She will make sure they have equal access to Thiel College's educational, social and cultural opportunities."Thiel College ( https://www.thiel.edu/ ) is a private liberal arts institution founded in the Lutheran tradition. Located in Greenville, Pa., the College offers 60 majors and minors, 25 varsity sports, and an 11:1 student-faculty ratio to more than 900 students. A dedicated faculty paired with dynamic research and internship opportunities produce numerous graduate school and job placements. Coeducational from its beginnings, the College celebrated its 150th anniversary in 2016 and remains committed to combining tradition with innovation.
WASHINGTON (AP) — So much for an abrupt U.S. pullout from Syria.
One month ago President Donald Trump surprised many, including some in his own administration, by announcing, "We'll be coming out of Syria, like, very soon. Let the other people take care of it now." He insisted that the time had come for the U.S. military to shift its focus away from Syria.
But on Tuesday, it was clear that something or someone had changed Trump's mind.
The president said at a White House news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron at his side that before the U.S. withdraws from Syria, "we want to leave a strong and lasting footprint." This long-term approach, he added, was "a very big part" of his conversation with Macron, who told reporters that he and Trump now agree that the Syria problem involves more than Trump's priority of ridding the country of Islamic State extremists.
Advertisement
The two leaders indicated that they see Syria as part of a broader problem of instability in the Middle East, which includes Iran's role in Syria and Iraq.
That kind of strategic thinking bears little resemblance to Trump's words in late March when he said it was time to leave Syria to others.
"We got to get back to our country, where we belong, where we want to be," he said March 29. His comments raised questions about U.S. intentions, including its commitment to the Syrian Kurds who have been the main U.S. proxy in fighting IS in Syria and who face an uncertain future.
Since then, Trump has taken a markedly different course, including bombing three suspected chemical weapons sites in western Syria on April 13. In announcing that action, Trump said he was committed, along with France and Britain, to using "all instruments of our national power — military, economic and diplomatic" — to deter Syria from again using chemical weapons. And he said the U.S. would "sustain" this effort for as long as it takes.
Two days later, Macron said France had persuaded Trump to stay in Syria and launch the airstrikes. "Ten days ago, President Trump wanted to withdraw from Syria. We convinced him to remain," the French president said.
In responding to Macron's comments, the White House stressed that Trump's plans had not changed and he still wanted U.S. forces to "come home as quickly as possible."
On Tuesday Trump seemed to step even further away from his March remarks. After saying he would "love to get out" of Syria, and claiming the U.S. had "done a big favor" for Iraq and other countries in Syria's neighborhood by hammering IS, Trump said he and Macron discussed the downside of leaving.
"Emmanuel and myself have discussed the fact that we don't want to give Iran open season to the Mediterranean, especially since we really control it," Trump said. His comment echoed a concern shared by others, including Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, that withdrawing from Syria now, while Syria's political crisis is unresolved, would cede ground to Iran and enable its ambition to establish an overland pathway to the Mediterranean through Iraq and Syria. Trump stuck to his view that Arab nations should do more to prevent Iran from "profiting off" the U.S. success against IS.
Even after Trump's talk last month of a quick exit, Mattis stuck to his approach, arguing that U.S. strategic goals had not changed. He told a congressional hearing on April 12 that the Trump administration remained committed to finding a political solution to Syria's seven-year-old civil war.
"Our strategy remains the same as a year ago," he said. "It is to drive this to a U.N.-brokered peace, but, at the same time, keep our foot on the neck of ISIS until we suffocate it."
On Tuesday, a spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition fighting IS in Iraq and Syria, Col. Ryan Dillon, told reporters at the Pentagon that the United States is not slowing down in Syria. In fact, he said, the number of U.S. airstrikes against remaining pockets of IS fighters in eastern Syria had increased in the past week.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
The Vintage Optical Shop is US's largest online retailer of authentic vintage eye-glasses and sunglasses.
Contact
Levi
***@vintageopticalshop.com Levi
End
-- The Vintage Optical Shop is US's largest online retailer of authentic vintage eye-glasses and sunglasses. The online store is rewarding their loyal customers with an amazing offer, where shoppers can avail $20 off on their next purchase by subscribing to the store's newsletters.The Vintage Optical Shop is US's leading online provider of authentic vintage eyeglasses and sunglasses. Vintage lovers now have more reasons to choose from the store's wide range of products and make their shopping experience more exciting. In order to show their gratitude towards the loyal customers, the online retailer has launched an offer. Sign up for emails from The Vintage Optical Shop and get $20 off coupon for your next purchase!By subscribing to newsletter from The Vintage Optical Shop, shoppers also get assurance to be the first to receive news and notifications about new arrivals, sale events, as well as specials, coupons and much more! This offer can be used to buy any product from the inventory of The Vintage Optical Shop which includes Vintage Cat Eyeglasses & Sunglasses, Pince Nez Glasses, Windsor glasses, safety goggles, John Lennon Glasses and more. All of their products are genuine vintage and available at highly competitive prices.The process of signing up is easy – all you have to do is to enter your email ID and click on 'Subscribe' button. You may need to add The Vintage Optical Shop to your accepted lists of email addresses and check firewall and spam filter settings. The $20 off coupon is a onetime offer and applies to new email subscribers only.The Vintage Optical Shop is America's most trusted store for buying retro styled eyeglasses frames. With their genuine vintage products made up of quality material and fun designs, they make sure that you always have a fun new look with a vintage twist. They offer affordable unused, handcrafted collection of eyeglasses frames, ideal to be used as a prop, prescription glasses and sunglasses. Be their loyal customers and get your hands on genuine vintage fashion accessories. For more details, shoppers can visit their website and view their offered range of vintage eyeglasses. In case of any queries, you can visit their FAQ section or fill the contact form of the website: http://vintageopticalshop.com/ The Vintage Optical Shop offers a unique selection of carefully sourced vintage eyewear pieces ranging from the 1850s to the 1980s. The company proudly boasts of selling authentic vintage glasses that have been carefully crafted to bring forth the history, creativity and personality of these gorgeous fashion styles from each era.
Golfer Tiger Woods had pain, anxiety and sleep medications, as well as THC, in his system when he was arrested on Memorial Day on suspicion of driving under the influence, according to a toxicology report released Monday by the Palm Beach County (Florida) Sheriff's Office.
A urine test revealed hydrocodone and hydromorphone, two opioid pain medications; alprazolam, prescribed for anxiety and panic disorders; zolpidem, a sedative prescribed for insomnia; and metabolites of alprazolam and of THC, the active ingredient in marijuana. Metabolites are what remains in the body after a person uses a drug.
"Recently, I had been trying on my own to treat my back pain and a sleep disorder, including insomnia, but I realize now it was a mistake to do this without medical assistance," Woods said in a statement Monday. "I am continuing to work with my doctors, and they feel I've made significant progress. I remain grateful for the amazing support that I continue to receive and for the family and friends that are assisting me."
The US National Library of Medicine warns against mixing alprazolam with either hydrocodone or hydromorphone, suggesting that the combination might lead to dizziness, lightheadedness, extreme sleepiness, slowed or difficult breathing, or unresponsiveness. In particular, hydrocodone plus alprazolam may increase the risk of "breathing problems, sedation, coma, or other serious, life-threatening side effects."
Police records indicate that Woods, 41, was found asleep on the side of a road in his 2015 Mercedes-Benz. The engine was running and the brake lights on, with the right turn signal flashing. The front and rear tires on the driver's side had gone flat, with both tire rims showing minor damage.
Police found no crash or property damage.
When he was awakened, Woods' speech was slurred. Dahscam video released by the police show him walking unsteadily when asked to get out of his car; shortly thereafter, he is unsure of what is happening to him. A Breathalyzer registered 0.000 for alcohol.
The police report noted that Woods was cooperative.
Woods said at the time of his arrest that alcohol was not involved and that he had "an unexpected reaction to prescribed medications."
In June, the golfer stated on Twitter that he was receiving "professional help" to manage his medications for back pain and a sleep disorder. In July, he said he had completed an out-of-state private intensive program.
Last week, Woods entered a DUI first-offender program, according to a representative for the state attorney in Palm Beach County.
The program typically calls for a defendant to plead guilty to a lesser charge of reckless driving, but no plea was entered on behalf of Woods. His arraignment is set for October 25.
Woods has won 14 major tournaments, second only to Jack Nicklaus. The golfer hasn't played competitively since he withdrew from the Dubai Desert Classic in February due to back spasms.
He underwent fusion surgery on his back this year, his fourth operation since 2014. Woods wrote that "it was instant nerve relief" in a post on his website May 24.
Woods said Monday, "Regarding my back, I recently spoke to my surgeon and he's very pleased with how my fusion is healing. I'm right on schedule. I'm now doing some light lifting, riding a stationary bike and putting a little."
Despite his injuries and pain, he has expressed a desire to continue to play golf professionally.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - French savers are a good bulwark against Marine Le Pen winning the presidential election on Sunday. The far-right presidential hopeful has a strong core of supporters who back her eurosceptic manifesto. And her spendthrift economic policies may appeal to voters whose jobs and personal finances are precarious. But a vow to ditch the single currency is likely to repel undecided voters in a country with the third-highest savings rate in the euro zone.
Gallic households stash away more than 14 percent of their gross disposable income, according to the European Union statistics office. Only Germans and Slovenians are bigger savers in the euro zone, while outside the bloc, the British save less than half that amount. Thriftiness brings with it a wariness of anything that might erode the value of such nest eggs, such as Le Pen's plan to reintroduce a national currency alongside the euro.
Critics say that the currency would slump in value, money would flow out of the Republic, and financial and economic chaos would ensue. With her presidential rival, the centrist Emmanuel Macron, around 20 percentage points ahead of her in the polls, Le Pen is trying to reassure voters this won't be the case. She said on April 29 that there was no rush to dump the euro and that other policy changes might take precedence. And in a Reuters interview published on Tuesday, she said capital controls could be imposed if there were a run on banks while she was negotiating an EU exit, though they were unlikely to be needed.
Such efforts to appeal to a wider range of voters are unlikely to succeed. After all, Le Pen's anti-euro creed is far from the only reason that voters are expected to pick Macron as president. But in a nation of savers, this is a policy that the National Front will have to dilute if the party wants to improve its score in the future.
The world's turbulent countries can learn something from Ireland's successful peace process, President Michael D Higgins told a United Nations meeting on ending wars and insurgencies at the world body's headquarters on Tuesday.
Mr Higgins stressed the importance of holding direct talks, securing funding and foreign support, and the contributions of women and civil society groups in working towards the landmark Belfast Agreement two decades ago.
“Ireland, the country I represent, knows from our own peace process, which continues to this day, that peace does not come without engaging with the experience of the other, that it remains a process to be nurtured,” Mr Higgins told the 193-nation General Assembly.
Ireland's peace was achieved by “direct engagement by the two governments involved in the negotiations; sustained financing for peace-building activities; strong support from the European Union; and generous and patient backing from other members of the United Nations, most particularly from those with a connection to Ireland such as the United States, ” he added.
Mr Higgins' comments under the domed roof of the United National General Assembly hall marked the start of his week-long official visit to the United States.
He spoke against a gloomy backdrop of conflicts in Syria, Yemen, Libya, South Sudan and other global hotspots that often involve religious and inter-communal tensions and are frequently made worse by foreign interference.
“Our peace could not have been achieved without the steady and courageous activism of civic organisations campaigning for a more just and peaceful society, many of which were led by the women of Ireland, North and South,” Mr Higgins told delegates.
He spoke from the same podium as Belgium's King Philippe, Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif and other statesmen in a two-day, high-level debate on “peace-building and sustaining peace”.
Mr Higgins' appearance was viewed as something of a sales pitch, in the context of Ireland's bid to win sufficient votes in a 2020 election to return as a UN Security Council member on January 1st the following year.
Ireland's campaign for a Security Council seat is being led by Ireland's UN ambassador, Geraldine Byrne Nason. In the past, Ireland has won two-year rotating terms on the 15-member Security Council in 1962, 1981 and 2001.
The president did not directly address Ireland's bid for a seat, in which Dublin faces stiff competition from Canada and Norway, but spoke in broad terms about the importance of the UN and multilateral diplomacy.
“Let us once again, in this hall, recall the energy and bravery which animated our forebears in their best moments and devote ourselves to the cause of a universal peace, one that encompasses all of the people of our shared and vulnerable planet,” Mr Higgins said.
He also hinted that Ireland was disappointed in a UN Security Council that has been deadlocked on Syria and other threats thanks to the veto powers of one of the body's permanent members: Russia, China, the UK, France and the US.
“The young of the world are appalled by any suggestion that what is normative is for the General Assembly and that the strut of the powerful and the wielders of power prevail in the Security Council,” Mr Higgins said in his 10-minute address.
Mr Higgins was speaking as part of a week-long visit to New York where he will hold high-level meetings with UN Secretary General António Guterres and other officials. He will deliver a key-note speech at Columbia University on Thursday as part of the university's World Leaders Forum. The President will also visit the Irish Arts Centre in New York, attend an event to honour women leaders in the field of business, politics and philanthropy held by the Ireland Funds and meet with members of the New York ex-patriate Irish and GAA communities.
The president is accompanied on his visit to New York by his wife Sabina and by the Minister for Children and Youth Affairs, Katherine Zappone, who represents the Government. The visit runs until Saturday.
A logo of Galaxy Macau, part of the Galaxy Entertainment Group (GEG), is displayed at a news conference on the gaming resort's results in Hong Kong, China February 28, 2017. REUTERS/Bobby Yip - RTS10QN3
TOKYO Macau casino operator Galaxy Entertainment Group Ltd (0027.HK) on Wednesday said it has partnered Societe des Bains de Mer (SBM) (BAIN.PA), hoping the Monaco peer will help it trump rivals to win a license in Japan's nascent gambling market.
Galaxy and SBM will jointly develop and run entertainment businesses including casinos and hotels in Japan and the Asia-Pacific region, the companies said in a statement.
"We intend to capitalize on the Monte-Carlo brand," President Michael Mecca told Reuters in an interview. "All of the entities of Monaco and the principality ... are very enthusiastic about joining us and doing business in Japan."
SBM is majority-owned by the Mediterranean principality, and since 2015, 5 percent owned by Galaxy. The Monaco firm said it hopes the partnership will help it grow in Asia.
Still, Galaxy faces strong competition to win rights to run a resort in Japan, which legalized casinos late last year.
A host of international operators including U.S.-based Las Vegas Sands Corp (LVS.N) and MGM Resorts International (MGM.N) also aim to enter the market.
The government is drafting a law, due by December, on how to regulate the industry, and people familiar with the matter have told Reuters that Japan will likely pick locations and operators in 2019 and open casino resorts by 2023.
Before the selection process begins, resort operators including MGM and Hard Rock Cafe International Inc have been forming consortia with prospective hosts and domestic companies.
Galaxy is also wooing national and local governments, as well as real estate, construction and transportation firms, but will not insist on a stake of over 50 percent in any consortium, Mecca said.
"We are not coming with a preconceived notion or demand to be a majority shareholder," he said.
Other operators have taken such positions, with Hard Rock saying it would seek a stake of 40 percent to 60 percent in any consortium.
Galaxy declined to detail the size of any investment in Japan, but said its net cash of $2.1 billion would allow it to begin a project without waiting for financing.
Sands and MGM have said a casino resort would need an investment of up to $10 billion.
Just two casinos in major Japanese cities could generate over $10 billion in annual gaming revenue, rising to $25 billion if 10 further casinos outside metropolitan areas are approved, brokerage CLSA has said.
(Reporting by Thomas Wilson and Emi Emoto; Editing by Christopher Cushing)
The City Council gave tentative approval to the long-deferred “Love Kreme” ice cream parlor proposed for Louisiana Avenue, but like the similarly controversial Subway sandwich shop on Magazine Street, City Councilman Jay H. Banks said he plans to meet with both sides personally before allowing the ordinance to be drafted.
Reginald Commodore began his journey through the city approval process last September, but his original proposal for the ice cream parlor at 940 Louisiana Avenue included short-term rental apartments that was vehemently opposed by neighbors. Then-Councilwoman LaToya Cantrell sent the project back to the City Planning Commission urging him to apply only for a conditional use for the ice cream parlor, and that version of the project split the commissioners 3-4.
A final decision on Commodore's conditional-use request was deferred several times by the previous council, and by the first meeting of the new council on May 24, it was on deadline and could not be deferred again.
Several neighbors reiterated their opposition to the project, while Commodore showed a video of numerous people around the Irish Channel pledging their support. With so little time to dig into the issue after being swon in, District B Councilman Jay H. Banks asked the council to approve the request, but said he would hold the ordinance allowing the project until more meetings could be held.
“Those neighbors over there are saying they don't want it, but we have a video of a bunch of people saying that they do,” Banks said. “This is not going to be one-sided. This is all brand new and fresh.”
The Council voted 6-1 in favor of Banks' motion, with Helena Moreno the only vote against it. At the urging of Council President Jason Williams, Banks reiterated his promise to convene meetings with both the Delachaise neighbors and the ice cream parlor owner.
A research study titled, “3D Scanning Market by product Type – Global Industry Analysis and Forecast to 2022” published by Crystal Market Research.
In 2012, the global 3D Scanning Market was evaluated over USD 1.70 billion and is anticipated to reach around USD 3.66 billion by 2022 while maintaining a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 7.12% during the forecasted period. A 3D scanner is equipment that studies a real-world environment or objects to accumulate data of its shape as well as perhaps its appearance. The accumulated data can then be employed to create digital 3D or three-dimensional models. 3D scanners measure the tangible objects with the help of x-ray, laser or light and form polygon meshes or dense point clouds.
Get sample pages of this report @ https://tinyurl.com/y986kpm9
Industry Outlook:
3D scanners are also referred as white light scanners, 3D digitizers, industrial CT, LIDAR, laser scanners, and others. There are several diverse 3D scanning methods, based on different imaging principles. As a few technologies are ideal for short-range scanning, remaining technologies are best for mid- or long-range scanning. The 3D scanning technology has application everywhere in a production phase and assists to save money, material and time. 3D scanning ensues in superior quality and enhanced fitting parts that need less production cost. By using 3D scanning, the expenditure of a typical production design cycle can be abbreviated by 75%. 3D scanning presents numerous advantages like rapid capturing of all measurements of particular tangible object, less time-consuming design work, as well as the guarantee of parts production with specific measurements which is actuating the 3D scanners demand.
Technology Outlook and Trend Analysis:
The global 3D scanners market is anticipated to demonstrate lucrative growth while maintaining a significant compound annual growth rate over the projected period of 2012 to 2022. Development of handy 3D scanners and technological advancement is predicted to fuel the growth of global 3D scanner industry. Reverse engineering services are experiencing high adoption owing to extensive industrial applications in industries like manufacturing, automobile, aerospace, and defense. In addition, body or face scanners are anticipated to achieve grip over the forecast period with extending applications in security surveillance and in medical and healthcare industry. Though, elevated initial cost of 3D scanners is restraining the product's industrial adoption and is likely to restrain the growth of the global 3D scanner market over the coming years.
Competitive Insights and Product Segmentation:
The major market players for the global 3D scanners market are; Steinbichler Vision Systems (SVS), Inc., Nikon Metrology NV, 3D Systems, Fuel3D Technologies Limited, Autodesk, Inc., 3D Digital Corp., Basis Software Inc., Hexagon AB, FARO Technologies, Inc., David Vision Systems GmbH, Creaform Inc., and Ametek, Inc. According to the product type, the global 3D scanner market is classified as; Optical Scanner, Laser Scanner, and Structured Light Scanner. On the basis of the range of the 3D scanner, the global market industry is divided into; Short range, Medium range, and Long range. By application, the market is split as; Healthcare, Aerospace & Defense, Architecture & Engineering, Industrial manufacturing, and Other Applications.
Regional Outlook:
Geographically, the global 3D scanner market is segmented into regions which are; Europe (Germany, Spain, Italy, France, UK and Rest of Europe), Asia-Pacific (Japan, China, India, Australia, South Korea and Rest of Asia Pacific), North America (the United States, Mexico and Canada)and Rest of the World (Brazil, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, United Arab Emirates and Others).
Key findings of the 3D scanning market:
Technological advancements, falling costs of laser technology and expansion of developing countries are the major driving factors stimulating the global market growth while elevated cost of 3D Scanners and its implementation are the restraints for the growth of industry over forecast period.
In Asia-pacific region, the rise in product demand for various industrial manufacturing processes is anticipated to boost the market growth, thus the Asia-pacific will rule the global market. It is followed by North American regional market owing to increasing R&D spending in this region.
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @ https://tinyurl.com/yb7p7eqp
The key market contributors include Nikon Metrology NV, 3D Systems, Fuel3D Technologies Limited, Autodesk, Inc., 3D Digital Corp., Basis Software Inc., Hexagon AB, FARO Technologies, Inc. and David Vision Systems GmbH.
(Updates with final IPO price)
MADRID, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Spanish property developer Metrovacesa on Friday set the final price for its stock market listing at 16.5 euros per share, the bottom end of its indicative range, valuing the company at 2.5 billion euros ($3.11 billion), down from a previous estimate of up to 2.95 billion euros.
The pricing at the bottom end of the range and a one day delay in the listing, which will be on Tuesday, is a negative sign for the first new listing this year in the property sector which has attracted a large part of Spain's foreign investment in the past few years.
The company was forced to cut its indicative price range after it struggled to find investor demand for the listing, which is the first since Catalonia's political crisis came to a head when the regional government declared independence.
Around a fifth of Metrovacesa's assets are in Catalonia.
The final price sat at the bottom of the adjusted range of between 16.5 and 17 euros, which itself was cut on Thursday from an initial range of 18 to 19.5 euros.
Residential construction in Spain is thriving with foreign investment pouring into developments in cities and coastal resorts, a decade after a property bubble burst leaving banks laden with developers' bad loans.
House builder Neinor Homes listed last year, the first flotation by a Spanish residential builder in a decade.
Metrovacesa was taken over by creditors Santander and BBVA in 2009. The banks are selling stock in the company as part of the listing although they will remain majority shareholders.
BBVA, Santander, Deutsche Bank and Morgan Stanley are acting as the joint global coordinators and joint bookrunners for the offer, while Goldman Sachs and Société Générale are acting as additional joint bookrunners. (Reporting by Sonya Dowsett and Paul Day; editing by Jason Neely and Jane Merriman)
A lucky Christchurch resident is counting the ways they can spend their money after pocketing $20.2 million in what is the fourth largest lottery win in the South Island.
Source: 1 NEWS
The person took home the Powerball First Division on Saturday night after buying their ticket from the Hornby Mall Lotto.
They are the first big Powerball winner in the new year after 19 people won Powerball in 2017.
Four other lucky Lotto players also shared in the prizes on Saturday.
LNP Deputy Leader Tim Mander visited Bundaberg yesterday and discussed key policies to support small businesses if elected at the October 2020 state election.
LNP Deputy Leader Tim Mander visited Bundaberg yesterday and discussed key policies to support small businesses if elected at the October 2020 state election. Bev Lacey
BUNDABERG businesses will benefit from faster State Government payments and less red tape in the Liberal National Party's plan to make Queensland an economic powerhouse again.
LNP Deputy Leader Tim Mander visited Bundaberg yesterday and discussed key policies to support small businesses if elected at the October 2020 state election.
"Small businesses are the backbone of Queensland's economy," Mr Mander said.
"They are the local operators who create jobs. They are the heart and soul of many communities in regional Queensland.
"At a time when we have the highest unemployment rate in the nation, it's pretty obvious that more needs to be done to support our small businesses.
"As a government, we want to get out of the way of small businesses and let them get on with what they do best.
"That means less red tape (a 20 per cent reduction over six years) while making it easier to do business with the State Government."
Mr Mander said the LNP's Fair Pay Policy meant government contracts up to $1 million would be paid within 20 calendar days, down from 30.
He said the Chamber of Commerce supported the LNP's Fair Pay Policy.
"Reducing the time it takes for the State Government to pay its bills improves cash flow for small businesses," Mr Mander said.
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Lin-Manuel Miranda and Ben Platt have teamed up for a cause.
The Broadway stars have united to create “Found/Tonight,” a mashup of “You Will Be Found” from Dear Evan Hanson and “The Story of Tonight” from Hamilton.
Related: Lin-Manuel Miranda Shares ‘Almost Like Praying ft Artists for Puerto Rico (Salsa Remix)'
The song comes with a new music video. Watch it below. Sheet music for “Found/Tonight” is made available for free here.
The song was inspired by the thousands of students across the country who mobilized following the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting in Parkland, FL just last month. A portion of all proceeds will go towards the March For Our Lives Initiative. Platt and Miranda are also united in encouraging other artists to help spark a viral campaign by explaining why they march using the hashtag #IWillMarch.
“In the wake of Parkland, I was awestruck by the strength and leadership of the students and their ability to speak truth to power,” Miranda explained in a press statement. “In the midst of their grief, they mobilized the youth of our nation and created a movement. This is their moment. Not just for themselves, but for all of us. This song is my way of helping to raise funds and awareness for their efforts, and to say Thank You, and that we are with you so let's keep fighting, together.”
“When Lin called me to be a part of this mashup, I couldn't say no,” Platt added. “Better gun control is something that all Americans should be passionate about. These students are paving the way for future generations and it's so inspiring to see young people standing up for what is probably the most important cause right now in this country, and demanding action. I hope that this song can play some small part in bringing about real change.”
Find more information about the March For Our Lives Initiative here.
The owner of dazzleVdesigns is looking to local retailers to carry her creations, made of upcycled material
A local entrepreneur has found a second, more eco-friendly use for the constantly changing poster billboards that can be seen along the freeway. They also make fashionable tote bags.
Veronica Aguirre-Kolb, owner of dazzleVdesigns, said she has been sending samples of her bags to Santa Barbara-area businesses in the hopes that others take notice of upcycling, a type of recycling that finds alternative uses for materials already deemed as waste.
The 32-year-old Santa Barbara native said the tote bags are perfect for carrying groceries, a possible substitute for the plastic-based reusable bags being sold at other stores.
As a full-time senior yoga instructor at Bikram Yoga Santa Barbara, Aguirre-Kolb also has come up with what she calls “grodi” bags, which are designed with an anti-mildew interior to tote around sweaty — and often smelly — workout clothes.
Aguirre-Kolb said living so close to the Pacific Ocean has helped her focus on the goal of keeping the water from becoming the world's next landfill.
“I'm trying to encourage shops in town,” Aguirre-Kolb told Noozhawk. “Upcycling makes it so we're already using trash. We can't totally eliminate plastic. I just want people to know about the upcycling.”
Aguirre-Kolb founded dazzleVdesigns five years ago as a freelance floral designer and decided to add the eco-friendly, bag-making component 2½ years later.
She spent a year researching to find the best material, which she buys online from a Philadelphia-based company and then takes to Mama Bears in Goleta so local seamstresses can clean and then measure and cut the billboards into bags.
Bags Aguirre-Kolb showed Noozhawk recently were made from a Budweiser billboard and one advertising Menards, a Midwest-based hardware supply store.
Aguirre-Kolb said some surfboard companies use the same upcycled material to hold dingy, heavy wetsuits.
She has been working with her alma mater, Bishop Garcia Diego High School, to help promote and use the tote bags, which cost $15 and are available to purchase online. The grodi bags, which are $25, have been selling out more quickly.
Aguirre-Kolb said businesses have the option of swapping out her dazzleVdesigns logo for their own.
She hopes to eventually turn a profit, but mostly she said she's making the upcycling push because someone should.
“This is the smallest thing I can do, but it's something,” Aguirre-Kolb said. “I'm doing my best for the ocean.”
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
NEW YORK (AP) — Toymaker Mattel Inc. is warning that its holiday sales are being hurt by the struggles of some of its key brands and by retailers tightening their inventories.
The outlook, made in a regulatory filing Monday, comes two weeks before Christmas and marks the latest in a string of challenges for the nation's largest toy retailer.
Mattel's brands include Barbie, Hot Wheels and Fisher-Price. It says it expects its gross sales for the full year to decline in the at least mid-to-high single percentage range compared to last year.
The company based in El Segundo, California, has struggled with children's increasing penchant toward technology.
FILE - In this Jan. 31, 2018 file photo, Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner delivers his State of the State address at the Capitol, in Springfield, Ill. The State Journal-Register via AP File Rich Saal
Jose Mourinho vowed to use the rest of the campaign as a catalyst for an improved Premier League title charge next season after effectively conceding this year's crown to Manchester City.
This is comfortably United's best league campaign since Sir Alex Ferguson retired as a champion in 2013, yet Pep Guardiola's swashbuckling side boast an eye-watering 15-point cushion at the summit.
The Reds Devils have been City's nearest rivals throughout the campaign but Mourinho concedes the gap is almost certainly insurmountable with 13 games remaining, saying United “need points to be the first of the last”.
It was a surprise admission – albeit a realistic one – from the Portuguese, who is focused on cup glory and runners-up spot in a bid to help propel his side to a better challenge next year.
“I always remember when Sir Alex said in 2005-06, when we won the second title with Chelsea, ‘we need to improve a lot because they raised the bar to such a level',” Mourinho said.
“‘They won two titles in a row, the second title was easier than the first' and then the biggest manager in the Premier League said ‘we need to improve a lot'. He felt that moment as a click for the improvement of the team.
“In 2006-07, Manchester United wins the title back. It has to be like that.
“That's why I think every match until the end of the season is an important match for us because it is not just about the points and finishing in the top four, which is important.
“But try to finish second, try to play the best we can, try to improve the players individually the best we can, try to be the best possible team in the end of the season.
“And then try to start the Premier League in a good way, like we did this season, but try to be consistent and try not to lose points like we did this season in some matches where we shouldn't.”
By contrast, City have eked out fortuitous victories thanks to a mixture of skill and determination – attributes Mourinho admires.
But there are aspects about Guardiola's side that grate on the Portuguese, such as what he feels is a proclivity to go down.
City have not needed any help going to deck recently having been on the end of some nasty challenges that have understandably angered Guardiola and his players, but Mourinho believes refereeing standards are just fine.
“If I was top of the league, you would immediately say I am saying it because I am top of the league and I am very happy,” the United boss said.
“I am not top of the league and I have to say I am happy with the level of performance I am having the season with the referees team.
“Yes, they made mistakes, but I am happy with the level I am having.”
A mistake is what Mourinho believes Maroaune Fellaini could be making if the Belgian does not put pen to paper quickly.
The Belgium international has so far resisted the offer to stay beyond the end of the season and hobbled off with another knee injury shortly after coming on in the midweek loss at Tottenham.
“I told him yesterday ‘sign the contract and shut up',” Mourinho said with a laugh.
“I told him ‘don't gamble too much, sign the contract before you know the extent of the injury'.”
Share it:
Don't Miss
State senators have approved three gun-control measures aimed at curbing the possibility of a future mass shooting.
Senators last week passed bills banning bump stocks and trigger cranks to turn guns into semiautomatic weapons; increasing the waiting period after the purchase of an assault weapon from 24 to 72 hours; and restricting individuals under the age of 21, not meeting listed exemptions, from possessing assault weapons.
Age restriction
“As a former police officer, I have seen firsthand the damage these weapons can do in the wrong hands. It's horrifying,” Assistant Senate Majority Leader Tony Munoz (D-Chicago) said in urging support of his bill to raise the age for possessing assault weapons in the state. “We have to do better to prevent this violence, and this is a step in the right direction.”
Munoz amended the original state House proposal and excluded military personnel and competitive shooting teams, and created “affirmative defense,” covering anyone under 21 already owning such a weapon or having a valid Firearm Owners Identification card.
Increasing the ownership age for assault weapons drew the most debate on the Senate floor March 14 and was the closest of the three votes. Senators passed the measure in a 32-22 vote.
Republicans voting for the age increase were John Curran of Downers Grove and Chris Nybo of Elmhurst.
Democrats voting against the measure were Jennifer Bertino-Tarrant of Shorewood, Tom Cullerton of Villa Park, William Haine of Alton, and Andy Manar of Bunker Hill.
Voting “present” were Steven Landek (D-Bridgeview) and Jim Oberweis (R-Sugar Grove).
Absent from the vote were Scott Bennett (D-Champaign) and Dan McConchie (R-Hawthorn Woods).
Some Republican senators said the affirmative defense would not stop an overzealous police officer or state's attorney from charging an 18- to 20-year-old living alone with unlawful use of weapon for defending himself against an intruder in his home.
“Who in their right mind as a cop would want to go after a young man or lady that has an FOID card and charge them with a felony?” Munoz, a former police officer, said. “And even if they did bring them to the state's attorney, the state's attorneys are the ones who make the charge.”
Oberweis said the legislation does little to address the root causes of gun violence, but instead threatens Second Amendment rights guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution to lawful gun owners.
He said much more could be accomplished if partisanship was removed from the legislative process.
“For some time now, I have been very concerned about the direction Illinois is headed. What we need is a legislature that sets aside partisanship and works together,” Oberweis said. “We need our lawmakers to say ‘I think this is a good bill for Illinois. I don't care if it is a Republican bill or a Democrat bill.' Or we need to say, ‘This is a bad bill for Illinois. I don't care if this is a Republican bill or a Democrat bill, we have to vote against it.'”
Bump stocks
Nybo said banning bump stocks is a pivotal step toward reducing gun violence in the state.
“After the Parkland school shooting, the Las Vegas massacre and the increasing gun violence on the streets of Chicago and around the country, public safety must be a bipartisan issue and a top priority,” said the Elmhurst Republican who was a chief sponsor of the measure. “We must remove this fatal and unnecessary device from the hands of irresponsible and dangerous shooters and protect civilians from senseless violence.
The legislation would ban the sale, manufacturing, purchase and possession of bump stocks, attachments that allow a rifle to fire faster. The legislation was introduced as a response to the deadly mass shooting in Las Vegas after bump stocks were found at the scene of the crime, employed by the shooter to target more victims.
The bump-stock ban passed by a vote of 37-16.
Along with Nybo, other Republicans voting for the bump-stock ban were: Sue Rezin of Morris, Oberweis and Curran.
The sole Democrat to vote against the measure was Haine.
Voting “present” were: Pam Althoff (R-McHenry), Karen McConnaughay (R-St. Charles), Tom Rooney (R-Rolling Meadows) and Steve Stadelman (D-Rockford)
Absent from the vote were Linda Holmes (D-Aurora) and McConchie.
Waiting period
State Sen. Julie Morrison (D-Deerfield) sponsored the legislation to increase the waiting period to purchase an assault weapon in Illinois from 24 to 72 hours.
“Increasing the waiting period to obtain an assault weapon ensures sufficient time to complete a background check and increases the ‘cooling off' period for those who may cause harm to others,” Morrison said. “Requiring a 72-hour waiting period is a commonsense reform that will help keep our neighborhoods safe.”
Current Illinois law requires a 72-hour waiting period to obtain a handgun after purchase. Assault weapons, including the AR-15 and other military-style weapons, are only subject to a 24-hour waiting period.
The Senate approved the measure in a 43-15 vote.
Republicans voting in favor of increasing the waiting period were: Michael Connelly of Naperville, Althoff, Curran, McConnaughay, Nybo and Rooney.
No Democrats voted against the measure.
McConchie was absent from the vote.
—- Illinois Senate moves gun-control measures forward —
6:50 a.m. – The Ako Retainers
9:30 a.m. – Tora-san's Dear Old Home
11:20 a.m. – Life of Hishakaku
1 p.m. – The Hawk of the North
2:30 p.m. – The Sword of Justice
4:10 p.m. – In Blazing Love
6:20 p.m. – Gassoh
7:50 p.m. – Snake Princess: Oshima and Sentaro
9:20 p.m. – The International Gang of Kobe
11 p.m. – Dancing in Hawaii
FRIDAY, JUNE 15
12:40 a.m. – Restoration Fire
2:10 a.m. – The Pirates
4 a.m. – Sister With Sister
5:30 a.m. – The Ako Retainers
8:10 a.m. – Showdown at Lightning Pass
9:40 a.m. – Gassoh
11:10 a.m. – Fine Man
12:40 p.m. – Life of Hishakaku
2:20 p.m. – Yakuza Official
4 p.m. – Code Between Brothers: All-New
5:30 p.m. – The Ako Retainers
8:10 p.m. – Sister With Sister
9:40 p.m. – Mother
11:10 p.m. – The Tokyo Dame
SATURDAY, JUNE 16
12:40 a.m. – In Blazing Love
2:50 a.m. – Fine Man
4:20 a.m. – Code Between Brothers: All-New
5:50 a.m. – Life of Hishakaku
7:30 a.m. – Yakuza Official
9:10 a.m. – Mother
10:40 a.m. – The Hawk of the North
12:10 p.m. – The Sword of Justice
1:50 p.m. – Snake Princess: Oshima and Sentaro
3:20 p.m. – Dancing in Hawaii
5:00 p.m. – Restoration Fire
6:30 p.m. – North Sea Chivalry
8 p.m. – Desperate Sunflowers
9:50 p.m. – Crimson Peacock, Parts 3 & 4
11:40 p.m. – The Pirates
SUNDAY, JUNE 17
1:30 a.m. – The Ako Retainers
4:10 a.m. – Showdown at Lightning Pass
5:40 a.m. – Restoration Fire
7:10 a.m. – North Sea Chivalry
8:40 a.m. – Desperate Sunflowers
10:30 a.m. – Crimson Peacock 3 & 4
12:20 p.m. – The Tokyo Dame
1:50 p.m. – In Blazing Love
4 p.m. – Sister With Sister
5:30 p.m. – The Hawk of the North
7 p.m. – Rainbow Over the Pacific
8:50 p.m. – Dancing in Hawaii
10:30 p.m. – Yakuza Official
MONDAY, JUNE 18
12:10 a.m. – Life of Hishakaku
1:50 a.m. – Snake Princess: Oshima and Sentaro
3:20 a.m. – The International Gang of Kobe
5 a.m. – Showdown at Lightning Pass
6:40 a.m. – The Tokyo Dame
8:10 a.m. – The International Gang of Kobe
9:50 a.m. – Rainbow Over the Pacific
11:40 a.m. – The Pirates
1:30 p.m. – Sister With Sister
3 p.m. – The Ako Retainers
5:40 p.m. – Showdown at Lightning Pass
7:10 p.m. – The Sword of Justice
8:50 p.m. – Snake Princess: Oshima and Sentaro
10:20 p.m. – The Tokyo Dame
11:50 p.m. – In Blazing Love
TUESDAY, JUNE 19
2 a.m. – Code Between Brothers: All-New
3:30 a.m. – The Ako Retainers
6:10 a.m. – The International Gang of Kobe
7:50 a.m. – Dancing in Hawaii
9:30 a.m. – North Sea Chivalry
11 a.m. – Crimson Peacock, Parts 3 & 4
12:50 p.m. – Fine Man
2:20 p.m. – Code Between Brothers: All-New
3:50 p.m. – Crimson Peacock, Parts 3 & 4
5:40 p.m. – The Pirates
7:30 p.m. – Gassoh
9 p.m. – Fine Man
10:30 p.m. – Restoration Fire
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 20
Midnight – North Sea Chivalry
1:30 a.m. – Showdown at Lightning Pass
3:10 a.m. – The Tokyo Dame
4:40 a.m. – In Blazing Love
6:50 a.m. – Gassoh
8:20 a.m. – Yakuza Official
10 a.m. – Life of Hishakaku
11:40 a.m. – The Hawk of the North
1:10 p.m. – The Sword of Justice
2:50 p.m. – Snake Princess: Oshima and Sentaro
4:20 p.m. – The International Gang of Kobe
6 p.m. – Life of Hishakaku
7:40 p.m. – Something Like, Something Like It
9:20 p.m. – Mother
10:50 p.m. – The Hawk of the North
THURSDAY, JUNE 21
12:20 a.m. – The Pirates
2:10 a.m. – Sister With Sister
3:40 a.m. – Dancing in Hawaii
5:20 a.m. – Restoration Fire
6:50 a.m. – Sister With Sister
8:20 a.m. – Mother
9:50 a.m. – Something Like, Something Like It
11:30 a.m. – The Ako Retainers
2:10 p.m. – Life of Hishakaku
3:50 p.m. – Yakuza Official
5:30 p.m. – The Hawk of the North
7 p.m. – The Sword of Justice
8:40 p.m. – North Sea Chivalry
10:10 p.m. – Desperate Sunflowers
FRIDAY, JUNE 22
Midnight – In Blazing Love
2:10 a.m. – Fine Man
3:40 a.m. – The International Gang of Kobe
5:20 a.m. – Dancing in Hawaii
7 a.m. – Fine Man
8:30 a.m. – Code Between Brothers: All-New
10 a.m. – Desperate Sunflowers
11:50 a.m. – Crimson Peacock, Parts 3 & 4
1:40 p.m. – Showdown at Lightning Pass
3:20 p.m. – The Tokyo Dame
4:50 p.m. – The Hawk of the North
6:20 p.m. – The Sword of Justice
8 p.m. – Tora-san's Dear Old Home
9:50 p.m. – Life of Hishakaku
11:30 p.m. – Dancing in Hawaii
SATURDAY, JUNE 23
1:10 a.m. – Restoration Fire
2:40 a.m. – Life of Hishakaku
4:20 a.m. – Yakuza Official
6 a.m. – The Sword of Justice
7:40 a.m. – Snake Princess: Oshima and Sentaro
9:10 a.m. – Yakuza Official
10:50 a.m. – Tora-san's Dear Old Home
12:40 p.m. – The Hawk of the North
2:10 p.m. – The Sword of Justice
3:50 p.m. – Code Between Brothers: All-New
5:20 p.m. – The Ako Retainers
8 p.m. – Gassoh
9:30 p.m. – Fine Man
11:00 p.m. – The Tokyo Dame
SUNDAY, JUNE 24
12:30 a.m. – In Blazing Love
2:40 a.m. – Restoration Fire
4:10 a.m. – North Sea Chivalry
5:40 a.m. – In Blazing Love
7:50 a.m. – Gassoh
9:20 a.m. – Snake Princess: Oshima and Sentaro
10:50 a.m. – The International Gang of Kobe
12:30 p.m. – The Pirates
2:20 p.m. – Sister With Sister
3:50 p.m. – The Hawk of the North
5:20 p.m. – The Sword of Justice
7 p.m. – Crimson Peacock, Parts 3 & 4
8:50 p.m. – The Pirates
10:40 p.m. – The Ako Retainers
MONDAY, JUNE 25
1:20 a.m. – Showdown at Lightning Pass
2:50 a.m. – Sister With Sister
4:20 a.m. – The Hawk of the North
5:50 a.m. – The Tokyo Dame
7:20 a.m. – In Blazing Love
9:30 a.m. – Life of Hishakaku
11:10 a.m. – Yakuza Official
12:50 p.m. – The Ako Retainers
3:30 p.m. – Showdown at Lightning Pass
5 p.m. – The Pirates
6:50 p.m. – Sister With Sister
8:20 p.m. – Mother
9:50 p.m. – The Hawk of the North
11:20 p.m. – Dancing in Hawaii
TUESDAY, JUNE 26
1 a.m. – Restoration Fire
2:30 a.m. – Snake Princess: Oshima and Sentaro
4 a.m. – The International Gang of Kobe
5:40 a.m. – The Hawk of the North
7:10 a.m. – The Sword of Justice
8:50 a.m. – Sister With Sister
10:20 a.m. – Mother
11:50 a.m. – In Blazing Love
2 p.m. – Fine Man
3:30 p.m. – Desperate Sunflowers
5:20 p.m. – Crimson Peacock, Parts 3 & 4
7:10 p.m. – Restoration Fire
8:40 p.m. – North Sea Chivalry
10:10 p.m. – Crimson Peacock, Parts 3 & 4
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 27
12 a.m. – The Pirates
1:50 a.m. – Code Between Brothers: All-New
3:20 a.m. – The Ako Retainers
6 a.m. – Showdown at Lightning Pass
7:40 a.m. – The Tokyo Dame
9:10 a.m. – North Sea Chivalry
10:40 a.m. – Desperate Sunflowers
12:30 p.m. – The Sword of Justice
2:10 p.m. – Snake Princess: Oshima and Sentaro
3:40 p.m. – Rainbow Over the Pacific
5:30 p.m. – Dancing in Hawaii
7:10 p.m. – Fine Man
8:40 p.m. – Code Between Brothers: All-New
10:10 p.m. – Yakuza Official
11:50 p.m. – Life of Hishakaku
THURSDAY, JUNE 28
1:30 a.m. – The Hawk of the North
3 a.m. – The Sword of Justice
4:40 a.m. – North Sea Chivalry
6:10 a.m. – Crimson Peacock 3 & 4
8 a.m. – The International Gang of Kobe
9:40 a.m. – Rainbow Over the Pacific
11:30 a.m. – Snake Princess: Oshima and Sentaro
1 p.m. – The International Gang of Kobe
2:40 p.m. – Dancing in Hawaii
4:20 p.m. – Restoration Fire
5:50 p.m. – Yakuza Official
7:30 p.m. – Tora-san's Dear Old Home
9:20 p.m. – The Pirates
11:10 p.m. – Sister With Sister
FRIDAY, JUNE 29
12:40 a.m. – The Ako Retainers
3:20 a.m. – Showdown at Lightning Pass
4:50 a.m. – Life of Hishakaku
6:30 a.m. – Yakuza Official
8:10 a.m. – Tora-san's Dear Old Home
10 a.m. – Life of Hishakaku
11:40 a.m. – Fine Man
7:40 p.m. – Code Between Brothers: All-New
9:10 p.m. – In Blazing Love
10:30 p.m. – Gassoh
6:20 p.m. – The Sword of Justice
8 p.m. – Snake Princess: Oshima and Sentaro
9:30 p.m. – Something Like, Something Like It
11:10 p.m. – In Blazing Love
SATURDAY, JUNE 30
1:20 a.m. – Crimson Peacock, Parts 3 & 4
3:10 a.m. – The Pirates
5 a.m. – Restoration Fire
6:30 a.m. – North Sea Chivalry
8 a.m. – Gassoh
9:30 a.m. – Fine Man
11 a.m. – The International Gang of Kobe
12:40 p.m. – Dancing in Hawaii
2:20 p.m. – Life of Hishakaku
4 p.m. – Something Like, Something Like It
5:40 p.m. – Showdown at Lightning Pass
7:20 p.m. – The Tokyo Dame
8:50 p.m. – The Sword of Justice
10:30 p.m. – Snake Princess: Oshima and Sentaro
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
EDMOND, Okla. (AP) — An Oklahoma mother and father couldn't figure out what was happening to their child's pacifiers until the baby's grandmother saw the family dog swipe one off a counter.
One nauseous pooch and a trip to their veterinarian's office confirmed the couple's hunch: Dovey had 21 pacifiers lodged in her stomach.
The couple told the veterinarian Dovey had slowed her eating and was vomiting for a few days, but other than that, they thought she seemed fine.
KFOR-TV reports that at first, the veterinarian thought there were only seven to nine pacifiers in Dovey's stomach, but the surgery proved otherwise.
Dovey is on the mend and has already gone home.
The veterinarian cautioned pet owners in a recent Facebook post that “dogs will eat anything, anytime and at any age.”
'Irresponsible drivers' who are ignoring red lights on a 'daily' basis at a busy Knaresborough junction, have been slammed by a Town Councillor.
Knaresborough Town Councillor James Monaghan (Lib) has called for a change at the four way junction where York Place, High Street, Gracious Street and Park Row meet in the town.
James Monaghan has called for action on the York Place/Gracious Street junction as he highlights a significant number of drivers are passing through while the pedestrian 'green man' is still showing. Picture: James Monaghan
Coun Monaghan, who crosses the junction daily, has highlighted a number of problems with the junction since it had its signalling changed last year.
He said: "This junction had its signalling changed last year and is probably the most well used pedestrian crossing in Knaresborough and is extremely busy with school children on their way to and from King James school.
"There are already problems here because Connexions buses pick up passengers outside the bus stop, which causes traffic to queue behind the buses and across the junction.
"However, I think as a result of lasts years signalling changes, increased traffic volume and irresponsible driving there is now a serious and regular problem of drivers ignoring red lights.
"In fact it is worse than that, it is drivers driving through the junction while the green man is flashing.
"I cross this junction several times daily on my walk to and from work and I have started walking my 4 year old daughter to St John's Primary School across this junction earlier in a morning too.
"Every single time I have crossed the road with my daughter since she started school someone has driven through the traffic light while the green man was on.
"Just yesterday I saw a man swearing at a driver as it drove through the green man while he was trying to cross the road. Last week it was two women who had to run out of the way of a car while they were crossing the road on a green man.
"A couple of weeks ago I saw a boy run out when the green man came on and his father had to grab him back as a car came through. It is a miracle no one has been run over so far."
Coun Monaghan said the problem was at its worse during peak traffic times and that it was a case of 'when' not 'if' a serious accident might happen.
Voicing his concern in an email to councillors from Knaresborough Town, Harrogate Borough and North Yorkshire County Councils, Coun Monaghan said: "If the police were present they would be able to issue no end of fines.
"Or perhaps the road needs a lollipop person to stop traffic when the green man is flashing during school hours, but most of all something needs to change with the junction to give pedestrians more priority and keep them safe.
"A quick win and good start would be to stop the Connexions buses stopping in an obstructive location."
As a result, North Yorkshire County Council engineers are now investigating the busy junction and monitoring the effectiveness of the traffic lights.
A spokesperson for North Yorkshire County Council said: "Since receiving this enquiry, County Council traffic signals engineers have been investigating the operation of this junction. We take these concerns very seriously as the safety of the junction is our highest priority.
"During improvements to the traffic signals at this junction last year, technology was added to give more time for vehicles to clear the junction before pedestrians start to cross. We will continue to monitor the technology to ensure it is working effectively and will implement any changes as and when required.
"The observations about the Connexions buses will be passed to our passenger transport team for investigation and we will forward the concerns about drivers not complying with the signals to North Yorkshire Police.
"We currently do not have a school crossing patrol site at this location, but an assessment of the location's suitability for a patrol has been requested and will be undertaken."
(Reuters) - Josh Hazlewood is ready to lead Australia's pace attack during the two-test series in Bangladesh in the absence of injured fast bowling colleagues Mitchell Starc and James Pattinson.
Left-armer Starc suffered a stress fracture in his foot on the tour of India and missed the third and fourth tests. He returned for June's Champions Trophy in England but later felt the injury had not healed properly.
Pattinson was suffering inflammation around an area of his back where he had a previous stress fracture.
"There's only going to be a couple of quicks in the team and a few spinners (but) as long as we're working together, I think we'll be okay," Hazlewood told reporters at a team camp in Darwin on Sunday.
"I see myself as a leader amongst the group now.
"The team's changed a lot since I first came in, and I've gone from a junior player to a senior player, so I try to take that extra initiative to lead from the front."
The 26-year-old will have Pat Cummins and Jackson Bird as his pace partners in Bangladesh.
Uncapped Mitchell Swepson, who was previously selected for the tour of India earlier this year but did not play, was chosen instead of a pace bowler because of the expected spin-friendly conditions in Bangladesh.
Swepson is the third frontline spinner in the side, with off-spinner Nathan Lyon and left-arm orthodox spinner Ashton Agar also making the trip.
Bangladesh famously defeated England at home last year to tie their series 1-1 and Hazlewood was expecting tough competition from their South Asian opponents.
"They're a world-class team," Hazlewood said. "They had some pretty good showings in that Champion's Trophy tournament and their test cricket at home has been pretty good.
"We can't take them lightly, that's for sure."
Australia takes on Bangladesh in the first test in Mirpur starting from Aug. 27 before the teams meet again in Chittagong from Sept. 4.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
UPDATE 1-South Africa's Vodacom names Moleketi as chairman
JOHANNESBURG, June 15 South Africa's Vodacom Group said on Thursday it has appointed non-executive director Jabu Moleketi to succeed Peter Moyo as the mobile phone network operator's next chairman.
Home is one of the great environments where the peace and calm have surrounded inhabitants mind. So, it is the excellent option that one can get the home service of the medical profession and caretaker at their home. Every aging and other ill person does not take full interest to hospitalize in the nursing home and medical center. As soon as any person faces the severe illness issue, they think the great option to get the proper care with primary aids. Leaving own building is the tough emotional decision for getting the cure to stretch the quality lifetime and excitement. Nobody can give the surety that they can get the incredible patient care facility with comfort and accurate medicine dosage.
Every country has been blessed with the various nursing care center. But, it is very hard to determine this fact that which service has been providing A-grade healthcare service. Do not stand in the pool of confusion and take the reliable Home-based care from the prestigious company. If you are feeling some difficulty in finding out the authenticated company, then you would have to carry on the profound discovery on the web ocean, the name of various companies will be outlined. However, it is not easy to select the single company name.
It is useless to say that the home-based care is effective for the look after their old family member only. The cute child can be the victim of this event as the bread earner cannot devote their maximum time for the look after of their child. Take the personal inquiry for the work of Disability care at home to those customers who have already taken this service. When you are looking for this option, the name of caring approach comes on the top list.
Their Aged care at home is performing the great service from other competitors. Instead of going somewhere else, it is advised to tune up with us. To know more information, you have to browse our web portal.
Visit @ http://www.caringapproach.com.au/services.php
BROWARD COUNTY, Fla. - Dogs are known for hating baths, but Angel, a 12-year-old Schnauzer from Broward County, may now have good reason.
Battalion Chief Michael Kane, a spokesman for Broward Sheriff Fire Rescue, said owner Maria Fuentes was giving Angel a bath in a tub Saturday morning when the dog's paw got caught in the drain. Fuentes tried to free Angel, but after several attempts, she called for help.
Members of the Broward Sheriff Technical Rescue Team arrived and were able to get Angel free in about 20 minutes, Kane said. The team used "Man and Machine," a newly purchased piece equipment to free the dog, Kane said.
The device is specifically designed to free small items from small places.
Kane said Angel was reunited with Fuentes and the pair are doing well.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
SHS student envisions ‘Whoopie Pie of the Future'
“What will the Whoopie Pie look like in 2117?” The Maine State Museum, Center Theatre, and Maine Whoopie Pie Festival asked students in grades 5 through 12 that question, and have announced the finalists in the first-ever Whoopie Pie of the Future student art contest.
Haley Nelson of Scarborough High School, was one of five finalists selected based on their submission's creativity, originality, artistic skill, and clarity of their written description. Readers may vote on Nelson's Whoopie Pie of The Future by visiting http://bit.ly/2sbahx0 and clicking on the Whoopie Pie of the Future page. Visitors can vote once per day; online voting is open until midnight July 7. The public will also be invited to vote for their favorite piece in person at the Maine Whoopie Pie Festival in Dover-Foxcroft on June 24, and at a special exhibit at the Maine State Museum starting July 11. The contest winner will be announced at a Free Family Saturday at the Maine State Museum, slated for July 29 from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m.
“We're thrilled at the pieces that made it to the final round,” said Patrick Myers, the Executive Director of the Center Theatre and Organizer of the Maine Whoopie Pie Festival, “We hope that people across the state, the country, and the world will vote for their favorite.”
Scarborough High School students among National Merit Scholars
Two Scarborough teens were among 3,200 winners of National Merit Scholarships financed by colleges and universities. Officials of each sponsor college selected their winners from among the finalists in the 2017 National Merit Scholarship Program who plan to attend their institution. These awards provide between $500 and $2,000 annually for up to four years of undergraduate study at the institution financing the scholarship.
Rachel O. Ferrante plans to study computer engineering at Rochester Institute of Technology. The New York-based university provides technology-based educational programs and was founded in 1829.
Isaac Sparks-Willey is also studying computer engineering but will attend the University of Maine Orono, founded in 1865, and composed of five colleges through which more than 175 degree programs are offered.
Project GRACE invests in school nutrition
At a recent school board meeting, Project GRACE awarded the Scarborough School Nutrition Program a $2,500 grant for milk and snacks, breakfasts and lunches, and second helpings for students whose families are struggling.
Almost 3,000 kids attend school in Scarborough; about 12 percent are in the free and reduced school meal program. Even so, some children need extra helpings to make up for not getting enough food at home. Other families aren't eligible for subsidies but need help feeding their kids.
“We're picking up the lunch tab for our neighbors who want to provide healthy meals for their kids, but can't because of setbacks like loss of work, illness, or other circumstances that make it difficult to make ends meet,” said Project GRACE's Board President Bert Follansbee. “There is an abundance of good food available, and no child should have to go hungry.”
School Nutrition's backpack program provides staples to struggling families so they can feed their kids during school breaks and long holiday weekends. School Nutrition Director Peter Esposito is working to add more fresh foods to the boxes, and Project GRACE contributes by supplying fresh fruit.
PHOTOS: Help the Beavercreek Police identify this man View as list View as gallery Open Gallery PHOTO: Beavercreek Police PHOTO: Beavercreek Police PHOTO: Beavercreek Police
BEAVERCREEK, Ohio (WDTN) – Beavercreek Police is asking the public to help them identify this man.
According the Beavercreek's tip 411 websites, the suspect exposed himself to a nine-year-old girl at a Five Below store in Beavercreek June 2.
Police say the victim was in the toy aisle and her mother was in another aisle.
The suspect asked for the victim's opinion about a toy he should get for his niece.
According to police, the victim told the man he was exposing himself and then ran and told her mother.
Police say the man left before management knew about the incident.
Police say the suspect was later seen leaving the Toys R Us store next to the Five Below store.
The Beavercreek Police Department posted the link on their Facebook Page.
The Beavercreek Police Department wants anyone with information to contact them by phone or through the tip411 website.
Kettering Town's title hopes in the Evo-Stik South League Premier suffered a blow as they slipped to a 4-3 defeat at Royston Town in a topsy-turvy encounter.
The Poppies made a flying start with Lindon Meikle's deflected shot from 20 yards finding its way into the net after Rene Howe had laid the ball off.
But the game was turned on its head in the space of three minutes as Royston levelled just past the half-hour when Adam Marriott scored from the penalty spot after Gary Mulligan had been penalised for handball from a corner.
And the hosts took the lead three minutes later when Poppies goalkeeper Paul White was left stranded as Scott Bridges' shot took a deflection and found the net.
However, Kettering did hit back before the break when Mathew Stevens tucked the ball home for his fourth goal in the last five matches.
Royston went back in front just past the hour when Bridges threaded a pass through to Josh Castiglione who produced a confident finish.
But the Poppies came back again and they were awarded a penalty when Rhys Hoenes was brought down by home goalkeeper Josh Tibbets and Brett Solkhon stepped up to score from the penalty spot.
However, the killer blow arrived with four minutes to go when Gordon Rhodell's effort ended up in the net with White unable to hold on.
There was no way back this time and, with leaders King's Lynn Town, Weymouth and Hereford all winning, the loss now sees Kettering five points off top spot.
FILE - In this March 2, 2017, file photo, Attorney General Jeff Sessions speaks during a news conference at the Justice Department in Washington, where he said he will recuse himself from a federal investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 White House election. President Donald Trump, still nursing resentment against Sessions for recusing himself from the Russia investigation, says he wishes he'd picked a different leader of the Justice Department. Susan Walsh, File AP Photo
The DameTuCoSita challenge has taken the internet by storm. The challenge requires you to imitate a cute alien who breaks into dance moves on some foot tapping music. Television actress Divyanka Tripathi's attempt at it is breaking the internet. The ‘Yeh Hai Mohabbatein' star Divyanka Tripathi shared a video of her taking up the #DameTuCoSita challenge where she is seen matching steps with the alien and we can't seem to get enough.
Diyanka Tripathi recently flew to London with her husband Vivek Dahiya to shoot some episodes of her daily soap ‘Yeh Hai Mohabbatein'. Divyanka recently posted a picture during her journey to the city and captioned it, “PS- I don't know what those four fingers mean in the second picture!?. One of those moments when #PostingQuickly is more important than #PosingCorrectly!”
The producer of the show Ekta Kapoor and actor Anita Hassanandani have already reached London, where they have been welcomed by some snowy weather. Earlier this month, TV actress Anita Hassanandani also shared a video of her shaking her leg on another quirky song Scooby Doo Papa.
Well, these Television divas surely know how to keep their fans entertained on social media.
<
p>Also Read: Not priya prakash, but this actress to star with Ranveer in simmba
The Sandiganbayan's Special Third Division has acquitted former Development Bank of the Philippines (DBP) Chairman Vitaliano Nañagas 2nd in the graft and estafa charges filed against him in connection with his trip abroad in 2004 and his reimbursement claims for expenses incurred.
In a resolution promulgated on Tuesday, the court reversed its ruling convicting Nañagas.
“After a painstaking re-examination of the records of these cases and an assiduous evaluation of the parties' arguments, the Court resolves to grant the accused's motion for reconsideration,” the court said.
It found upon review that Nañagas' request for the DBP Board's approval of his trip abroad and leave application “cannot be considered a ‘transaction or act' contemplated under Section(i) of R.A. No. 3019, the Anti-Graft and Corrupt Practices Act, ” because these “are clearly not contracts with a private person involving monetary consideration.”
Republic Act (R.A.) No. 3019 is the Anti-Graft and Corrupt Practices Act.
“In this case, the prosecution failed to prove the presence of the transaction or act requiring the approval of the DBP Board in which the accused was directly interested for personal gain. Perforce, the accused's constitutional right of presumption of innocence until the contrary is proved has not been overcome; hence, he is entitled to an acquittal for the charge of violation of Section 3(i) of R.A. No. 3019,” it added.
The court also likewise held that Nañagas “deserves an acquittal” because the prosecution “has not proven the element of deceit.” REINA TOLENTINO
Lewis Young sealed a win for Crawley Town on the road at Chesterfield with a fabulous injury-time goal.
New loan signing Harkan Ahearne-Grant made the perfect start to his Reds career by scoring on his debut with a second half equaliser after Louis Reed gave the home side an early lead.
Karlan Ahearne-Grant in action for Charlton. Picture by Ben Peters SUS-180130-163716002
The Spireites were doing all the late pressing with the game locked at 1-1, before a mistake and a quick counter-attack allowed Young to grab a stoppage-time winner for Crawley.
Crawley remains 12th in League 2 despite notching up their sixth win in seven matches, while Chesterfield slipped back into the bottom-two on the strength of the result, having climbed as high as 21st during the match - which they led from the 18th minute.
Louis Reed's goal was cancelled out by the impressive Ahearne-Grant after the interval and a draw might have been a fair result before the late drama.
Thomas Verheydt threatened early, breaking the hosts' offside trap to hare into the box, where Sid Nelson stopped the move with a perfectly timed slide tackle.
Kristian Dennis and Jak McCourt lined up a pair of efforts, both of which were blocked by Crawley defenders just outside the box.
Robbie Weir's cross to the back post brtought another shooting opportunity, this time for Josh Kay, but again there was a red shirt in the way.
Laurence Maguire was unlucky to see his well-hit shot from eight yards blocked, before an attempt finally got through and gave Town the lead.
A corner was only cleared as far as Louis Reed and he lined up a 25-yard volley that took a slight deflection to beat the despairing dive of Glenn Morris.
Crawley gave the home side a couple of scares from set-pieces, Josh Yorwerth coming close with a glancing header that crept wide.
The Spireites continued to push for a second, McCourt sending the ball high and wide from the corner of the area after good work by Josh Kay, Dennis unleashing a fierce drive that whistled past the post.
Ramsdale was called into action after a long period of inactivity late in the half, palming Ahearne-Grant's dipping 20-yarder round the post.
Hearts were in mouths when Weir sold his keeper short with a back pass and Grant threatened to nip in, Ramsdale doing enough before Sid Nelson cleared the danger.
And two minutes before the break Grant was foiled again, Ramsdale coming off his line to make a terrific stop and beat away the Crawley man's shot.
It was an action packed start to the second half, Kay picking up a booking for a lunge on Yorwerth, Jimmy Smith sidefooting wide from close range for Crawley and Kay then bringing a brilliant save from Morris with a beautiful strike.
Crawley came close again through Verheydt thanks to some slack defending, the big striker nodding wide, before a dinked ball over the top put Smith clean through and Ramsdale made another vital stop.
Dodds had a debut goal on his mind when the ball dropped to him just inside the area, but the new boy spooned his shot over.
Having lived dangerously, defensively, since the interval, Town conceded somewhat unsurprisingly before the hour mark.
Dangerman Ahearne-Grant held off Nelson and no one else could get near him as he powered into the area and drilled past the helpless Ramsdale.
Having failed to learn their lesson, the Chesterfield defence again showed Grant onto his right foot and luckily this time he was unable to hit the target.
Dennis had a sniff of goal when McCourt's header looped through to him, but with a defender closing in the striker had to shoot early and Morris saved easily.
As time ticked away Chesterfield looked the fresher side and did all of the attacking in the final minutes.
But deep in injury time a loose pass from Reed put Crawley on the attack and when the ball was laid back to Young he supplied a beautiful finish to break Town hearts and win it for the visitors.
Chesterfield: Ramsdale, Weir, Whitmore, Nelson, Maguire, Reed, McCourt, Kay (Hines 70), Dodds (O'Grady 78), Mottley-Henry (Rowley 70), Dennis. Subs: Parkin, Binnom-Williams, O'Grady, Barry, Brown.
Crawley: Morris, Young, Doherty, Connelly (Lelan 78), Yorwerth, Bulman, Smith, Ahearne-Grant (Evina 86), Boldewijn (Tajbakhsh 89), Randall, Verheydt. Subs: Mersin, Payne, McNerney, Sanoh.
Attendance: 5,159 (114 away)
March 29 Advanced Emissions Solutions Inc
* Advanced Emissions Solutions announces resolution of SEC inquiry
* Advanced Emissions -Reached a settlement with SEC to resolve previously disclosed investigation into certain accounting issues
* Company has agreed to terms of settlement and agreed to pay a civil monetary penalty of $500,000
* Advanced Emissions Solutions - SEC's order alleges certain negligence-based financial reporting and internal controls claims dating from 2011 to 2014
* Advanced Emissions Solutions - Has made significant leadership changes, including a new senior management team and new finance and accounting personnel Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
CBS Local — Scared of needles? Can't stand all the pinpricks from taking medication or diabetes tests? Startup company Portal Instruments has landed a major deal to bring their needle-free solution to market in a move that could change the way people take medicine forever.
The tech startup, which was created by MIT researchers in 2012, has reached a deal with Japanese pharmaceutical company Takeda to help develop the “PRIME” injector and bring it to the market. MIT says Portal will receive an undisclosed payment for their invention, with the potential to earn up to $100 million for reaching certain milestones in the product's production.
“It's an exciting opportunity to improve the lives of patients with Crohn's and ulcerative colitis,” CEO Patrick Anquetil said in a press release.
According to Portal, PRIME uses a “single-use, disposable vessel, which has a tiny nozzle at its tip” that fires a pressurized spray to penetrate the skin, instead of piercing the skin with traditional needles. “Our main driver is to think of patient comfort at the system-level … and fundamentally change how physicians and patients interact,” Anquetil added.
Takeda plans to test out the non-invasive device with their medication Entyvio; a treatment for patients battling Crohn's disease. Portal added that the startup plans to continue finding more pharmaceutical partners that will help turn PRIME into a “universal injection machine” for all types of medications.
A Starbucks Drive-thru and cafe is coming to Craigavon later this year, according to MLA Jonathan Buckley.
The international coffee chain could be set to take up residence at the latest retail hotspot - which has already attracted mega-stores such as Marks and Spencer.
The DUP MLA said he has it on good authority that the popular coffee house will be the latest addition to the Marlborough Retail Park in Craigavon.
Already earmarked for the former B&Q site, is a massive M&S Food Hall.
Plus a trampoline park expected to be run by the firm Air-tastic which already has parks in Bangor and Cork.
Other outlets include an O'Neills store which sells sports merchanising.
The massive development is expected to generate hundreds of the news jobs for the Craigavon, Portadown and Lurgan area.
Mr Buckley welcomed the new s saying it will be a fantastic economic boost for the whole area.
Famoudou Don Moye was in his early 20s, an expatriate jazz drummer working in Paris, when he got the invitation to join the Art Ensemble of Chicago. With it came a friendly admonition, from the group's trumpeter and most inveterate trickster, Lester Bowie.
"Lester told me: 'Don't even mess with this if you don't want to be part of history,'" Moye recalls, laughing. "This was early 1970, when I was just coming into the band. Of course I said, 'Hell, yeah!'"
By 1970, the Art Ensemble of Chicago — a willfully eclectic, wildly experimental collective originally led by saxophonist Roscoe Mitchell — was already a sensation of sorts in Paris. It had a motto, "Great Black Music," which would soon be appended with a no-less-pointed second clause, "Ancient to the Future." So Bowie could have meant his comment to register in a few different keys: History was something to be channeled and challenged, as well as made.
That conviction is worth remembering as the Art Ensemble of Chicago mobilizes this weekend for a celebration of its 50th anniversary. The group will perform a sold-out concert on Friday at Columbia University's Lenfest Center for the Arts, before headlining Saturday night at the October Revolution of Jazz & Contemporary Music, a new festival in Philadelphia. Then comes a three-night engagement, Oct. 15-17, at Café OTO in London, with other dates on the horizon.
Mitchell and Moye are now the active elders in the Art Ensemble, which lost two other load-bearing pillars in Bowie (1999) and bassist Malachi Favors (2004). Founding member Joseph Jarman, a multi-reedist and flutist, no longer performs publicly, for health reasons. But he will participate in Friday's concert at Columbia — reading his oracular, metaphysical poetry, which has always been an integral part of the group's performance ritual. That concert has been framed as a tribute to Jarman. "I think it's wonderful, and extraordinary," he says by phone.
The irreducible power of the Art Ensemble rested in its alignment of forces. "It was always a learning experience," reflects Mitchell, "because I was lucky enough to be with five individual thinkers." The group had a striking visual iconography as well as a sonic aesthetic. Bowie took the stage in a lab coat. Favors and Moye wore African vestments and tribal face paint. Jarman evoked the East in his attire, while Mitchell typically dressed like an American businessman.
Each member of the band was a highly proficient instrumentalist with a distinct personal voice, and the pan-stylistic slant of the repertory — which could veer from boppish swing to earthy funk to absurdist or dead-serious abstraction — provided ample opportunity for displays of prowess. But the Art Ensemble also specialized in the expressive use of so-called "little instruments," like bicycle horns and bell trees, as if to undercut the currency of virtuosity.
This multidimensional and collectivist approach was congruent with the ideals of the Association For the Advancement of Creative Musicians, out of which the Art Ensemble first emerged. Jarman and Mitchell were part of the brain trust that established the AACM, in 1965; Jarman performed on the organization's first official concert.
Because the Art Ensemble of Chicago was the first AACM band to receive international acclaim, the group was sometimes conflated, in those early years, with the AACM itself — a source of some grumbling at the time, as George Lewis documents in his essential book, A Power Stronger Than Itself: The AACM and American Experimental Music.
"The group's unusual hybrid of energy, multi-instrumentalism, humor, silence, found sounds and homemade instruments — and most crucially, extended collective improvisation instead of heroic individual solos — proved revelatory to European audiences," Lewis writes. Other artists under an AACM umbrella, like saxophonists Henry Threadgill and Anthony Braxton, were creating and thinking along these lines too, and continue to do so.
Then as now, the Art Ensemble was both a prominent AACM flagship and its own rogue vessel, disinclined to heed anyone else's navigation. Moye, who was once involved in AACM governance in Chicago, now lives in Marseilles, France, and downplays his involvement. On Friday, while the Art Ensemble performs at Columbia, the AACM's New York chapter will be presenting saxophonist Chico Freeman at the Community Church of New York — the first concert of its fall season. Obviously, these events could have been better coordinated.
Mitchell maintains more contact with the AACM chapters in both Chicago and New York, and savors his place in the organization's pantheon. He has recently been a fountain of output — composing orchestral and chamber works; performing improvised sets with Lewis and AACM founder Muhal Richard Abrams; teaching at Mills College in Oakland; and making major statements like his stunning recent double album on ECM, Bells For the South Side.
For all of its focus on cohesion, the Art Ensemble always encouraged outside forays by its members. "The intensity of the collective experience required that everyone have an independent vehicle, and be able to develop their own projects with the same dedication," says Moye. "That avoids conflicts. And it keeps everybody fresh."
The reinvigorated Art Ensemble lineup bears some vestiges of that process: along with Mitchell and Moye, it includes trumpeter Hugh Ragin, cellist Tomeka Reid and two bassists, Jaribu Shahid and Junius Paul. These are all, as Mitchell points out, "part of the AACM family." They're also musicians with whom he has worked in other contexts, including his own bands.
"It's inspiring that they feel they still have so much to learn and practice and write," says Reid of the AACM elders she has worked with, Mitchell prominent among them. "And this deep hunger to just get what they have out there. I feel like that's a lesson: Don't wait. Just do it now."
The open question — and it may not be answered by the upcoming performances, or even answerable at all — is how the Art Ensemble can fulfill its original mandate in the face of so much change. The group has faced this predicament before: Non-Cognitive Aspects of the City - Live at Iridium, an album recorded in 2004 and released two years later (on Pi Recordings), was a prominent dispatch from the post-Favors era.
"There's never going to be another Lester Bowie or Malachi Favors," says Mitchell. "I understand that. But we always said, 'Hey man, if it gets down to one member, that's the Art Ensemble.' You know?" (His statement checks out. "We'll be together as long as one of us is still alive to carry on the word" — that was Bowie, speaking with Ted Panken on WCKR in 1995.)
So the only certainty, as the Art Ensemble embarks on its current journey, is that the musicians in the group will be striving toward a high standard of shared intuition, as improvisers and as members of a larger whole. History is on their side — as Jarman points out, in his own way.
"I would not put anything against the idea of Art Ensemble of Chicago," he says. "That band was, and still is, a powerful organization among itself."
The Department of Health (DoH) called on parents to have their children vaccinated against measles amid a spike of cases that prompted the government to launch a supplemental immunization drive nationwide.
The department said 5,450 measles cases were reported from January 1 to April 14. Fifteen children died, 13 of them unvaccinated.
The Health Department officially launched at the Parañaque City Hall the Measles Supplemental Immunization program that targets infants and children aged 6-59 months old regardless of immunization status.
“As we launch the Ligtas Tigdas campaign here in the Metro Manila, we hope to reach all parents/caregivers and guardians emphasizing the life-saving benefits of measles vaccination,” Health Secretary Francisco Duque 3rd said.
Duque reminded parents and caregivers to have their children vaccinated from April 25 to May 24 for Metro Manila and from May 9 to June 8 for Mindanao.
The Health department will provide the measles vaccines for free.
“I would like to reiterate to the public, especially to the parents/guardians, that the measles vaccine is safe and we have been doing this since the 1970s,” Duque said.
“Measles vaccination has saved millions of lives. Let us all protect the health of all Filipino children through vaccination against measles,” he added.
In March, the Health department declared a measles outbreak in Negros Oriental after 19 cases of measles were reported in the towns of Bacung, Mabinay, San Jose, Santa Catalina, Siaton and Valencia and Dumaguete City.
A village in Taguig City also declared an outbreak in March after seven cases were reported.
In February, the DoH reported a measles outbreak in Zamboanga City, prompting the agency and the local government to launch a massive immunization program in villages.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
DOHA: The United States agreed a major warplane sale to Qatar and began maneuvers with the emirate's navy Thursday, underscoring its commitment to their military alliance despite Doha's rift with other Gulf allies.
Washington has sent conflicting signals to its longtime ally about its position on the diplomatic crisis which has seen Saudi Arabia and its allies impose sweeping sanctions on the emirate.
Last week, US President Donald Trump expressed support for the Saudi-led allegations against Qatar, charging that it had “historically been a funder of terrorism at a very high level.”
But Pentagon and State Department officials have since scrambled to reassure the emirate, which houses the largest US airbase in the Middle East and the command headquarters for US military operations in Iraq, Syria and Afghanistan.
US Defense Secretary Jim Mattis welcomed his Qatari counterpart Khalid al-Attiyah to Washington on Wednesday for the signing of the agreement for the sale of F-15 fighters.
“The $12-billion sale will give Qatar a state-of-the-art capability and increase security cooperation and interoperability between the United States and Qatar,” the Pentagon said.
It did not provide additional details on the sale but Bloomberg reported it could involve as many as 36 warplanes.
The Pentagon meanwhile deployed two warships to carry out joint maneuvers with the Qatari navy in the Gulf.
The vessels docked in Hamad Port, south of the capital Doha, on Wednesday, the Qatari defense ministry said.
Concerns for war on IS
Mattis and Attiyah also discussed the US-led military campaign against the Islamic State jihadist group and “the importance of de-escalating tensions so all partners in the Gulf region can focus on next steps in meeting common goals”.
Washington has voiced growing concern about the impact of the diplomatic crisis on its military operations against IS, just as they come to a climax in the jihadists' Iraq and Syria bastions, Mosul and Raqa.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said last week that the rift was “hindering” the campaign and urged Saudi Arabia and its allies to ease their “blockade”.
At a Washington news conference with Tillerson on Wednesday, Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir denied the sanctions amounted to a blockade, insisting that it was the kingdom's sovereign right to close its airspace to Qatari aircraft and seal the emirate's sole land border.
Saudi Arabia and its allies—led by the United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Bahrain—have said there can be no mending of ties until Qatar ends its support for groups like the Muslim Brotherhood, which the four governments blacklist as a “terrorist” group.
But Qatar and its allies—led by Turkey—say the emirate has every right to conduct an independent foreign policy and have branded the sanctions imposed as “inhumane and un-Islamic.”
Turkey courts ‘wise' Saudi
Turkey has launched a diplomatic push to try to resolve the crisis on behalf of its ally, throwing its support behind a UN-backed mediation effort by Kuwait, one of the Gulf states which did not join the Saudi-led sanctions.
Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was in Kuwait on Thursday after talks in Qatar on Wednesday. He is due to fly on to Saudi Arabia on Friday.
Turkey has been caught in a delicate balancing act. While standing squarely behind its ally, it has been anxious not to antagonize key regional power Saudi Arabia.
“Saudi Arabia has the potential and capability to solve this crisis as a wise state and big brother of the region and also as a major actor,” Turkey's presidential spokesman Ibrahim Kalin said on Wednesday.
The United Nations has expressed mounting concern about the humanitarian impact of the crisis.
As well as severing economic and political ties, the four governments ordered Qataris out within 14 days and called home their own citizens.
Bahrain and the UAE have also banned expressions of sympathy for Qatar.
Bahrain announced on Wednesday that it had detained a citizen for sympathizing with Qatar on social media.
“I am alarmed about the possible impact on many people's human rights,” UN human rights chief Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein said on Wednesday.
“It is becoming clear that the measures being adopted are overly broad in scope and implementation,” he added. AFP
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
- Above is the 2018 WWE Hall of Fame video package for Mark Henry.
- WWE Hall of Famer Sting turns 59 years old today while former WWE talent KC James turns 36, former TNA star Homicide turns 39 and former WCW star Scott "Sick Boy" Vick turns 43.
- As noted, Nia Jax vs. RAW Women's Champion Alexa Bliss is now official for WrestleMania 34. The former best friends tweeted the following after the match was announced:
I made you something and I'm gonna take it all away from you. You think you can take the #Raw Women's Championship from me? Ha! Rude. #GoddessAboveAll — Alexa Bliss (@AlexaBliss_WWE) March 20, 2018
Was in continuous touch with officials. No rules have changed, 20% seats are reserved for apprentices but they are demanding more. Lathi-charge was done after agitators started pelting stones, no one was injured: Maharashtra CM in State Assembly on railway job aspirants' agitation
Trains Rescheduled on March 20, 2018:
10103 CSMT-Madgaon Mandvi Exp (sch 0710 hrs) at 1000 hrs; 11301 CSMT-KSR Bengaluru Udyan Exp (sch 0810 hrs) at 1015 hrs; 12534 CSMT-Lucknow Pushpak Exp (sch 0825 hrs) at 1030 hrs; 11029 CSMT-Kolhapur Koyna Exp (sch 0840 hrs) at 1045 hrs
#Mumbai: #RailRoko protest by Apprentices ends, railway traffic on Central Line restored.
— ABP News (@abpnewstv) March 20, 2018
Raj Thackeray's MNS extends its support to agitating students
Central Railway Statement: "There is no provision of giving jobs to the apprentices as per the Apprentice Act. They are given only training of a specified period to improve their skills and experience of having worked in the field. However, Ministry of Railways have taken a decision and reserved 20% of the seats filled through direct recruitment. The notification is already issued with last date of submitting application as 31.3.2018. Apprentices can apply against this notification and Special Examination will shortly be held for Apprentices who have done training in Railway Workshops under Apprentices Act."
Railways apprentice students are carrying out Rail Roko agitation since morning at Matunga railway track but no Central Railway officer has turned up there to talk to them yet. One can understand inconvenience of local commuters but students' demands are also needed to be fulfilled: Sanjay Nirupam, Congress
According to reports, BEST has decided to ply more buses from Matunga and other stations on the Central line to reduce the inconvenience caused to the commuters due to 'rail roko' protest.
Local trains on the way to CSMT via Thane and Kalyan stations are terminating at Kurla and returning in 'down' direction.
The police also resorted to mild lathi charge on the students to disperse them.
Around 400-500 students blocked the rail track at 7 am in the morning, forcing railway to stop the suburban as well as express train in the affected section between Matunga and CSMT.
It has been 1.5 hours, trains are not running and we are stuck at Dadar station, a commuter said urging the Central Railway to look into the matter.
"We will not budge from here until and unless Railway Minister Piyush Goyal come and meet us. Our several prayers made to DRM (Divisional Railway Manager of Mumbai Division) have failed," another student said.
"There has been no recruitment since last four years. We are struggling from pillars to post. Over 10 students have committed suicide. We cannot let such things happen," PTI quoted a student who was part of the protest as saying.
Entire four lines are affected between Matunga and CSMT. Police and railway official are having talks with them, a Central railway officer told PTI.
#UPDATE #Mumbai: Railway traffic affected as 'rail-roko' agitation by railway job aspirants, continues, between Matunga & Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station. pic.twitter.com/BgqdfOXR1G
— ANI (@ANI) March 20, 2018
Due to some agitation between Matunga and Dadar, rail traffic affected between Matunga and CSMT...
— Central Railway (@Central_Railway) March 20, 2018
Up slow locals are terminating at Kurla and returning as Special in Dn direction@RidlrMUM @m_indicator @mumbairailusers
— Central Railway (@Central_Railway) March 20, 2018
MUMBAI: Train service on Central line resumed on Monday after a 3.5 hours blockade caused by 'rail roko' protest by scores of students demanding jobs in the railways. The rail traffic remained disrupted between suburban Matunga and Dadar stations for over three hours, causing difficulties to lakhs of commuters during office hours."Mumbai police along with GRP and RPF jawans are having talks with the students and railway's first priority was to clear the track first," Chief PRO of Central Railway Sunil Udasi said.
Herpes can be spread by “sharing objects that have contact with saliva,” including lipstick. But that does not commonly happen because the virus only survives for a couple hours at best. Isabella Bartolucci MCT file
Tottenham have opened talks with Ajax over the transfer of Davinson Sánchez, with Mauricio Pochettino increasingly confident of signing him after the Colombia defender informed the Dutch side that he wants to move to White Hart Lane.
Having sold Kyle Walker to Manchester City for a fee that could reach €55m, Pochettino has been searching for reinforcements to his squad and identified the 21-year-old as the perfect player to complement Toby Alderweireld and Jan Vertonghen in his back three.
Over the weekend Tottenham held preliminary talks with Ajax, who signed Sánchez from the Colombian side Atlético Nacional for €5m last summer, although the Dutch club have so far insisted he is not for sale.
However, with Sánchez understood to have been impressed with Pochettino's plans for him after a breakthrough season at Ajax in which he helped them reach the Europa League final, a source close to the player has admitted he has his heart set on moving to north London despite late interest from Chelsea.
Tottenham officials are believed to have travelled to Amsterdam on Monday to continue negotiations, with Ajax holding out for a fee close to €40m given that Sánchez still has four years of his contract to run. Spurs are expected to offer an initial €30m with significant add-ons as they attempt step up their recruitment drive after a summer that has yet to see any new arrivals.
There is also serious interest in the Celta Vigo midfielder Pape Cheikh, who is available for around €10m and is wanted by Pochettino to add competition in central midfield. Born in Senegal, the 20-year-old has represented Spain at several youth levels and was part of the side which won the European Under-19 Championships in 2015.
Any potential move for Ross Barkley could depend on the completion of that deal, with Tottenham so far not prepared to pay Everton's asking price of €33m. The England midfielder is in the final year of his contract at Goodison Park having refused to sign a new deal worth €110,000 a week.
Guardian Service
Ireland Davis Cup captain Conor Niland has been able to name his strongest team for the first match of the Davis Cup season.
Irish number one James McGee, who made it to the final round of qualifying at this year's Australian Open, will lead the team with Sam Barry as number two.
They will be joined by Peter Bothwell and doubles specialist David O'Hare for the round robin event which takes place at the Holiday Village Santa Marina in Sozopol, Bulgaria from April 5th-8th.
Niland has not always had the luxury of picking his top players because of their commitment to the professional circuit but hopes to gain promotion this year back up into the Europe/African Zone Group Two
“'I am very pleased to announce a full-strength team,” said Niland. “We look forward with optimism to the matches and we will do our best to earn promotion to Group II.”
It is the first international tournament under the watch of new Tennis Ireland Chief Executive Richard Fahey, who formerly took over from Des Allen last month.
“Our professional players have had a great start to the year with James (McGee) reaching the final round of qualifying at the Australian Open and David (O'Hare) winning a $125,000 Challenger event in Dallas at the beginning of this month,” said Fahy.
“Sam (Barry) and Peter (Bothwell) are also playing some great tennis on the circuit. We are delighted that James McGee is playing and as this is our strongest possible team we want everyone in Irish tennis to get behind them whilst we focus on promotion to Group II for 2018.”
The format is round robin with four pools of four teams and the winners of each pool playing-off against each other to determine which two nations are promoted to Europe/Africa Zone Group II in 2018.
ADVERTISEMENT
The other teams in the group are Albania, Andorra, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bulgaria, Greece, Iceland, Kosovo, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Macdeonia, Malta, Moldova, Montenegro and San Marino.
Current Irish ranking positions: J McGee (219); S Barry (285); P Bothwell (807); D O'Hare (131 -Doubles)
By Jennifer Hassan
Less than a month after the terrorist bombing that rocked Manchester and just 11 days since the terrorist attack on London Bridge and Borough Market, Britons were faced with yet another tragedy.
Grenfell Tower, a 24-storey residential building in West London, caught fire, claiming the lives of several residents and raising questions about appropriate fire safety prevention measures. Eyewitnesses described hearing the desperate screams of those trapped inside. A mother was forced to throw her baby from the burning building in hope that it would be caught by someone on the ground below - before her infant hit the ground.
As the fire blazed through the night, claiming lives and engulfing the surrounding streets in smoke, Londoners rallied together to assist those in need.
Advertisement
A local church opened its doors, quickly becoming the go-to destination for donations and prayers. Local mosques began fundraising, offering shelter and supplies.
When morning came and the high-rise building continued to burn, Londoners took to Twitter and the streets of Kensington to offer their support.
Arriving at a local church, some brought with them water and clothes, others came clutching fresh fruit and clean towels.
They booked hotels for the newly homeless residents of Grenfell and used social media sites to offer car rides and cups of tea. They came of all ages, races and religions with one goal: to help.
In a video, one woman was seen praising the young Muslim boys who woke up residents and sought help as they returned from Ramadan prayers at their local mosque. "They were the first people with bags of water, running and telling people," she said.
A donation page seeking to raise money for the families of Grenfell Tower was created and shared on social networking sites.
"In this tight-night [sic] community, many families have lost everything they own, whilst others have lost their lives" the page read.
"The money raised will be for those residents of Grenfell Tower affected and will hopefully, even in some small way, help them with whatever they may need in the aftermath."
Less than 12 hours later, more than £100,000 had already been raised.
Dodgy crowdfunding pages often go viral after tragedies. We've verified these Grenfell Tower fundraisers as real.
https://t.co/5VCrIF72Ob — Jim Waterson (@jimwaterson) June 14, 2017
The councillor who was axed from her district council seat for non-attendance has resigned her cabinet role on Northamptonshire County Council saying she feels "let down by the system".
Lizzy Bowen was "automatically disqualified" from her Whittlebury seat on South Northamptonshire Council last month because, as per the 1972 Local Government Act, she did not attend a formal council or committee meeting during a six-month period.
The last meeting Councillor Bowen attended, as per SNC's website, was a full council meeting on October 18, 2017. She sent apologies for a full council meeting on February 28 this year.
In a scathing response, the outgoing cabinet member has claimed she was let down on an agreement made with the leader of SNC and the county councillor for her district, who was to cover her Whittlebury duties
Councillor Bowen also says she was not told about being close to timing out and not advised that she could have asked for an extension to the exclusion rule that would have gone to a council vote.
Today she announced she has staood down from her adult social care cabinet role on the county council in which she oversaw the largest budget at the authority.
"There is only so much stress I will put up with and it is therefore with great sadness that I will return to the back benches at NCC," said Councillor Bowen (Con, Nene Valley).
"I have delayed taking this action until now because working with Anna Earnshaw and her team has been the most rewarding job of my varied career and I desperately didn't want to let them down.
"The department do the most amazing job in very difficult circumstances. I will really miss working in cabinet with them."
She added: "I am available seven days a week, not just informally measured meetings, but on the phone, responding to letters and emails, reviewing documents, plans and budget papers."
Councillor Bowen's disqualification triggered a by-election in her SNC ward, which was won Liberal Democrat Abigail Medina by a 130 vote margin.
Newly-elected Councillor Medina received 366 votes beating Conservative candidate Martin Barter's 236 votes and Labour's Adrian Scandrett's 44.
"At NCC I have responsibility for adult social care which in the current environment needs all my energy and reserves as we try to ensure we can meet the growing needs of our ageing and vulnerable population in challenging financial circumstances," said Councillor Bowen.
"This is as important for South Northants as anywhere else in the county, as they have a high level of elderly residents there.
"So I was truly shocked and saddened to receive notification and only after residents knew.
"I am very disappointed having put so much effort into my ward that I could not continue to see it through. I feel let down by the system."
She added: "For me this questions my faith in 'doing the right thing' and by putting the needs of the vulnerable in the community above my own.
"It is situations like these that put people off politics and only serves to damage the reputation of the Conservative party."
Leader of the county council Councillor Matt Golby said: “I have today accepted the resignation of Cllr Bowen from her position as cabinet member for adult social care.
“I would like to thank her for everything she has done in this role. Following this resignation I will be looking at what changes are required within cabinet and will announce further changes to our team in due course.”
AUGUSTA,Ga (WJBF) Changes could be coming in the deal to build upscale apartments near Augusta University.
The 220 unit Foundry Place project is proposed for the intersection of Wrightsboro Road and R.A Dent Boulevard.
The deal calls for the city to issue 26 million dollars in bonds to pay for construction, that's 80 percent of the project..
That has some commissioners criticizing the project, but Augusta Housing officials say developers are willing to negotiate.
“Has an interest in the Laney Walker revitalization project believes in the project has been the catalyst to catapult economic development we'll have this conversation at the right time, says Augusta Housing and Development Director Hawthorne Welcher.
Could it be a fifty fifty is there a number out there?”
“Don't want to throw a number out once again we'll have those conversations,” says Welcher.
The city has already bought the seven acre site paying one point two million dollars.
Four dapper gentlemen walked on to the “America's Got Talent” stage during last night's premiere. When the group was asked its name, one bow-tie-clad man replied, “La Fontane Umane.”
With such a fancy name, the natural follow-up was: “Where are you from?”
The answer was Denver, Colorado.
After the crowd was done laughing at the unexpected answer for such an Italian name, they took a moment to share what they do for a living, and the traditional answers followed: real estate, advertising, investment banking.
The fourth man added, “I have a podcast with my mom.”
OK, then.
The group announced it would be performing “My Heart Will Go On.” It was go time.
The strings began, and you could almost picture Jack and Rose. But rather than singing, the men began … spitting water.
Their talent: Being a human fountain. Picture the Bellagio's fountains — but like, from human mouths.
In the middle of a very fancy choreographed turn, Simon Cowell had enough. From there it gets interesting. See how the group fared in the video above.
A British cybersecurity expert who derailed a global ransomware attack has pleaded not guilty to creating and selling a malware that harvests banking details as he appeared in a US court.
Marcus Hutchins (23) denied six counts relating to the Kronos malware as he faced a judge in Milwaukee on Monday.
The researcher, from Ilfracombe, Devon, was arrested on August 2nd in Las Vegas's McCarran airport as he prepared to leave a hacking convention, according to a friend.
After the hearing, defence lawyer Marcia Hofmann said she was confident he will be found not guilty at a trial.
She said: “Marcus Hutchins is a brilliant young man and a hero.
“He is going to vigorously defend himself against these charges and when the evidence comes to light, we are confident that he will be fully vindicated.”
Mr Hutchins, also known as MalwareTech, is accused of creating and distributing the banking trojan between July 2014 and July 2015 alongside another defendant, who has not been named and is at large.
In May this year, Mr Hutchins was hailed a hero for curbing the WannaCry ransomware attack that infected more than 300,000 computers in 150 countries and crippled the NHS.
Prosecutor Dan Cowhig told an earlier court hearing that Hutchins admitted to interviewers that he created the code and hinted that he sold it.
Mr Hutchins, who works for Los Angeles-based computer security firm Kryptos Logic, was freed on a $30,000 US dollar bail.
PA
While many of us focus on the basics of letter and number recognition or reading skills, kindergarten readiness covers more than a few isolated skills. We need to look at the child as a whole, with all the skills and strengths each child has developed that makes him/her unique.
For example, one child may love books and have exceptional reading abilities, but he/she struggles with shyness that prevents him/her from engaging with other children. Another child might be very strong socially but still has difficulty holding and using a pencil correctly. Still, another child can do both all these things, but he/she can be very immature and fidgety and gets distracted in group settings. Despite these differences, all of these children are ready for school.
Having a background in pre-academic skills can certainly make the transition to kindergarten much easier. This is why I have put together a simplified list of kindergarten skills for each major subject (the 3-R's or the “Reading, “Riting, “Rithmetic). If you think your child is ready to learn more than what is enumerated below, by all means, you can certainly teach your child beyond what is listed here.
Math skills taught in kindergarten:
• To count to 100
• Count by twos, fives and tens
• Add and subtract within five
• Understand how to add or subtract to get to ten
• Describe objects using measurement—the length and weight of objects
• Learn to compare two objects—such as bigger/smaller, greater than/ less than/ sort and categorize objects
• Identify shapes that are two- and three-dimensional—triangles, square, rectangle, circle, pyramid, cube
Math skills children should learn in preschool:
• Verbally count to 20
• Get familiar with counting objects up to ten. For example, counting up to ten toys.
• Once your child has mastered counting to 20 verbally, demonstrate skip counting by twos. You can line up ten pairs of shoes to demonstrate this. Count the shoes by one, then skip count by two with each pair. Once again, your child does not need to master this idea, you are just introducing the concept.
• Bigger numbers can be reached by smaller numbers (For example, when you have five toys, count them up to five). Then separate the toys into two and three toys, count the two and three, put them together and count to five.
• Use position words in context when talking: up/down, in front of/ behind, on top/ below, next to and beside
Reading skills taught in kindergarten:
• The full upper and lower case letters of the alphabet and the sounds each letter makes.
• How words are read: from left to right, and top to bottom of a page. That words are separated by a space, and that spoken words and represented by written letters and language.
• How to read single syllable words.
• Know the long and short vowel sounds.
• Show understanding of a story by identifying the main characters, setting and events in a story.
• Understand how the illustrations support the text in a story.
• Recognize common types of text, such as storybooks and poems.
Reading skills children should learn in preschool:
• Recite the alphabet without singing
• Recognize each upper- and lower-case letter of the alphabet, out of sequence, at least 80-percent
• Write all letters of the alphabet in uppercase letters
• Say the sounds of B, D, F, hard G, J, K, M, N, P, R, S, T and Z when shown the written letters
• Tell the beginning sound and letter (from the list above) of spoken words when asked
• Write his/her first and last names in uppercase letters
• Must be able to explain that the letters and words on the page represent the words being read out loud, and that you read the words in the order on the page, and from left to right.
• Recite all seven days of the week
• Recite all twelve months of the year
Writing skills taught in kindergarten:
• Write all upper and lower case letters of the alphabet
• Spell simple one syllable words
• Draw a square, a circle, and a triangle
• Draw a recognizable person with head, torso, two hands, two legs and feet
• Draw a human face with eyes, nose, mouth, ears and hair
• Write the numeral that corresponds with his/her age
• Write his/her first and last names in uppercase letters
• Spell simple one syllable words
Writing skills children should learn in preschool:
• There is usually an overlap between reading and writing skills in the preschool level, where reading activities directly support pre-kinder writing skills.
• Color and draw pictures. Being familiar with writing tools and knowing how to do even simple drawings will prepare them for using drawings to tell a story.
• They should be encouraged to write their name
• Encourage lots of cutting activities to develop finger dexterity and eye-hand coordination needed for reading.
Remember, this list should merely be used as a guide. There are no single hard lines for kindergarten readiness. Some children would just be turning five, while others would almost be six; some children may recognize just a few letters of the alphabet while others will already be reading short words. However, good and qualified kindergarten teachers know that children vary when they start kindergarten and will plan their classes to accommodate this widely varying group of children.
Bottom line is, what matters most is not what your child already knows when they begin kindergarten, but that your child is ready to learn.
Source: families.naeyc.org/ready-or-not-kindergarten-here-we-come
Researchers were looking for hidden manuscripts between the bindings of old books when they discovered the potentially life-threatening poison covered books.
Working at a library is not usually a deadly job but for a pair of researchers, analyzing old books potentially became life-threatening after they came across poisonous books.
Researchers Jakob Povl Holck and Kaare Lund Rasmussen from the University of Southern Denmark recently stumbled upon three books covered in deadly arsenic, dating back to the 16th and 17th centuries.
Holck and Rasmussen were looking for hidden manuscripts between the bindings of old books when they discovered the potentially life-threatening poison covered books.
In a well-documented book recycling process, European book-binders would usually place medieval manuscript fragments between the bindings of the books to make them stronger. For library archivists, these manuscripts are like hidden treasures where they try to read what is hidden within the covers of historically old books.
Library archivist informed Holck and Rasmussen of the presence of such a manuscript within the bindings of the three books but a thick layer of green paint made it near impossible for the researchers to read the Latin text.
In order to separate the chemical elements of the ink used to write the manuscript from the paint on top, the two used a scanning technique known as X-ray fluorescence analysis, or micro-XRF. This particular technique is usually used to examine the chemical elements of ancient pottery and old paintings.
However, the results were not what they expected. To Holck and Rasmussen's shock, the green paint was, in fact, arsenic.
Arsenic is a highly toxic and potentially life-threatening substance. Contact with arsenic can lead to poisoning, cancer and even death.
The covers of the books were painted in “Paris green,” an emerald green color which used arsenic pigment top reach its desired intensity.
“The arsenic pigment—a crystalline powder—is easy to manufacture and has been commonly used for multiple purposes, especially in the 19th century. The size of the powder grains influence on the color toning, as seen in oil paints and lacquers. Larger grains produce a distinct darker green—smaller grains a lighter green. The pigment is especially known for its color intensity and resistance to fading,” the researchers explain in their “Conversation” article.
“Industrial production of Paris green was initiated in Europe in the early 19th century. Impressionist and post-impressionist painters used different versions of the pigment to create their vivid masterpieces. This means that many museum pieces today contain the poison. In its heyday, all types of materials, even book covers and clothes could be coated in Paris green for aesthetic reasons. Of course, continuous skin contact with the substance would lead to symptoms of exposure,” they wrote of arsenic's use in paint manufacturing in the 19th century.
“But by the second half of the 19th century, the toxic effects of the substance were more commonly known, and the arsenic variant stopped being used as a pigment and was more frequently used as a pesticide on farmlands. Other pigments were found to replace Paris green in paintings and the textile industry etc. In the mid 20th century, the use on farmlands was phased out as well,” the researchers added.
However, according to Holck and Rasmussen, the paint used here was not for decorative purposes but to keep vermin and insects away, thanks to arsenic.
Although now, the books have been stored in separate card board boxes with a warning sign plastered on them. The books would soon be digitized to decrease the need for handling.
So the next time you go to a library, better think twice before you lick your fingers to flip a book page.
Read More Colombian Man Creates Library Of Trashed Books
Thumbnail/ Banner Credits: U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement/Handout via REUTERS
By Nwafor Sunday
“Obiano has remained focused in his duty, since he assumed office”. These are the words of the National Coordinator APGA Media Warriors Forum, Evang Chinedu Obigwe, while reacting to PDP and APC's statements against Governor Willie Obiano's administration.
In a chat with vanguard on Wednesday, Obigwe faulted the alleged statements purportedly made against the Governor and APGA.
“When you see, what Obiano has done in Anambra, then you will confirm that APC and PDP's criticisms are gibberish”, he said.
Obigwe who charged Anambra people to ignore all critics also urged them to support the current administration led by Willie Obiano in order to actualize his divine mission in the state.
He equally said that he was not surprised on the recent aspersions on APGA and Governor Obiano by the opposition parties since 2019 general election is in few months' time.
Obigwe expressed his readiness to put the records straight and enlighten the masses on reports of the current administration in order to distance them from what he called ‘fabricated lies' of the opposition parties.
His words, “Opposition members have nothing to offer except to impoverish you. We are in safe hands with Obiano and APGA.
“Anambra people will reap the gains of Governor Obiano's trip to Austria because the Governor is a man whose commitment to the attraction of goodies to the State is not in doubt.
“I believe that APGA will come out victoriously in Anambra State and Southeast at the forthcoming general election, because PDP and APC have disappointed us in this country.
“I urge Ndi Igbo to use their vote to demonstrate ‘nkea bu nke anyi' political slogan by voting massively for APGA in the forthcoming general election”.
(Adds comment, detail; updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, March 29 London copper climbed to its highest in more than a week on Wednesday, buoyed by brighter data from the United States and expectations of seasonally improving second-quarter demand. U.S. consumer confidence surged to a more than 16-year high in March amid growing labour market optimism while the goods trade deficit narrowed sharply in February, indicating the economy was regaining momentum after faltering at the start of the year. "Base metals rebounded strongly as investor sentiment picked up after the strong consumer confidence number in the U.S. saw Trump worries fade," ANZ said in a report. "Sentiment was also boosted by secondary economic data in China that showed March activity was strong. The China Satellite Manufacturing Index rose to 51.8, its strongest level in five years, while a measure of sales manager activity also rose strongly." * LME COPPER: Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange had climbed 0.8 percent to $5,918.50 a tonne by 0750 GMT, adding to 2-percent gains from the previous session. Prices earlier struck their highest since March 20 at $5,927.50 a tonne. * SHFE: Shanghai Futures Exchange copper was up 2.6 percent at 47,530 yuan ($6,897) a tonne. ShFE zinc rallied 3.5 pct. * CHINA MANUFACTURING: Activity in China's vast manufacturing sector likely grew for an eighth straight month in March as a surprise rebound in the property market added to a construction boom, boosting sales of building materials from steel to cement, a Reuters poll showed. * CHINA SMELTERS: China's top copper smelters have agreed to an 11 percent cut in second-quarter treatment and refining fees, after disruptions at the world's two biggest copper mines curbed the global supply of raw material. * TRADE DISPUTE: The United States has launched a probe to determine whether imports of Chinese aluminium foil should be subject to anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties, the Commerce Department said on Tuesday, just weeks after the U.S. foil industry accused the world's top producer of dumping. * LME NEWS: Regulatory delays to a proposal to slash initial clearing margins by the LME have dealt another blow to the exchange's ability to fend off competition from U.S. rival CME Group, whose margins are sharply lower. * NICKEL SPREADS: Cash LME nickel fell to a $67 discount against the three month nickel contract, the steepest discount since Jan 2015, reflecting a market in ample supply. CMNI0-3 COMING UP: U.S. Pending homes sales Feb at 1400 GMT BASE METALS PRICES 0745 GMT Three month LME copper 5918.5 Most active ShFE copper 47530 Three month LME aluminium 1947 Most active ShFE aluminium 13835 Three month LME zinc 2855 Most active ShFE zinc 23380 Three month LME lead 2336.5 Most active ShFE lead 17525 Three month LME nickel 10010 Most active ShFE nickel 82550 Three month LME tin 20135 Most active ShFE tin 143660 BASE METALS ARBITRAGE LME/SHFE COPPER LMESHFCUc3 6.64 LME/SHFE ALUMINIUM LMESHFALc3 -1790.3 1 LME/SHFE ZINC LMESHFZNc3 96.58 LME/SHFE LEAD LMESHFPBc3 -1775.2 4 LME/SHFE NICKEL LMESHFNIc3 1792 ($1 = 6.8915 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Melanie Burton; Editing by Richard Pullin and Joseph Radford)
Augusta Laser and Skin Center is an advertiser of The Dish.
Augusta Laser & Skin Center tells us about their technique to help minimize the signs of aging in this segment of The Dish.
More about Augusta Laser and Skin Center:
(706) 738-8816
http://augustalasercenter.com
Augusta Laser & Skin Center is the premier laser and skin treatment center in Augusta, GA and is located in the front of University Hospital. It is run under the direction of plastic surgeons from Augusta Plastic Surgery and physicians from Augusta GYN.
Our staff is composed of certified laser technicians and aestheticianss who provide laser hair removal, laser skin rejuvenation, and skin treatments. Advanced laser treatments are often performed under the direction of board certified plastic surgeons.
Our goal is to provide exceptional results in a safe and professional setting, thus distinguishing ourselves from the salon strip mall laser spas.
Augusta Laser and Skin Center is an advertiser of The Dish.
MEDIA RELEASE
Hawaiʻi Island police have arrested a 45-year-old man in connection with a burglary January 16 at a county office off Pāhoa Village Road.
Patrick Iwanu Hanato of Pāhoa was arrested Tuesday (February 14) and charged with second-degree burglary and second-degree theft. His bail was set at $20,000.
He is being held at Hawaiʻi Community Correctional Center on an unrelated matter and is scheduled to make his initial court appearance on the Pāhoa case Wednesday (February 15).
Police thank the public for their assistance.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
LISTEN: Justin Bieber's The Hottest Damn Thang As He Serenades In Spanish For New Remix 'Despacito'
Hola, Justin Bieber...
Biebz. He's a man of many talents; he can sing, he can dance, and he's one of the few men on this planet that can pull off any hairstyle ever. So - out of nothing but pure jealousy - we'd hope his skills would end there.
They don't. The 'Sorry' vocalist has featured on a brand-new remix for 'Despacito', but he wasn't singing like usual. Oh no, no, no. This time, he was singing in Spanish.
Appearing on Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee's collaboration, which was originally released mid-January 2017, the 23-year old starts serenading us mid-song with, erm, okay - we don't know exactly what he's saying, but it's pretty dreamy.
Bieber uploaded a recording of the song to Twitter, using the hashtag #DespacitoRemix, and it has since gathered over 101k shares and 198k likes. But who didn't see that coming?
Pic: Getty
Needless to say, all of his Beliebers were absolutely loving El Justin's appearance on the track, with comments like "this is so lit and I really like it. You did a great job".
We'll just add "Mastering another language" to your list of life accomplishments, Just.
You May Also Like...
If you like to gamble online and often want to try new games, you might make sure to play Capsa Arrange online.
But if you have not done much research, you may not be entirely sure what Capsa Stack is online, or whether you should go ahead and play it.
What is Capsa Stacking online? – Capsa Arrange is no more complex than the name used in Malaysia and Indonesia for Chinese poker.
The law of the game is slightly different from the poker game you may know, but as you learn it, you really can win big.
Look for pages that tell you all about the ins and outs of Capsa Stack online, and start playing to receive the exercise.
Where to play Capsa Stack online – There are a number of really nice Malaysian and Indonesian pages that you can fight for with Capsa Stack games, you just need to find the most reputable.
This can be done with a quick visit to the online chat room where other Capsa Susun Online players hang out, and with requests for help from them all over.
Be sure to listen to what they say to you about a good repute page, and you should have no problem avoiding unreputable ones.
How does the system win on Capsa Stack online? – There are some really nice Malaysian and Indonesian pages that give you tips on winning systems on Capsa Stack.
These web-pages are often only available in Malay but, if you place the page via an alias program like Google Translate, you can actually find out what they are trying to say to you.
Take a look at some of the pages that have been recommended to you, before you sign up, visit one of the pages that provide tips on playing and winning systems on Capsa Arrange online. Reading these pages for just a few minutes should at least start you, and give you more profit than other budding players.
How much can you win on Capsa Arrange? – Just like any other online casino game, it depends on how much you bet and how often you play.
Determine how much you will bet on Capsa Arrange for next week, and then decide how much you will bet on each hand. After you have these two numbers solved, you can start playing.
As long as you are consistent on both of these amounts, and do not rush on bets more than you plan on just because you're either winning or winning, you'll have a fixed amount of money to bet for a week.
The main thing to remember is, when you start to lose and you can not find a winning system, stop playing for the day and try your luck again one day after today.
Any Malaysian or Indonesian player who does not lose a lot of money while playing Capsa Stacking online will tell you the exact same thing.
China asks banks to suspend dealings with Anbang -Bloomberg
BEIJING, June 15 Chinese authorities have asked banks to suspend business dealings with Anbang Insurance Group, Bloomberg reported on Thursday, a day after the insurer said its chairman had stepped aside, amid reports he had been detained.
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tag:
• Dtg Industry:
• Manufacturing Location:
• Tampa - Florida - US Subject:
• Products
End
-- ColDesi, Inc, a pioneer in the direct to garment printer business, announced the latest in the M series of industrial DTG."The M6 will really open up the possibilities for digital garment printing here in the United States", commented Mark Stephenson, Director of Marketing for ColDesi. "It's being used overseas for custom graphics, of coursebut its increased capacity and print area has made it a key product for the fashion industry as well."The printing capacity of the M6 is significantly higher than other Direct to Garment printers currently availableincluding ColDesi's M2. The M6 retains the features that make all of the DTG brand printers easy to identify, including their flexible platen system and WIMS white ink management system, but expands on thembe more useful for larger customers.DTG M6 brings the following NEW features to the product mix including the largest printing are of any other dtg digital garment printer and the ability to print up to 12 garments at the same time.· 4-2-1 Platen System X 3 – Quick change platens allowing you to print 3, 6 or 12 Garments· Print size – up to 29.5" x 44.75" = OVER 1300 sq inches· Print quality – P30i inks and a wider color gamut· The Lowest cost per print – with P30i Inks"The new capabilities for volume printing of the M6 makes DTG even more appealing to large screen printing shops that want to get into mass customization"said Alex Duran, Sales Manager for ColDesi. "And with over 1,300 square inches of print area it puts Fast Fashion and Cut & Sew applications within the reach of more people."ColDesi, Inc. of Tampa, FL. is a leading reseller of direct to garment printers, commercial embroidery machines, spangle transfer equipment and automatic rhinestone machines. Widely recognized as a leader in digital marketing in the custom apparel industry, pioneering live online webinars for sales, online group support sessions known as Tech Talks and the Custom Apparel Startups Podcast.For more information about the M6 Direct to Garment Printer visit the DTG website here ( https://dtgprintermachine.com/ m6-dtg-printer/ ). You can also contact ColDesi, Inc:Mark StephensonDirector of Marketing877-793-3278
JSE-listed gold miner Harmony Gold on Wednesday announced several changes to the composition of its board committees to enhance the effectiveness of the board.
Of these changes, Mavuso Msimang will take over from Fikile de Buck as the new lead independent director of the company.
Advertisement
De Buck is now the new chairperson of the audit and risk committee, replacing John Wetton, who will remain a member of the committee.
Modise Motloba will take over from Dr Simo Lushaba as the new chairperson of the investment committee, while Lushaba will replace Motloba as the new chairperson of the social and ethics committee.
Advertisement
Max Sisulu has been appointed as a new member of the social and ethics committee.
Lushaba, De Buck and Motloba will remain members of the respective committees.
Pictured here is the beautiful open living space of the Trinidad plan.
Media Contact
Valerie Sheets
9492830202
valerie.sheets@ lennar.com Valerie Sheets9492830202
End
-- Marisol is a fabulous new Lennar community set inside the Fiddyment Farm masterplan in Roseville and offers a collection of quick move-in options that include The Trinidad Plan. A two-story, five-bedroom home, this spacious home provides plenty of living space for every member of the family."This home has a fantastic layout with a stunning master suite located on the first floor and all the secondary bedrooms on the second story," said Laura Kilgore, Director of Marketing for Lennar Sacramento. "This beautiful home combines beautiful design with quality Everything's Included® features at no extra cost to offer great value."The Trinidad plan provides 3,141 square feet of living space in total. Downstairs, enter through the charming porch into the entryway to find a gourmet kitchen with huge center island and walk-in pantry, along with an open-concept dining and great room that has the option to lead out to a covered back patio. A three-bay garage that features a mud room is a convenient touch along with the downstairs half bathroom. The luxurious master suite includes a sitting or retreat area, large walk-in closet and upscale master bathroom with dual vanities, bathtub and separate shower.Upstairs are four secondary bedrooms, one of which has its own private bathroom, another with a walk-in closet. An additional upstairs full-sized bathroom features a dual vanity to provide more space for busy families. A supersized bonus room is a great secondary living area.Every new Lennar home comes with a high level of standard features through the's Include® program, all at no additional cost to the buyer. At Marisol, homeowners enjoy items such as solar electric packages, programmable thermostats and irrigation systems, 9' ceilings, European-style cabinetry, GE® stainless steel appliances, granite or quartz countertops and so much more.For interested homeshoppers who want to see The Trinidad plan for themselves, this home is modeled and also available as part The Redwood Collection at Parkside, located in the Vineyard Creek neighborhood of Sacramento. That Welcome Home Center is located at 1787 Late Harvest Way.Set in Roseville, Marisol at Fiddyment Farm is a perfect community for growing families due to its beautiful location and great school district. The Marisol Welcome Home Center is located at 108 Vista Verde Court. Call 916-905-1612 or visit www.lennar.com/ sacramento to take a virtual tour or for more information.With hundreds of communities nationwide and homes designed for first-time, move-up and luxury homebuyers, Lennar has grown to become one of the nation's leading and most respected homebuilders. Lennar has a longstanding history of building homes of enduring quality in only the most well planned and desirable locations throughout the country.
New Delhi [India], Mar. 20 (BusinessWire India): Kent RO Systems Limited, India's largest selling water purifier brand, announced its new sport partnership as the title sponsor of Kings XI Punjab in the Indian Premier League's (IPL) eleventh season which starts from April 7.
Kent RO will occupy the leading position on KINGS XI's playing jersey.
Addressing a Press Conference in New Delhi, Dr. Mahesh Gupta, Chairman, Kent RO Systems Limited said, "We are delighted to extend our partnership with KINGS XI PUNJAB. Through this synergic partnership, Kent RO and Kings XI teamed up to offer a unique platform with an objective of engaging with customers and the youth of today around one of the biggest and passionate cricket tournaments, the IPL. We are happy to be primary sponsors to KINGS XI PUNJAB. It is a young team and is expected to perform well and we sincerely wish them to win this year. Through this association, we look forward to engaging with our audience through one of the most popular sports in India."
Kings XI Punjab is co-owned by Preity Zinta, Ness Wadia and Mohit Burman. The strategic partnership was unveiled during a press conference jointly hosted by Kings XI Punjab and Kent RO in New Delhi in the presence of Virendra Sehwag, Director, Team Captain R Ashwin, Satish Menon, CEO, Kings XI Punjab, Co-owners Mohit Burman, Ness Wadia besides Dr. Mahesh Gupta
Kent RO also tied up with Star Sports exclusively for season 11th of IPL where the extra innings will be powered by Kent RO. Kent has earmarked a budget of Rs 50 crore for this IPL.
Cricket being the most powerful medium in India, and IPL its most spectacular vehicle, this will certainly help the brand to connect with sports lovers, not just in India but also in other parts of the world, concluded Dr. Gupta. (BusinessWire India)
Gunmen are holding an unknown number of people hostage inside a popular restaurant in Somalia's capital Wednesday. At least nine people have been killed in the attack that began when suspected al-Shabab militants set off a car bomb outside the Posh Treats restaurant and then sent a group of armed militants inside. “We heard a huge deafening explosion and saw a flash of light. Then, after 30 seconds, gunfire ensued inside the restaurant,” a witness told VOA's Somali Service. 'Huge damage here' A reporter for VOA who went to the...
read more...
Published By: VOA Africa - Today
Toa Maoni yako hapa - Add your comment
Related News
Thane: A 54-year old man from Kalyan town here was killed after a quarrel over Re 1, police said today.The incident took place late last night when the victim, Manohar Gamne (54), went to buy eggs at a neighbourhood shop in Rambaugh, said Thane police PRO Sukhada Narkar.Gamne allegedly paid Re 1 less to the shopkeeper which led to an argument between the two. The shopkeeper abused the victim, Narkar said.The victim and his son later went to the shopkeeper to ask him why he hurled abuses. This led to another round of verbal exchanges during which the shopkeeper's son repeatedly kicked and punched Gamne, leading to his instant death, the official said.The accused, Sudhkar Prabhu (45), has been arrested and charged with murder, Narkar said.
Dive Brief:
An independent school in Potomac, MD, gives seniors the option of completing a capstone project that not only allows them to integrate what they've learned in the lower grades, but also to conduct research on something they feel passionate about, Lisa Vardi, a teacher at the school, writes for EdSurge .
. Mentors are assigned to help students narrow their topics, set goals and conduct research for their year-long projects, and they include faculty members and members of the community.
The projects culminate with a symposium — attended by students, faculty members, parents and others in the community — at which the seniors can present their projects, and it has evolved over the years from a small evening gathering to a full-day event.
Dive Insight:
The capstone project at this particular school is available to honors-level students and lasts over the course of the year. While not all schools may be able to allow students to devote that much time to a project, educators are finding that there is value in letting students choose the topics they want to research or present as long as they demonstrate that they are meeting standards in their work. Not reserving such projects for high-achieving students might also be a way to motivate and engage students who might be struggling or hard to reach.
This post provides several suggestions for incorporating more student inquiry into existing classrooms and schedules, such as having a design challenge or a genius hour. While schools frequently ask students to work together on group projects, students can also benefit by pursuing something more personal. Such projects might also allow for more engagement with family and community members and help students learn more about their strengths. In this piece, Anne Keith, a former Montana teacher of the year talks about how passion projects are a way to increase engagement and teach skills, such as problem-solving, creativity, innovation and communication.
0:50
When is it OK to drive after drinking? Impaired judgment makes it hard to tell
The Houston Texas quarterback exhibited a “fencing response” — “an unnatural position of the arms following a concussion,” after he was hit.
Tom Savage hits head on ground, appears to have seizure while ref looks on, comes back in the game 5 minutes later. pic.twitter.com/gW9lYxDIwQ — TheRenderNFL (@TheRenderNFL) December 10, 2017
One again the NFL proves it does not care about its players' injuries — and let's not pretend otherwise.
Houston Texas quarterback Tom Savage took a hard hit on the head after San Francisco 49ers Elvis Dumervil plowed into him during a game at NRG Stadium in Houston. The video showed Savage's head snapping back and hitting the turf.
Undeniably stunned, the quarterback turned on his side with his arms bent in front of him and his hands shaking uncontrollably. He was able to stand up after a few minutes and allowed an official to check him.
But what happened next was a flagrant disregard by the NFL for their player's health. Despite the fact the official on the field recognized something had gone wrong, Savage was allowed to go back to the field. However, his symptoms, which hinted at concussion, were noticed by doctors and he was pulled out once again from the game. This time they realized how badly the player was injured and he stayed out of the game.
On Tom Savage concussion and NFL protocol: 1. Got hit. 2. Went under tent to be evaluated by independent neurologist. 3. Got cleared. 4. Went back in game briefly. 5. When he went to sideline, symptoms noticed by doctors. 6. Went to locker room, concussion determined, ruled out — Aaron Wilson (@AaronWilson_NFL) December 10, 2017
However, the decision to do so should not have after a second test.
Two experts said Savage did not have a seizure but they both said the quarterback exhibited clear signs of a concussed head and should have been stopped from playing again the moment he got hit.
The quarterback exhibited a “fencing response” — “an unnatural position of the arms following a concussion.” The Texans sidelines have video reviewing devices and there is always a trained spotter in the press box at every game. So there was no way they could have failed to notice Savage's body giving the whole stadium a loud and clear warning about what's happening to him — and yet, it was completely ignored.
Read More ESPN Football Anchor Quits Over Player Safety Concerns
The lapse is inexcusable. But sadly, this is a recurring pattern during NFL matches.
The league's handling of head injuries is laughable if it weren't so tragic. The NFL neurologists allowed a concussed player to get back in the game and failed in their duty to protect the athlete's well being. It can be argued that some players develop symptoms of concussion much later after the trauma, which can be difficult to diagnose. But this was not the case with Savage.
According to the Houston Chronicle, the 27-year-old footballer was the one who insisted he wanted to get back on the field. It's understandable since Savage had already lost his starting spot earlier this season. However, there should be measures in place to prevent a player to save him from his own foolishness — but they were not.
The type of move that knocked savage isn't new and nor is the resulting trauma from those hits. However, what's changed this season is the growing awareness that the long-lasting trauma inflicted by the sports is not something that should be taken lightly.
Experts have been shouting for years there is a link between football and Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy (CTE) — a degenerative neurological disease that is responsible for players dying younger or ending their own lives.
In July, the New York Times ran a bombshell report detailing finding by Boston University that found CTE in the brains of 110 to 111 former NFL players.
However, the NFL only grudgingly acknowledged the link last year. And it seems it is still reluctant to reduce the risks.
Tom Savage had a mini seizure on the field and came right back in. Guess the NFL doesn't have a seizure protocol? 😳 #SFvsHOU #Texans pic.twitter.com/XxcjWqljhc — (@3lone) December 10, 2017
The Houston Texans are so dysfunctional that Tom Savage (who got KOed) doesn't even know that he is no longer playing pic.twitter.com/RtfGdARzhd — WonderousATX (@wonderousATX) December 10, 2017
This is very alarming. The Texans also put Tom Savage back into a game after he suffered a concussion last season. The NFL needs to investigate this. https://t.co/esUnijpAuP — Michael David Smith (@MichaelDavSmith) December 10, 2017
Meanwhile, in the Texans / Niners game ... Tom Savage took a hit and rolled around like an electrocuted mannequin
Fortunately, he went through concussion protocol ... and passed 😳 pic.twitter.com/q2DGiWX1yo — Troy Hughes™ (@TommySledge) December 10, 2017
Banner/Thumbnail credit: Troy Taormina-USA TODAY via REUTERS
Covered only in clay, Kim teased her new fragrance, KKW Body. Picture: Instagram
Covered only in clay, Kim teased her new fragrance, KKW Body. Picture: Instagram
KIM Kardashian has done it again.
The reality TV star turned beauty mogul has posted a number of nude photos on Instagram, pushing the limits of Instagram's nudity guidelines.
She first posted a topless picture, where only her arm is covering her bust and her face is out of the shot.
Kim knows exactly how to get people talking. Picture: Instagram
She followed this with what may be her most X-rated self-promotional shot ever.
The photo is of Kim's torso and lower-body, sans underwear or literally anything else. She leaves very little to the imagination - but then again, she wouldn't be the Kim we love if she did.
Kim Kardashian posted some of her most racy photos ever this week — to help sell her new perfume. Picture: Instagram
It's all to promote her new fragrance, KKW Body, which drops on April 30.
Teasing the perfume's release with a final photo of her naked body covered in clay, she wrote, "We took a mould of my body and made it a perfume bottle."
Speaking to Business of Fashion about the fragrance, Kardashian said: "The next fragrance I have coming out in May, KKW Body, is so amazing. It is a sculpture, basically, of my body,
"It's really cool. The scent is so good, I'm so proud of it. It smells to me like what I would think golden smells like, even though that's a colour and something that's just luminous."
A post shared by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian)
But the photos have some fans upset, with many commenting that she has taken it too far this time.
One Instagram user commented, "This is not okay!"
Another wrote: "I love her but this is [too] much! There is no need to expose everything like that honestly."
Still, whether you love her or hate you, you have to admire her commitment to brand consistency!
By Campbell Burnes
Jordie Barrett looks set to stay with the Hurricanes for the short term, rather than head to Australia with the New Zealand Under 20s.
The official word was not clear from the Hurricanes yesterday, but with Nehe Milner-Skudder still on ice for a few more weeks and Barrett proving himself as Super Rugby's rookie of the year from fullback, it looks as if he may forgo the Oceania Under 20 series in Australia.
The Hurricanes do, however, have the bye in round 10, so there may be flexibility in that thinking.
"I think the understanding was that Jordie is waiting on a bit of information on whether he is allowed to go, but he'll play this weekend and then we'll hear updates on that going forward," said Hurricanes assistant coach Jason Holland, adding that the younger Barrett had impressed with his maturity and phlegmatic approach.
"I presume, if he is going to be with the All Blacks, he won't be available for the Under 20s," Holland added, in answer to a question on how close he is to the top side.
The Under 20s are assembling in Auckland this weekend and Barrett had been named as squad vice-captain. He was likely to have missed only the May 5 clash with the Stormers anyway, as he was set to play this Friday against the Brumbies.
He is more likely to see out most of the Hurricanes' May programme, before joining the side for their World Rugby Under 20s championship in Georgia, a tournament where his presence is important to the team's chances, either at No 12 or 15.
Having said that, the form of the 20-year-old Barrett has been of such high quality that he is possibly only an injury or two from cracking the All Black squad for the Lions tour.
In Hurricanes team news, lock Michael Fatialofa was due for a scan today, but is definitely scratched for the weekend, after dinging his knee, while Dane Coles and Matt Proctor are still doubtful for the Brumbies.
The Hurricanes lineout creaked against the Blues, so the onus will be on two-try hero Mark Abbott, who will possibly be joined in the second row by Vaea Fifita.
- NZ Herald
WASHINGTON, D.C.: US President Donald Trump's pick for secretary of state, Mike Pompeo, narrowly won approval from a Senate panel on Monday (Tuesday in Manila), paving the way for the CIA director to become America's top diplomat.
A dramatic last-minute flip by Republican Senator Rand Paul, who for weeks had expressed opposition to Pompeo over his stance on the Iraq war and surveillance issues, gave the spy chief a narrow edge.
That allowed Trump to avoid an embarrassing setback as he sought to replace Rex Tillerson, the secretary of state he fired in March.
If Paul had not reversed his position, Pompeo would have become the first secretary of state-nominee on record to be rejected by the committee, according to the Senate Historical Office.
Paul said he changed his vote after speaking to Trump “several times,” and after meeting with Pompeo.
The maverick Republican said he was assured that Trump believes the Iraq war was a mistake and wants to end the US presence there and in Afghanistan.
“I haven't been given anything, haven't been promised anything,” Paul said.
“The president has assured me there is going to be a discussion” on those issues.
As for Pompeo, Paul said, “He's assured me that he's learned the lesson” of Iraq and “has incorporated the idea that the Iraq war was a mistake.”
Pompeo's nomination will now proceed to a vote by the complete Senate, where the support of at least three Democrats guarantees its passage.
Leader of talks with North Korea
A negative vote could have unsettled delicate negotiations with North Korea.
Pompeo has taken the lead in arranging a historic summit between Trump and Kim Jong-un, the North Korean leader.
The summit aims to reduce tensions brought about by Pyongyang's development of a nuclear weapon and ballistic missiles powerful enough to deliver it to American soil.
Pompeo secretly traveled to Pyongyang in late March to meet with Kim to lay the groundwork for the meeting, which could take place in early June.
Director of the Central Intelligence Agency since the beginning of the Trump administration, Pompeo has become one of the president's closest advisors.
He would replace Tillerson, the former oil executive who was pushed out in March after a rocky relationship with the White House and a management approach that left the State Department understaffed and demoralized.
But Democrats have assailed Pompeo for a record of bellicose statements they say are at odds with his prospective job as the top US diplomat, and also have cited anti-Muslim and anti-LGBTQ statements he has made in the past.
AFP
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Choyce Plus Size Model Management & Plussizecasting.com Agency Plus is the New Sexy!
Building a Plus Size Empire of Fashion & Talent! MISSION HILLS, Calif. - Aug. 14, 2017 - PRLog -- A Plus Size Entrepreneur, Jamila Choyce is the owner of Choyce International Plus Size Model Management, which is the first licensed and bonded agency geared toward Plus Size Talent in California.
At a blazing 5'9', and size 16 she did not fit into Hollywood's stereotype of beauty. Although she landed a few commercials, court shows, and pilots, her acting head shoots was the key to open the door to her new career.
After being signed with three talent agents and driving from Northern California to Southern California, she wanted more! She felt the same frustration and anguish of other plus size talent. In 2011, the door of plus size modeling was thrusted open when submitted to a talent agency for plus size models.
She began writing a column for a plus size publication and started her own talk show interviewing plus size designers and models. As a plus size model, she was very active making television and radio appearances as well as producing, styling, and designing for live fashion shows. Most notably, her first national television exposure was on the "Queen Latifah" talk show in New York.
In 2016, PlusSizeCasting.com website was created to unite plus size talent with producers, directors, magazine editors, fashion show coordinators, and casting directors with plus size talent. Casting directors can submit there casting needs on the website. Therefore, it is an opportunity for plus size talent and casting officials who are seeking plus size talent to meet and work together. Talent can register and submit for acting, modeling, dancing, and singing opportunities. While Choyce Plus Size Model Management is a talent agency working hands on with plus talent and casting officials. It is geared towards plus size talent and Choyce Plus Size Model Management is an agency geared towards sizes 8 to 28.
The plus size market is growing immensely. In 2016, the plus-size market grew 6% with sales reaching $21.4 billion. The average woman in America is a size 14 (plus sizes are typically between sizes 14 and 34). However, in the fashion industry plus size starts at a size 8 and up, yet retailers barely cater to this crucial demographic. If roughly 60 percent of the population is considered overweight, for argument's sake, let's say half of that number is women. So, of the estimated 310 million people in the United States, we can extrapolate that roughly 93 million are female shoppers in the double-digit size range.
https://plussizecasting.com/
www.PlusSizeCasting.com
http://choyceplussizemodelsinc.com/ about-us.html
www.ChoycePlusSizeModelsInc.com
Media Contact
Jamila Choyce, MPA
(323) 379-9746
***@choyceplusiszemodelinc.com Jamila Choyce, MPA(323) 379-9746 End -- A Plus Size Entrepreneur, Jamila Choyce is the owner of Choyce International Plus Size Model Management, which is the first licensed and bonded agency geared toward Plus Size Talent in California.At a blazing 5'9', and size 16 she did not fit into Hollywood's stereotype of beauty. Although she landed a few commercials, court shows, and pilots, her acting head shoots was the key to open the door to her new career.After being signed with three talent agents and driving from Northern California to Southern California, she wanted more! She felt the same frustration and anguish of other plus size talent. In 2011, the door of plus size modeling was thrusted open when submitted to a talent agency for plus size models.She began writing a column for a plus size publication and started her own talk show interviewing plus size designers and models. As a plus size model, she was very active making television and radio appearances as well as producing, styling, and designing for live fashion shows. Most notably, her first national television exposure was on the "Queen Latifah" talk show in New York.In 2016, PlusSizeCasting.com website was created to unite plus size talent with producers, directors, magazine editors, fashion show coordinators, and casting directors with plus size talent. Casting directors can submit there casting needs on the website. Therefore, it is an opportunity for plus size talent and casting officials who are seeking plus size talent to meet and work together. Talent can register and submit for acting, modeling, dancing, and singing opportunities. While Choyce Plus Size Model Management is a talent agency working hands on with plus talent and casting officials. It is geared towards plus size talent and Choyce Plus Size Model Management is an agency geared towards sizes 8 to 28.The plus size market is growing immensely. In 2016, the plus-size market grew 6% with sales reaching $21.4 billion. The average woman in America is a size 14 (plus sizes are typically between sizes 14 and 34). However, in the fashion industry plus size starts at a size 8 and up, yet retailers barely cater to this crucial demographic. If roughly 60 percent of the population is considered overweight, for argument's sake, let's say half of that number is women. So, of the estimated 310 million people in the United States, we can extrapolate that roughly 93 million are female shoppers in the double-digit size range.www.PlusSizeCasting.comwww.ChoycePlusSizeModelsInc.com Source : Choyce Plus Size Models Inc Email : ***@choyceplusiszemodelinc.com Tags : Plus Size Models , Plus Size Fashions Industry : Entertainment , Fashion , Media Location : Mission Hills - California - United States Subject : Companies Disclaimer Report Abuse Account Phone Number
April 12 Industrial Bank Co Ltd :
* Says it completed the issuance of 1.72 billion A shares at 15.10 yuan per share, through private placement
* Says it raised 26.0 billion yuan in total through the private placement
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/HPO3C3
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
After nearly three weeks out of sight, Melania Trump tried to put to rest speculation about her health and even her whereabouts as she continues to recover from medical treatment for a kidney condition. It didn't completely work.
Mrs. Trump tweeted that she's "feeling great" and is at the White House working hard for children and American families. But she still didn't make a public appearance, leaving some skeptics still wondering about her condition and plenty more.
I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing. Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people! — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) May 30, 2018
The first lady's tweet landed while her husband was participating in a White House event that seemed tailor-made for a first lady, as famous athletes joined President Donald Trump and his daughter and senior adviser Ivanka Trump on the South Lawn to promote youth sports and fitness.
"I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing," Mrs. Trump said on Twitter. "Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people!"
Advertisement
The first lady's absence from public view has spawned all sorts of wild theories on social media and elsewhere: Has she moved back to Trump Tower in New York City? Is she cooperating with the special counsel's Russia investigation? Is her health in jeopardy? Has she entered the witness protection programme? And so on.
Mrs. Trump has not appeared in public since the wee hours of May 10, when she accompanied the president to a military base in Maryland to welcome home three Americans who had been released from detention in North Korea.
Four days later, the White House announced that the 48-year-old first lady had successfully undergone an "embolisation" procedure to treat a benign kidney condition, and that there were no complications.
She spent five nights at Walter Reed National Military Medical Centre in nearby Bethesda, Maryland. Some doctors familiar with the procedure but not involved in her care said people treated with embolisation typically are sent home the same day or the next.
First ladies are under no obligation to make their medical histories public, and the White House has said nothing more about Mrs. Trump's condition.
On Friday (US time), the president tried to assure reporters that his wife was doing fine.
Asked about the first lady's health before he boarded the presidential helicopter on the South Lawn, Trump pointed to the second floor of the White House and said: "She's doing great. Right there. She's doing great. She's looking at us, right there."
Despite Trump's assurances, reporters didn't see any sign of the first lady watching from above.
Mrs. Trump is often viewed as a reluctant first lady, but her lengthy absence from public view comes after what was probably her most high-profile period in the role to date.
In April, she alone represented the administration at the Houston funeral of former first lady Barbara Bush. She joined the president to host the Japanese prime minister for talks at the Trumps' estate in Florida. That was followed by the French president's three-day state visit to the White House, which included the first state dinner planned under her watch for more than 100 guests.
Mrs. Trump capped it off in early May with a splashy Rose Garden rollout for her "Be Best" campaign to teach kindness to children. Trump watched from the audience.
Her popularity is rising, according to a recent CNN poll that found 57 per cent of those surveyed saying they have a favourable impression of her, up from 47 percent in January.
A week after the first lady announced "Be Best," she was in the hospital.
She's been heard from — including tweets about the Texas school shooting, the newest Medal of Honour recipient and Memorial Day — but not seen since.
The first lady's longtime friend, Paolo Zampolli, thinks "she wanted to spend some quality time with her family."
Her spokeswoman, Stephanie Grisham, said the first lady has been meeting with her staff on the "Be Best" initiative and working on upcoming projects like the annual White House picnic for members of Congress in June and Fourth of July festivities.
Grisham said the first lady would like to be "out and about promoting her initiatives" but "her health comes first."
Jean Harris, who teaches political science and women's studies at the University of Scranton in Pennsylvania, said people so far seem to be giving the first lady "her space for a whole bunch of reasons."
But Harris said Mrs. Trump could end up being hurt by the fact that she made the long-waited announcement about her initiative — and then disappeared.
"If there's not that follow-up, I think people will begin to be a bit more critical than they have been," Harris said.
- AP
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Harwal Group, Asmaco Packaging Industries, China Petrochemical Corporation, Sealed Air Corporation, PakMarkas UAB, Amcor Limited, Amcor Limited, Intertape Polymer Group, Inc. (IPG), Farnell Packaging Limited, Morgan Group, Riverside Paper Co. Inc., Four Star Plastics. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-polyolefin-pof-shrink-film-market/10353/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : General, Cross-linked.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Food, Beverage, Industrial packaging, Pharmaceuticals, Consumer goods.
Key Highlights Of The Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-polyolefin-pof-shrink-film-market/10353/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the shocking moment the ringleader of a drugs gang was caught on CCTV hiding a loaded revolver and 12 rounds of ammunition behind his own children's play house.
Mustafa Ali was captured on camera stashing the deadly weapon in his garden - moments before police raided his Kings Norton home on November 14 last year.
In the footage Ali, 27, can be seen rushing out of the Meadowsweet Avenue property holding a bag and heading for a gate at the end of his garden.
He attempts to conceal the bag behind a Wendy House before darting back into the home he shared with his partner and two young children.
But police raiding the property later uncovered crack cocaine and heroin with a street value of £10,000 - as well as the loaded firearm.
Earlier this month, Ali was jailed for 11 years after an analysis of mobile phones found scattered throughout his address lead police to uncover a gang responsible for flooding the streets of Birmingham with Class A drugs.
Officers discovered another £2,000 of crack cocaine when they raided the nearby home of single mother Christina West, 29, on the same day.
And Charlotte Phelan, 28; Adrian Wattis, 40 and Rachel Smith, 37, were also later arrested for their involvement in the drugs empire.
All five appeared at Birmingham Crown Court on April 10, where they were sentenced for their roles in the operation after pleading guilty at earlier hearings
The court heard the £12,000 seizure was just a ‘snapshot' of the amount of drugs involved - with crack cocaine and heroin being restocked every one-to-two weeks then distributed across the city.
Ringleader Ali - a father-of-two with no previous convictions - recruited debtors Smith and Wattis to act as runners, delivering the drugs to addicts in Birmingham.
While single mums Phelan and West played ‘lesser roles', packaging and storing crack cocaine under Ali's instruction.
Ali was jailed for a total of 11 years after being convicted of possession of a prohibited firearm, two counts of possession of ammunition, conspiracy to supply cocaine and conspiracy to supply heroin.
While Smith and Wattis were jailed for 32 months each after both being convicted of conspiracy to supply heroin and conspiracy to supply cocaine.
West and Phelan were both sentenced to two years imprisonment, suspended for 12 months and ordered to carry out 80 hours unpaid work after being convicted of conspiracy to supply cocaine.
The court heard West had been motivated to act as a packager after her benefits were cancelled when she failed to turn up for an appointment.
And Phelan had been recruited after ‘struggling to make ends meet' when her hours as a carer were reduced.
Prosecuting, Robert Price said: “In police interviews, Mr Ali claimed to have sourced the gun for his own protection and did admit he would have used it if necessary.
“There were group texts sent out each morning to addicts across Birmingham to say ‘the shop was open'.
“Ali hired Phelan and West to package drugs on his behalf, while Smith and Wattis - who both owed him money - were drugs runners.
“They were sent messages with the names and locations of purchasers and instructions on where to take packages.
“All four were in contact with Ali by mobile phone.
“CCTV also captured Phelan and Ali meeting in Bearwood to exchange drugs.
“It is clear Ali played a leading role in the operation, while Wattis and Smith were active street dealers and runners.”
The court heard how Ali was of ‘formerly good character' and had maintained a relationship with his partner - the mother of his two children - while on remand.
Sentencing the gang, Judge Heidi Kubik said: “Police went to Ali's house on November 14 last year. He was observed hiding a bag inside a child's wendy house. That bag was later searched and found to contain a loaded firearm and another 12 rounds of ammunition.
“The firearm had been plainly kept inside the house with young children. Digital scales and class A drugs valued at £10,000 were also found, as well as almost £5,000 in cash and a number of mobile phones.
“It is clear Ali was directing the sale of the drugs on a commercial scale.”
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged, allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers.
By Chinenyeh Ozor
Confusion engulfed residents of Ogurugu Road in Nsukka over the death of a water corporation retiree, who was crushed to death by his car at a petrol station in Nsukka Local Government Area, Enugu State.
Vanguard gathered that the retiree, identified as Ochi Joseph, of Affa in Udi Local Government Area of the state, drove to Willie Ekere Filling Station along Ogurugu Road to fuel his new car, a Toyota Avensis, with number plates LND 74 ABM.
The deceased, it was learned, started the car after fuelling, engaged the automatic gear only to discover that the bonnet was half-closed.
Attendants at the filling station told Vanguard that the deceased, on noticing that his bonnet was half-closed, came down from the car, forgetting to return the gear to park.
While he was attempting to close the bonnet, the car started to move. He tried to stop it only for the car to gain momentum. The car crushed the owner to death.
The eyewitness further said it was a lone accident, as the deceased was trying to stop the car from crashing into the fence of the filling station by attempting to push it back.
Sympathisers rushed him to Joseph Faith Foundation Hospital opposite the filling station, but he was confirmed dead on arrival.
(Adds U.S. vice president's expected visit to Indonesia, background, paragraphs 5, 10-12)
By Mitra Taj
SANTIAGO, April 5 Freeport McMoRan Inc is awaiting final details on a temporary export permit in Indonesia, which would end a 12-week ban that has cost the world's biggest publicly traded copper company nearly $1 billion in lost revenues, its top executives told Reuters in an interview on Wednesday.
"With the short-term arrangement, we'll start ramping production back up to feed our mill 100 percent," said Chief Financial Officer Kathleen Quirk referring to Freeport's Grasberg mine.
"It shouldn't take very long, we're talking weeks," she said, alongside Chief Executive Officer Richard Adkerson, at the CRU World Copper Conference in Santiago.
Indonesia banned miners from exporting copper concentrate on Jan. 12 under new rules aimed at boosting the Southeast Asian nation's domestic smelting industry.
For each month exports are banned, Grasberg output is reduced by 70 million pounds of copper, Freeport says.
Freeport is required to adopt a special license, that includes new taxes and royalties, divesting a 51 percent stake in its operations and relinquishing arbitration rights.
The Phoenix-based company has lost revenues "approaching $1 billion," under the export stoppage, said Quirk, mitigated by cost and capital spending cuts. It is unlikely deferred capital spending will resume until a long-term mining agreement is reached, said Adkerson.
Under a temporary permit, extending to October, Freeport could resume copper concentrate exports from Grasberg, the world's second-biggest copper mine, while negotiating contentious issues that have prevented a longer-term agreement, including divestment, economic and legal protection and domestic smelting investment.
Freeport plans to boost Grasberg production from 40 percent currently to full capacity in a matter of weeks after receiving the short-term permit, Quirk said.
Freeport insists any new permit must have the same fiscal and legal guarantees as under its 30-year mining contract. The company has warned that if the matter is unresolved by June 17, it could go to arbitration and seek damages. A temporary permit does not affect that timeline, but Adkerson said there is no reason for arbitration if negotiations progress.
Shareholder pressure is mounting on Freeport to stand up to the government. The issue could emerge during a visit to Indonesia by U.S. Vice President Mike Pence this month, part of a larger Asian tour reported by the media.
Freeport's ban, coupled with a strike at BHP Billiton's Escondida mine in Chile, the world's biggest copper mine, pushed copper prices to 20-month highs of $6,204 a tonne on the London Metal Exchange in February.
(Reporting by Mitra Taj and Felipe Iturriet in Santiago, writing by Susan Taylor in Toronto in Vancouver; Editing by David Gregorio and W Simon)
Winfried Conradi, the man at the center of Maren Ade's film Toni Erdmann, is a bearish, nearly retired music teacher, an aging baby boomer whose response to the mundane and unimaginative world around him is to slip in a set of grotesquely formed false teeth and take on new personae, to the bewilderment of his neighbors and the occasional unwary delivery man. He's a gentle anarchist, waging mild protests against the world solely for his own amusement.
Winfried's daughter Ines has fallen far from the familial tree: She's a no-nonsense careerist in the international business world, with a personal assistant at arm's reach and cell phone fixed in her sight line. When her father pays a surprise visit during her negotiations with an oil company in Bucharest, she tries to fit him into her schedule for a few days before shipping him back to Germany; he rebels by grabbing an ill-fitting suit, a wig and, of course, his false teeth, and introduces himself to her business colleagues as Toni Erdmann, life coach. What follows is a gorgeously loony tug-of-war between incompatible values, with Ines trying to preserve her place on the corporate ladder while Toni shakes it from its base.
Ade's film is a real anomaly (or perhaps, to use the current jargon, an outlier), a serious comedy that offers broad laughs as well as thoughtful insights on contemporary Europe and the global economy. It's a stinging satire of the post-capitalist world, as well as a touching and at times genuinely goofy look at the eternal family struggle of young vs. old, conformity vs. rebellion. As Winfried/Toni, Peter Simonischek is a gifted clown, blithely wreaking mischief, but Sandra Huller's Ines proves to be his equal, pushed into playing her father's helpless straight woman but gradually revealing her own tongue-in-cheek way of rebelling against the business establishment.
Ade has said that Toni Erdmann was inspired by watching clips of comedian Andy Kaufman, whose obnoxious alter ego Tony Clifton rudely confronted audiences and bludgeoned them with his perverse twist on show business. You can see a resemblance, but Simonischek's Toni, while matching Clifton's grossly exaggerated physical appearance, lacks the aggression and anger of Kaufman's character.
Ade's film reminded me more of another great, understated political allegory, Being There. In both the Jerzy Kosinski novel and Hal Ashby's masterful 1979 film version, the circles of power are infiltrated by naive outsider Chance Gardiner. Toni Erdmann is Kosinski's Chance Gardiner in reverse, a knowing trickster rather than a sublime innocent, yet they achieve some of the same effects. In sharp, absurdist strokes, Ade has created a witty and humane cartoon about holding on to simple values in a complicated world.
A U.S. appeals court ruled that Mylan Inc's proposed generic version of the blood thinner Angiomax would not infringe on patents held by The Medicines Company.
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit reversed a decision by a federal judge in Illinois who ruled for The Medicines Company.
Angiomax is The Medicines Company's top product. It accounted for $121.8 million of the company's 2016 revenue of $167.8 million. The larger share of the company's Angiomax revenue, $71.2 million, derived from royalties on an authorized generic version produced by Sandoz Inc, the generic arm of Novartis AG.
In ruling Mylan's generic version of Angiomax would not infringe The Medicines Company's patents, the Federal Circuit did not address whether those patents were valid.
Neither Mylan nor The Medicines Company immediately responded to requests for comment.
(Reporting by Jan Wolfe; Editing by Andrew Hay)
(Corrects paragraph 6 to delete incorrect reference to the U.S. State Department sending undersecretary to recent Singapore Airshows)
By Mike Stone
WASHINGTON, Feb 1 (Reuters) - The United States for the first time in years is sending its diplomat responsible for foreign military sales to the Singapore Airshow to promote U.S.-made weapons, a U.S. official said on Thursday, as the State Department prepares for an overseas arms sales push.
The attendance of Ambassador Tina Kaidanow at the Feb. 6-10 air show, the most important in the Asia Pacific region, is aimed at boosting sales for U.S. arms manufacturers such as F-35 jets made by Lockheed Martin Corp and missile manufactured by Raytheon Co.
President Donald Trump's administration is nearing completion of a new “Buy American” initiative that calls for U.S. military attaches and diplomats to play a much bigger role in the sale of billions of dollars more in business overseas.
“We will be working at strengthening our advocacy at every level of the embassy, from your commercial officer, up through your ambassador,” the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity told reporters on Thursday.
Singapore could be seen as the test case for the Trump administration's new strategy of having the Pentagon and the U.S. State Department take a more active role in securing foreign arms deals, which require State Department approval.
For the first time since at least 2009, the U.S. delegation at the air show will include the top State Department official overseeing arms sales. Kaidanow holds that role with the title principal deputy assistant secretary in the Bureau of Political-Military Affairs.
The U.S. exported $49.5 billion of aerospace and defense products to Asia-Pacific in 2016, compared to European demand of $49.8 billion, according to U.S. Department of Commerce data.
The official said of the “Buy America” initiative, “I would expect with all of the energy the U.S. government is putting behind this, as well as all of the energy the companies are putting behind this, that I would hope to see very good numbers” for foreign military sales.
The State Department said in a statement that Kaidanow “will hold consultations on defense trade issues and promote more than 150 U.S. companies and trade organizations exhibiting the latest aerospace technologies.”
Demand for U.S.-made arms is high and foreign military sales in fiscal 2017, comprising the final months of Obama's term and much of Trump's first year in office, climbed to $42 billion, compared to $31 billion in the prior year, according to the U.S. Defense Security Cooperation Agency.
Remy Nathan, vice president for international affairs at the Aerospace Industries Association aid, “The Asia-Pacific region was our industry's largest regional export destination for several years before Europe overtook it in 2016.”
TIMMINS -
HGS is hiring 80 new people for its customer service centre Timmins.
The call centre, which operates on Spruce Street South, is holding a job fair there this Saturday from 1 to 3 p.m.
The firm has put the call out for applicants who are bilingual.
The new jobs were announced earlier this year, but now the company is in the hiring phase and is looking for candidates for the Timmins operation.
Hiring is already underway and the next training class is slated to begin on May 7. Training is comprised of 21 days in class, followed by four weeks of on-the-job training.
Ross Duff, senior vice-president of operations, said Timmins has some unique capabilities that HGS saw as worthy reasons for expanding.
“We've been welcomed and well supported by the community, and developed partnerships with many local organizations. Timmins provides us access to a bilingual workforce skilled in customer service, and those skills transfer easily to our technical and offline support work,” said Duff.
He added that there is a “robust telecommunications infrastructure” in place along with the secure facility on Spruce Street to support 24/7 operations and he said that is not available in other communities of a similar size.
Duff also spoke well of the existing workforce at HGS Timmins as having an outstanding performance record. He said that contributed to the decision to expand the local operation.
“The Timmins team has been a top performer on all the business they have supported since opening in 2009. Our frontline employees are reliable, dedicated and care deeply about the customers they interact with. Timmins reflects and influences the HGS Canada culture in many ways,” said Duff.
“Employees that started with us in Timmins have spread out across our Canadian operation over time. In fact, there are Timmins based leaders that are responsible for operations and support functions for all of Canada. Members of the local leadership team have all been promoted from within.”
Duff said the company is looking for people who like people.
“From a personality perspective, candidates need to enjoy interacting with people, be able to listen and identify the caller's issue and clearly guide them to resolution. Doing this effectively is supported through training and ongoing development. It does require a level of comfort operating a computer and strong typing skills.”
On the flip side, he said HGS has much to offer as well.
“We offer the opportunity for full-time work in a welcoming and comfortable environment as well as competitive compensation and benefits, and opportunities to grow as a customer service professional or leader within our industry,” he said.
HELENA, Mont. (AP) — Montana's health care co-op, one of America's few remaining alternatives to traditional health insurance, will resume accepting new enrollees Sunday after it voluntarily pulled itself from the state's insurance marketplace in December.
The insurer took the nine-month hiatus from enrolling new members in the exchange created by President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act to boost its financial reserves and keep it from the same fate that has befallen failed co-ops across the country.
The program was among about two dozen privately run health co-ops that sprang up across the country following the 2010 passage of the Obama administration's health care law. They provided medical coverage with premiums far lower than plans offered by traditional health insurance companies.
But within two years, half of the programs quietly folded — undermined by political attacks, financial miscalculations and the volatility of the health insurance marketplace. Just four remain — in Montana, Wisconsin, Maine and New Mexico. Earlier this week, Massachusetts officials placed the Minuteman Health co-op in receivership.
The Montana Health Co-op, which also serves customers in neighboring Idaho, temporarily suspended new enrollment in Montana because of worries that it was overextending its resources and heading toward insolvency.
"When all the other co-ops were going down, we were losing money, too," said Jerry Dworak, the Montana Health Co-op's CEO. "Thankfully, we've turned things around."
This year, the co-op is projecting $28 million in profits, after weathering a string of losses. It lost about $6 million in its first year and more than $40 million the following year, Dworak said.
So confident is the co-op about its financial health that Dworak said it has the capacity to absorb all 64,000 Montanans who buy their insurance through the state's exchange. It now enrolls about 20,000 people who purchase individual plans on the exchange. Blue Cross and PacificSource, the other two providers on the exchange, have nearly 32,000 and 12,000 enrollees respectively.
State Auditor Matt Rosendale, whose office oversees Montana's health insurance market, said he has no immediate concern over Montana's co-op.
"Right now they are very strong, and I feel very comfortable," Rosendale said.
But Rosendale, who recently announced a bid for the U.S. Senate, said the millions of dollars in federal loans that co-ops have used as seed money could be better used, and he doubts that the Montana co-op will be able to repay the $85 million in loans it has gotten under the Obama health care law.
Political and financial volatility in the country's health care system has prompted a further surge in premiums. In Montana, all three of the insurance plans participating in the exchange announced hikes in premiums, with Blue Cross Blue Shield of Montana announcing an average increase of 23 percent. PacificSource is looking to bump its premiums by an average of 7.4 percent, while the co-op's premiums are expected to rise on average by 4 percent.
During the heady debates over the Obama administration's health care law in 2010, a so-called public option was supposed to spur competition in the health insurance marketplace. When that effort failed, privately run health insurance co-ops emerged as alternatives.
Co-op administrators like Larry Turney, president of Montana's program, watched in concern as lawmakers in Washington debated the fate of the Affordable Care Act. While that debate has waned, worries persist that wholesale changes could cause membership numbers to plummet, especially if Congress strips away subsidies.
"There would be a lot of uninsured Americans again because members would have to pay their entire premiums," Turney said.
An analysis by the U.S. Government Accountability Office in spring 2016 found co-ops have delivered on their promise of offering lower premiums, with the average premiums for co-op health plans substantially lower than other insurers.
But the analysis noted many of them grew too fast and did not have the necessary reserves to handle the higher-than-expected number of enrollees. As many as 1 million people enrolled in the co-ops before a substantial part of the system began collapsing.
Chuck Butler, one of the founders of Montana's co-op, cited the challenges faced by rural states like Montana in widening access to affordable, quality health care. With few insurance carriers willing to do business in rural states, where the average cost of medical care is higher, the co-op was meant to give Montanans more options.
"The people of Montana deserve choices, and they really didn't have a whole lot of choices," Butler said.
© 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Smart already finds itself in a small niche by selling small city cars in North America, but a new letter reveals that the brand will be entering an even smaller one.
Automotive News obtained a letter from Dietmar Exler, CEO of Mercedes-Benz USA which says the brand will cease sales of gas-powered models by the end of this year, becoming an electric-only brand.
“Developments within the micro-car segment present some challenges for the current Smart product portfolio. Therefore, with the launch of the fourth-generation Smart ForTwo electric drive this summer, the Smart lineup will consist exclusively of the zero-emissions Smart electric-drive coupe and cabrio in the U.S. and Canada,” Exler said in the letter.
Mercedes-Benz spokesman Rob Moran tells Automotive News the plan at the moment is to stop production of the gas model for North American in April and continue sales until all of the models are gone.
Smart has never done well in the U.S. Their best year was in 2014 with 10,453 models sold. Since then, sales have been steadily declining thanks to low gas prices and consumers going towards crossovers. In 2016, Smart only sold 6,211 models.
Source: Automotive News (Subscription Required)
THE phone calls and messages started coming in the hours following the loss of their beloved son, brother, partner and father.
Not just the usual messages of sorrow and condolence, but people who wanted to reach out and share the story of what Bradley Davis had done for them with his grieving family.
From the young people he had mentored and helped through his work to friends and neighbours to whom he had lent a hand and an ear during tough times, the stories provided a balm during the darkest time in the lives of the Davis family.
Bradley lost his life in a crash at Miriam Vale on Monday morning while returning home to Hervey Bay from Rockhampton, where he had been helping youths find the right path.
His father Bob, founder of Susan River's Hard Yakka bootcamp, shared his memories of the 39-year-old, who he said was not just his son but his mate.
A father of three, Bradley was devoted to his partner Bianca and their three children, Baillee, Maddison and Jaxon.
Bob said Bradley had always wanted a loyal partner and a close relationship with his in-laws and he had found that in Bianca and her family.
Brad Davis and his partner Bianca.
"He was very much a family man," Bob said.
Bradley would let his children paint his fingernails and toenails and thought nothing of going down town after their handiwork was done.
In the past few days, Bob has heard from several of the young people Bradley was working with.
The young man who was the last to see Bradley before he began his trip home to the Bay has called and told the family he wants to be at the funeral.
A 16 year old girl told the family that Bradley had helped her through a difficult time in her life.
"He was prepared to help anybody," Bob said.
"He was a character."
Despite his willingness to help others, Bradley wasn't as willing to talk about what he did for other people.
"He never really spoke of that," Bob said.
"He didn't need to boast about it."
Brad Davis at the conclusion of another Operation Hard Yakka bootcamp.
Bob said while he was aware of the many good deeds his son had done, he had been told a lot more about his generosity of spirit since his son passed away.
"He did what he could to help other people.
"He put everyone else first."
Bob said he was proud of the legacy his son had left behind and the lives he had changed.
"He definitely will live on in many people's lives."
Bob said his son's kindness would also live on through his beloved children.
Bradley and his younger brother Matthew grew up in Bundaberg and then the Fraser Coast.
Tight-knit, the two played cricket and rugby league together.
"He was my best mate," Matthew said.
"We were always doing things together. Always side by side."
Matthew said that had carried through into their adult lives.
With both starting families of their own, Bradley was the best man at Matthew's wedding.
"I saw him grow into the great man that he is," he said.
"It's obviously a devastating time.
"It's been a pleasure to have him by my side and see our families grow up."
Matthew said the massive support shown by the community was helping the family cope with their loss.
Bradley's funeral will be held in Hervey Bay on Wednesday from 10am, with the service to take place at J Kirk and Sons on Urraween Rd.
Bob is hoping everyone whose lives were touched by Bradley will come along to say farewell.
"We're going to celebrate his life and what he's done."
A Go Fund Me page has been set up to provide support for Bradley's family.
More than $8000 has been raised so far, with a goal of $15,000.
Bob said the family was blown away by the support, adding that the money would be used to make sure Bradley's children have everything they need.
To make a donation, click here.
By Radio.com Staff
Thomas Rhett's new record will feature a duet with pop star Selena Gomez.
Related: Thomas Rhett and Wife Announce Double Baby Surprise
“I took all of January and made album three, Rhett explains. “We cut 22 songs, which is way too many songs, and I think the next few months is going to be singing all those, getting them all mixed and then trying to narrow down which ones are the keepers.”
In addition to Gomez, the new album features an appearance by Rhett's father Rhett Akins, and Maren Morris, his duet partner on his current single “Craving You.”
Apple has shown a little more of what it's getting done in the self-driving tech world. This week Ruslan Salakhutidinov, the company's director of artificial intelligence (AI), made a presentation in California that highlighted several of the company's machine learning advances.
The presentation, made on Friday during the Neural Information Processing Systems conference in Long Beach, included showcasing technology that identifies and classifies objects including pedestrians and other vehicles, from 3D point cloud information.
Salakhutidinov also revealed a method to track a vehicle's position precisely, known as SLAM (simultaneous location and mapping). His work all-but confirms Apple's entry into the self-driving vehicle industry, one of tech's most hotly contested arms races. CEO Tim Cook recently told Bloomberg that “autonomous systems” were the “mother of all AI projects.”
Apple is not expected to make its own cars. However the firm is committed to creating automated employee shuttle called PAIL, or Palo Alto to Infinite Loop. The iPhone maker's technology will be bolted onto another company's vehicle: an earlier sighting showed a fitted-out Lexus equipped with RADAR and LiDAR units from Silicon Valley-based company Velodyne.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Biopsy Needles Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Medtronic, BD Medical, Boston Scientific, Smith Medical, Argon Medical Devices, Novo Nordisk, Terumo Corporation, NIPRO Medical, B. Braun Melsungen AG, Medsurg, TSK, Hamilton Syringes & Needles, Hi-Tech Medicare Devices.
The report begins with introducing the global Biopsy Needles market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Biopsy Needles report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-biopsy-needles-market/5884/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Biopsy Needles Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Fully Automatic, Semi-Automatic.
Biopsy Needles Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Hospitals, Clinics, Ambulatory Surgical Centres, Other.
Key points in the Biopsy Needles Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-biopsy-needles-market/5884/#inquiry
From all of this Biopsy Needles market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Biopsy Needles market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Biopsy Needles distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
A reader dealing with the strains of a family member suffering from Alzheimer's raised this interesting question:
"Our father always stressed how important it was to tell the truth. Now he has dementia, and my brother says he's been told it's okay to tell white lies so as not to further agitate our father. This makes me really uncomfortable. How can we resolve this?"
When a family member or friend begins to lose their memory and cognitive abilities because of dementia, it can be hard to know the best way to respond. What should you say, for instance, when the person with dementia repeatedly asks about a spouse or child who is no longer alive? How many times can you tell the truth and watch a loved one suffer the same loss again and again? Which is worse: telling a lie, or the harsh truth?
Still Alice
Advertisement
Your brother is describing an approach commonly called therapeutic fibbing, an effective yet controversial strategy, according to the Alzheimer's Association. In a nutshell, it's lying - or not correcting a misconception - to decrease agitation and anxiety in a person with Alzheimer's or dementia.
This is no small problem. An estimated 5.5 million Americans were living with Alzheimer's disease in 2017, reports the Alzheimer's Association.
In New Zealand the frequency of the disease is increasing as the population ages. According to Southern Cross, it is "estimated that the number of New Zealanders living with Alzheimer's disease will reach 70,000 by 2031 (from 28,000 in 2006)."
Elaine Schreiber, 79, is a Wisconsin woman with Alzheimer's.
Not long ago, I spoke with her husband, Martin, a former governor of Wisconsin and the author of "My Two Elaines: Learning, Coping and Surviving as an Alzheimer's Caregiver." He's perhaps the best-known proponent of therapeutic fibbing.
Justifying "therapeutic fibbing"
In a telephone interview, Schrieber, also 79, told me how he justifies this approach. "Elaine repeatedly asks, 'How are my parents?' Early on in her illness, I told her the cold truth, which is that both of them are dead. The shock on her face was so devastating because she worried that she might not have gone to the funerals or said goodbye." Over time (she's been diagnosed for 14 years now), Schreiber says he could clearly see the anxiety that the truth provoked, which is why he started to fib, telling her instead: "Your parents are very, very happy. In fact, your mom is at church."
Schreiber said that there's no benefit in repeatedly trying to correct loved ones and that a fib can actually draw the caregiver closer to the patient. "This is about the importance of joining the world of the person with Alzheimer's," he said.
Before we hung up, Schreiber relayed one last story. Not that many years ago, he says, Elaine told him matter-of-factly, "I'm beginning to love you more than my husband." He didn't correct her, nor did he ask about her "turkey" of a husband. "I just grabbed that moment of joy," he said.
What doctors say about employing white lies
Although doctors and medical ethicists are generally proponents of truth-telling, dementia experts tend to support these kinds of white lies - with certain caveats. "For people who are cognitively impaired to a level where they cannot absorb or process information well enough to understand it, therapeutic fibbing is a way to avoid upsetting them in ways that serve no purpose," said Amy D'Aprix, an ageing and caregiving expert and a developer of the Home Instead Senior Care Alzheimer's CARE Training Program.
But D'Aprix also cautions that caregivers must not justify telling a therapeutic fib in order to avoid difficult or painful conversations. "Once I was asked if a daughter-in-law should tell her mother-in-law, who had dementia, that her son had just died. I said, 'Yes, she deserves to be told, once or maybe twice.' That's because the mom deserved the right to be sad or grieve even if she couldn't retain the information. But more often that, that simply feels cruel."
I wish I had known more about all this after my mother died last year, because my father asked repeatedly - sometimes 10 times within the hour - where she was. I felt I needed to be honest and tell him the truth, and so I did. "Mum passed away, Dad." Each time I could see his face absorb the painful shock.
"Loving deception"
To gain more perspective, I spoke with Jason Karlawish, co-director of the University of Pennsylvania Memory Center. Karlawish prefers calling this approach "loving deception" and says whether or not to lie is about intent, reminding us that "the moral role of the caregiver is to respect the person's sense of identity and self."
He strongly advises that "the default is the truth and that the mere fact that the truth may be painful isn't sufficient to avoid it." Only if the patient cannot process and make sense of a particular truth is it okay to lie. After all, he said, "truth and trust are two important virtues of behaviour that allow us to get on in life."
Karlawish also strongly cautions that there's a big difference between accepting a patient's different sense of reality and mocking it, which he says he has witnessed with some frequency in more than 20 years of practice in this specialty. "You don't make eyes to people around you. You don't snicker. You don't joke that it's 1963 when it's 2018."
D'Aprix is adamant that therapeutic fibbing is not the one-size-fits-all answer. She also recommends that caregivers consider these other strategies:
• Try changing the subject. Instead of lying or getting into an argument, redirect the person to a new topic.
• Empathise. Listen for the emotion driving the patient's behavior and validate it, rather than argue with the facts. For instance, if the person is angry or agitated, acknowledge those feelings as real, which they are, even if the object of their ire is not.
• Don't be forceful. Avoid trying to make patients see things through your eyes. They simply may not be able to do so, and any efforts may lead to greater agitation or suffering.
• Accept their reality. Even when it differs from your own, if your loved one is okay and not in danger, let them be in their own world, D'Aprix counsels.
Hopefully this information will help the reader and his brother come to the same page.
MOSCOW (AP) — Visiting U.S. senators on Wednesday urged Russia not to meddle in the U.S. midterm election in November if it wants to improve strained bilateral ties.
The senators were in Russia as part of a congressional visit taking place two weeks ahead of a summit between the nations' presidents in Helsinki.
Sen. John Thune, a South Dakota Republican, called for a "change in behavior" on the part of Moscow.
"The best way to demonstrate this as we head into the 2018 election is to show the American people and our congress and our administration that the Russians have no intention of messing or playing with the American election," Thune told The Associated Press in an interview.
Advertisement
Richard Shelby, a senator from Alabama who heads the delegation, brought up the topic of alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
"I think it's a given in the United States, in both parties, that Russia tried to meddle and probably did meddle in the election," Shelby told the AP.
Senator Jerry Moran from Kansas said all Russian officials they spoke to denied that. "It was simply a denial on their part that it occurred."
Shelby added, however, that despite deep disagreements, the meeting was a useful step in improving ties.
"We also told them that even though our relationship is strained, it would be better for the world for us to be competitors, always, rather than adversaries. But we'll have to see what happens."
Russia-U.S. ties have been bitterly strained by the fighting in Ukraine, the Syrian war and allegations of election meddling.
For all the hustlers, dreamers, go-getters and more than that doers, motivation comes to them in different forms, either in Intrinsic form or in Extrinsic form or in both the forms.
Talking about motivations coming from Extrinsic sources, I found Candy Crush as one of the best source of inspiration if contemplated minutely.
Take a move to get a reward : You took an action, and got rewarded, another possibility opens – and the loop continues. Same thing you can expect in an Entrepreneurial Journey as well, every action will create some more possibilities for business.
Pattern recognition and converting it into fruitful outcome : Scanning the Candy Crush screen for possible candy matches(providing vision) is much more similar to scanning the business opportunities in terms of potential clients and customers.
Sweet, Delicious, Tasty, Divine: In Candy Crush, every successful move is accompanied by gleaming colors, rollicking music and avouching words like Sweet, Delicious which appeal directly to our reward receptors triggering a pleasing feedback much like applauds, whistles and praises which an entrepreneur earns provides a positive energy.
Boosters/Color Bombers/Combos : Very successful moves will often lead a sequence of subsequent onscreen color matches, which multiply the effect. In Entrepreneurship, good deal with client/customer triggers the same effect and boost up the process.
Illusion of Control : System generated random color bombers/ boosters make players fool many times thinking of a right move leading them to a failure level. Same thing happens if a wrong step is taken in terms of decision making processes in entrepreneurship.
Ask for Help & Offer Help : To complete a tough level or to get an extra life or to reach in next episode, Candy Crush provided a feature to ask friends for help. Similarly, entrepreneurs can't get success without asking for help in their peer groups/ fellow entrepreneurs when needed. Be a giver also, if you help others, it will spread a positive vibe among the community and they will also help you in return when needed.
Keep Going-Chances are more : Got some wrong moves and you failed at any level – no worries, possibilities are immense, try some other moves next time with proper scanning of the opportunities. In case ended up with life, again no worries, take some rest and you will get recharged with more life/more energy. Successful Entrepreneurs enact in a similar manner and they never give up.
Here, I choose candy crush to explain the Extrinsic motivation, compared it to entrepreneurship. And the reason is simple, candy crush is a game of observation and so is the entrepreneurship. Based on my observations, I penned the above analogy, comment below your observations.
LENI Robredo is practically politically dead, and the latest SWS survey has shown this. Her net satisfaction rating shed 11 points.
And you do not have to believe scientific surveys. All you need to do is to look at the angry faces that merrily float on the screen everytime her face shows up.
Teddy Baguilat, her party-mate, in response to her steep decline in net satisfaction ratings, tweeted on Holy Tuesday, April 11, a biblical explanation. “Ika nga sa bible [as the bible said], the prophet (who bears truth) is sometimes not welcome in his hometown. Kaya [this is why]VP Leni's ratings have gone down.”
Some devout Catholics have criticized the timing of President Duterte's visit to Muslim-dominated countries, namely the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the Kingdom of Bahrain and the State of Qatar, at a time when Filipinos were commemorating the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ. Some painted the visit as a gross disrespect of our Catholic faith.
Yet, these people have not taken Teddy Baguilat to task for what can be considered as blasphemy, where he likened Leni Robredo to a prophet being persecuted even by her own people. They did not question the timing of Teddy's tweet, that of all days he has to deify his embattled Vice President three days before Catholics and other Christians commemorate the crucifixion of Christ.
What is problematic is the ease by which people can appropriate religion to provide justification for acts of preferred political personalities, even as religion has been used to diminish or silence the politics of others. And in the Philippines, what is even more discomfiting is the manner by which a secular state such as ours has allowed Roman Catholicism to influence the direction of our political discourse.
It has always been said that the Philippines is the only Catholic country in Asia.
This lie has been repeatedly stated over and over again, effectively blindsiding the intent of the Constitution that installed a state that is separate from any religion. It is a constitution that bars the state from discriminating against people based on faith. Yet, we have seen how our government has privileged Roman Catholicism as the dominant religion. To privilege one is to discriminate against the others, particularly the religious minorities. In fact, if at all, the state has a duty to protect their rights over the dictates of the Catholic majority.
However, the state fails to protect the rights of the minority when we have laws that are crafted not on the sheer logic of secular demands, but are constrained by religious considerations. There was a time in our history when the writings of Jose Rizal were banned from schools simply because he was seen as a heretic by the Catholic Church. When a law was proposed requiring the inclusion of a course on Rizal in the curriculum, the Catholic Church opposed it.
The Reproductive Health Law was strongly opposed by the Church on the grounds that it was an affront to the tenets of the faith.
Even the President seemed to have bought into this line of thinking when he declared that he could no longer support same-sex marriages, something which he promised during the campaign, on the ground that we are a Catholic country.
And the use of religion to discriminate does not favor only the Catholics. Bigamy is a crime, but not for men who are followers of Islam.
One needs to realize that the Philippines is not a theocracy. Its secular nature bars us from privileging any particular religion in the conduct of our civic affairs. The deployment of Roman Catholicism as a principal logic that inhabits our political discourse is a gross violation of the very nature of our state.
What aggravates the use of religion is when it becomes a weapon that can be deployed selectively by partisans, such as when noise is generated to chastise the President's visit to Islamic states during Lent, even as there is silence when Teddy Baguilat deified Leni Robredo by likening her to a persecuted prophet.
One can condemn this column today as an ill-timed heretic discourse coming just after we have celebrated the resurrection of Christ.
However, belief in the resurrection does not mean closing democratic spaces or silencing the minority and the dissenters. It is about having a faith that is unassailable even in a plurality of voices. A secular state that celebrates pluralism of beliefs, religious or otherwise, is not a threat to a faith that is cemented by belief in the resurrection of Christ as savior and Lord. A law that would allow divorce, or for same-sex couples to marry, could not assault the faith that is firmly held by believers deep in their hearts. After all, even persecution by Rome did not stop the early Christians from propagating their faith.
But more importantly, this column serves as a litmus test for your politics vis-à-vis your faith. If you are uncomfortable with it, it can only mean that you really do not truly understand the freedoms we owe to the fact that the Philippines is a secular state, and not a theocracy.
SINGAPORE: Three young Britons pleaded guilty Monday to sexually assaulting a drunken Malaysian woman during a stag party in Singapore and may now face long prison terms and caning. Khong Tam Thanh, Le Michael and Vu Thai Son, all in their 20s, were originally charged with rape but admitted the lesser offense of sexual assault at the city-state's High Court after a four-day trial. The men, British citizens of Vietnamese origin, will be sentenced on Tuesday. Sexual assault carries a penalty of up to 10 years jail and caning, a punishment that dates back to British colonial rule. The three were in Singapore in September as part of a group of nine for a bachelor party, and attended an electronic music festival called Ultra Singapore.
AFP
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Major plans to build a £10million gym and health and fitness club at a water attraction less than ONE HOUR from Birmingham have been approved.
Businessman Mo Chaudry - known from the Secret Millionaire, on Channel 4 - is to move his M Club gym and spa to WaterWorld, in Stoke-on-Trent.
The expansion to the tropical aqua park will be built on top of the existing buildings and on land to the north of the complex.
The expansion of the Waterworld complex will see the new build of a purpose built 60,000 sq/ft leisure development alongside the existing aqua theme park.
Details of the plans will include a new M Club Spa & Fitness Club, a new trampoline park, new water rides and attractions and the arrival of an indoor adventure golf concept called Adventure Mini Island Golf.
The expansion plans will create a further 100 jobs in addition to the current 200 people employed currently.
It will boast a 25-metre swimming pool, a family pool, plunge pool, hot tub, sauna, hydrotherapy pool, steam room, bar, kitchen, and changing rooms on the ground floor and a gym, studio, spinning room, 50-metre track, and an open plan trampoline area on the first floor.
There will also be a jogging trail which will lead from the complex to the Trent and Mersey Canal.
And there will be 84 free car parking spaces for customers.
Commenting on the announcement, Chairman of Waterworld Group Mo Chaudry said: “I am delighted that we are able to move forward with our exciting and ambitious plans for Waterworld Group continuing to make Waterworld one of the most successful and popular aqua theme park attractions in the UK and developing the site as a Leisure World.
"I am particularly excited that we will also be able to bring Adventure Mini Island Golf to the Waterworld site giving another exciting leisure concept to our customers.”
Harley-Davidson Inc.'s chief executive officer said he may have kept a plant open in Missouri if the U.S. had stayed in the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the free-trade agreement that President Donald Trump withdrew from last year.
The motorcycle maker's decision to shutter its factory in Kansas City and build a plant in Thailand was the “Plan B” that Harley turned to after the U.S. abandoned a trade pact with a bloc of 11 countries mostly in Asia, CEO Matt Levatich said in a phone interview.
“We would rather not make the investment in that facility, but that's what's necessary to access a very important market,” Levatich said of the Thailand plans. “It is a direct example of how trade policies could help this company, but we have to get on with our work to grow the business by any means possible, and that's what we're doing.”
Harley will cut about 260 jobs as it shifts production from Missouri to its factory in York, Pennsylvania, amid a deepening U.S. demand slump. The Milwaukee-based company expects to start making motorcycles at a new manufacturing facility in Thailand later this year to circumvent what Levatich called “unbelievable trade and tariff barriers” in “critical” Southeast Asian markets.
The Thailand plant will allow Harley-Davidson to price its motorcycles more competitively in the region and still stimulate growth for its U.S. supply chain, Levatich said.
Trump's Wavering
Trump, who pulled the U.S. out of the TPP last year, recently directed U.S. officials to explore returning to the pact that's since been renamed the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership, or CPTPP.
While Trump's reported comments were welcomed by members of the trade bloc, ministers from countries including Japan, Australia and Malaysia said they opposed renegotiation of the deal to accommodate the U.S. should it decide to rejoin at a later date.
The president then tweeted last week that he was still opposed to joining and preferred bilateral trade agreements.
Pacific Trade Deal Is a Big Deal, With U.S. or Not: QuickTake
“We were very optimistic about what the TPP would enable for Harley-Davidson,” Levatich said. “It took seven years for it to come to fruition. We could see the writing on the wall, and we got busy with Plan B.”
Court: Questioning of Bullock's accused stalker unlawful
hello
FILE - This Oct. 26, 2015 file photo shows actress Sandra Bullock arrives at the premiere of "Our Brand is Crisis" in Los Angeles. A California appeals court ruled Tuesday, Feb. 14, 2016, that Los Angeles police detectives violated the rights of Joshua James Corbett, who was arrested in June 2014 inside Bullock's home, when they questioned him about guns he owned after he invoked his right to remain silent. The unanimous ruling by three appeals court judges also found that police did not have valid permission to search Corbett's home for several guns he owned; the search turned up illegal automatic weapons and became the basis for several weapons charges. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Associated Press
LOS ANGELES -- An appeals court says Los Angeles police violated the rights of a man arrested inside Sandra Bullock's home when they obtained his consent to search his home and recovered illegal automatic firearms.
The 2nd District Court of Appeal ruled Tuesday that police detectives violated Joshua James Corbett's rights to remain silent during a police interrogation, and his right against an unlawful search of his home. Corbett was arrested in June 2014 inside Bullock's home, and he has been charged with felony stalking.
Corbett was unarmed at the Oscar winner's home, but police later found several automatic weapons and illegal tracer ammunition in his home.
A Los Angeles Superior Court judge threw out evidence supporting the weapons charges last year after determining Corbett didn't give officers permission to search his home.
Fragmentation is one of the major issues plaguing Android. Different devices receive their updates at widely varying times, making it frustrating for enthusiasts to try and keep up when their own device cannot be updated until months after an official release is made.
For owners of Android Wear smartwatches, Google has revealed that a large number of the devices will be receiving the Android Wear 8.0 update, better known as Oreo. Currently, only five models of smartwatch running on Android Wear are capable of running the newest version of software.
The latest version of Android Wear adds a few useful features in addition to bringing optimizations for improved battery life. Adjustable vibration intensity for notifications and a Touch Lock feature to disable the touchscreen in wet environments are a welcome addition. For international users, Oreo will add support for seven new countries and additional languages.
Smartwatches running Android Wear Oreo (8.0)
Fossil Q Venture
LG Watch Sport
Louis Vuitton Tambour
Michael Kors Sofie
Montblanc Summit
Chances are that unless you're a fashion connoisseur, you do not own three out of the five watches that can run the newest version of Android. A good number of watches that will be receiving the latest upgrade are high-end fashion brands, but there are also plenty of more affordable options from Fossil, LG, Casio, Huawei, and ZTE.
Unfortunately for current Android Wear owners, devices with a Snapdragon 400 seem to be absent from the list. Huawei's original watch, the second generation Moto 360 and 360 Sport, as well as the Asus ZenWatch 3 are all notably missing.
Smartwatches to receive Android Wear Oreo Update
Casio PRO TREK Smart WSD-F20
Casio WSD-F10 Smart Outdoor Watch
Diesel Full Guard
Emporio Armani Connected
Fossil Q Control
Fossil Q Explorist
Fossil Q Founder 2.0
Fossil Q Marshal
Fossil Q Wander
Gc Connect
Guess Connect
Huawei Watch 2
Hugo BOSS BOSS Touch
LG Watch Style
Michael Kors Access Bradshaw
Michael Kors Access Dylan
Michael Kors Access Grayson
MIsfit Vapor
Mobvoi Ticwatch S & E
Movado Connect
Nixon Mission
Polar M600
TAG Heuer Tag Connected Modular 45
Tommy Hilfiger 24/7 You
ZTE Quartz
WASHINGTON: The White House battled Tuesday to insulate Donald Trump from a scandal over his top aide's contacts with Russia, as it emerged that the president was aware of the problem for weeks before acting.
With calls for an independent investigation gathering pace, the White House admitted that Trump was told three weeks ago that national security advisor Michael Flynn may have misled colleagues about his Kremlin contacts.
The retired three-star general and former head of US defense intelligence initially denied discussing sanctions strategy with Russia's ambassador Sergey Kislyak before taking office.
That could have breached US law on negotiating with foreign powers, and at minimum was a significant break with the norm that incoming administrations accept the US has “one government at a time.”
Flynn was asked to resign on Monday, after what the White House said were weeks of internal investigation that turned up no evidence of wrongdoing but “eroded” trust.
The White House had painted Trump's final decision as based on Flynn having misled Vice President Mike Pence.
But it emerged Tuesday that Trump kept his deputy, who publicly defended Flynn and repeated his claims, in the dark for two weeks.
“The Vice President became aware of incomplete information that he had received on February 9, last Thursday night, based on media accounts,” said spokesman Marc Lotter.
Flynn is the third Trump aide to step back amid questions about his ties to Russia since the mogul began his improbable White House bid.
His departure follows those of election campaign manager Paul Manafort and Carter Page, an early foreign policy advisor to the candidate.
The unprecedented early resignation of a key member of staff has rocked an administration already buffeted by leaks, infighting and legal defeats.
Amid the tumult, the White House denied that Trump had instructed Flynn to discuss the possibility that Obama-era sanctions would be rolled back.
“No, absolutely not. No, no, no,” said White House spokesman Sean Spicer, when asked whether such a conversation took place.
‘Eroding trust'
When first informed, on January 26, that Flynn may have made misleading statements about his talks with Russia's envoy, Spicer said the president “instinctively thought that General Flynn did not do anything wrong.”
“The White House counsel's review corroborated that,” Spicer said, and “determined that there is not an illegal issue, but rather a trust issue.”
“The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable instances is what led the president to ask for General Flynn's resignation.”
Trump took to Twitter to insist that “The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington?”
The White House also insisted that Trump — despite repeatedly professing admiration for Vladimir Putin and suggesting sanctions could be lifted — “has been incredibly tough on Russia.”
In a new hardening of the US line on Russia, Spicer added that “President Trump has made it very clear he expects the Russian government to de-escalate violence in Ukraine and return Crimea.”
The State Department meanwhile expressed concern that Russia is in breach of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty, after reports that Moscow had deployed an operational ground-launched cruise missile unit.
Inquiries and missteps
The White House's efforts are likely to do little to assuage concerns on Capitol Hill about Russia's influence in US politics.
Republicans and Democrats in Congress have now called for an investigation into what occurred, although they differ sharply on the scope and powers.
“This. Is. Not. Normal.” said Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren, insisting “Trump owes Americans a full account” of his administration's dealings with Moscow before and after the 2016 election.
The US Senate's top Republican Mitch McConnell said it was “highly likely” that Flynn would have to testify before an intelligence panel, potentially heaping pressure on Trump.
The New York Times also reported that the FBI had interviewed Flynn on his calls with the Russian diplomat days into his job.
The CIA, FBI and other intelligence agencies have already investigated Moscow's influence over the 2016 vote, concluding the Kremlin tried to sway it in Trump's favor.
Various committees in the Republican-controlled Congress are looking into Russia's election-related hacking and the Trump campaign's links to Moscow.
Until quitting, Flynn had been instrumental in Trump's inner circle.
He was an early supporter of his improbable bid for the presidency and had encouraged tougher policies on Iran and a softer line on Russia.
That was a sharp break from the Obama administration, which introduced sanctions over Moscow's annexation of Ukraine's Crimea, support for separatists in eastern Ukraine, and what US intelligence says were its attempts to sway last year's election in Trump's favor.
Washington and Moscow had also clashed over alleged war crimes in Syria, where Russia is accused of aiding the bombing of hospitals and other civilian targets. Despite this, Flynn had argued for rapprochement.
After Flynn quit, the White House said Trump had named retired lieutenant general Keith Kellogg, a decorated Vietnam war veteran and a director on the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to be interim national security advisor.
Potential permanent replacements reportedly include three retired military brass: Kellogg; retired general and former CIA director David Petraeus; and former vice admiral Robert Harward.
Spicer said Trump hoped to make the new appointment by the end of the week. AFP
AFP/CC
PRISTINA Germany's foreign minister Sigmar Gabriel urged the European Union on Thursday to support infrastructure projects in the Western Balkans and told Kosovo it needed to improve relations with Serbia to advance its bid to join the EU.
Gabriel, who spoke after meeting Kosovan Prime Minister Isa Mustafa, also urged the parliament in Pristina to finalise a border deal with Montenegro to unlock a visa liberalisation agreement, saying the two countries were not really that far apart.
The opposition party opposes the border deal, however, and it is unclear if it would win the necessary two-thirds support.
Gabriel, a former economics minister, told a joint news conference that the EU could do "significantly more" to support Kosovo and other Western Balkan countries as they worked to fulfil the EU's strict criteria for membership.
Nearly two decades after the Kosovo war, relations between Serbia and the ethnic Albanian-majority government in Kosovo remain strained. Serbia continues to regard Kosovo, which declared independence in 2008, as a renegade province.
"It will cost money, yes, but it would be relatively inexpensive compared to the alternative, which is a rekindling of the old tensions in the region," Gabriel said.
"It would be smart of Europe to insist that all the criteria of EU membership be met, but also to do more ... to improve the living conditions of the people here so they don't lose their faith in Europe," he said.
At the same time, he said it was imperative for Kosovo, Serbia and other countries to work to improve relations among themselves and build the trust needed for future EU membership.
"In the end they will only get into the EU if they trust each other," he said.
Gabriel gave a similar message to Serbia on Wednesday, telling it that Germany supported it on its path to EU membership but that it must work on reforms and mend fences with Kosovo.
Mustafa said Kosovo remained grateful for Germany's support. He said his country was moving to implement agreements already made with Serbia to try to normalise relations.
"We believe that the dialog produced the results to deescalate the relations between Kosovo and Serbia," he said.
He also underscored Kosovo's continued interest in building a national army, but said it should be done with the support of the NATO alliance, the EU and the United States.
"Kosovo will and should have its army," Mustafa said.
Kosovo bowed last week to pressure from traditional allies the United States and NATO by delaying plans to establish an army strongly opposed by the country's minority Serbs.
Gabriel said it was important that any army plans should be coordinated with the Serb minority.
(Editing by Hugh Lawson)
TEMPE, Ariz. (AP) — The Latest on the pedestrian death involving a self-driving vehicle in Tempe (all times local):
10:35 a.m.
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles.
The self-driving testing has been taking place in Phoenix, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
Advertisement
Automakers and tech companies are competing to be first with the technology.
Police in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian on Sunday night.
Investigators say the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
The woman died of her injuries at a hospital.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
10:15 a.m.
Police in a Phoenix suburb say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian.
Police in the city of Tempe said Monday that the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
Sgt. Ronald Elcock says in an email that the crash happened overnight but did not say whether it occurred Sunday night or Monday morning.
The woman died of her injuries at a hospital and her name was not made public.
Uber has been testing the self-driving vehicles in Tempe and Phoenix for months.
Uber says on Twitter that it is "fully cooperating" with the investigation and expressed condolences to the family of the victim.
Pensioner jailed for abusing boy on North Wales fishing trip
A pensioner, who's already in prison for child abuse, has been sentenced to an additional three years and four months for sex offences against a boy in North Wales.
Terrence Cadman, 67, formerly from Bangor, abused the boy between 2002 and 2004.
Judge Niclas Parry was told that Cadman had taken his victim, then aged 15 and 16, on fishing trips and plied him with gifts but threatened him that if he told anyone he would never be seen again.
The judge said it was a shocking case involving the grooming of a vulnerable boy in a two-year period.
Twenty years before he had committed offences against three boys.
Cadman was due for release from the 15-year sentence in August 2022 but now he will have to serve the extra term.
His barrister told Caernarfon Crown Court that Cadman was "remorseful but expecting to spend the rest of his life in prison".
A Sexual Harm Prevention Order bans Cadman from any contact with his victim or unsupervised contact with any child under 18.
Detective Constable Matthew Corkish of North Wales Police said: "Terrence Cadman has exploited one of the most vulnerable members of society.
"I hope his sentence today goes some way to address that and provides his victim with a sense of justice and allows them to move on.
"His sentence also reflects the seriousness in which offences of this nature, no matter when and where they were committed, are investigated.
"I would reassure victims of similar unreported crimes to have confidence in North Wales Police in taking your complaint seriously."
Support is available in North Wales through the confidential Amethyst Sexual Abuse Referral Centre on 0808 156 3658.
Kimi Raikkonen has filed a police complaint in Montreal, alleging a local woman is harassing and blackmailing him.
According to La Presse newspaper, the woman in her 20s claims she was working in the Montreal bar Velvet Speakeasy in 2016 when the Ferrari driver groped her.
"He learned over, slipped his hand into my dress and grabbed my breast," she claims.
"One of his friends slipped his hand into my panties and touched my genitals," she added.
She did not make a complaint.
But a few weeks ago, the alleged victim's lawyers wrote to the legal team representing Raikkonen in Canada.
"Our client denies everything and considers that what the woman has done is illegal," a lawyer representing Raikkonen in Montreal said.
And the woman's lawyer said: "Faced with allegations of this nature, we're obviously shocked and disturbed that this is the response."
As for the claims the woman asked for money, her lawyer said it was "a little more graceful" than that.
"What we were looking for was an opportunity to sit down and come to terms with what happened to my client."
League Two: Luton Town 1 Exeter City 0
Luton Town bounced back in fine style from Tuesday night's 3-2 defeat against Wycombe by picking up an absolutely crucial victory against fellow promotion chasers Exeter City this afternoon.
Although it might not have had the amount of goals that home fans have had the luxury of witnessing at times this season, make no mistake, this was one of Hatters' best displays, especially first half, in recent matches, as they were by far the better team throughout.
In fact the only criticism that could be levelled at the hosts was that they weren't out of sight in the closing stages, as despite dominating possession and territory, a lack of composure in the final third meant an unusually poor City were still in the contest.
However, they barely tested home keeper Marek Stech, who kept one of his most comfortable clean sheets from the 15 racked up now this term, as they fell 12 points behind, albeit it still with two games in hand.
Hatters boss Nathan Jones handed debuts to two deadline day signings in Flynn Downes and Jake Jervis, while Harry Cornick came back in, with injured duo Johnny Mullins and Elliot Lee out, Andrew Shinnie dropping to the bench, where leading scorer Danny Hylton gave Luton a real boost by being fit enough to join him.
A bright start saw Downes take the ball off Rea, who dropped into central defence, look up and find Cornick. He spun his man cleverly and unleashed a fierce left-footer from 18 yards that crashed against the post.
Jervis was quick to show his pace, setting off on a counter attack and trying his luck from 20 yards, not getting the required bend to find the net.
Town stayed in the ascendancy, something they hadn't done in midweek, Potts' first time cross headed out to Jervis who scuffed wide, as he then hooked an awkward volley over, Cornick also not picking his head up with the unmarked Berry screaming for the pass.
Hiram Boateng made Stech at least get his top dirty from range, while Rea produced a superb block from Kyle Edwards as Luton were caught short on the right hand side.
Town were inches away on 28 minutes, Collins picked out by Cornick and his deflected cross-shot beat Pym only to clip the top of the bar.
There was no let up in Hatters' sustained attacks though, the hosts having shouts for a penalty turned down when Daniel Seaborne fell on the ball in the box, Jack Stacey sending the rebound into orbit.
However, Luton were ahead and deservedly so on 38 minutes as Berry fed Potts who nipped between a gap in the visitors defence, teeing up Cornick on the edge of the box, his shot taking a wicked deflection off Jordan Storey to wrong foot Pym.
Lee looked for an instant second, drilling an effort that Pym parried away to safety.
Although comfortably on top, Hatters needed to be wary after the interval, as they had been second best in their opening 45 minutes at St James' Park back in August, only to then blitz their opponents with three goals in 10 minutes.
To be fair, that never looked remotely likely repeating itself for the Grecians, Jervis demonstrating once more he was not afraid to chance his arm, wide once more.
Town still kept a tight leash on their opponents, Downes winning more than one fine challenge and showing a lovely array of passing, keeping things simple to regularly find his man and keep his team on the front foot.
Berry looked to extend Town's lead, narrowly missing the near post from 20 yards while he was then left all alone to meet Alan Sheehan's corner, heading into the ground and straight at Pym.
Still Exeter had nothing going forward as Sheehan made sure that former Town striker Jayden Stockley, who had caused Luton such problems earlier in the campaign, was to have a fruitless afternoon, never allowing him a second on the ball.
Hylton came on for Jervis with 12 minutes to go, combining with Collins for the latter to send a curler just wide and then heading over the top from a set-piece himself.
Lloyd Jones came on for his debut in the closing stages with Cornick cramping up, as Luton switched to three centre halves for the final five minutes.
City had the ball in the net though Liam McAlinden, as they looked to have rescued an unlikely point, but it was rightly ruled out for a clear foul on Stech.
The Town stopper was called upon for one final save, showing good handling to stop Kane Wilson's bouncing drive, while when Boateng shot wastefully over, that was that.
Wins for Wycombe and Notts County meant the top three stayed the same, but Luton did move 10 points clear of fourth, that berth now taken by Mansfield Town.
Hatters: Marek Stech, Jack Stacey, Dan Potts, Glen Rea, Alan Sheehan (C), Glen Rea, Flynn Downes, Olly Lee, Luke Berry, Harry Cornick (Lloyd Jones 83), James Collins, Jake Jervis (Danny Hylton 77).
Subs not used: James Shea, James Justin, Andrew Shinnie, Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu, Lawson D'Ath.
City: Christy Pym, Lloyd James (Lee Holmes 55), Jordan Tillson, Jayden Stockley, Daniel Seaborne (Liam McAlinden 71), Dean Moxey, Kane Wilson, Jake Taylor (C), Kyle Edwards (Robbie Simpson 85), Jordan Storey, Hiram Boateng.
Subs not used: Pierce Sweeney, Paul Jones, Matt Jay, Alex Byrne.
Referee: Andy Woolmer.
Attendance: 8,788 (464 Exeter).
Hatters MOM: Flynn Downes – belied his age with a tremendous debut.
Our four-legged friends have struck it lucky in Mosgiel because of a local vet called Verona Mitchell.
You see, she gives hours of her time for free so that her precious patients can have a better life.
Those who work with Verona know the financial sacrifices she makes.
So ASB and Seven Sharp decided it was give back to Verona.
Mumbai June 14, 2017: BTVi – Business Television India, India's Premier English Business News Channel is coming up with a new edition of ‘Women Mean Business'. The show will exclusively feature powerful women role models who are leaders in their respective domains.
The prime focus of this show and its subjects are reaffirming and addressing women empowerment, providing viewer's a revolutionary perspective of women's achievements in different verticals. Through this show, the channel aims to bring women thought leaders under one platform, celebrating their success stories thereby motivating the millennial.
Commenting on the new show, Ms. Monica Tata, COO, BTVi said, “We at BTVi believe in empowering women through various platforms. In the past, the show has effectively shared stories of some incredibly hardworking women who have been an inspiration for millions. We are glad to be back with a new season. This time, we are aiming at taking it a notch ahead by delving into matters of higher significance and seek insights on the success of these women.”
Most awaited second season of ‘Women Mean Business' is starting from 17th June 2017 and will air on BTVi on every Saturday at 8:00 PM.
The guests on the show will range from the Media baron to Renowned Restaurateur, from award winning Gemologist and Jewelry Designer to Globally acclaimed artist, Talking to them and capturing their personal and professional lives with their extraordinary journey with high-impact and fast-paced agendas will be BTVi's Ms. Fatima Mahdi Karan, consulting editor of the channel.
The guest list of the second season of the show includes:
• Media Baroness- Ms. Shobhana Bhartia, Chairperson and editorial director of The Hindustan Times Group
• First Female president of the CII- Ms. Shobana Kamineni, President, Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) And Executive Vice Chair Person Of The Apollo Hospitals Enterprise kLtd
• Leading scientist at the helm of a pharma empire- Dr. Swati Piramal, Vice chairperson of Piramal Enterprises Ltd
• Path breaking diva of gastronomic innovation-Ms. Ritu Dalmia, Celebrity Chef and Restaurateur and author and co- founder of diva and Riga food
• India's queen of contemporary art- Ms. Bharti Kher, Award Winning and Record Breaking Multimedia Artist
• She doesn't love but lives to design- Ms. Farah Khan Ali, Farah khan fine Jewellery and celebrity jeweller and gemologist
• Ms. Pinky Anand, Additional Solicitor General of India at the Supreme Court of India and spokesperson and all India in charge legal cell, BJP
Tune into BTVi on June 17, 2017 at 8 pm and repeat on Saturday, 10 pm to know more about the lives of these sheroes.
About Business Television India:
India's premier English Business News Channel providing best in class business news coupled with highly proficient and engaging content, in partnership with Reuters, the world's largest international multimedia news provider, to bring financial and business news from across the globe to Indian viewers.
MIAMI (WSVN) - A Miami-Dade police officer, who is also the president of the Fraternal Order of Police, is in court after a woman accused him of stalking her.
Claudia Castillo said a Miami-Dade police officer crossed the line, and she recorded video of him speeding before pulling him over. Her video of her chastising him for it went viral when she posted it online, early last year. That video then made national headlines.
Then, the president of the Fraternal Order of Police, Javier Ortiz, shared her private information online.
He posted several things on social media about Castillo, including her personal information on a business card and captioned it, “Feel free to call Claudia Castillo at her cell and let her know drinking and driving on a boat isn't safe,” it said. “It's important that law enforcement is aware of this woman.”
Castillo was since granted a temporary restraining order against Ortiz.
Castillo said that in March, she felt threatened by him when she testified before a civilian panel about her complaint against Ortiz. She claims that she's been living in fear.
“Looking over my shoulder, wondering which police officers are gonna be the good cops and which ones were gonna be the bad cops that might be upset about what I posted because Lieutenant Ortiz had put a target on my back,” Castillo said in court.
Attorneys for Ortiz said she has no reason to be afraid and that he is not a threat. Castillo, however, said she still wants that permanent restraining order.
A judge is in the process of hearing from witnesses before making a decision.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Wrexham AFC's ‘King of the Kop' has died.
Ian ‘Jacko' Roberts, main singer in the Kop for many years, and later the Glyndwr University Stand, has died at the age of 55 after a long battle with cancer.
Jacko, from Acrefair, was a passionate Reds fan known among supporters for his voice and enthusiasm on the terraces.
And in a fitting nod to his memory, the Racecourse will rise as one in the 55th minute of Wrexham's game against Eastleigh tomorrow, to recognise Jacko, also a member of the Froncysyllte Male Voice Choir, with a minute of applause.
Club director John Mills led the tributes.
He said: “It is with great sadness that we hear of the passing of Ian ‘Jacko' Roberts, a legendary Wrexham AFC fan, but above beyond that, a well-loved and respected friend.
”Jacko was the epitome of loyalty and support of his beloved football team, following them all over the country, and whereever he was, you knew he was there, his would be the first voice you'd hear, starting, leading, and cajoling, until everyone was singing along with him.
”For many, he was ‘King of the Kop', the first influence of many who follow the club, and it shows his standing in his chosen community that young fans who have never even experienced the Kop being open know of him.
”His enthusiasm, commitment and sheer love of life will remain an inspiration to everyone who knew him, know of him, and will follow in his sadly missed steps. RIP Jacko, you'll always be with us.”
A true lifelong supporter, Jacko began his battle in 2013 when he was diagnosed with throat cancer. He missed a lot of games around that time due to ill health and the Racecourse didn't feel the same on match day without him bellowing out a rendition of “Wrexham Lager.”
He made his comeback at the 150th year anniversary game against Grimsby Town in October 2014 and had been attending games since in between his treatments.
A club spokesman said: “All of us here at Wrexham Football Club are extremely saddened to hear about the passing of Ian “Jacko” Roberts at the age of 55.
”His voice is Wrexham and it always will be. Even during the most drab encounter on the field, his voice and enthusiasm for the club could instantly lift the atmosphere and mood.
”Jacko was a kind and gentle man behind all of the singing and will be severely missed by us all here at the club.
”Rest easy Jacko - Forever Red and White. We'll miss you.”
A suspected serial bomber has struck again in Austin, Texas, after the city was hit by its fourth explosion this month.
The new blast, which left two people in hospital, was triggered by a tripwire and demonstrated what police said was a “higher level of sophistication” than the package bombs used in the previous three attacks.
Two men in their 20s are in a stable condition after they were injured by an explosion as they walked along a street on Sunday night. Three earlier bombings, starting on March 2, have left two people dead and two others injured.
Austin police chief Brian Manley said: “We are clearly dealing with what we believe to be a serial bomber at this point, based on the similarities between now what is the fourth device” and the previous ones.
He said investigators have yet to establish a motive.
“Is this terrorism? Is this hate-related?” Mr Manley asked.
He said investigators will “have to determine if we see a specific ideology behind this”.
Mr Manley said the blast involved a tripwire, unlike the first three attacks, in which package bombs were left on people's doorsteps. That represents a “significant change”, in that the previous bombings appeared targeted, while the latest one would have hurt any random person walking by.
The device this time entailed “a higher level of sophistication, a higher level of skill”, the police chief said.
Sunday night's explosion happened in the south-western Austin area of Travis Country. That is far from the sites of the earlier bombings, which occurred over two weeks in residential neighbourhoods east of the Interstate 35 road.
The two injured men, who were aged 22 and 23, are white, unlike the victims in the earlier blasts, who were black or Hispanic.
Mr Manley warned people not to touch suspicious bags, boxes or backpacks, especially if they have wires protruding.
Mayor Steve Adler said the latest explosion would only raise anxieties in the city.
“That concern is legitimate and real,” Mr Adler said, adding that residents should be reassured by the massive police response to the attacks. Hundreds of federal agents are also investigating, along with Austin police.
“That anxiousness is going to continue until we can find the answer,” Mr Adler said.
The latest explosion came hours after authorities raised a reward for information leading to the arrest of whoever is responsible for the first three explosions by 50,000 dollars (€40,500), to 115,000 dollars (€93,200).
The PGA's Dell Technologies Match Play golf tournament is scheduled to begin in Austin on Wednesday, and dozens of the world's top players are set to arrive the day before.
– PA
Share it:
Don't Miss
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Video will play in
Mum stabs herself in chest as she trips over the
Zola accepts the frustration of the fans
Watch Zola confirm his resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
Watch this video again
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City didn't let the grass grow under their feet when it comes to replacing Gianfranco Zola.
The little Italian's seat in the dugout is still warm, yet Blues have already appointed Harry Redknapp as the new man in charge.
He needs no introduction to anyone, but how have the fans taken the news?
Watch the video above to find out.
A trip to Germany that started with cancelled flights and missed connections only got more horrifying when Merry Cannon return home to Arkansas.
Cannon, 36, was excited to be joining her husband on a business trip to Germany and France, accompanied by her children, aged 1 and 5.
But first their American Airlines flight from Fayetteville, Arkansas, was cancelled because of a broken windshield and they missed their connecting flight in Chicago.
Then their rebooked flight to Chicago sat on the runway for an hour, although the family was bumped to business and first class.
Advertisement
Next, American Airlines told them their seats to Europe "had been given up" and, unable to fly out until 10pm the next day, they had to skip the entire German leg of the trip, fly instead to Brussels, rent a car and drive two hours to Lille, France.
The luggage was lost for five days. Photo / Supplied
But it only got worse: "They lost our luggage for five days," Cannon told news.com.au.
"The night before we were leaving for London to return home, it was delivered at 10.30pm. By then it was comical and my husband joked that at least when we get home we won't have all that laundry to do."
And worse: "[The bag] smelled like something had died. I of course didn't think that was actually the case."
On arriving in Arkansas, Cannon took the bag to American Airlines' customer service desk where she claims the staff member told her the smell may be from the bag getting wet while it sat for days on the runway.
"He thought it was mould, but even said it smelled far worse than that.
"When we returned home, we took the bag to our back porch because the smell was so horrendous. I began to wash the clothes."
And then she saw it: "When I grabbed the clothes is when I saw the rat. I have never screamed and cried so much in my life. I ran inside and began scrubbing my hands and arms. I had touched the things in this bag because American Airlines told me to just wash everything."
Merry Cannon cried and screamed when she saw what had hitched a ride in her luggage. Photo / Supplied
Could it get any worse? Yes, it could.
Later that day, she contacted the US Department of Health for advice.
"I asked if the rat needed to be tested but he said that because we don't even know what country the rat is from they wouldn't even know where to start. I then asked if I should be concerned and he said, 'The biggest concern would be the plague'. That never even entered my mind."
The other main concern was fleas, which carry disease.
"The one positive thing he did tell me was, 'a dead rat is better than a live rat'. You can probably imagine how comforting that was to me. He told me the bag and all the belongings needed to be burned immediately."
After repeated calls to the airline, they agreed to pay her US$1600 ($2250).
"My bag and its belongings totalled US$3217. The whole trip with American Airlines was a bit of a nightmare and the rat in the bag was, for lack of better words, the cherry on top."
News.com.au has contacted American Airlines for comment.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
BERLIN A transition period offered to Britain by the European Union in Brexit negotiating guidelines it issued on Friday is the only way to avoid the talks failing, an ally of German Chancellor Angela Merkel said.
In the guidelines, the EU offered Britain talks this year on a future free trade pact but made clear that London must first agree to the bloc's demands on the terms of Brexit.
The document, seen by Reuters, sets tough conditions for any transition period, insisting Britain must accept many EU rules after any such partial withdrawal.
Detlef Seif, the deputy EU spokesman for Merkel's conservative parliamentary bloc, said there were effectively only 15 months for the negotiations and this was insufficient time to wrap up Britain's exit from the bloc.
"Without transitional provisions, the negotiations would be doomed to failure from the start," Seif told Reuters.
"The proposal provides the necessary room and flexibility to negotiate reasonably and to reach high-quality arrangements," he said of the guidelines, which may be revised before leaders of the remaining 27 EU states endorse them at an April 29 summit.
"The more access to the internal market Britain wants, the greater the trade-off and so the more Britain must submit to EU law," said Seif, warning Britain not to try to divide the bloc by negotiating with individual member states.
"Should this transpire, it would be the end of the EU's good behavior and willingness to compromise, which can clearly be seen in the draft guidelines," he added.
Steffen Seibert, Merkel's spokesman, told reporters on Friday that negotiations about a future free trade deal between Britain and the EU could take place only after the contours of the Brexit divorce talks were clear.
Bavarian premier Horst Seehofer said it was important to quickly establish new parameters for trade with Britain, his state's third biggest European trading partner.
"We must establish a new basis for the relationship in the Brexit negotiations as quickly as possible, and do everything we can to avoid new trade barriers," he wrote in a commentary to be published next week in German magazine vbw-Unternehmermagazin.
(Reporting by Paul Carrel; Editing by Andrew Roche)
Out of all the harrowing storylines in journalist Jeremy Scahill's new film Dirty Wars, the one about Abdulelah Haider Shaye best spotlights the U.S. government's new assault against press freedom.
Shaye is the Yemeni journalist who in 2009 exposed his government's cover-up of a U.S. missile strike that, according to the McClatchy News Service, ended up killing “dozens of civilians, including 14 women and 21 children.” McClatchy notes that for the supposed crime of committing journalism, Shaye was sentenced to five years in prison following a trial that “was widely condemned as a sham” by watchdog groups and experts who noted that the prosecution did not “offer any substantive evidence to support (its) charges.”
What, you might ask, does this have to do with the U.S. government's attitude toward press freedom? That's where Scahill's movie comes in. As the film shows, when international pressure moved the Yemeni government to finally consider pardoning Shaye, President Barack Obama personally intervened, using a phone call with Yemen's leader to halt the journalist's release.
Had this been an isolated incident, it might be easy to write off. But Obama's move to criminalize the reporting of inconvenient facts is sadly emblematic of his administration's larger war against journalism. And, mind you, the word “war” is no overstatement.
As New York Times media correspondent David Carr put it: “If you add up the pulling of news organization phone records (The Associated Press), the tracking of individual reporters (Fox News), and the effort by the current administration to go after sources (seven instances and counting in which a government official has been criminally charged with leaking classified information to the news media), suggesting that there is a war on the press is less hyperbole than simple math.
In this unprecedented global war, Obama has been backed by the combined power of Justice Department prosecutors, FBI surveillance agents, State Department diplomats and, perhaps most troubling of all, a cadre of high-profile Benedict Arnolds within the media itself.
One of them is Meet the Press host David Gregory, who, after saying journalist Glenn Greenwald “aided and abetted” National Security Agency whistleblower Edward Snowden, demanded to know of the reporter: “Why shouldn't you be charged with a crime?” On the same Meet the Press program, NBC's Chuck Todd didn't want to know whether the NSA's surveillance is illegal, but instead demanded to know “how much was (Greenwald) involved in the plot” to expose the NSA's potential crimes. They were subsequently followed up by New York Times business reporter Andrew Ross Sorkin, who, after years of writing hagiography that helped Wall Streeters avoid prosecution, called for Greenwald's arrest.
Not surprisingly, the result of all this is a culture of fear. As the CEO of the Associated Press recently said, there has been a “chilling effect on newsgathering” thanks to an assault that seems “tailor-made to comfort authoritarian regimes that want to suppress their own news media.”
By definition, the consequences of that “chilling effect” will be difficult to see — stories never reported, facts never unearthed and whistles never blown. In cases like Shaye's, there will also be journalists not released from prison.
No doubt, the resulting news vacuum is exactly what the Obama administration wants. After all, even if the White House's version of events is wildly inaccurate, deliberately misleading or completely untrue, such a vacuum allows the official story to become the only story.
That kind of information monopoly is great for Obama, and it is perfectly acceptable to the courtiers and glorified television actors in the Washington press corps who masquerade as real journalists. But it is quite the opposite for a world that desperately needs more independent reporting and assumption-challenging journalism, not less.
— David Sirota is the best-selling author of Back to Our Future: How the 1980s Explain the World We Live In Now and blogs at OpenLeft.com. Contact him at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) , follow him on Twitter: @davidsirota, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are his own.
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
How To Quell Wanderlust Between TripsFive tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It may not feel like it for residents in Birmingham at the moment, but the West Midlands is a good place generally for bin collections.
With the onset of the binmen's strike, some homes are not getting their rubbish picked up for weeks on end at present.
However, generally, authorities in this part of the world are better than the UK average for weekly bin collections.
Five out of the seven councils in the region still have non-recyclable rubbish collected every week, Birmingham Mail analysis shows.
Birmingham, Coventry, Dudley, Sandwell and Solihull are on weekly collections while Walsall and Wolverhampton collect it every other week.
However Coventry is moving to an alternate weekly service later this year.
Walsall and Wolverhampton do still operate weekly pick-ups for people who live in flats and communal properties.
Outside the West Midlands weekly bin collections are now relatively uncommon in England.
Our analysis found at least 66 councils still have weekly rubbish collections whereas at least 212 are now on fortnightly.
Many authorities have moved over to fortnightly collections in recent years, often citing cost cutting and increasing recycling rates as the reasons for making them less frequent.
Often authorities collect non-recyclable rubbish one week and recycling the other.
The remaining weekly councils are a mixture of urban authorities such as Bradford and Southampton and rural ones such as Cornwall and the New Forest.
A few councils, including Oldham and Rochdale, have even moved to collections every three weeks.
TIMMINS -
Eastbound traffic on Algonquin Boulevard is being reduced to one lane at the intersection of Pine Street South.
That's due to the replacement of a manhole cover and structure. Those repairs are expected to begin Monday.
The disruption began Friday and is expected to end Tuesday.
The Central Bank of Yemen has censured the Saudi-led enforcement of a blockade over the Yemeni airspace and the 12-month closure of the country's primary international airport in the country's capital city Sana'a, arguing that such restrictive measures are blocking flights that are bringing in cash and “strangling” the economy.
Governor of Aden-based Central Bank Mansr al-Qaiti, in a strongly worded statement released on Monday, criticized the Saudi-led coalition, which has been pressing with an atrocious aerial bombardment campaign against the impoverished and crisis-stricken Arab nation for more than two years, for banning 13 flights carrying cash to Aden since April, “without justification or clear reason.”
He expressed “deep regret for such impediments,” saying they undermine the bank's daily business and accused the coalition of “strangling the Yemeni economy” and blocking the much “needed liquidity.”
Last year, Yemen's resigned president Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, who has occupied Yemen's southwestern port city of Aden with the help of Riyadh, his loyalists and militia, moved the country's central bank from Sana'a to Aden, creating a growing economic crisis in the country.
Hadi claimed that Houthis, which is in control of large swaths of Yemen, including the capital, looted the bank; an allegation that was categorically rejected by the Houthis, who has been running state affairs and defending the nation against Saudi military campaign over the past two years.
The United Nations has frequently called on Saudi Arabia to immediately lift its “paralyzing” aerial and naval blockade on Yemen.
“The unwarranted restrictions on the flow of commercial and humanitarian goods and services into Yemen and impeding distribution within the country are paralyzing a nation that for far too long has been a victim of war,” Idriss Jazairy, UN special rapporteur on the negative impacts of unilateral coercive measures on the enjoyment of human rights, said in a statement in mid-April.
The Saudi blockade is one of the main causes of the humanitarian catastrophe in Yemen and has disrupted the import and export of food, fuel and medical supplies as well as humanitarian aid, he added.
Last month, the UN announced that more than 17 million people in Yemen are currently food-insecure, of whom 6.8 million are severely food-insecure and in need of immediate aid.
It underscored that Yemen conflict that has left 18.8 million people in need of assistance, including 10.3 million who require immediate assistance to save or sustain their lives.
Saudi Arabia has been incessantly pounding Yemen since March 2015 in an attempt to reinstate Hadi, a staunch ally of Riyadh, and to undermine the Houthi Ansarullah movement. The Riyadh regime has, however, failed to reach its goals despite suffering great expense.
The military aggression has claimed the lives of more than 12,000 people, mostly civilians.
LOS ANGELES, CA - DECEMBER 10: Carson Wentz #11 of the Philadelphia Eagles is escorted off the field at the end of the third quarter during the game against the Los Angeles Rams at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum on December 10, 2017 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Jeff Gross/Getty Images)
LOS ANGELES, CA - DECEMBER 10: Carson Wentz #11 of the Philadelphia Eagles is escorted off the field at the end of the third quarter during the game against the Los Angeles Rams at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum on December 10, 2017 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Jeff Gross/Getty Images)
LOS ANGELES, CA - DECEMBER 10: Carson Wentz #11 of the Philadelphia Eagles is hit by Mark Barron #26 of the Los Angeles Rams during the third quarter of the game. Wentz was later escorted off the field due to a knee injury at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum on December 10, 2017 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Jeff Gross/Getty Images)
LOS ANGELES, CA - DECEMBER 10: Carson Wentz #11 of the Philadelphia Eagles is escorted off the field at the end of the third quarter during the game against the Los Angeles Rams at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum on December 10, 2017 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images)
Carson Wentz #11 of the Philadelphia Eagles is escorted off the field at the end of the third quarter during the game against the Los Angeles Rams at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum on December 10, 2017 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images)
UPDATE 11:15 a.m. Monday: Eagles coach Doug Pederson confirmed the news that all of Philadelphia feared on Monday. He told reporters that quarterback Carson Wentz suffered a torn ACL on Sunday vs. the Rams and will miss the rest of the season.
Eagles coach Doug Pederson says QB Carson Wentz has a torn left ACL, and will miss the remainder of the 2017 season.
ORIGINAL STORY FOLLOWS
Doctors believe Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz, an MVP favorite, tore the ACL in his left knee in Sunday's game against the Los Angeles Rams, sources told the Associated Press.
If an MRI exam confirms the injury, Wentz would almost assuredly be out for the season and the playoffs.
What would that mean for the Dallas Cowboys? Not much.
First, the Eagles beat the Rams 43-35 on Sunday to improve to 11-2 and clinch the NFC East title over Dallas (7-6). There is no ground for the Cowboys to gain over Philly in the division race.
Second, the Cowboys don't play the Eagles until the final game of the season. It was expected the Eagles would rest their starters, unless they needed to clinch homefield advantage (like the Cowboys did last season).
Third, the Eagles play at the Giants next Sunday in New York. They will be a heavy favorite even without Wentz.
Really, all it means is a bittersweet day for Eagles fans and a potential blow to their Super Bowl hopes.
Global IoT Monetization Market: Overview
With the advent of the Internet, everyday devices are now interconnected. Due to the proliferation of the IoT, several offices and homes have become smart –functioning through connected devices. Increased usage of smart devices such as smart phones and tablets is pushing the demand for IoT monetization. It is a trend that is becoming a serious business activity for many and opening doors for future growth.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/iot-monetization-market.html
The IoT monetization market can be segmented on the basis of application into healthcare, building & home automation, retail, agriculture, automotive & transportation, consumer electronics, industrial, energy, and others.
The report presents a broad overview of various factors contributing to the expansion of the global IoT monetization market. It also provides insights into challenges that the market could face over the forecast period. The prevailing trends in overall market operations are also studied in the report in detail.
Global IoT Monetization Market: Trends and Opportunities
The global IoT monetization market is receiving impetus from increased use of smartphones and other connected devices, growing Internet connectivity, and rise in the adoption of cloud platforms. Moreover, encouraging government regulations, heavy demand for dependable energy-efficient systems and improved home security for home & building automation applications, and growing demand for smart devices such as smartphones and tablets are furthering the growth of the market. On the contrary, factors such as shortage of power-efficient devices and absence of common communication standards across platforms are preventing the IoT monetization market's growth.
In terms of application, the automotive & transportation segment is expected to aid in the market's growth. Through connected cars and intelligent transportation systems such as sensors and communication & traffic control technologies, it is easier to support states, towns, and cities globally to meet the rising demand for surface transportation systems. Automotive manufacturers are extensively adopting IoT, which in turn is driving the market for IoT monetization.
Consumer electronics is also emerging as a crucial application segment. The demand for smart consumer electronics is expected to increase with its rising use in building smart offices, smart cities, and smart buildings. The consumer electronics application segment is anticipated to grow during the forecast period due to the growing number of smart appliances that can be connected to smartphones and the Internet.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=19850
Global IoT Monetization Market: Geographical Evaluation
On the basis of geography, the global IoT monetization market can be segmented into Europe, Asia Pacific, North America, and Rest of the world. It is projected that North America will account for a large share in the overall market, and will continue to exhibiting robust growth through the forecast period. In North America, the U.S. is a key contributor to the IoT monetization market. Factors such as presence of several IoT companies in the region and fast adoption of new technology by the masses are driving the market in North America. Several IoT companies present in the U.S. offer a variety of IoT devices for applications in automotive & transportation, industrial, retail, healthcare, consumer electronics, and other sectors.
The other major contributor to the market is Asia Pacific. Recent developments in technology, increased disposable income, high usage of smart phones, and better Internet connectivity are some of the factors positively impacting the market growth in this region.
Global IoT Monetization Market: Vendor Landscape
The report profiles some of the key companies operating in the market. It also offers insights into the threats and opportunities that the companies are projected to witness in the coming years. BM Corp., Intel Corp., Cisco Systems, Inc., PTC, Inc., General Electric Co., Oracle Corp., Google Inc., Microsoft Corp., SAP SE, and Amdocs Ltd, Infosys Ltd., Tata Consultancy Services, and Robert Bosch GmbH are a few of the prominent players functioning in the global IoT monetization market.
The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
April 28 Bank Of Ireland
* Group continues to trade in line with expectations
* Our net interest margin increased by 3bps from 2.27 pct in H2 2016 to 2.30 pct in Q1
* Business income has remained in line with second half of 2016
* New lending in Q1 2017 was in line with our expectations and included a c.30 pct increase in ROI mortgage volumes relative to Q1 2016
* Customer loan volumes were eur 78 billion at end of March 2017
* Asset quality across our loan portfolios has continued to improve during Q1 2017 in line with our expectations
* At end of March 2017, group's fully loaded CET 1 ratio was 12.0 pct, compared to 12.3 pct at end of December 2016
* Group's organic capital generation of c.30bps during quarter was offset by an increase in pension deficit Further company coverage: (Reporting By Padraic Halpin)
CARACAS, March 30 The head of the 34-member Organization of American States accused Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's government of carrying out a "self-coup" on Thursday after the country's Supreme Court took over the functions of the opposition-led Congress.
"The sentences from the Supreme Court ... are the final blows with which the regime subverts the constitutional order of the country and finishes with democracy," said OAS Secretary-General Luis Almagro in a statement. (Writing by Andrew Cawthorne, editing by G Crosse)
Using Google Maps to find your way to public transport is one thing, but once you hop on the bus you're largely flying blind when it comes to finding your stop.
Well, a small but useful update to Google Maps is set to change this once and for all.
Soon the feature will give people guidance and interactive real-time notifications for their journey, so they will know when to get off the bus or train.
These updates will not only appear in the Google Maps app, but will be visible on the Android lock screen to ensure people don't miss any vital information.
Advertisement
Below the popular times chart, there's also a section that helps users plan their visit by offering information on the peak wait times and duration. Photo / File
After searching for transit directions in Google Maps, users will be able to press a "start" button at the bottom the screen that will offer more details about the journey.
The feature will also offer live updates, including reminders to get off your bus or train when you are almost at your stop.
According to TechCrunch, this update will make using Maps for transit directions similar to the experience you would find when walking, cycling or driving.
But more than anything it will be a godsend for those travelling somewhere new or people who tend to doze off while on public transport.
The feature is just one of many small updates to the app, which promise to make life easier.
Another addition coming to Google Maps is the ability to show how long you'll have to wait to get a seat at a restaurant at any particular hour.
By opening the business listing in the app, users will be able to access a "popular times" section, which will show how long customers could be expected to wait in real-time.
Users can also click on any hour on a bar graph to see how long the wait will be for that period. Google says the estimates are based on "anonymised historical data".
The new wait time feature will be supported on nearly a million sit-down restaurant listings across the globe and will challenge a number of third-party apps.
SIXTEEN drivers have been recording speeding above the limit in school zones since the start of the school term.
Between January 22 and January 31, Bundaberg Road Policing officers issued traffic infringement notices to 11 drivers exceeding speed limit in school zone by less than 13km/h.
The latest offence occurred on January 30 around 8.50am where it's alleged a 53-year-old Moorland woman was travelling at 52km/h in a 40km/h school zone along Branyan Drive, Avoca.
Police have also stopped five drivers exceeding the speed limit in school zone by at least 13km/h but not more than 20km/h.
The latest offence occurred on January 24 at around 3pm where a 47-year-old Bargara man was clocked at 59km/h in a 40km/h school zone along George Street, Bundaberg West.
If convicted he faces a $252 fine and loss of three demerit points.
Police are also urging motorists to buckle up after eight motorists were intercepted by police for failing to wear seatbelts.
Police believed they have found the remains of man who went missing several days ago.
Acting on information received earlier Friday, ventured to the No. 55 village, Corentyne area where they discovered what is suspected to be human remains. This was confirmed by Berbice Commander, Assistant Commissioner Lyndon Alves who told Demerara Waves Online that police were at the scene.
Police believed that the body is that of a missing 21-year old Azad from Bloomfield Village.
BHUBANESWAR, India, April 28 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - S tates in eastern India are cracking down on villagers who refuse to give up land for industry, protesters say, as officials speed up projects that are key to economic growth.
In the state of Jharkhand, a months-long protest has intensified over a proposed 1,600 megawatt power plant in Godda district, about 300 km (186 miles) from the capital of Ranchi.
The police were heavy-handed and arrested a protester under false charges, said Babulal Marandi, a former chief minister who is leading the protest.
"People are not willing to give up their land. The government is acquiring it forcibly," he said.
A district official denied they had used excessive force.
"The majority of landowners have given their consent for the project. We are doing everything as per the law," said Deputy Commissioner Bhuvnesh Pratap Singh.
In neighbouring Odisha state, at least 500 policemen were deployed this week at the construction site of a power plant extension, outnumbering protesting villagers.
Many villagers in Tilia, about 350 km from the capital Bhubaneswar, were resettled there years ago to make way for the Hirakud dam. They say the compensation offered is inadequate, and they do not want to move again.
"Why should we be displaced again without adequate benefits? We would rather die protesting," protest leader Murali Pradhan told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Officials said most villagers had agreed to the compensation, and that a police presence was a necessary precaution. "The protesters were violent earlier," district chief Bibhuti Bhusan Patnaik said.
As demand for land heats up in India's fast growing economy, conflicts related to territory have also risen, stalling industrial and development projects worth billions of dollars, a recent study showed.
In their rush to speed up projects, several states have diluted a 2013 law that aimed to protect the rights of poor farmers by giving support to those displaced, and compensation of up to four times the market value of their land.
That law must be amended to make it easier to buy land for key projects to spur growth and provide jobs, a senior government official has said. (Writing by Rina Chandran @rinachandran, Editing by Lyndsay Griffiths. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org to see more stories.)
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
By Joel Reichenberger
The Steamboat Springs High School boys basketball has bounced back into the Western Slope League hunt, thanks to a big increase in scoring, but Tuesday the Sailors picked a big win in that league, thanks to their ability to play slowed down.
Rifle played a deliberate game Tuesday, passing the ball around the arch and waiting for its shots. Steamboat, meanwhile, took advantage of the opportunities it got and went on to win 35-23.
That, with a …read more
Via:: Steamboat Today
Dot Com Infoway has bagged the CMMI ML 3 SCAMPI Appraisal from the CMMI Institute.
Contact
Venkatesh C.R.
***@dotcominfoway.com Venkatesh C.R.
End
-- Dot Com Infoway (DCI), a global award winning app developer and mobile marketing company has recently bagged the CMMI ML 3 SCAMPI Appraisal from the CMMI Institute.DCI secured the CMMI-Dev V1.3 model with 'Maturity Level' 3 after facing stringent audits and examinations conducted by the CMMI team. The CMMI appraisal is a proof that DCI underwent series of trainings and process improvement phases to build capability in its people and processes."We are delighted to receive the CMMI ML 3 appraisal from the coveted CMMI institute. This is an evidence of DCI's robust internal capabilities and efficiencies,"beams MR. C.R. Venkatesh, CEO, Dot Com Infoway.The CMMI appraisal further enhances the global digital marketing company's standing as it now becomes compliant to bid for large defense and government projects across many countries, including the USA.Worldwide, CMMI is leveraged to enhance performances of numerous organizations across 101 countries. And as DCI joins the club of CMMI organizations, the innovative company has its eyes set on securing big-ticket projects around the globe."It took us lot of determination, perseverance and innovating thinking to enhance our internal capabilities while delivering the best solutions to our clients," reveals Mr. Venkatesh, "The CMMI appraisal has open new doors for us. We are a more agile, capable and efficient services organization now and we are geared up to become one of the worlds most sought after digital marketing organization,"he adds.Visit our website http://www.dotcominfoway.com Dot Com Infoway, an award-winning, CMMI Level 3 multinational information Technology Company, is a pioneer in delivering software development, mobile application and Internet marketing solutions and technologies to business. With offices in India, the United States and Germany, DCI is positioned to become a leader in delivering advanced IT services for your business.
A six-year-old girl who was found dead on a Scottish island after disappearing from her grandparents' home was murdered, police have confirmed.
After receiving the results of a post mortem examination, detectives said their investigation into the death of Alesha MacPhail is now a murder inquiry.
Detectives are keen to speak to anyone involved in the search for Alesha, while local officers urged island residents to be vigilant about the safety of their children and the security of their homes.
The schoolgirl was reported missing from a flat in Rothesay, on the Isle of Bute, at 6.25am on Monday and her body was found less than three hours later in woodland on the site of a former hotel.
Advertisement
She had been on holiday on the island, staying with her father Robert MacPhail, 25, and his parents, Calum MacPhail, 49, and Angela King, 46.
Her mother Georgina Lochrane, 23, from Airdrie, learned about her disappearance on social media after Ms King posted a message asking for helping in finding her granddaughter.
Det Supt Stuart Houston, of Police Scotland, said: "We are treating her death as a murder investigation."
He added: "Alesha's family is utterly devastated and we are continuing to provide them with the support they require at this incredibly distressing time.
"Alesha had lots of friends who will no doubt find it very difficult to comprehend why they will never see their friend again.
"Like any other six year old, Alesha was looking forward to enjoying her holidays from primary school and was only a few days into a three week summer break visiting relatives on the island. For such a young girl to have her life taken away is incomprehensible."
Alesha MacPhail had just finished year two in primary school. Photo / Supplied
Houston said he was particularly interested in speaking to anyone who was involved in the search for Alesha on Monday morning.
He said: "What did they see? Where did they search? Please let us know. Did you see anyone acting suspiciously in the vicinity of Ardbeg Rd, where she was staying on Sunday evening, into the early hours of Monday morning or where her body was found?"
Earlier on Tuesday, Alesha's father had to be supported by his girlfriend, Tonii McLachlan, as he viewed tributes left outside the family home in the Ardbeg area of the town.
He was overcome as he read the notes on flowers, soft toys and balloons.
His former partner, Ms Lochrane, who was taken to the island from her home in Airdrie, was also in tears as she viewed the tribute. She was believed to be with her partner George Horn.
One of her neighbours in Lanarkshire said Alesha was a "lovely wee girl" who was always smiling, adding: "The whole thing is just an absolute tragedy.
"The way it has all happened is pretty hard to understand but the family will be absolutely devastated by it. For her mum to read on Facebook that Alesha had passed away is just so sad."
Forensic officers searched the garden around the property in Rothesay while police cordons were set up in several areas, including along a stretch of beach in front of the house.
Alesha's head teacher said in an emotional statement that she was a "smiley, happy and considerate" child.
Wendy Davie, head teacher of Chapelside Primary School in Coatbridge, said Alesha, who had just finished primary two, would be greatly missed.
She added: "She loved being at school and enjoyed all aspects of literacy, in particular writing. She was such a perfectionist in her handwriting and was very proud of her work.
"Alesha was very friendly and she welcomed everyone first thing in the morning at breakfast club.
"She was a very considerate child who loved being part of a group and she was popular with all the other children and was a smiley and happy young girl."
Popular family holiday destination
The Isle of Bute has long been a popular holiday destination for people in the west of Scotland.
The island in the Firth of Clyde is around 24km long and 6.5km wide with a population of just over 6,000 people, many of whom live in the main town, Rothesay.
Bute began to build its reputation as a tourist destination in Victorian times and became popular as people from Glasgow enjoyed taking a trip "doon the watter" to resorts further along the Clyde.
Attractions include the palm trees and promenade in Rothesay, which also has a castle, the gardens of Mount Stuart House, where fashion designer Stella McCartney got married, and several beaches.
Visitors can reach the island by taking the Caledonian MacBrayne ferry from Wemyss Bay to Rothesay or from Colintraive on the mainland to Rhubodach on Bute.
During the late spring and summer months the Waverley steamer also calls at Rothesay as part of its schedule.
The island is part of the Argyll and Bute Council area and has three primary schools and one secondary school. It is generally regarded as a quiet, peaceful island with a low crime rate.
In The Fade: Heart's in the right place but brain's MIA
Film | by Jorge Ignacio Castillo
In the Fade
Opens Feb. 9
Roxy Theatre
The rise of violent white supremacist groups is a subject that's reaching the screen with growing regularity. The threat, however, is more often than not treated broadly. While there's no room for subtlety when you're dealing with neo-Nazis, straight-up villainy isn't all that interesting from a storytelling point of view. Particularly when its brains get lost under the brawn.
In the Fade falls into this trap. This German drama starring Diane Kruger (Inglourious Basterds), depicts the racial tension between immigrants and locals using big, oafish strokes. It gets the point across but as a cinematic concoction it's Michael Bay-esque.
Katja (Kruger) is married to a Kurdish immigrant with a checkered past. But they have a cute kid and seem to be a happy family. All that comes to an end when a dirty bomb goes off and kills the husband and son (not a spoiler, happens before the opening credits). A devastated Katja must endure a brutal investigation and even worse trial, in which the suspects — a couple of white supremacists — are supported by a network of alt-right extremists.
In case it's not clear that Katja's life has been destroyed by the event, scriptwriter/director Fatih Akin (Head-On) gives the character a drug problem and suicidal tendencies. Guess we can't blame her: when a forensic pathologist gives a full description of the bomb's effect on the little boy's body you'll want a drug problem, too.
I'll give this to In the Fade: it's fiercely intense and doesn't let go. The main character is a woman powered by anger who doesn't develop magic sleuthing powers when things don't go their way. She makes mistakes, but has no forgiveness in her heart and wants retaliation. Her grief is devouring her.
Kruger is superb as Katja, a role that doesn't coast on her beauty. The humanity of her performance is the only thing that saves this film from being full-on exploitation.
HKMA chief expects city's banks to raise rates after Fed rate hike
HONG KONG, June 15 Hong Kong's central bank chief said on Thursday he expects banks in the city to raise interest rates gradually and there could be an increase in capital outflows from the financial hub due to arbitrage plays with the local currency.
Filling the void created by the DMOZ & Yahoo Directory closures
Media Contact
Progress Technologies, Inc.
info@progresstechnologies.com Progress Technologies, Inc.
End
-- A huge void was created with the closures of the DMOZ and Yahoo Directory websites.These simple to use website directories allowed visitors and website search engines alike to research and locate businesses quickly and easily. In many ways, the directories played a major role in the evolution of Google and other search engines.Small businesses benefitted from web directories in they provide an affordable way to market their business as well as provide valuable "Backlinks" to their website. Backlinks indicate to search engines like Google that a website is trustworthy, thus boosting their ranking in Google.Submit URL has launched to provide this service once again, free of charge at this time. Visit www.submiturl.site to add your business listing today, free.If you would like more information about this topic, please email info@progresstechnologies.com
BRUSSELS - Emergency food aid for around a million Palestinians in Gaza may run out from June if the UN agency for Palestinian refugees cannot raise another $200 million following a cut-off in US funding, the agency said on Tuesday.
Pierre Kraehenbuehl, who heads the UN Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA) providing aid for Palestinians across the Middle East, said US President Donald Trump had withheld $305 million in funding, far more than the $65 million reported in January.
"You already have a very, very fragile community (in Gaza)," Kraehenbuehl said in an interview during an international donor conference in Syria in Brussels.
"So if you suddenly have no certainty about the amount of food aid coming from the UN for a million people ... you can just imagine the kind of effects it could have," he said, although he stressed he was not justifying any link to potential outbreaks of unrest.
Gulf states, Norway and Canada have stepped in with a total of $200 million to help meet a planned $465 million budget for 2018. The United States, long the biggest donor to the agency, is providing just $60 million of a promised $365 million, Kraehenbuehl said.
That leaves a $200 million shortfall to fill for rice, flour, sugar and also to keep funding schools in Gaza and the West Bank.
The UN agency's call for help is made harder by the competing demands on donors for crises in Syria, Yemen, Myanmar, Afghanistan and the Democratic Republic of Congo, among others.
Kraehenbuehl warned of greater instability in Gaza in part because the economy is already suffering its deepest collapse after a decade of Israeli-led blockades, and internal Palestinian divisions in the coastal strip.
Kraehenbuehl said the shortfall in funding for the agency could also mean there may not be enough money to re-open schools in August and September for the new academic year.
"This is our largest funding crisis ever," he said.
More than two million Palestinians are packed into Gaza and while Israel withdrew its troops and settlers in 2005, it maintains tight control of Gaza's land and sea borders. Egypt also restricts movement in and out of Gaza on its border.
RAMADAN DONATIONS?
Trump withheld the aid to UNRWA in January after questioning the value of such funding, while the US State Department said the agency needed to make unspecified reforms.
Many Western diplomats saw Trump's decision as a reaction to the condemnation across the Middle East of his Dec. 6 decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital and before any peace settlement between Israelis and Palestinians. The United Nations also voted to reject that recognition.
Kraehenbuehl, a Swiss national, said he had enacted spending cuts to contain costs within the agency and was trying to find new donors in the private sector. Those could be in Gulf countries, or donations made in solidarity with the Palestinians during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
Kraehenbuehl said that after donors such as Qatar, Turkey and the United Arab Emirates had come forward, he would now seek help from Germany, France, Sweden and Britain, travelling to Berlin later this week. Israel is not a contributor to UNRWA.
"It's a modest investment to preserving the region from future instability and uncertainty," he said.
So, have you ever heard of the famous city named as Bogota? In case, you are here then we know that your answer will definitely be a yes.
Contact
cheapflighto
***@cheapflighto.net cheapflighto
End
-- So, in this article, we will first let you know about the top tourist attractions in this place and then we will tell you about the methods with the help of which you would be able to book cheap flight tickets to Bogota. So, here are the best tourist attractions in this place.• Museo del Oro: This is also known as the Gold museum and it is one of the most popular places to visit in Columbia where you will find items displaying a mixture of art, culture, and tradition.• Museo de Botero: This is commonly regarded as the best place to visit if you are a lover of art. This museum is named after the famous artist Fernando Botero and is a must-visit option.• Cerro Monserrate: When you will reach this mountain, which is over 10,000 feet above the sea level, then you would be able to look at the whole city from there.Now, it's the time to look at the steps for booking the cheap flight tickets from your destination to Bogota.• Go to Google.com and search there "Cheap Flights from (your nearby airport name) to Bogota.• After that, you have to select the official Google page showing you these flights.• Next, you have to select one option between Round trip and one way and along with that, don't forget to select the dates of the journey, travel class along with a number of passengers.• In the next step, you have to select the option named as SORT BY PRICE and there, you will find a large number of flights sorted according to the price of the flight tickets.• Select any one of them and book your ticket to Bogota easily.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
House price growth in the West Midlands is expected to surpass all but one UK region over the next five years, according to new research.
The analysis revealed the West Midlands was set to show the second highest increase in house prices from 2018 to 2022 at 3.8 per cent, behind only the South West at 4.3 per cent (see table below).
The South East and Northern Ireland are in joint third place (3.7 per cent) while at the other end of spectrum is London, which sits bottom of the table with projected growth in house prices of just 1.5 per cent.
The North East (1.9 per cent) and Wales (2.2 per cent) make up the bottom three, according to research carried out by financial services firm KPMG based on house price indices from Nationwide and economic data from the Office for National Statistics.
Siobhan Lodder, partner and head of housing at KPMG in the Midlands, said: "The housing market in the West Midlands reflects the strength of our local economy as a key region in the UK.
"Our analysis reinforces the importance of local infrastructure and connectivity, with billions being invested to improve roads, rail lines, schools and hospitals in the region and these continue to be crucial drivers for house price growth.
"A number of towns and cities across the West Midlands are undergoing regeneration and deemed 'up and coming' and already these are noting rising house prices.
"These factors drive perceived attractiveness and ultimately create a virtuous circle of growth.
"Regional business hubs like Birmingham and Coventry are benefiting from the exodus of talent leaving London to start a life where the job prospects are good and the cost of living is cheaper.
"Policymakers need to recognise the impact rejuvenation and community can have on making areas attractive.
"Last week's announcement to build 215,000 homes in the West Midlands reflects the strength of the region as a key economy for the UK."
House Price Growth 2018 - 2022 (highest to lowest)
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Tech's latest innovations struggle to live up to the hype
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
London-based OpenSignal, which specialises in crowdsourced wireless coverage mapping all over the world, said that Jio's market entry kicked off an intense price war in the telecom scene in India, resulting in offerings of cheaper LTE services from all operators, driving more consumers to 4G than ever before"The trend will continue next year. Whether Jio remains the huge dominant driver in 4G growth remains to be seen. After a year of free and steeply discounted data pricing, Jio may make 2018 the year it raises prices. That could level the playing field for India's operators," said Andrea Toth from OpenSignal."Jio's widespread 4G access, along with its at-first free and later heavily discounted data and voice plans, quickly won the hearts -- and wallets -- of more than 100 million mobile users across the country," Toth added.India's current mobile data subscriber penetration stands at 40 per cent which is expected to double to 80 per cent by 2022, according to Crisil's predictions."LTE services have taken the leading role in the unprecedented increase of data users in the past year, in large part thanks to Jio," the report said.During the quarter ending June 2017, total data usage stood at over 4.2 million terabytes, out of which 4G data accounted for 3.9 million TBs, according to TRAI data."LTE availability in India is remarkable. The users were able to connect to an LTE signal over 84 per cent of the time -- a rise of over 10 percentage points from a year earlier. This places India ahead of more established countries in the 4G landscape such as Sweden, Taiwan, Switzerland or the UK," Toth noted.Barely six months in the market this year, Jio secured its lead in the 4G availability race, "with users able to access its LTE signals 91.6 per cent of the time," according to an earlier OpenSignal national report published in April this year.No other mobile operator managed to score higher than 60 per cent in these tests."Six months later, we saw significant improvements in availability across all major operators but those improvements weren't enough to close the gap with Jio, which was able to provide an LTE signal at a jaw-dropping 95.6 per cent of the time in the same test period," Toth informed.While LTE availability saw a meteoric rise, the same cannot be said of 4G speeds."In our latest State of LTE report, India occupied the lowest spot among the 77 countries we examined, with average download speeds of 6.1 Mbps, over 10 Mbps lower than the global average," the report said.As 4G adoption rose, and more and more consumers subscribed to 4G services, the networks experienced congestion, resulting in a decrease in average download speeds across the board.With operators rolling out low-cost data plans to grow their consumer bases, and manufacturers launching affordable 4G smartphones enabling a greater slice of the population to get connected, OpenSignal expects 4G availability to maintain its rising trajectory across the country.
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WJBF)– A key foundation to improve the C.S.R.A.'s public transportation system is officially underway.
Augusta Transit presented the design concept of the new facility at last week's Committee meeting.
This next week, Augusta Transit will begin the bidding process to build a state-of-the-art facility. By mid July, construction should begin.
Thousands of tax dollars will be spent building the new Augusta Transit facility, but City Administrator, Janice Jackson, said this new building will save money for local tax payers.
“First, the building we're in now is in very bad shape. It's got lots of maintenance issues. It's one of those situations where we'd be better off building new than trying to rehab that. The building we're in now is almost beyond repair. Any work we did, we're kind of throwing good money after bad on any work on that facility,” Jackson told NewsChannel 6.
Jackson said portions of the roof blew off in this month's storm.
Augusta Transit Director, Patrick Stephens, agreed that the need for a new space is crucial to the system's growth.
“Our old facility has become old, but not only that– we don't have a lot of room for expansion,” Stephens said.
“Just the shear fact that we're locating this facility almost virtually in the heart of Augusta. As Augusta grows, as we improve transit, as we potentially add on more routes. It gives us a better opportunity to serve the entire community. Public transit can be a great economic development generator, but more importantly, it's going to put is the position where now the short term and for the next 30 to 40 years, we'll be able to better serve the transit needs of the community.”
Administrator Jackson said the city will fund around 20% of the facilities construction. The other 80% of money will come from the Federal government.
Jackson added that the Medical College of Georgia Foundation has ambitious plans to redevelop the shopping center next door to the new facility.
She said as Augusta grows, the need for transit will grow.
ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq's Kurds will maintain their plan to hold a referendum on independence on Sept. 25, despite a U.S. request to postpone it, a high-ranking Kurdish official told Reuters on Saturday.
"The date is standing, Sept. 25, no change," said Hoshyar Zebari, a close adviser to Kurdistan Regional Government President Massoud Barzani, commenting on the request communicated by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
The U.S. State Department said in June it was concerned that the referendum will distract from "more urgent priorities" such as the defeat of Islamic State militants.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Sonic Corp:
* SONIC CORP - ‍ANNOUNCED PROMOTION OF COREY HORSCH TO CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER​
* SONIC CORP - SAN PEDRO MOST RECENTLY SERVED COMPANY AS EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A dispute between jeweller Brian de Staic and a rival jewellery maker in Dingle, Co Kerry, is to be discussed at a meeting between the parties within a week, the High Court has heard.
If the dispute is not resolved at that meeting, it will return to court in two weeks, Ms Justice Carmel Stewart was told. Mr de Staic, whose work has been worn by Hollywood stars including Paul Newman and Johnny Depp, was given permission by the court last week to serve proceedings at short notice on AJ Bácéir Teo, trading as Dingle Goldsmiths. Mr de Staic runs a number of shops in Cork and Kerry, including in Dingle.
He is seeking an injunction preventing the defendant from infringing his copyright and passing off its products under the name “Ogham Stone Collection”, of which he says he is the original creator.
The case was back before the court on Wednesday when Majella Twomey, for Mr de Staic, sought an adjournment because a meeting of the parties had been arranged to take place on a no-prejudice basis, over the next seven days.
Affidavits
It had also been agreed, if the matter is not resolved within that time, the defendant would file replying affidavits.
Ross Aylward SC, for AJ Bácéir, said he wanted to state for the record that his client “wholly refutes” the passing-off claim. Counsel said the particular piece of Ogham Stone jewellery at the centre of the case had in fact been commissioned by the plaintiff.
Ms Twomey said that issue had been dealt with in a letter sent to the defendant by Mr de Staic's solicitor. Ms Justice Stewart adjourned the matter for mention to July 18th.
Proud Winners
Contact
Vineet Bansal
+91-9007026542
***@edominer.com Vineet Bansal+91-9007026542
End
-- Expand ERP from Edominer is at it again. Winning accolades along with admirers who appreciate the effort that Vineet Bansal and his team has put in place to produce an ERP solution of this quality. The latest in a series of achievements is winning the "Great User Experience" Award from FinancesOnline.Vineet Bansal, the CEO, aptly puts it, "We knew that with the kind of effort we were putting in gaining recognition was just a matter of time. But at the same time, it also humbles us as we know that we absolutely must keep up the work that we are doing. It is a day of celebration for us, the whole team of ExpandERP."According to FinancesOnline, the Great User Experience Certificate is given for "This award is granted to products that offer especially good user experience. We evaluate how easy it is to start using the product and how well-designed its interface and features are to facilitate the work process." Expand ERP had previously won the Rising Star award from FinancesOnline.User Experience is one of the most important aspects of any software especially ERPs as the need for training employees to use the ERP is greatly reduced if the User Interface, as well as the whole functionality, is characterized by ease of use. And now, Expand ERP has yet another feather in its hat even in this area.About ExpandERPExpand ERP is an affordable, feature-rich, customizable and stable Cloud ERP that even integrates a CRM.Website : http://www.expanderp.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's been raining. The weather's feeling chillier again. There's even snow being forecast up in Scotland.
Last week's heatwave highs of 22 and 23 seem a long time ago now.
But according to forecasters, Derby might not have to wait that long for another warm spell.
Long-range forecasts are now showing signs of another blast of heat during the beginning of May.
According to computer models, the mercury could rise above average again by the middle of next week and potentially edge close to 20C again, especially in the south.
Sarah Sammy, forecaster of The Weather Channel, said: "High pressure over central Europe will drift eastward and another area of high pressure will build over the North Atlantic.
"During this time, an area of low pressure in between will split, and the smaller low will stall for a while near the Bay of Biscay and pump up warmer air over the UK."
Current forecasts indicate that temperatures over London will be between 15.5 and 19.5 C on May 2, when conditions should become drier and brighter.
But she said that "as we near the time, we can narrow down that range".
Frankenmuth Food Truck Festival
End
-- It's quite apparent to the folks at Frankenmuth River Place Shops (http://www.frankenmuthriverplace.com/)that getting people out to a Thursday evening event is just a matter of creating a fun and tasty environment.And that's exactly what happened last Thursday, August 10, when Frankenmuth River Place Shops put on its First Annual Food Truck Festival from 5 p.m. to 9 p.m."For a first-time event, this exceeded all our expectations and it's clear that guests enjoyed the variety of food offerings, beverages and activities,"said Amy Smock, General Manager. "We appreciate the comments and suggestions we received from attendees and will take everything into consideration when planning our next event!"An estimated 5,000-plus Frankenmuth residents and visitors flocked from around the state to the east parking lot of the River Place Shops in what organizers are calling a "huge" success, thanks in large part to a great line up of food trucks:The Cheese Trap (Gourmet grilled cheese)Fortune Cooking (Asian-Fusion)K & J Grill (Burgers and Sandwiches made with local ingredients)Bad Wolf BBQKona Ice (tropical shaved ice)The Philzone (Chicago Italian beef sandwich, etc.)T&T Authentic MexicanMarconi's Pizza (Detroit Pizza & Cheese bread)From Scratch Comfort Cruizine (Mediterranean)The availability of beer and wine rounded out the Food Truck Festival, say organizers.WIOG 102.5 held a live remote from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m., with other activities throughout including music, inflatables, face painting, yard games, children's play zone, battle bubble balls and a children's prize giveaway wheel.Frankenmuth River Place Shops ( www.frankenmuthriverplace.com ) is an authentic re-creation of a Bavarian village located just minutes from the Bavarian Inn Restaurant and Lodge. The outdoor mall features more than 40 shops and attractions at one location. In addition to great shopping opportunities, visitors can enjoy historic architecture, floral gardens, streams, waterfalls, a full-service day spa, video arcade, tons of fudge, candies, popcorn and ice cream.
Daigo Higa (No. 2-rated flyweight) vs. Moises Fuentes
12 rounds, for Higa's WBC title
Feb. 4, 2018, Naha, Japan
Photos by Naoki Fukuda (click for larger version)
Photo illustration by Slate. Photos by Thinkstock.
This post is part of Nosh, a special pop-up blog about snacks. Read more here.
Dwight Garner, an accomplished New York Times book critic, can count himself a member of the rarefied club of journalists whose writing has actually moved hearts and minds on a topic of great importance. In one 2012 article, he changed my life, intimately and permanently, with an ode to an object I'd never previously considered with the solemnity it deserves: the peanut butter and pickle sandwich.
When I clicked on Garner's piece “Peanut Butter Takes On an Unlikely Best Friend” in October 2012, it was with great skepticism. I expected to be trolled with outrageous, unsupported assertions and straw-man arguments. Instead, I found myself drawn in by lip-smacking prose and a miniature history lesson. Peanut butter and pickle sandwiches were a hit at Depression-era lunch counters, I learned, and in cookbooks from the 1930s and '40s, which recommended they be crafted with pickle relish rather than slices or spears. Garner quoted the founder of a peanut butter company, who remarked that the savory-and-sour flavor profile of the sandwich is more common in South and East Asian cuisines. This observation was my eureka moment: One of my favorite Thai dishes, papaya salad, traditionally combines raw peanuts with a lime and rice vinegar–based dressing. Perhaps the sandwich I'd only ever imagined in the context of stupid jokes about pregnancy cravings could be equally delicious.
Reader, it was. My first peanut butter and pickle sandwich was revelatory—an effortless, satisfying marriage of creamy and crisp, sweet and salty, nutty and garlicky, fatty and acerbic. It was filling, relatively healthy-tasting, and constructed with shelf-stable ingredients I almost always have in my pantry. I immediately knew I'd found my new go-to snack. In the half decade since Garner blessed me with his feat of journalism, I've eaten the sandwiches as late-night drunk food, as a packable treat on hikes, and as a mid-afternoon lunch substitute on weekends, when I eat a late brunch and don't want to spoil my appetite for dinner. When I interned at NPR on a meager stipend, I'd occasionally bring one to work for a cheap breakfast and hope no one balked when my work area smelled like kosher dill first thing in the morning. These days, I eat between two and four a month.
I consider myself the perfect candidate for a peanut-butter-and-pickle-sandwich habit. I'm a vegetarian, so cold-cut sandwiches aren't an option. I don't have a sweet tooth; jelly, honey, and even bananas can sway a peanut butter sandwich too far into the realm of dessert for me. As a kid, I was one of the many in the school cafeteria to add potato chips to sandwiches for an extra hit of crunch and salt. Pickles, I now realize, serve a similar function.
Garner and I differ on a few important variables—he sometimes makes his sandwiches on white or sourdough bread, usually the good, structurally sound stuff from a purveyor like Bread Alone; I like any seeded whole-wheat sandwich loaf from the grocery store. I buy a slightly sweetened Jif natural peanut butter; he uses a sugar-free brand. Garner also recommends bread-and-butter pickles in his seminal 2012 article, an abomination I cannot discourage strongly enough. (My relationship with my fiancée has barely recovered since she accidentally bought bread-and-butter slices a few years ago, and we didn't notice until we took our first nauseating bites.) I confronted Garner about his poor pickle choice in a phone interview for this piece. “You have to understand—when I wrote that, my peanut butter and pickle fandom was still in its infancy,” he said. “I've come a long way since then. I no longer think that bread-and-butter are the best. I now use sour dills.”
We agree on one other essential point. When I emailed Garner to request an interview (subject line: “You changed my life”), he responded with delight that I'd “made it past the awful photo” on his 2012 piece, an image of spongy Wonder bread with a gloppy spread. “A good PB&P,” he continued, “is invariably on toast.” Obviously, I thought. Invariably.
Earlier this month, the New York Times recirculated Garner's article on social media, promptly “tearing the internet apart” and moving food journalists to try the combo for the first time. Garner said the 2018 re-up had tripled the public impact of the original 2012 publication. “Suddenly, every shock jock and local TV-news host was eating it on the air to see if they could stand it, almost like a hot-pepper challenge,” he said. Garner did get a fair amount of private responses when the article first dropped, though. “A lot of people sent me emails saying they had no idea anyone else [liked the sandwich]—it's almost like I revealed their secret shame, something they're in therapy about liking,” he said. He remembers getting an email from New Yorker editor David Remnick, who wrote something along the lines of, “Dwight, this is the most goyish thing I've ever seen in my entire life.”
I envy those who are only now arriving at Garner's chef-d'œuvre upon its 2018 recirculation. They have so much to look forward to, a whole world of savory snacking about to reveal itself. I admit that peanut butter and pickle sandwiches are a particular taste—when I asked if he'd been able to convert any of his friends, Garner said, “Fuck no”—but for those with mature, seasoned taste buds, it's worth a shot. I believe the knee-jerk incredulity that's met this sandwich has been driven as much by social stigma against an unfamiliar pairing of ingredients as by taste. “I remember trying one in 2012 and thinking it didn't really work,” one of my colleagues told me. “It just tastes like two different foods at the same time.” Two different foods at the same time—is that not the animating concept behind all but the simplest recipes? Is eating two unexpected, different-tasting foods at the same time not the genesis of some of modern cuisine's most memorable dishes?
Over the past five years, my beloved snack has moved me to incrementally rebroaden my peanut butter horizons. I've done sandwiches with peanut butter and bacon, peanut butter and blueberries, and once, peanut butter, bacon, and blueberries (do not recommend). I've dipped carrots in peanut butter, an inspired combination I picked up from a friend that is, now that I think about it, a kind of deconstructed take on the toppings found in peanut-sesame noodles. Now that I've let go of my preconceived notions of what a peanut butter sandwich should be, I'm reimagining the entire snack genre as a venue for reckless, no-frills experimentation.
But creativity flourishes best within established boundaries, boundaries that were irresponsibly flouted by the second recipe Garner endorsed in his 2012 article. A peanut butter and pickle sandwich is both a callback to an American tradition and a future-facing reinvention of a classic meal. Peanut butter and pickle ice cream? That's just pantry Mad Libs.
Read more from Nosh here.
It is either an unfolding love story very much of our times or a tale of a demented woman stalking two strangers on a plane and then detailing their private interactions to a social-media world breathless with perverse anticipation. It depends on your perspective.
But no matter how you view the decision by Rosey Blair, a Texan actor, to document in minute detail exactly what happened after she and a fellow traveller swapped seats on a plane, so the actor could sit with her partner, it can't be denied that the Blair watch project set a little corner of the internet ablaze.
Moments after Blair swapped seats on a Dallas-bound flight earlier this week, she said to her boyfriend, Houston Hardaway: “I hope she meets the love of her life.”
Then a man – a former professional soccer player called Euan Holden, it would emerge later – sat beside the other woman, whose identity remains a mystery. This prompted Blair to let a stream of consciousness flow as she updated a world watching on Instagram and Twitter with snippets from the random couple's conversation.
The strangers – both “sexy fitness buffs” by Blair's account – flirted even before the plane took off, she said. Neither was wearing a wedding ring. They talked nonstop, and it soon emerged they were both vegetarians, which meant they were able to share their airline food.
And nothing says romance like an overpriced dinner of stringy cheese and salty crackers.
Blair posted photographs of the couple – taken from behind – with their elbows touching, and even detailed their bathroom journeys, taken at the same time. The woman went with her hair tied up and returned to her seat with it down.
Significant? Blair certainly seemed to think so. Although she was at pains to stress she did not believe the pair had joined the mile-high club.
“I can't make this s**t up,” Blair said as the “romance” intensified. “There is not TV on this flight but there is WiFi and romance!”
She assured those following her thread that she would follow the story to baggage claim. “I will have answers for you!”
The internet loved it. The original post announcing the thread has been liked more than 600,000 times, and people joined in the, um, fun by posting photographs of themselves watching Blair posting photographs of someone else on social media. It was postmodernism gone mad.
The couple – by now possibly aware that a stranger was eavesdropping on their conversation and sharing snippets of it on social media – started whispering to each other, which seemed to infuriate Blair.
She then followed them through the airport, photographing them as they walked.
Blair's interest in the random strangers did not stop at arrivals. And she was able to tell her followers when she got to her Dallas home that the woman in the frame was “a world traveller, both of them are very single. They both appear to be based right here in Dallas. They're going to fall in love and get married and have babies!”
Maybe Blair is right. Sky-high romance happens. The internet is awash with stories of people who found love eight miles high, and one in 10 people admitted – or claimed – to have had at least one fling with a passenger they met while in the sky, according to a survey of more than 10,000 flyers published last year by the online travel company eDreams.
They just didn't have it all documented in real time by a person with a smartphone and internet access.
*Says herdsmen, farmers crises require urgent national solution
By Joseph Erunke
ABUJA- THE Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU, has alleged that the federal government's inaction was responsible for the lingering crises arising from disagreements between pastoralists and farmers in the country.
Addressing a press conference in Abuja Wednesday, the union which said it had watched the development with “heavy hearts” like millions of others, tasked the government to immediately act with a view to ending the crises.
National President of ASUU, Biodun Ogunyemi, reading a prepared text, tagged:”State of the Nation:Time to end the drift”, said government must take responsibility for the crises in the country.
“The Federal Government must take responsibility for failure to anticipate, manage and control the crisis. Government's handling of the issue has fallen far short of protecting certain constitutional provisions on fundamental human rights.
“In particular, the Government has failed in enforcing Section 17 (2b) of the Nigerian Constitution which states that: “the sanctity of the human person shall be recognized and human dignity shall be maintained and enhanced”, it said.
While condemning the human lives lost and destruction of property that occasioned the various crises, the union tasked government to arrest the situation and bring perpetrators to book.
“ASUU condemns unreservedly and unequivocally the unjustified and unjustifiable loss of lives and property arising from the unwarranted conflicts.
“Our hearts and thoughts go to families and victims of the senseless acts. We condemn, in strong terms, those hiding behind the farmers and the pastoralists to incite the poor to mutual destruction.
“The Federal Government must deal, in accordance with the law, with all those who are established to have sponsored or committed such heinous crimes against fellow citizens. The rehabilitation of the affected communities must be a matter of priority for the Federal Government, “it noted.
The union pointed out that the insincerity of the federal administrations right from 1999 when the nation returned to democratic rule,in keeping with promises made to the people was responsible for what the country was going through at the moment.
“Nigerians had hoped for socio-economic opportunities that would improve their deplorable conditions, secured dwelling and working environment to safeguard their present and their future, as well as qualitative and life-enhancing educational provisions for transforming the citizenry and the country.
“These hopes, and many more, have been dashed. Not only that, the hope for any meaningful change in the near future appears bleak and is getting bleaker each passing day.
“From Olusegun Obasanjo to Musa Yar'Adua, Goodluck Jonathan and, now, Muhammadu Buhari, each wing of the ruling class in the saddle has made promises it never meant to keep, “the union said.
Regretting that the herdsmen/farmers clashes have claimed many lives and property worth several billions of naira destroyed, ASUU said” the recent problem of communal, violent conflicts, generally referred to as ‘farmers-pastoralists conflicts', needs an urgent national solution.”
According to the union, “On all sides, the chief beneficiaries are not the cattle workers (called “pastoralists”), not the farmers, not the millions of Nigerians who are fed with stories of ethnic hostility and hatred arising from a manipulated faulty interpretation of the conflicts.”
The text read:”The ‘farmers-pastoralist conflict' is an outcome of a combination of environmental ecological crisis, and socio-historically derived problems which the ruling class of Nigeria, in its different wings, has been manipulating to suit its economic and political goals. The result is, everywhere, a creation of conflicts and antipathies among people who have coexisted in peace, mutual respect and integration for long periods in their history.
“The recent antipathy and violence evolved in conditions of land hunger and environmental hardships, which themselves, are not produced by farmers or cattle workers (‘'pastoralists''). Severe changes in natural, climatic conditions which triggered a large hunger for land and, consequently, hardship in the availability of feed for cattle was a significant causal factor.
“As a result, the ‘small' landowners gradually lost their access to land, handing the business mainly to rich farmers, for whom they have now become workers. The Nigerians described as ‘'herdsmen'' are employed cattle attendants working for large cattle owners.
“They are an equivalent of poor peasants working for rich farmers. What is called the ‘'farmers-pastoralist conflict'' is really a classic case of poor hired (pastoral) workers inevitably being forced into a ‘war' against poor peasants for, ultimately, the main benefit of rich farmers. This is the class nature of the crisis.
“The competition for land has thus created antipathies and antagonisms between farmers and cattle workers, since the survival of both depends on land. This antagonism has been deepened by the superficial interpretation which sees ethnic hatred as the motivating factor in the crisis, and generated more tension among the people in areas far away from the conflict areas. Given the propensity of Nigerian rulers to take political advantage of conflicts, the class nature of the conflict has been obliterated and the ethnic aspect pronounced as the core issue.
“ASUU asserts that the chief beneficiaries of the crisis are the rich cattle farmers. The victims are the poor peasant farmers and the hired cattle ‘farmers' who have been forced by their function of servitude to master employers to kill one another, in the interest of their masters. This is not new. It is a classic case of ruling class logic: divide and rule!
As usual, Nigeria's rulers from all ethnic wings are making maximum political use of the crisis for which their class is responsible.
” The ruling class is busy calculating political gains to be made from the crisis. The Nigerian people – workers, farmers, students, the unemployed, all victims of the crisis, are now being fed with crude religious and ethnic interpretations of the conflict.
“The Federal Government must take responsibility for failure to anticipate, manage and control the crisis. Government's handling of the issue has fallen far short of protecting certain constitutional provisions on fundamental human rights.
“In particular, the Government has failed in enforcing Section 17 (2b) of the Nigerian Constitution which states that: “the sanctity of the human person shall be recognized and human dignity shall be maintained and enhanced”.
“The people of Nigeria should not be misled. As usual, the chieftains of religious and ethnic sectarianism – the ruling class weapons for pursuing their sectarian interests, have been busy trying to cover, blur, disguise and deceive people of Nigeria about the real, socio-economic sources of the conflict.
“They have been selling to the Nigerian people divisive, parochial religious and false ethnic explanations. Nigerian people should not be fooled. A war of the poor against the poor, cattle farmers versus peasants (farmers versus pastoralists), when it blossoms, will only benefit the big cattle farmers and their class allies across religions and states. They will negotiate for peace among themselves after mutual destruction by peasant farmers and pastoralists, and what is equally dangerous, and possible generalized ethno-religious conflict in Nigeria. The solution, ultimately, is political.”
ASUU said the ” issue of restructuring has become the major preoccupation of Nigeria's ruling class” , noting that” in the hands of Nigeria's rulers, the issue of restructuring is not about how the downtrodden, exploited and suffering people of Nigeria will free themselves from economic and political domination. ”
” As Nigeria's ruling class treats it, the issue of restructuring is essentially about the redistribution of power – economic and political, within the dominant factions of the class. It is not about how the impoverished, exploited classes could take significant control of their lives or move close to achieving political and economic well-being through the exercise of their political power.
“This is not surprising in Nigeria. Ruling class projects and internal problems, and competition for power and wealth acquisition and crisis within it, are usually presented by the ruling class itself, falsely, as national projects and problems.
“Competition for power and wealth within the ruling class is usually sold to the people as defense of the interests of ‘'the people'' (ethnic compatriots) when, in fact, the real issue is the competition for accumulation of wealth and power. The people of Nigeria from all ethnic groups, in every state, usually watch in awe and shock as their ‘leaders' acquire huge wealth and property while those they claim to lead suffer poverty, disease, misery and premature death.
“No wing of the ruling class in our country has been faithful to the yearning of the poor and the oppressed co-ethnics. Regime after regime, our rulers have come with the same promises to the people: more jobs, better health care, better education, more security and safety. But after elections, the people's misery remains everywhere in all states, within all ethnic groups, among adherents of all religions. In every state, workers, the farmers, students and the unemployed – the majority, have been ‘assured' that the distribution of political positions and responsibilities will be done in the interest of the people.
“In reality, after the elections, the people have watched, betrayed, as their representatives acquire huge wealth while those who placed their trust in their representatives wallow in poverty, hunger, disease, and hopelessness. This is the picture everywhere in our country. Poverty is Pan-Nigerian. And the control of wealth is confined to coalitions of ruling class politicians and their allies, all over Nigeria as well.
“The debate on restructuring goes on within the context of domination of the economic, political, educational, and all welfare institutions in Nigeria by the same group of Nigerians, from all states and all geopolitical zones, who have since 1960 used their political power as a tool for collective looting of the country's resources.
” The debate about restructuring is, at the base, about how to satisfy the demand for redistribution of political and economic power among the contending ruling class groups in the country. The debate is conducted without the participation of the people of Nigeria; it is dominated by coalitions of ethno-nationalist leaders, politicians, businessmen and women (contractors), and their intellectuals.”
It further stated that “ASUU's view is that restructuring should not be a game of legitimizing the power formula among Nigeria's ruling class.”
“Within the context of ruling class political culture in Nigeria, the fear of domination in favour of specific ruling class groups is a genuine concern; since our Constitution has an egalitarian force.
“There is a genuine history of cheating and oppression of those we call “ethnic minorities” in Nigeria. But we need to understand that it is the ruling class game to divide the people so as to dominate them. Our country is still haunted by the ‘‘minority problem'' because the ruling class has no answer to it, “it further stated.
A dangerous driver failed to give his real name to police when stopped behind the wheel.
Nathan Johan Gallagher, 29, of Lorne Street, Wrexham, was stopped by police on Bellevue Road on August 8 and repeatedly gave his name as John Carter to officers, insisting that he had a valid driving licence.
But it turned out Gallagher had been disqualified from driving in 2004 after a dangerous driving offence and had never taken the extended retest needed to get his licence back.
PC Colin Colbourn had been on patrol driving down Holt Street at about 2.30am when Gallagher was spotted behind the wheel of a Renault Megane.
He appeared to be loitering and waiting for the officers to drive past despite having right of way.
PC Colbourn drove on before turning round near the entrance to Waterworld and followed Gallagher, stopping him on Bellevue Road.
Gallagher told PC Colbourn his name was John Carter and added he did not have any identification with him at the time.
Officers said he was behaving in a suspicious manner and Gallagher repeatedly insisted his name was John Carter despite the police database having no such record.
Eventually Gallagher was arrested on suspicion of driving without a licence or insurance. He was taken to Wrexham police station and again gave his name as John Carter but when searched, a bank card in his real name was found.
And it became apparent that Gallagher had been banned from driving in 2004 and was not eligible to get behind the wheel.
Despite this, he maintained his name was John Carter and denied he was disqualified from driving.
Gallagher appeared for sentencing before Wrexham Magistrates' Court, having been found guilty of driving while disqualified and obstructing a police officer in execution of duty after a trial.
He had admitted charges of driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence and driving without insurance.
Rhian Jackson, prosecuting, said in addition to the 2004 dangerous driving matter, Gallagher had three other instances of driving while disqualified on his record.
Probation officer Andrew Connah said Gallagher, who lives with his mother, still denied the offences despite being found guilty.
He was assessed as being a medium to high risk of reoffending and a medium risk of causing harm to the public.
Mr Connah said: “I don't think he understands the potential seriousness of his offences and he does not feel they would justify a prison sentence.
“I did point out to him that his previous offences could cause him difficulty.”
But magistrates drew back from sending Gallagher to prison. For driving while disqualified, he was handed a 12-week custodial sentence, suspended for 12 months.
For obstructing a police officer, Gallagher was fined £50. He was also ordered to undertake a 15-day rehabilitation activity requirement.
There were no separate penalties for the driving otherwise in accordance with a licence and insurance charges.
Gallagher was banned from driving for a further 12 months and reminded he must take an extended retest before getting back behind the wheel.
In addition, £250 in costs and a £115 victim surcharge were also imposed.
Dublin's developers are sitting on planning permission for more than 25,000 houses and apartments, new figures compiled by the four Dublin local authorities show.
The figures from the Dublin housing supply taskforce, to be published by the Department of Housing on Thursday, show that at the end of the first quarter of the year 3,724 houses and 3,629 apartments were under construction across the capital but planning permission for 25,053 homes remained unused. Almost two-third of the permitted but unbuilt homes are apartments.
Despite the strong recovery in Dublin property prices, the Construction Industry Federation said many schemes that had been granted permission remained “unviable” and developers were likely to hold off on construction of apartments until the Minister for Housing published new height guidelines.
The total number of houses and apartments under construction did increase by 27 per cent from 5,800 in the first quarter of last year to 7,353 at the same time this year. There was also an increase in the number of “active” building sites from 151 in the first quarter of 2017 to 173 this year.
‘Relatively positive'
The department describes the figures in relation to extant planning permissions as “relatively positive” with fewer houses waiting to be built than in the same period last year. However the number of homes completed remains low, with 183 houses finished in the first three months of the year, and just 65 apartments all of which were in the South Dublin County Council area.
In addition to the unbuilt homes which have planning permission, 47,312 houses and apartments could be built of land which is ready for development, without the requirement for any infrastructural investment. Another 29,272 homes could be built on land which is waiting for State investment in infrastructure, while 24,380 homes could be built on sites which are dependent on investment by Irish Water.
Hubert Fitzpatrick, director of housing and planning with the Construction Industry Federation, said a grant of planning permission does not mean development is feasible.
Viability
“Planning permission doesn't imply viability and many sites are still unviable, where the costs aren't meeting the market value. In each case the local market will have to be assessed and, particularly for apartments in some cases it won't be possible to proceed.”
Many planning permissions for apartments would also be defunct once Minister for Housing Eoghan Murphy issues new guidelines allowing the construction of taller apartment blocks, Mr Fitzpatrick said.
“We are still waiting for the Minister to issue guidelines on height. We do expect them in the next few weeks, but it will be inevitable that people will look again at their sites and may go back to change, or seek new planning permission.”
A spokesman for the department said the guidelines would be issued shortly.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Two surfing brothers from Portrush, who set up Northern Ireland's first surfboard company, have caught a wave of new investment from a popular crowdfunding platform and raised more than £405,000 in just one week.
Ricky and Chris Martin, who own SkunkWorks Surf Company, launched their latest finance drive on Crowdcube hoping to raise £350,000 but after 200 investors jumped on board they easily met their initial target and are now aiming to hit £600,000.
They first decided back in 2013 after a lifetime of surfing and a growing frustration with the performance and lifespan of their boards that they could do better and started working with both engineers and materials experts to create their own surfboards.
They raised an initial £50,000 to float their idea and have so far invested £500,000 on research and development to produce their Skunkworks boards using patent-pending, heat-bonding technology.
According to the Martin brothers this completely eliminates the use of adhesives in the production of their boards.
“Glue hates everything about surfing from sun to sand and saltwater. The bonds on our boards are one of the strongest elements - not the weakest,” they said.
Two years ago the brothers moved production of their surfboards from a garage to a 16,000 square foot factory on the North Coast and currently now employ 12 full time people.
Last year they sold more than 600 boards to surf schools in Norway, France, Spain, Morocco, Portugal, the UK and Ireland and they now have very ambitious plans for the future.
The Martin brothers would like to grow their production capacity to 4,060 surfboards this year but they need to get the finance in place to make that happen.
Ricky said: “The response on day one of this campaign was immense. Over 100 investors helped us reach our initial £350,000 target. But the investment has kept coming. The interest in what we are doing globally is phenomenal. It's clear people want to be on this journey with us.”
Thanks for signing up. You must confirm your email address before we can send you. Please check your email and follow the instructions.
Bob Fisher
WINTERSET, Iowa (AP) – An iconic Madison County covered bridge – pictured on the cover of the best-selling novel “The Bridges of Madison County” – has been destroyed by fire.
The Madison County Sheriff's Office says that the fire at the Cedar Bridge was reported around 6 a.m. Saturday. Officials say the bridge was fully engulfed by the time firefighters got to the bridge near Winterset in south-central Iowa.
The original Cedar Bridge was built in 1883 before it burned in 2002. Investigators determined the fire to be arson, but no arrests were ever made. It was rebuilt and reopened in 2004. The bridge was featured in the movie adaptation of “The Bridges of Madison County.” The novel was written by Rockford native Robert Waller, who died in March.
Cutting tubes is an art. A process is especially valuable if it avoids scrap and makes the immediately following process possible. For example, in exhaust technology in the automotive industry (at least when engine manifolds are involved), short tubes are frequently required, which feature numerous bends in short sequence. Of course, there is always the option to bend previously cut parts. However, it”s often the case that workpieces are cut on one side or both sides and, under some circumstances, also need to be shaped.
Effectively combine cutting, bending, and shaping:
transfluid (https://www.transfluid.net/en/homepage.html) provides the right solution for this, as general manager Stefanie Flaeper explains: “Depending on the requirements, our portfolio combines machines to create systems that are able to be loaded with tube lengths. The tubes are initially bent and then cut with blades. The special feature in this case is that this process is completed on the level of the bending machine and therefore enables scrap to be eliminated completely or extremely reduced.” The tubes are therefore able to be cut to their final length. Depending on the pipe size, the separating cut runs from 2 to 3 mm. “In terms of commercial efficiency, this is a value creating alternative production option, especially in case of bending parts with relatively numerous bends,” continues Stefanie Flaeper.
Diverse and clean cutting
Depending on the application, the different ways of cutting ensure that optimised results are able to be achieved. Especially in case of larger tubes in the exhaust area of a lorry, e.g. with 127 mm diameter, it may be sensible to use only one blade to cut, even if a small deformation results in the outer diameter. In particular, this does not play any role if shaping or calibration is still required on this tube end. “A significantly cleaner cut results if two blades are used for cutting. This has the advantage that no deformation occurs on the pipe. This produces an absolutely straight separating cut,” emphasises transfluid”s general manager. Shaping can also be applied here directly. In case of smaller tubes, this approach is usually better, since possible deformation towards the inside does not enable corresponding shaping tools to be used. The diameter is usually too small in this case.
Practical experience – systems and robotics
A system developed by transfluid for a current project enables the processing of tubes of up to 60 mm with a bending radius of 1 x D. Most of the tubes produced in this case feature two or three bends, with the cut made straight after the last bend. No additional follow-up cuts are required. The bending machine for this solution features a centre-line booster and three bending planes, plus the plane where the cutting tool is used.
An additional system, which has only recently left the transfluid workshop, can now process tubes up to a diameter of 60 mm in practical applications. The features of the machine are very similar to those mentioned previously. However, in this case the handling is executed in full by four robots. The machines are designed, so that all of the tools are interchangeable and shared. This system is able to produce a set of tubes for an engine manifold, consisting of four different tubes, without the need for follow-up cutting. Next, a robot supplies the tubes immediately to the final processing step. This system component shapes the tubes asymmetrically to that they may be welded to the motor flange compactly in a separate work process. Finally, the handling robots take over again, which provide one kit each to the following welding robot. Both systems complete the cutting process with two cuts, since an extremely good cut is required for the best possible resulting product.
DOWNLOAD PRESS INFORMATION (https://www.transfluid.net/en/press-centre-reader/items/a-precise-engine-manifold-from-two-blades.html)
(Adds Gundlach quotes on bond market, gold)
By Jennifer Ablan
NEW YORK May 2 The U.S. dollar has been and will likely continue to be on a gentle weakening pattern, Jeffrey Gundlach, chief executive at DoubleLine Capital, said on an investor webcast late on Tuesday.
Gundlach, who oversees more than $100 billion at Los Angeles-based DoubleLine, said the dollar "has not gone up in the past 18 months." Gundlach has said repeatedly the strength in the U.S. dollar after Donald Trump's presidential victory would reverse itself.
Gundlach said about the soft dollar in a follow-up interview with Reuters, "The trend is your friend. The dollar went up 30-plus percent from lows in 2011. That's a big vote for a currency. Plus, President Trump does not want a stronger dollar."
Last month, Goldman Sachs abandoned the two strong dollar plays in its 2017 trading recommendations, pointing to the Trump administration's concerns over the strength of the currency, along with improvement in growth in rival economies.
In a note to clients, Goldman analysts said "a number of fundamentals have changed on the margin, such that the long-Dollar story no longer warrants a place among our 'Top Trades'."
As for interest rates, Gundlach said he expected the yield on the 10-year Treasury to move higher. "I would prefer not to take a lot of interest rates risk now," Gundlach said. He also said he is "not a big fan of long duration" securities.
Gundlach said he does not see stocks under severe selling pressure with the 10-year yield around 2.25 percent. But if rates rise significantly, that will likely touch off a selloff in stocks during the summer, Gundlach said.
"I think it's wrong to characterize the environment as a 'flight to safety'," as the Treasury rally has been weak, Gundlach said. He would characterize the environment as a low volatility one, he added.
On gold, Gundlach said he sees "another leg up" in prices and that "it is not a time to give up on gold." (Reporting By Jennifer Ablan; Editing by David Gregorio and Chris Reese)
Spice up your spiritual life this year—and try these practices on for size.
Even if it is only breakfast dishes you do by hand, consider it an opportunity. You need not pray a psalm—in any ordinary sense—in order to make Martha's duty an occasion for a moment's thoughtful dwelling.
Many gripe that papers run too much bad news. But not the obits page. Here stand working folks who get their 15 minutes of fame only because they died. How often do the dead get to speak to the living?
It's a wonder we don't wash each other's feet more than once a year.
The practice of praying scripture out loud dates back to early Christianity. Justin Martyr writes of how the community would read “the memoirs of the apostles or the writings of the prophets . . . as long as time permits.”
Unlike other forms of coping that are more passive, reciting these prayers is neither passive nor unrealistic. The canticles face the fact of misery, poverty, inequality, injustice, and yet still express gratitude.
Packing up our prized possessions and giving them away doesn't just de-clutter our lives, it fulfills our baptismal call.
Thomas Merton once described the “beautiful running” of deer: “It is an awe-inspiring thing . . . Yet perfectly ordinary, everyday seeing.” Prayer is finding wonder in the ordinary. So is running.
Custodia occulorum, or custody of the eyes, is a practice with a long history, exhorted by St. Francis of Assisi and, in its recent past, used as a penance by those pursuing a rigorous spiritual life.
We need physical experiences to help us better understand what we cannot know through our senses. We are on a journey back to God, and we are not yet fully at home. Pilgrimage journeys are physical enactments of this quest.
According to Trappist Father Thomas Keating, a practitioner and teacher of centering prayer, contemplative prayer is about relationship, not method. It's your intention and your relationship with God that counts.
To pray vespers is to become alive to a liturgical cycle that flows throughout the week, each office of worship informing the next.
Like life, knitting requires risk. The working stitches must be kept close to the edge of the needle. It's easy to drop stitches, so I have learned to be vigilant and attentive to whatever I am working on.
Thanks to Will Henderson (@willh94) for texting us the following WWE NXT TV spoilers from tonight's tapings at Center Stage in Atlanta:
* Nikki Cross defeated Vanessa Borne. I'm assuming this is a re-tape of the match they had last night, to air on February 21st. Same exact match, just a few tweaks. Nikki wins with the Swinging Fisherman Neckbreaker
February 28th Episode:
* The Velveteen Dream defeated Tyler Bate. This was a fun match. Dream fights out of the airplane spin. Tyler hits the clothesline after bouncing off the ropes. Dream with a huge spinebuster for 2. Tyler and Dream trade shots on the top turnbuckle, when Dream tosses him onto the top rope and hits the Purple Rainmaker for the win
* Shayna Baszler defeated Kairi Sane. Shayna lays in with knees and kicks. Shayna works over the arm. Shayna with a modified gutwrench suplex for a 2 count. Kairi gets a roll up for 2. Shayna misses a knee in the corner. Kairi hits a spear. Kairi with the baseball slide forearm. Kairi goes up for the InSane Elbow, but Shayna kicks her in the head and pulls her off the top rope and into her choke hold for the submission. Shayna jaw jacks with the announcement table after the win
* NXT Champion Andrade "Cien" Almas and Zelina Vega come out for a promo. Zelina calls Andrade the greatest NXT Champion in history, or Mr. 4-0 and runs down Gargano for losing again and again. Zelina says who care about earning respect, and unlike most women, she doesn't feed off her man's success, she creates it. Andrade says Johnny tried again and again but lost. Andrade says he made him Johnny Jobless. Zelina asks what they call Andrade and he says "NXT Champion." Aleister Black's music hits as Andrade is on stage, and Black hits the ring. Before he can talk, Killian Dian's music hits and he and Aleister square off. Killian hits a running crossbody and leaves him laying
March 7th Episode:
* Ricochet defeated Fabian Aichner. Insane pop for Ricochet. Good back and forth. Fabian gets in control after a flashy start by Ricochet. Ricochet with a running shooting star for a 2 count. "Ricochet" chants start up. Ricochet hits the 630 for the win.
* NXT General Manager William Regal comes out and announces that tonight we will be seeing "the first three rounds" of the Dusty Rhodes Tag Team Classic. And the first round begins now
* The Authors of Pain defeated TM61 in a first round match of the Dusty Rhodes Tag Team Classic. TM61 take control early. Shane hits a dive outside onto both of AoP. AoP regain control and start destroying Nick. Nick with a hot tag to Shane. Shane hits a cannonball. Nick breaks up a pin attempt after a powerbomb neckbreaker combo. Nick hits a moonsault but the pin is broken up. Shane gets powerbombed on the apron and Nick gets hit with The Last Chapter for the pin. AoP was announced as advancing to the semifinals, so it's an 8-team tourney, and should end tonight
* Bianca Belair defeated a local enhancement talent. Quick squash, nothing of note. Once again, no hair whip
* Tommaso Ciampa walks out with his crutch and no music to massive boos. Every time he tries to start his promo, he is met with thunderous boos. He gets frustrated and throws the mic down twice. Ciampa leaves the ring and rips a Johnny Gargano fan's Johnny Wrestling sign up and destroys it with his crutch before storming out. Ciampa poses on stage and soaks in the boos
* Aleister Black defeated Killian Dain. Aleister with a moonsault to the outside. Killian takes control and dominates much of the match. Every time Aleister fights back Killian overpowers him. Aleister reverses the Ulster Plantation into a rollup, Killian kicks out, but catches a Black Mass for the pin
March 14th Episode:
* The Street Profits defeated Heavy Machinery in a first round match of the Dusty Rhodes Tag Team Classic. Otis Dozovic wants a sip of what's in Montez Ford's cup and Montez obliges. Otis chugs the cup, tosses it in the air and attacks Montez. They put Angelo Dawkins in a Final Cut position and use Montez as a battering ram to his crotch. Montez breaks up a Compactor attempt, Angelo hits a DDT on Otis and Montez hits a frogsplash on Otis for the win. Street Profits advance to the semifinals
* Johnny Gargano signs were just passed out to the audience by NXT crew
* Tommaso Ciampa comes out sans crutch. He still gets booed out of the building every time he tries to start his promo. Crowd holding the Johnny signs and chanting at Ciampa. Crowd pops when he drops the mic and goes to leave. Ciampa again leaves with no words
* Dakota Kai defeated Lacey Evans. This was a quick match. Dakota wins with a rollup. After the match, Shayna Baszler comes out, but NXT Women's Champion Ember Moon runs out before Shayna can attack. Ember says Shayna started it, but she's going to finish it at Takeover: New Orleans. They brawl and Shayna knocks Ember with a forearm shot. Ember hits a boot and goes for the Eclipse, but Shayna kicks her. Shayna starts to lock in a kimura, but Dakota jumps on the apron and hits a boot to Shayna. Ember hits the Eclipse to leave Shayna laying.
* It should be noted that we're really not sure where they are in the tapings, they've been filming randomly and with odd breaks
* SAnitY (Alexander Wolfe & Eric Young) defeated Tino Sabbatelli & Riddick Moss in a first round Dusty Rhodes Tag Team Classic match. Not much here. Miscommunications between Moss & Sabbatelli. Young hits his elbow drop but Moss breaks it up. Nikki jumps on Moss. EY hits the elevated neckbreaker on Tino to pick up the win. SAnitY advances to the semifinals
* WWE UK Champion Pete Dunne defeated Adam Cole via DQ to retain. This was a good match. Pete has control early. Dunne hits the flipout suplex on the apron. Cole gets the upperhand as Undisputed Era distract Dunne at ringside. Pete hits a powerbomb for a nearfall. They trade enziguris and kicks until Cole kick Pete out of the air as he flips off the turnbuckle. Pete ducks the shining wizard and hits a suplex. Pete goes for the Bitter End but Undisputed Era jump on the apron. Pete takes both out both. Cole hits a knee brainbuster for a nearfall. Pete goes for Bitter End when the Undisputed Era attack for the DQ. Roderick Strong runs down for the save and they clear the ring
* NXT General Manager William Regal out. Contract signing for the NXT Title match at "Takeover: New Orleans" -- Andrade "Cien" Almas defending against Aleister Black. Andrade is introduced, but Zelina Vega says Andrade is not here tonight and if he was here, he would destroy Aleister tonight. Aleister is ignoring Zelina and looking under the table. Aleister moves the table, sits down, and tells Zelina now they are on the same level. Zelina says Andrade is going to destroy him at New Orleans. Aleister says she's concerned that Andrade will come up, like her, a little short. Zelina slaps him. Aleister stands up, signs the contract, and leaves the ring. He says he's glad Zelina came out alone, because he didn't. Out comes Candice LeRae who attacks Zelina all over ringside and lays her out in the ring. Regal comes back out and thanks us and that's it for the tapings
HEALTH Minister Steven Miles warns it will take "a number of years” to complete the planning process to upgrade Bundaberg Hospital to a level five service.
Responding in parliament on Monday to a petition, tabled in February, Mr Miles said the government had committed $3 million to the development of a business case for the hospital.
Nursing practitioner Jane Truscott's petition, boasting 136 signatures, said an upgrade would enable moderate to highly complex care to be delivered locally to meet the growing health demands of the region.
"Many people require diagnostics and treatment unavailable in the public system in Bundaberg,” the petition said.
It outlined Bundaberg's estimated population growth and high prevalence of chronic disease.
Mr Miles said the community would get the opportunity to have its say during the development of the business case.
"It will take a number of years to complete the planning process and develop the business case for the construction of a new or redeveloped public hospital in Bundaberg,” he said.
"The government will consider Bundaberg Hospital's business case once it is completed.”
As I read Superhuman Social Skills (Amazon) I couldn't stop thinking that the guy who wrote it used to be into pickup. There's something cynical about the approach that makes me uncomfortable.
I care a lot about being a good friend, and got some ideas about how to do better in social situations I'm less comfortable with… and also some ideas that I don't plan to try. It's also all this guy's personal experience; there's very little data or research (maybe just one study). I don't know how much else is out there on this topic, but all in all I don't think this is the best read.
Book: Superhuman Social Skills was last modified: by
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Like this: Like Loading...
ACCRA, March 30 Ghana's government will name a new central bank governor in the next few weeks after the previous governor stepped down for personal reasons, the finance ministry said in a statement on Thursday.
The ministry said first deputy governor Millison Narh would run the central bank in the interim, in an apparent move to reduce uncertainty as the new government seeks to stabilize the national finances.
Sources close to the presidency said Akufo-Addo would name senior monetary policy expert Ernest Addison in the wake of the resignation of Nashiru Issahaku.
Addison, who holds a doctorate in economics and politics, worked at the African Development Bank as a senior economist and also helped design the Bank of Ghana's monetary policy.
President Nana Akufo-Addo's government came to power in January and is set to review with the International Monetary Fund the terms of a $918 million financial aid deal aimed at reducing inflation, the public debt and the fiscal deficit.
Those fiscal problems and a decline in global prices for Ghana's exports of gold and oil have led to a sharp slowdown in growth in a country that until 2014 had been one of Africa's fastest-growing economies.
"We want to assure all stakeholders that with our commitment to macroeconomic stability the new Governor will build significantly on the success of Dr. Issahaku," the finance ministry said.
Under Issahaku, the bank cut the benchmark interest rate by 50 basis points in January to 25.5 percent and by a further 200 basis points on Monday in what economists say is the start of an easing cycle as inflation falls. (Writing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
Dublin's Diarmuid Connolly will have until next Monday morning to lodge an appeal against the 12-week suspension handed down by the GAA's Central Hearings Committee in the early hours of Wednesday morning.
The current All Star had looked for a hearing after declining to accept the same 12-week punishment when proposed by the Central Competitions Control Committee, after he had been seen to push linesman Ciarán Branagan during the Leinster quarter-final against Carlow in Portlaoise on 3rd June.
Referee Seán Hurson drew attention to the infraction - defined as ‘laying a hand on, pushing, pulling or jostling' - in his report but had not acted on it during the match with the prescribed punishment of a red card.
One of the main reasons behind Dublin's request for a hearing was believed to be a desire to test the situation that has arisen whereby referee Hurson added to his report post hoc, having not taken any action - either on his own initiative or in response to it being drawn to his attention - at the time. This practice is unusual but apparently not unprecedented.
By not taking action at the time, Hurson it was argued could be deemed to have taken a decision not to pursue the matter in which case the charge might have fallen. Instead it was accepted that the referee's report supersedes any other consideration.
Connolly is believed to have argued with the assistance of video evidence that his action didn't constitute even ‘minor' physical interference under the rule. Neither Branagan nor Hurson appeared to notice the incident at the time.
In such cases video can only be used to disprove a referee's report and once an incident is included in the report it ranks as evidence. Clearly in this case the argument was rejected, as the infraction was deemed to have been ‘proven'.
The hearing lasted nearly five hours, concluding with the decision of the committee being published just before 3.0 on Wednesday morning.
Any appeal will have to be on the procedural aspects of the challenge, as it has been accepted that the infraction happened.
In another case from the same match, also heard on Tuesday night, Carlow's Brendan Murphy had his red card rescinded on the grounds that the first of two yellow cards had ‘been issued in error'.
This meant that the prescribed suspension of one match for an accumulation of three sendings-off (either for double yellow or black cards) in the same year was not imposed.
He will as a result be able to face London in the first round of the All-Ireland qualifiers.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (WFLA) – Police in St. Pete are trying to catch a “bully bandit” who can be seen on video frisking a 94-year-old pastor.
The video shows the bandit approach the victim at a gas station and offer to help him pump gas. He reaches for the victim's shirt and pants pockets as the victim walks into the store and again when he tries to leave.
The suspect will not leave the victim alone and continues to grab at his pockets until he is able to take an undisclosed amount of cash and flees.
If you recognize the man in the video, please text the keyword “SPPD” and your anonymous tip to TIP411 (847-411), or call 727-893-7780.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
LUXEMBOURG German beauty products maker Coty rejected claims that its distribution policies imply a blanket ban on online sales, arguing that its main concern was to safeguard the cachet of its luxury brands such as Marc Jacobs, Calvin Klein and Chloe.
The comments by the company, part of U.S. group Coty Inc, came in a landmark case which could determine whether luxury goods companies can stop retailers from selling their products via online marketplaces such as Amazon or eBay.
Brand owners have for the past decade argued they should have the right to choose their distributors to protect their image and exclusivity. Online platforms say such curbs are anti-competitive and hurt small businesses.
The issue is significant for Europe which accounts for 70 percent of global luxury sales.
The company told Europe's top court that its dispute with German retailer Parfumerie Akzente, which sells Coty's goods on sites including Amazon against its wishes, was not about imposing a ban on such trade.
The company's agreements preventing retailers from selling on third-party online platforms are aimed at preserving the image and quality of its products, its lawyer Andreas Lubberger told the Court of Justice of the European Union (ECJ).
Coty brought the original case in a Frankfurt court which subsequently sought guidance from the ECJ.
Parfumerie Akzente's lawyer Oliver Spieker questioned the validity of Coty's arguments. The company has 26 shops and owns the second biggest online site for perfumes and cosmetics in Germany.
The German government, a proponent of online trade, said online platforms were key outlets for small- and medium-sized enterprises.
"Restrictions must never be abused in order to close off new innovative formats of distribution," its lawyer Thomas Henze said.
eBay said in a statement it was vital to remove restrictions that prevent small and medium-sized businesses from growing and succeeding.
"Platform bans allow brands to keep prices artificially high and restrict consumer choice," the company said.
Luxembourg sees a blanket ban as disproportionate and unjustified, its lawyer Philippe-Emmanuel Partsch said. Amazon's European headquarters is located there.
France, home to luxury brands such as Louis Vuitton and Chanel, sprang to Coty's defence.
Online curbs safeguard the prestige and image of such products, Julie Bousin, lawyer for the French government, said.
Italy, Sweden, the Netherlands and Austria also intervened in the case. An ECJ court adviser will issue a non-binding opinion in coming months. Judges, who follow such recommendations in four out of five cases, will rule shortly after that.
The case is C-230 Coty Germany.
(Editing by Keith Weir/Alexander Smith and Andrew Hay)
(changes Turkey to Syria in second para)
ISTANBUL May 3 Turkey will continue to take measures against threats from its southern borders with Syria and Iraq, President Tayyip Erdoğan said on Wednesday.
Erdoğan, who was speaking at a joint news conference with Russian Presisent Vladimir Putin after a meeting in the Black Sea city of Sochi, said he believed Putin would play a major role in establishing a ceasefire in Syria.
(Reporting by Ece Toksabay and Tuvan Gumrukcu; Writing by David Dolan; Editing by Angus MacSwan)
Ballymena United manager David Jeffrey has blasted the playing surface at the Showgrounds after Saturday's 2-0 defeat to Linfield.
Goals from Jimmy Callacher and Andrew Waterworth sealed the win for the Blues - but before tonight's Danske Bank League clash against Cliftonville Jeffrey made his feelings about the pitch perfectly clear.
“The surface is diabolical. Here we have a top-class facility and yet there is no point in having the surroundings and the framework if the pitch is not in good order.
“And to be fair at the start of the season the pitch was in good order.
“But is having been slowing getting worse and it was fantastic to have the Irish Cup semi-final here.
“Tremendous - but on the day of the match I walked the pitch and it was awful.
“And Glenavon and Coleraine gave out about the state of the pitch.
“We have made countless efforts with council employees to lobby councillors but it seems to make no difference.
“And the icing on the cake was the night before we play Linfield there are tracks all over the pitch and we have pictures of cars parked on the playing surface.
“I am hoping that someone will grab the nettle. We are talking about cars driving over the pitch.”
April 5 President Donald Trump's nominee to lead the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, Dr. Scott Gottlieb, was questioned about his ties to the pharmaceutical industry by Democrats on a key Senate committee on Wednesday ahead of a vote on whether to advance his nomination for a vote by the full Senate.
Gottlieb, 44, is a former FDA deputy commissioner who has advocated a loosening of requirements needed for approval of new medical products. He is also a resident fellow at the conservative American Enterprise Institute think tank, a partner at a large venture capital fund and sits on the boards of multiple healthcare companies.
Democrats on the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, questioned whether Gottlieb's ties to the pharmaceutical industry would compromise his ability to act impartially.
Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut said Democrats had "a level of discomfort" with Gottlieb's nomination, not just due to his private industry background but because of his prior activity as a political advisor to Republican presidential candidates and opposition to the Affordable Care Act.
"The worry about impartiality is certainly connected to the private sector experience but it's also to your very deep political involvement as well," Murphy said.
Gottlieb acknowledged the concern but said he would "work hard to make sure I preserve my impartiality" and that he wanted to "earn and keep the public trust."
In an ethics disclosure form filed last month Gottlieb said he would resign from multiple corporate boards, divest his healthcare company holdings and resign from the company boards he sits on.
Overall, the hearing went smoothly for Gottlieb and covered his views on clinical trials, e-cigarettes, the lipoid epidemic and vaccines.
If approved by the committee Gottlieb's nomination will go to the Senate floor for a full vote. He is generally expected to be approved. (Reporting by Toni Clarke; Editing by Alistair Bell)
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Investigators for the Attorney General's office and Michigan State Police were on scene today at Michigan State University's Hannah Administrative Building and Fee Hall.
Andrea Bitely with the Attorney General's office tells FOX 47 News the investigators were retrieving items from William Strampel's office. Strampel is the dean for the College of Osteopathic Medicine and was Larry Nassar's former boss.
Bitley says the items were requested by the Special Counsel on January 27th and hadn't been turned over as of Friday.
She says the Attorney General's office will continue to investigate, but didn't provide any other details.
DENVER (AP) — Colorado's largest city is reviewing the first application from a business seeking to be among the nation's first legal marijuana clubs, a step that comes more than a year after voters approved a bring-your-own pot measure.
Dan Rowland, a spokesman for the Denver department that regulates marijuana businesses, said the city received the application from the Coffee Joint on Friday.
Co-owners Rita Tsalyuk and Kirill Merkulov plan to charge a $5 entry fee if they're approved for the license. Customers could use edible pot products or vaporizing pens inside, and the shop would sell food, host events and provide free coffee or tea, she said.
Denver voters approved the clubs in a 2016 ballot measure, but it took nine months for the city to start accepting applications. Advocates have complained that state restrictions preventing pot use at any business with a liquor license and the city's own rules unfairly limited potential locations for the clubs.
Advertisement
For instance, the city required pot clubs to be twice as far from schools and anywhere else children gather as liquor stores.
Customers buying marijuana products often ask where they are allowed to legally use it, and employees have few answers for tourists staying in hotels that ban marijuana use, Tsalyuk said.
Colorado law doesn't address pot clubs. In some cities, they are tolerated, while others operate secretly.
Other states with legal marijuana are at a standstill for developing rules governing places to consume pot products, including Alaska, where state regulators have delayed discussion of rules for retail shops until spring.
It could be months before Denver residents and tourists would be allowed to legally vape or eat pot products at the Coffee Joint. The city said it has just started to review the application and a public hearing will probably be scheduled within two to three months.
In the meantime, Tsalyuk and Merkulov want to open their business before the end of the year as a traditional coffee shop. For their 1,850-square-foot space, they plan to convert a garage to a space for "vape and paint" events, open a smaller room for private events and put in comfortable furniture.
"We want to give a better name to the cannabis industry and be good for residents, too," Tsalyuk said.
The proposal has the backing of a local neighborhood association, which submitted a letter of support to the city. Applicants have to show community support for their proposal as part of the licensing process.
Aubrey Lavizzo, a member of the La Alma Lincoln Park Neighborhood Association, said the club backers attended two of their meetings and invited members to tour the dispensary.
"They've shown us that they really want to be good neighbors," said Lavizzo, a veterinarian who has had a clinic in the neighborhood for over 30 years.
Merkulov said they are aware of the national and global spotlight on the industry.
"It's a new apex," he said. "We hope to prove this can be managed well and be safe."
___
Associated Press writer Colleen Slevin contributed to this report.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un appeared to take a step back from the brink of nuclear war today, when state media reported that he would "watch a little more the foolish and stupid conduct of the Yankees".
But, as is often the case with North Korea, the message was mixed: Kim was inspecting the missile unit tasked with preparing to strike near Guam, and photos released by state media showed a large satellite image of Andersen Air Force Base on Guam on the screen beside the leader.
"The US should stop at once arrogant provocations against the DPRK and unilateral demands and not provoke it any longer," the North Korean leader told his missile unit, according to a report from the state-run Korean Central News Agency.
If "the Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous reckless actions on the Korean Peninsula and in its vicinity," Kim continued, North Korea would "make an important decision as it already declared," he said.
Advertisement
Kim was visiting the Strategic Force of the Korean People's Army, the elite missile unit that - according to state media - is finalising preparations to launch ballistic missiles into the Pacific Ocean near the American territory of Guam. A decision was due this week, a week during which the Kim regime is celebrating the ruling family with huge propaganda displays in North Korea.
Kim "praised the KPA Strategic Force for drawing up a close and careful plan . . . and examined the firing preparations for power demonstration," the report said.
"He said that he wants to advise the US, which is driving the situation on the Korean Peninsula into the touch-and-go situation, running helter-skelter, to take into full account gains and losses with clear head whether the prevailing situation is more unfavourable for any party," the report quoted Kim as saying.
This came just hours after the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff told South Korean leaders that the United States was ready to use the "full range" of its military capabilities to deal with North Korea.
But General Joseph Dunford, speaking in Seoul, just 50km south of the border with North Korea, stressed that diplomacy and sanctions were the first plan of attack.
"The military dimension today is directly in support of that diplomatic and economic effort," Dunford told reporters after meeting South Korean President Moon Jae In in Seoul.
"It would be a horrible thing were a war to be conducted here on the peninsula, and that's why we're so focused on coming up with a peaceful way ahead," he said, according to Stars and Stripes.
"Nobody's looking for war," the Marine general said, according to the newspaper. But he added that the military's job was to provide "viable military options in the event that deterrence fails".
US Joint Chiefs Chairman General Joseph Dunford in Seoul, South Korea. Photo / AP US Joint Chiefs Chairman General Joseph Dunford in Seoul, South Korea. Photo / AP
Defence Secretary Jim Mattis said in Washington that it will be "game on" with North Korea if it hits the United States, including Guam, but he left it much more ambiguous what will happen if Pyongyang decides to shoot missiles near Guam, without attempting to hit the US island territory.
"That becomes an issue that we take up, and it's however the president chooses," Mattis said. "You can't make all of those kinds of decisions in advance. There is a host of things going on. There are allies we consult with, as the president made very clear last week when he talked about our allies repeatedly in his statement."
Mattis added that he needs a "certain amount of ambiguity on this, because I'm not going to tell [Kim] what I'm going to do in each case." But he warned pointedly: "You don't shoot at people in this world unless you want to bear the consequences".
Dunford was on the first stop of a trip that will also take him to Beijing and then to Tokyo, three capitals that do not want war to break out on their doorsteps.
North Korea state media releases images of Kim Jong-un being briefed about plans on Guam -- note the NKorea->Japan->Guam line on the map. pic.twitter.com/lcWjefdJ3c — Micah Grimes (@MicahGrimes) August 14, 2017
China signalled a potentially important break with North Korea as part of international sanctions. Beijing announced that it would ban imports of iron ore, iron, lead and coal from North Korea, cutting an important economic lifeline for Pyongyang. The ban will take effect from today, China's Ministry of Commerce announced.
In the meetings with the South Korean president and other top officials, Dunford appeared to offer a modified version of the threats that President Donald Trump has issued over the past week.
Trump last week warned North Korea that it would face "fire and fury" if it tried to attack the United States or its allies. Then after North Korea threatened to launch missiles toward Guam, Trump warned the regime that the US military was "locked and loaded".
But top Administration officials appear focused on trying to play down the prospect of nuclear war. CIA Director Mike Pompeo said, "An attack from North Korea is not something that is imminent". National security adviser H.R. McMaster said, "We're not closer to war than a week ago".
Mattis says if North Korea fires at U.S. it could 'escalate into war' https://t.co/mP20x8qiht pic.twitter.com/LSf0radP6W — Reuters Top News (@Reuters) August 15, 2017
"The object of our peaceful pressure campaign is the denuclearisation of the Korean Peninsula," Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson wrote in a joint op-ed article published by the Wall Street Journal. "The US has no interest in regime change or accelerated reunification of Korea. We do not seek an excuse to garrison US troops north of the Demilitarised Zone. We have no desire to inflict harm on the long-suffering North Korean people, who are distinct from the hostile regime in Pyongyang."
Officials in the South Korean Government have voiced surprise and confusion at Trump's tough talk of the past week.
Moon, elected as South Korea's President in May on a pledge to adopt a more conciliatory approach to North Korea, urged the United States to give diplomacy a chance.
"Peace will not come to the Korean Peninsula by force. Although peace and negotiation are painful and slow, we must pursue this path," Moon told his advisers ahead of his meeting with Dunford.
Calling the US-South Korea military partnership "an alliance for peace," Moon said he was "confident that the US will respond calmly and responsibly to the current situation." He even suggested that the gap between the allies was not large, as both are focused on peace.
Defense Dept: Trump has not asked for "military option" on North Korea despite claiming he did https://t.co/cb7b6QnwmR pic.twitter.com/JSrZKdUWXD — The Hill (@thehill) August 14, 2017
Seoul, a vibrant metropolitan area of 25 million people, lies within range of North Korea's conventional artillery, stationed just across the border 50km to the north. Hundreds of thousands of Americans, including more than 28,000 US troops, also live in South Korea.
After the meeting, Moon's spokesman said the President had "denounced" North Korea for disturbing the peace in the region with its repeated missile launches.
The US and South Korean militaries next week are set to start their annual autumn exercises, in which they practice responding to a North Korean invasion or the collapse of the regime in Pyongyang. North Korea always strongly objects to the drills, viewing them as a pretext for war.
General Vincent Brooks, commander of US Forces Korea, said the exercises would go ahead as planned, starting on August 21. "The exercises remain important to us, and we'll continue to move forward," he said, according to Stars and Stripes.
President Trump on Monday authorized his top trade official to look into whether China is guilty of intellectual property theft, a move that could eventually lead to trade sanctions.
Trump called his action "a very big move" against practices that cost our nation "millions of jobs and billions and billions of dollars each and every year."
He cited not just the theft of intellectual property such as computer software, but also Beijing's requirement that U.S. companies turn over proprietary technology as a condition of entering China's markets.
"We will safeguard the copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property that is so vital to our security and to our prosperity," Trump said at the White House. He was flanked by U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and members of his economic team.
Monday's steps were very preliminary, and analysts say that it could be a long time, if ever, before significant trade sanctions are imposed on China.
Eventually, it could lead the administration to initiate what's called a Section 301 investigation, a sanctions mechanism that's part of the Trade Act of 1974.
Section 301 was widely used in the 1980s under the Reagan administration, but subsequent presidents have chosen to hear trade disputes at the World Trade Organization.
Matt Gold, a former deputy assistant U.S. trade representative, told NPR that Section 301 can be imposed unilaterally and is generally seen as quicker than the alternatives, such as the WTO.
"It saves time," he said. A WTO case "would take a few years for us to bring it to a WTO panel, get a decision, then it will get appealed to the WTO appellate body. Then we get another decision. Then we have to go through another WTO process to get authorization for specific types of trade barriers. ... So it can take a few years to get the WTO authorization."
The White House move was applauded by technology groups, which have long complained about intellectual property theft. The Information Technology and Innovation Foundation issued a statement saying "for too long China has flouted the spirit, if not always the letter of its commitments under the WTO and other agreements."
Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, said launching the investigation sends a strong signal to China that it will be held accountable if it doesn't work with the United States to level the playing field. But he said the Trump administration needs to go further to address dumping of products such as steel.
"We need to follow through with meaningful action and that means the president needs to get serious about trade enforcement, especially on steel," Brown said.
But there are risks to the White House approach. Carolyn Freund, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, says U.S. companies that try to do business with China could get hurt in several ways.
"China is likely to retaliate with tariffs on their own of U.S. goods, and then U.S. companies will be further hurt in China," she said. "It won't lead to anything positive."
In an editorial on Monday, the state-run newspaper China Daily said the investigation will "poison" relations.
But Freund also points out that for all of Trump's rhetoric about China while on the campaign trail, the White House so far has been slow to take action against unfair trade practices. Trump backed off of labeling China a currency manipulator for instance, and a long promised report on steel dumping has been delayed.
She says that's because it's one thing to talk about steel tariffs, but imposing them hurts other U.S. manufacturers, such as automakers and appliance companies.
Two veteran township supervisors stepping aside in Lake County
hello
Two longtime township supervisors in Lake County will be exiting their jobs by not seeking re-election next year.
Vernon Township's William E. Peterson and Ela Township's Lucy Prouty are stepping away from the top elected positions. Contested elections will be held April 4 to decide the supervisor replacements in Buffalo Grove-based Vernon Township and Ela Township, headquartered in Lake Zurich.
Township supervisors are the business equivalent of a chief executive officer. Their duties include chairman of the board of trustees, administering general assistance programs for those in need and treasurer of a variety of funds.
Not all of Lake County's veteran township supervisors are ready to depart. For example, Warren Township's Suzanne Simpson has been supervisor in the Gurnee area since 1997 and will seek another four years when she faces Mary Turley in the April election.
William E. Peterson
For Peterson, 44 years of political service is enough.
"I'm now a motor-home owner, and I'd like to have more time to travel," said Peterson, 80, of Long Grove. "I'd like to get out through northern California and see the sequoias and the redwoods."
Peterson certainly has earned some time out of the public eye. The Chicago native and U.S. Army veteran first was elected to public office in 1973, when he ran for a seat on the Vernon Township board. At the time, he was working as a principal at Ravinia School in Highland Park.
Four years later, Peterson was elected township supervisor, a post he's held since then.
He also served in the state House from 1983 to 1993 and in the state Senate from 1993 to 2009.
Vernon Township includes parts of Long Grove, Lincolnshire, Buffalo Grove, Vernon Hills, Mundelein, Riverwoods, Mettawa and Indian Creek. The township is filled with residential subdivisions, industrial parks and shopping centers now. But when Peterson first was elected to township office, it looked very different.
"This area was more like a rural farm area," he recalled. There were a lot of little frame residences ... that have long since been demolished."
One of the township government's biggest responsibilities back then was road maintenance. But helping poor or financially struggling families was a priority, too -- one that continues today.
Under Peterson's watch, Vernon Township launched several programs to help residents in need, including a food pantry and a 50/50 cost sharing effort with American Taxi that helps seniors and people with disabilities get to medical appointments or hospitals.
The township also provides meals for needy families each Thanksgiving and runs an adopt-a-family gift program each Christmas.
"We look like we're a very prosperous area," Peterson said. "But we do have a lot of people who are just getting by. And it's nice when we can help those people."
Peterson called the construction of the Prairie View commuter train station in 1996 one of the highlights of his career. The township led the project and still maintains the station, which is on Metra's North Central line.
Veteran Fremont Township assessor and state Rep. Ed Sullivan Jr. of Mundelein said he was honored to work with Peterson at the local and state levels.
"Bill understood his constituents and how to serve his district," said Sullivan, who also is retiring from political service in 2017. "His 40-plus years in elected office should surprise no one, as he truly was a man of the people."
Lucy Prouty
As she heads toward the end of her time as Ela Township's supervisor, Prouty also will be concluding her tenure on statewide organizations.
Prouty, who has headed Ela since 2005 and plans to spend more time with her husband, has represented Lake County on the Township Supervisors of Illinois board of directors in a two-year term that began in 2015. She also has been part of the Township Officials of Illinois board.
"That's what I'm going to miss the most," said Prouty, 75. "I really enjoyed working with those (statewide) people."
Warren Township Supervisor Suzanne Simpson complimented Prouty's work on a statewide level. She said it's important to keep on top of what's happening in Springfield.
"She would always make sure (township) supervisors would know about legislation that could impact us," Simpson said.
Ela Township serves about 40,000 residents. It includes all or part of Barrington, Deer Park, Hawthorn Woods, Kildeer, Lake Zurich, Long Grove and North Barrington, along with sections of unincorporated Lake County near Palatine and Mundelein. Prouty has had several accomplishments since becoming Ela's supervisor nearly 12 years ago.
One achievement was the opening of the township's headquarters building on Route 22 in Lake Zurich in 2009. Completed on time and for less than a budgeted $2.8 million, the handsome structure was built to house offices for the supervisor, assessor, clerk and social worker.
Most recently, she pushed for a land purchase to build more athletic fields to help Lake Zurich-area youth sports. Ela Township spent $490,000 for 10 acres just south of Lake Zurich in unincorporated Lake County.
Nestled in a tranquil, residential setting close to Lake Zurich Unit District 95's Isaac Fox Elementary School and Middle School South, the land at 21096 N. Deerpath Road is expected to accommodate lacrosse and soccer.
"They need the playing fields," Prouty said.
Prouty, who was a professional hair stylist, launched her Ela Township political career as a trustee in 1990. She also had a stint as clerk before becoming supervisor.
While retiring from the supervisor post, she hopes to become a part-time clerk at Ela. She'll go up against Ellen Osiadac for the clerk job in April.
SMI REPORTS: Chief Medical Officer, Randall Stevens, to present at SMi's 17th annual Pain Therapeutics conference in London
Pain Therapeutics 2017
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Opioid
• Pain
• Analgesic Industry:
• Science Location:
• London - England - England
End
-- Stemming from insufficient efficacy and substantial risks in opioid dependency, the current set of analgesics available to patients have been inadequate to manage chronic pain, creating a growing need towards new drug discovery.Following on from this, the establishedconference will once again gather an audience of scientific pioneers and industry specialists to discuss new innovations when it returns to Central London for the 17th annual summit this May.With a focus on advancing a novel analgesic pipeline, SMi Group are delighted to welcome the expertise of Randall Stevens, Chief Medical Officer fromonto the agenda for 2017. Randall Stevens has extensive experience of more than 25 years in pharmaceutical medicine and has played an integral role in bringing a total of five drugs to market.His keynote address will delve deeper into; the development of novel, non-opioid analgesics which match the safety and efficacy requirements of indications and populations, the utility of Big Data analytics in identifying indications for novel analgesics; and draw from case study insight of CNTX-4975 development in Morton's Neuroma and Knee OsteoarthritisOther notable speakers on the panel at Pain Therapeutics 2017 include:Dr Stephen Doberstein, Senior Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer, Nektar PharmaceuticalsDr Joseph W. Stauffer, Chief Medical Officer, Cara Therapeutics IncDr Iain Chessell, Head of Neuroscience, AstraZenecaProf Theo Meert, Head of Global Government Grant Office, Janssen Pharmaceutica NVDr Steven Kamerling, Therapeutic Area Head for Pain, Inflammation and Oncology, ZoetisDr Richard Butt, Chief Executive Officer, Apollo TherapeuticsDr Narender Gavva, Scientific Director, AmgenDr Thomas Christoph, Head of Pharmacology and Biomarker Development, Grunenthal GmbHDr Ian Bell, Principal Scientist, MSD-USAProf Anthony Jones, Professor of Neuro-Rheumatology, University of ManchesterFurther information including a full speaker line-up is available at: http://www.smi- online.co.uk/ pharmaceuticals/ uk/pain-thera... Pain Therapeutics 201722nd & 23rd MayCopthorne Tara Hotel, London, UKhttp://www.smi-online.co.uk/pharmaceuticals/uk/pain-therapeutics--end –Contact Information:For media enquiries contact Teri Arri on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6162 / Email: tarri@smi-online.co.ukAbout SMi Group:Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world's most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk
The Secretary of State for Northern Ireland says she still has not decided on whether she will cut MLAs' pay, three months after she said she was minded to reduce the salaries.
In Wednesday's Northern Ireland Affairs Committee, Karen Bradley was taken to task by Lady Sylvia Hermon who quoted the minister's own words back to her from March 21, where she said it was clear from conversations with the public that there was a broad desire for a change and for the issue to be addressed.
"You were mindful three months ago - minded cutting these salaries. Have you any idea how angry and fed up the general public are that MLAs are still receiving a full salary 18 months after Stormont collapsed? How can you justify treading water?" Lady Hermon asked.
Ms Bradley said she was extraordinarily aware of how angry the public are about the full salaries being paid while Stormont does not function, but mindful that MLAs still work for their constituents.
"I asked for representations on what we should do from parties and MLAs, however this is people's employment and lives and mortgage payments, and I'm mindful MLAs still work for their constituents on the whole, so I am still considering the position."
Lady Hermon went on to tell Ms Bradley that the people of Northern Ireland will not be persuaded by her position.
When pressed on which parties objected to cutting MLA pay, Ms Bradley said it would not be appropriate to name parties or individuals.
It was revealed that it had cost the public £6.3 million in the last year to pay MLAs, excluding office costs.
Lady Hermon said the figure was an "absolutely outrageous amount of money paid to MLAs for not doing their job".
She added: "These are members of a legislative assembly that does not sit and does not legislate."
End
-- While many people are drawn to tech because of the boundless opportunities and everyday "magic" that comes with it, what we find most fascinating are the people behind the machines. Being a software developer boot camp, we find ourselves in a unique position where we encounter many of these people on a regular basis — so we took advantage and made a podcast!The Tech Academy Podcast is hosted by Tech Academy co-founder and experienced software developer Erik Gross, who sits down with fellow tech professionals and enthusiasts to talk all things tech. At the end of each episode, co-founder Jack Stanley leaves you with a helpful tip on how to succeed in business and professional world.In our first two episodes Jonathon Hensley of Emerge Interactive and Excel Developer Oz du Soleil shared with us how they got their start in development and data analysis. In our third episode, we interviewed Gustav of local Portland radio fame to hear about his surprising background in tech and its surprising connection with media arts.Whether you're a seasoned developer, business professional, novice coder or just interested in tech, this podcast is for you!You can find us on iTunes, Google Play, Stitcher or at thetechacademypodcast.podiant.co!A new episode of The Tech Academy Podcast is released every Tuesday.And as always, if you'd like to learn more about our software developer boot camp visit us at Learncodinganywhere.com
A Baptist church in South Carolina has voted to remove a statue of Jesus Christ because some believe it's too "Catholic" for their place of worship.
A statue outside the Red Bank Baptist Church in South Carolina. Source: Screenshot/WAFB
The hand-carved, 7-foot (2-meter) statue and accompanying reliefs showing scenes from the life of Christ have been displayed outside Red Bank Baptist Church in Lexington for a decade.
But Pastor Jeff Wright says the statue is being taken down this week. In a letter, Pastor said some congregants feel it is "Catholic in nature," and it needs to be removed to avoid confusion.
He did not explain why. Wright didn't return telephone calls or respond to messages The Associated Press left in person with his staff Wednesday.
The award is for books that engage with medicine, health or illness.
A novel that gives a “breathtaking account of addiction” and a story exploring the heartbreak of infertility are among the works on the shortlist for the Wellcome Book Prize.
Six titles are in the running for the £30,000 award, which is for books that engage with medicine, health or illness.
This year's judging panel selected one novel, one memoir and four non-fiction books.
They include Mayhem: A Memoir by Sigrid Rausing, which judge Bryony Gordon called “a breathtaking account of addiction and its effects on families”.
“Sigrid Rausing's book is powerful and searing without ever feeling exploitative; her writing is spare and honest, asking questions that many would be too frightened to,” Gordon said.
Ayobami Adebayo's debut Stay With Me offers an insight into fertility, family and the devastating effects of sickle-cell disease in the 1980s Nigeria.
Artist and writer Edmund de Waal, chair of the judging panel, said the book is “a remarkable and turbulent novel that sweeps the reader into the heartbreak of infertility and societal expectation”.
In The Butchering Art, author Lindsey Fitzharris evokes the grisly world of Victorian surgery, as Joseph Lister brings centuries of savagery, sawing and gangrene to an end.
Meredith Wadman takes readers into the 20th century in The Vaccine Race, presenting the game-changing story of the rubella vaccine breakthrough that has since protected hundreds of millions of people worldwide.
Mark O'Connell looks to the future in To Be A Machine, investigating and questioning the transhumanism movement and the aim of using technology to extend life and push the human body beyond its current limitations.
Judge Sumit Paul-Choudhury said the book “manages to be simultaneously hilarious, touching and utterly humane”.
The sixth contender is With The End In Mind, a book from palliative care consultant Kathryn Mannix which makes a compelling case for approaching death not with trepidation but with openness and understanding.
De Waal said of this year's selection: “The demand of judging the Wellcome Book Prize is to find books that have to be read, books to press into people's hands, books that start debates or deepen them, that move us profoundly, surprise and delight and perplex us, that bring the worlds of medicine and health into urgent public conversation: books that show us what it is to be human. These are six powerful books to read and share.”
Kirty Topiwala, publisher at Wellcome Collection and Wellcome Book Prize manager, said: “Year on year this genre continues to excel. These six exceptional books brilliantly demonstrate the variety, style and power of contemporary writing engaged with health and the human experience.”
The winner will be revealed on April 30.
© Press Association 2018
BANGKOK: A minivan and a pickup truck both packed with passengers collided in eastern Thailand on Monday, killing 25 people in a harrowing reminder of the country's notoriously dangerous roads.
Police said the minivan driver lost control and ploughed through a central reservation into oncoming traffic in the eastern province of Chonburi. Both vehicles burst into flames.
“Twenty-five people were killed in the road accident,” Police Lieutenant Colonel Wiroj Jamjamras at Ban Bueng provincial police station told Agence France-Presse, adding two toddlers were among the dead.
“The victims were killed by fire or the impact,” he added.
Wiroj said 15 people were inside the minivan while 12 passengers were packed into the pickup truck.
Two were injured but are expected to survive, he added.
Footage broadcast on Channel 3 showed firefighters tackling the burning, twisted wreckage of the two vehicles.
Despite relatively good infrastructure, Thailand has the world's second most dangerous roads in terms of per capita deaths, according to data collected by the World Health Organization in a 2015 report.
Fatalities tend to rise in the New Year week and during Songkran, a religious festival in April, when millions of low-paid workers return to the countryside from their city jobs to see family.
Both weeks are dubbed the “Seven Deadly Days” in Thai media, with the government keeping a daily death tally during those two periods to try to encourage better road safety.
As of Sunday—the fourth day of the country's New Year holiday week—280 people had died on Thailand's roads, a 10 percent increase on last year.
Some 43 percent of the recorded smashes involved drink-driving and 82 percent involved motorbikes. AFP
AFP/CC
A ceremony to unveil a new bronze statue of women's rights campaigner Millicent Fawcett was held Tuesday outside Britain's Parliament. Fawcett is the first woman to be commemorated there alongside statues of 11 men including Nelson Mandela, Abraham Lincoln and Winston Churchill.
Listen to audio 10:00 Share WorldLink: Struggle for suffrage Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2u0oH WorldLink: Struggle for suffrage
Fawcett was president of the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies and a key campaigner in the movement that got British women over 30 the right to vote in 1918. Although she died in 1929 at the age of 82, she lived to see women get the same voting rights as men.
Speaking at the ceremony, Prime Minister Theresa May said "Few of us can claim to have made an impact as significant and lasting as Dame Millicent, and it is right and proper that, today, she takes her place at the heart of our democracy."
Read more:Who were the pioneers of Germany's women's movement?
The statue was the result of a campaign launched by feminist Caroline Criado-Perez who said that her research had shown that there were more statues in Britain of men called John that there were statues of women. If you exclude memorials to Queen Victoria, less than 3 percent of statues in the UK are of women.
The statue, by Turner prize-winning artist Gillian Wearing, is of Fawcett holding a placard reading "Courage Calls To Courage Everywhere." The line is from a speech Fawcett gave upon the death of Suffragette Emily Wilding Davidson at the 1913 Epsom Derby horse race.
Read more: Historic Saudi election sees several women win seats
Emily Wilding Davidson threw herself under King George V's horse to protest women's lack of a right to vote
Fawcett's life devoted to women's rights
Fawcett herself was a Suffragist, which was part of a moderate movement that predated the more militant Suffragettes.
She was president of the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies between 1897 and 1901 and is best known for her campaign to improve women's opportunities in higher education. She was a co-founder of the women-only Newnham College at Cambridge University.
Suffragette leaders from many countries met in London in 1909.
The honoring of Fawcett is the high point of celebrations marking the centenary of women's right to vote and comes at a time of revelations about the extent of the gender pay gap in Britain and other persistent inequalities.
av/rt (DPA, Reuters, AP)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — For the third time, Tom Brady is the NFL's Most Valuable Player.
Now he goes for his sixth Super Bowl title, and perhaps with it a fifth MVP trophy for the NFL championship.
Brady added The Associated Press 2017 NFL MVP award Saturday night at NFL Honors to his wins in 2007 and 2010. The New England Patriots quarterback was joined as an honoree by three Los Angeles Rams: Coach of the Year Sean McVay, Offensive Player of the Year running back Todd Gurley and Defensive Player of the Year tackle Aaron Donald.
Other winners in voting by a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league were Los Angeles Chargers receiver Keenan Allen as Comeback Player; New Orleans running back Alvin Kamara and cornerback Marshon Lattimore as top offensive and defensive rookies, respectively; and former Minnesota Vikings offensive coordinator Pat Shurmur, now head coach of the New York Giants, as Assistant Coach of the Year.
Brady is the second the player in the four major professional sports to win MVP at age 40; Barry Bonds won baseball's award in 2004.
Wide receiver Julian Edelman, who missed the entire season with a knee injury, accepted for Brady.
“Thanks, thanks. Wait up. I literally just found out I was doing this like 20 minutes ago. So, I've got to read the text,” Edelman said.
“No, but I'm joking. But serious, Tom said he wanted to say he's very honored and humbled that he gets this award for MVP. Also, he wanted to thank his teammates, his friends, his family and the Patriots organization for going out and doing what they do.”
Brady competed 385 of 581 passes (66.2 percent) for 4,577 yards and 32 touchdowns with eight interceptions as New England went 13-3 for the AFC's best record. At an age when many QBs are deep into retirement, Brady is throwing deep — and short — as well as ever.
Donald was the first pure defensive tackle to win the award since Warren Sapp in 1999. He said it means “everything. That's one of the best to ever do it. So, even for my name to be next to that guy's name is beyond a blessing. This is what you dream about as a kid, dreaming about playing in the NFL to have success like this, to be able to (play good enough) to win this trophy.”
Gurley's sensational turnaround season in which he ran for 13 touchdowns and caught six TD passes sparked an equally impressive reversal of fortunes by his team, which won the NFC West at 11-5.
“The Saints got the rookies and we took home the offensive and defensive” player awards,” Gurley noted. “It just tells you the type of players we have on the team. We all help each other out, absolutely. We have some talent, but we're nothing without the whole nine yards and everybody together. And we also have a coach who's up for Coach of the Year.”
A little while later, McVay was handed the coaching award.
In his first season running a team and as the youngest head coach in NFL history, McVay led the Rams to a seven-game improvement. McVay, who turned 32 on Jan. 24, ran away with the voting with 35 votes to 11 for Minnesota's Mike Zimmer.
“What it means is we had a good season that I think we can build on,” McVay said. “But you have to earn it every single day. It's a very humbling league.”
The Rams' hat trick of awards was not unprecedented. In 2003, Baltimore's Ray Lewis was top defensive player, Jamal Lewis won the best offensive player, and Terrell Suggs was Defensive Rookie of the Year. And in 1999, the St. Louis Rams had three award winners: Kurt Warner (MVP), Marshall Faulk (Offensive Player) and Dick Vermeil (Coach).
New Orleans' sweep of the rookie awards was the first since 1967, when Detroit running back Mel Farr and cornerback Lem Barney were honored. That was the first season for the top defensive rookie award.
“You get caught up in the season, you don't really get time to pat yourself on the back,” Kamara said. “But when the season is over you realize what you've done. I've kind of had to time to look back and say, I made some history this season.”
Kamara shared duties with veteran Mark Ingram as the Saints won the NFC South. He rushed for 728 yards with a 6.1-yard average, and scored eight times. He also caught 81 passes for 826 yards, with five touchdowns.
The 11th overall draft pick and first from his position selected, Lattimore was a shutdown defender as the Saints went 11-5. He had five interceptions and 18 passes defensed in 13 games, was a sure tackler and, by midseason, was someone opposing quarterbacks tended to avoid. He missed three games, one because of a concussion and two with an ankle injury.
Allen returned from two devastating injuries to win the comeback honor. Allen missed half of the 2015 season with a kidney issue, then was lost in the 2016 season opener with a torn right ACL. There were questions if Allen would ever player at a high level again.
He answered those emphatically this season with the best year of his career. Allen caught 102 passes for 1,393 yards and six touchdowns. He was targeted 159 times, nearly 10 per game.
The awards were announced Saturday night at NFL Honors, when Houston Texans defensive end J.J. Watt received the league's Walter Payton Award as man of the year. Watt, in his seventh NFL season and a three-time Defensive Player of the Year, had the goal of raising $200,000 for Hurricane Harvey relief in Houston. His fundraising did a whole lot more, bringing in an incredible $37 million in 19 days.
“I've been fortunate to be on this stage and to win Defensive Player of the Year awards, but everything that you do on the field pales in comparison to what you do off the field,” Watt said. “And at the end of my life, if I'm remembered as a football player and a good football player and that's all I'm remembered for, then I did a poor job in my life. When I go to my grave I want to be remembered as a guy who helped people out and who tried to do as much as he could off the field to be the best man he could be. I'm trying to make my family proud and my fans proud, and go out there and just be the best person I can be and leave the world a little bit better.”
___
AP Pro Football Writers Josh Dubow and Arnie Stapleton contributed.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Advertising is the key to selling products and services. If you do not post announcements and if you do not let everyone know what you have to offer, you will not be able to find buyers. The good news is that online you can benefit from free classifieds in Dubai. There are online listings that display items in relevant categories, so that shoppers find them easily. Sellers can post free ads in Abu Dhabi and enjoy the features.
Companies connect with potential customers via free classifieds in Dubai and it is a very effective way of getting the word out about products and services, about the company in general. Just imagine the time saved, since it is free, you can post announcements about several products and renew them regularly. There is no need to focus so much on text, as it can be changed and you simply need to add a concise description, pointing out important details and the price. Of course, you need to mention how you prefer to sell items, if buyers contact you directly via telephone or messages or you want another channel.
Many people go through classified ads, they simply look around or they need a specific product or service. A specific target market is aimed by using categories. Once placing an ad, you have to choose a relevant category and those interested select that filter mainly. Companies and individuals that post free ads in Abu Dhabi in the online environment benefit from great accessibility. Compared with written ads or the ones broadcasted on TV or on the radio, ads can be saved and viewed later on, they are there and you have contact information within reach. It is very convenient and websites have added facilities, showing how many views the ad had, suggesting categories and changes and such.
Who wouldn't like to be able to sell more items faster? It is possible when you know where to post ads, how to reach the target audience. Especially since it is free, you can post ads without risking anything and add as many announcements as you please. If potential buyers want to negotiate the price, they can get in touch and say how much they are willing to pay or ask additional information to take the final decision. Why not take advantage of these great functionalities, especially when they are free. Online listings help businesses and people sell their products and services.
Ada are not used just by those who want to sell something, but by those who rent apartments and commercial spaces, who have job openings within a company and more. When you enter such a website, you can see the categories clearly and you register as a member and then post the needed ads. To improve chances of selling something, photos should be added, reflecting products from their best angle, no matter if they are used or brand new.
Have you ever tried free classifieds in Dubai ( https://freesoog.com ) to sell something? You are missing great opportunities, so don't hesitate anymore and post free ads in Abu Dhabi ( https://freesoog.com ) .
