As part of the crew digging a subway extension under the streets of Los Angeles, Ashley Leger always keeps her safety gear close by.
When her phone buzzes, she quickly dons a neon vest, hard hat and goggles before climbing deep down into a massive construction site beneath a boulevard east of downtown.
Earth-movers are diverted, and Leger gets on her hands and knees and gently brushes the dirt from a spot pointed out by a member of her team. Her heart beats faster because there's a chance she'll uncover what she calls "the big find."
Leger is a paleontologist who digs for fossils in the middle of a city rather than an open plain or desert. She works for a company contracted by Los Angeles transportation officials to keep paleontologists on hand as workers extend a subway line to the city's west side.
"They're making sure that they're recovering every single fossil that could possibly show up," Leger said of her team of monitors. "They call me anytime things are large and we need to lead an excavation."
Since work on the extension began in 2014, fossilized remains have routinely turned up from creatures that roamed the grasslands and forests that covered the region during the last Ice Age, about 10,000 years ago.
They include a partial rabbit jaw, mastodon tooth, camel foreleg, bison vertebrae, and a tooth and ankle bone from a horse.
But the discovery that still makes Leger shake her head in disbelief came about a year ago, shortly after construction began on the project's second phase. She was at home getting ready for bed when a call came in from one of her monitors.
"It looks big," he told her.
The next morning, Leger knelt at the site and recognized what appeared to be a partial elephant skull.
It turned out to be much more. After 15 hours of painstaking excavation, the team uncovered an intact skull of a juvenile mammoth.
"It's an absolute dream come true for me," said Leger, who spent the previous decade at a South Dakota mammoth site with no discoveries even close to the size of the one in Los Angeles. "It's the one fossil you always want to find in your career."
California's stringent environmental laws require scientists to be on hand at certain construction sites.
Paleontologists have staffed all L.A. subway digs beginning in the 1990s, when work started on the city's inaugural line, said Dave Sotero, spokesman for the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
Paying for the paleontologist staff from Cogstone Resource Management is factored into the project's cost, he said. When scientists are brought in to see what crews might have unearthed, work on the project continues, albeit in a different location.
"Our crews try to be as mindful as possible to help them do their jobs. We get out of their way," Sotero said, adding that when the mammoth skull was uncovered, construction workers helped deliver it to the mouth of the site.
From there, the skull was hauled a mile or so to Los Angeles' La Brea Tar Pits and Museum, home to one of America's most fossil-rich sites.
Assistant curator Dr. Emily Lindsey called it a "pretty remarkable find," noting that while thousands of dire wolf and saber-toothed cat remains have been uncovered in L.A., there have been only about 30 mammoths.
A few hundred pounds and the size of an easy chair, the skull is especially rare because both tusks were attached. It's being studied and is available for public viewing inside the museum's glass-walled Fossil Lab.
With a nod to Hollywood, the 8- to 12-year-old Colombian mammoth was named Hayden, for the actress Hayden Panettiere, featured in the TV series "Nashville" and "Heroes."
The Cogstone monitor at the construction site had been watching her on television before spotting the speck of bone that turned out to be the intact skull.
Similar endeavors have turned up subterranean treasures during digs in other cities.
Workers at a San Diego construction site found fossils including parts of a mammoth and a gray whale and multiple layers of ancient seashells.
Last year, crews working on a development near Boston's seaport uncovered a 50-foot (15-meter) wooden boat possibly dating as far back as the late 18th century.
Lindsey praised California's efforts to ensure science and urban development overlap, while bemoaning what bygone treasures may have been lost before the regulations went into place in the early 1970s.
"Most of the past is below the ground, so you're only going to find it when you dig," she said. "As the city grows, I'm sure we'll find more exciting fossil material."
———
Follow Christopher Weber at https://twitter.com/WeberCM .
A Bay Area woman who witnessed some of the violence that erupted Saturday in Charlottesville is speaking out about her experience."It was honestly a hard decision to be there," San Jose resident Kristin Savini said.Savini is still in disbelief over what she witnessed this weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia. She was visiting her daughter at medical school at the University of Virginia and knew about the protests, but was shocked when she came face to face with what she called hatred.It was difficult for Savini to distinguish white nationalists who came to rally from militia men who were heavily armed.Savini says the counterprotesters outnumbered the white nationalists, but it was still scary to see the racist and anti-Semitic messages. "That was really disturbing, so surreal to see people actually burning torches," she said.At one point, she saw a car accelerate and head into a group of counterprotesters."All of a sudden they just hit the gas and tore out into the group of people and they did hit one of the counter protestors that was close. He fell and popped right back up," Savini said.Fortunately, the one man who fell was not hurt. That incident happened a block away from the other car that rammed into protestors on Saturday, killing one woman and injuring more than a dozen others.Sivini says she returns home grateful that for the most part the Bay Area is a place where diversity and acceptance are celebrated.
Hundreds of rescuers -- including soldiers, firefighters, police and volunteers -- were still digging through vast piles of mud on Wednesday, a day after landslides killed at least 140 people in southeastern Bangladesh.
Abortion may be one of the most politically charged issues in the world related to religion – but you'd never know it in Israel.... subscribe now to get the full story Subscribe Log in Haaretz unlimited. Only 1$ for the first month
BBNaija! Miracle Shares First Picture After Winning N45million
The winner of Big Brother Naija 2018 ‘Double Wahala' posted his first photo after return to Nigeria yesterday night alongside his four other colleagues. He appreciated his fans who are almost 300,000 for their support and revealed he will be going on a media tour. In his words: “Wow! It's so good to be out here […]
The post BBNaija! Miracle Shares First Picture After Winning N45million appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Anyone who gets to see the total solar eclipse on August 21 will be lucky — and humanity is lucky to live on a planet that even has this kind of celestial event.
Mercury and Venus, after all, don't even have moons. Mars has a couple, but they're too small to completely blot out the sun. Gas giants like Jupiter do have big moons, but they don't have solid surfaces where you could stand and enjoy an eclipse.
And, even with solid land and a moon, Earth only gets its gorgeous total solar eclipses because of a cosmic coincidence.
"They appear to be the same size because of their distance away from us," explains Amber Porter, an astronomer at Clemson University, which is in the path of the upcoming eclipse. The diameter of Earth's moon is about 400 times smaller than the diameter of the sun, but "even though the moon is about 400 times smaller than the sun, it's about 400 times closer to us here on Earth, which is how that perfect kind of magic happens."
Because of this quirk, the tiny moon can obscure the entire face of the sun and reveal its eerie corona, at least right now. In the past, Earth's eclipses did not look like this.
"The size of the sun hasn't really changed over the age of Earth, but the moon has been moving away from Earth over eons. So in the past it looked bigger," says Matija Cuk, a planetary scientist at the SETI Institute.
The moon is still moving away from Earth, he says. Every year, it shifts outward about an inch-and-half.
"So actually for billions of years you can have a total eclipse, but this very evenly matched eclipse, where it is barely total, that happens for a relatively short amount of time," says Cuk.
In only about 600 million years, the moon will look small enough that it no longer completely covers the sun, and whoever is left on Earth won't see any more total solar eclipses. So, get them while you can.
CLOSE Cornell University held its seventh annual Town-Gown Awards at Ithaca High School on Saturday. Sarah Mearhoff
Shannon Mouillesseaux, a Spencer-Van Etten Graduate of Distinction, has traveled the world in her career. (Photo: Provided photo)
A few weeks ago, the Spencer-Van Etten School District honored this year's Graduates of Distinction — men and women with exemplary lifetime achievements.
Each is a testimony to the strong foundation their high school years in S-VE gave them, both in academics and in the values of hard work, perseverance, commitment and service.
One woman and two men were honored this year — Shannon Mouillesseaux, Bob Bowen and Tom Wiita.
Shannon Mouillesseaux graduated from S-VE and traveled the world in her career. For close to 20 years, she worked in the humanitarian field as a practitioner, researcher, writer and editor, focusing on the forced displacement of people. She worked for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) in Africa, Asia and Europe, advocating for the protection of asylum-seekers, refugees, internally displaced persons and stateless individuals. As part of her role while working in refugee camps, she interviewed displaced persons, helped them get their basic needs met and their human rights respected.
During her years working for UNHCR at their Swiss headquarters, she wrote, edited or revised numerous U.N. publications. While in Switzerland, she used her personal time to start iSurvived, the U.N.'s first support and advocacy group for staff who have experienced PTSD and other forms of trauma, while working in hardship locations, war zones and other challenging contexts. She continues to advocate for the well-being of humanitarian staff. Mouillesseaux is currently working independently as a consultant to UNHCR in Switzerland, to the U.N. in New York and for the Near East Foundation. She welcomes contact from any individual interested in learning more about refugees and/or working for the UN. She can be reached at shannonmou@yahoo.com.
Bob Bowen is the only one of the three honorees who chose to stay in his home community. He said in his remarks that he was grateful that he could stay and be successful here, as not everyone has that opportunity.
Bowen graduated with the Class of 1969 and went on to become the owner, manager and cook of McAnn's Restaurant in Van Etten. Running a successful business has enabled him to give back locally. He has been a faithful supporter of many programs, including the Spencer-Van Etten Youth Association sports programs, Boy and Girl Scouts, Candor Legion, Erin Historical Society, SVE Community Food Cupboard and the Van Etten Fire Department. Bowen particularly liked baseball, so he volunteered as a coach and umpire for Little League for eight years, as well as coaching youth soccer and basketball. He also coached modified baseball and basketball at the school, was president of the Spencer-Van Etten Golf League and was a founding member of SVE Alumni Association. With his wife, Ruthie, he was inducted into the S-VE Athletic Hall of Fame for their contributions to the S-VE athletic programs over several decades.
Bob Bowen, left, and Tom Wiita are two of the Spencer-Van Etten School District's Graduates of Distinction. (Photo: Provided photo)
Tom Wiita graduated two years ahead of Bowen, with the Class of 1967. He took a very different path in his career, graduating first from Harvard College in economics and a few years later, earning an MBA in general management from Harvard Business School. He joined the General Electric Co., where he held several positions at GE's Medical Systems Group, before leaving to become president of a startup company in the medical device industry.
From then on, his career path was largely as a high-tech entrepreneur in medical technology. As CEO of several startups, he worked on drug delivery devices, devices to treat peripheral arterial disease, and catheters for chemotherapy. Wiita estimates that roughly two out of three persons with a chemotherapy port is wearing the catheter he invented.
In his remarks, Wiita said S-VE had prepared him well to compete with students at Harvard who had attended the most elite prep schools in the country. He was proud of that and remembered his years in our community with fondness.
Appreciation for volunteers
There are lots of wonderful Christmas lights out now. Thank you to Joan and Dale Weston for their continued faithful stewardship of Nichols Pond. They rallied pond boosters to come out and decorate by the war memorial.
Writing about the pond brings to mind other volunteers, such as Wayne Myers and Donna Brown, who planted and care for the garden near Spencer Auto Supply. Wayne dropped off his Myers' Garden 2018 calendar, and I recommend it! The first page has a photograph of a forsythia bush in full glory — huge and bright yellow and a guaranteed antidote to winter doldrums or March mud. If you'd like to buy a calendar, you can call Wayne at 607-589-4572.
Cookies for a cause
Don't forget the Cookie Walk at McAnn's Restaurant from 8 a.m. to noon Saturday. Buy some cookies and support the 2018 after-graduation party. You can donate cookies, too. Call Jennifer with questions: 607-280-9426.
Service of Remembrance
If you have experienced a loss this year or are still grieving a loss from another year, Christ the King Fellowship (the red brick church in Spencer) will hold a Service of Remembrance at 4 p.m. Sunday. Please call 589-4900 with the name of your loved one and how many people might attend with you. If you decide to come at the last moment, that is fine, too.
The holidays can be very difficult when you are missing your loved one. I know, as I've been there.
Spencer-Van Etten Town Talk appears every Tuesday. Submit items to Sally Marx at P.O. Box 723, Spencer, NY 14883, 589-6311, or SMarx25@htva.net.
Read or Share this story: http://ithacajr.nl/2jyiiMM
(AP Photo/Eric Gay). Federal investigators work near the site of Sunday's explosion, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Austin, Texas. Multiple people were injured in the explosion Sunday night, and police warned nearby residents to remain indoors overnight as...
(AP Photo/Eric Gay). An Austin police officer raises a barrier near the site of Sunday's explosion, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Austin, Texas. Multiple people were injured in the explosion Sunday night, and police warned nearby residents to remain indoo...
(AP Photo/Eric Gay). Interim Austin police chief Brian Manley, left, talks with FBI Special Agent in Charge Christopher Combs, right, near the site of Sunday's explosion, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Austin, Texas. Fear escalated across Austin on Monday ...
( Jay Janner/Austin American-Statesman via AP). Investigators on Monday March 19, 2018, work at the scene of a bomb explosion on Dawn Song Drive in Austin, Texas, that seriously injured two men Sunday. Two people have now been killed and four wounded i...
(AP Photo/Eric Gay). An Austin police officer talks with a woman at a barrier near the site of Sunday's explosion, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Austin, Texas. Multiple people were injured in the explosion Sunday night, and police warned nearby residents ...
By PAUL J. WEBER and WILL WEISSERT
Associated Press
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - William Grote says the latest attack by a suspected serial bomber that has terrorized Austin for weeks left what appeared to be nails embedded in his grandson's knees.
Police and federal agents said that the blast Sunday night triggered along a street by a nearly invisible tripwire suggests a "higher level of sophistication" than they have seen before in three early package bombs left on doorsteps, and means the carnage is now random, rather than targeted at someone in particular.
Two people are dead and four injured, and authorities don't appear closer to making any arrests in the four bombings that have rocked the capital city.
Authorities haven't identified the latest victims, but Grote told The Associated Press that his grandson was one of the two men wounded in southwest Austin's quiet Travis Country neighborhood. They suffered what police said were significant injuries and remained hospitalized in stable condition.
Grote said his grandson is cognizant but still in a lot of pain. He said the night of the bombing, one of the victims was riding a bike in the street and the other was on a sidewalk when they crossed a trapwire that he said knocked "them both off their feet."
"It was so dark they couldn't tell and they tripped," he said. "They didn't see it. It was a wire. And it blew up."
Grote said his son, who lives about 100 yards (91 meters) away from the blast, heard the explosion and raced outside. "Both of them were kind of bleeding profusely," Grote said.
That was a departure from the three earlier bombings, which involved parcels left on doorsteps that detonated when moved or opened.
The tripwire twist heightened the fear around Austin, a town famous for its cool, hipster attitude.
"It's creepy," said Erin Mays, 33. "I'm not a scared person, but this feels very next-door-neighbor kind of stuff."
Authorities repeated prior warnings about not touching unexpected packages and also issued new ones to be wary of any stray object left in public, especially one with wires protruding.
"We're very concerned that with tripwires, a child could be walking down a sidewalk and hit something," Christopher Combs, FBI agent in charge of the bureau's San Antonio division, said in an interview.
Police originally pointed to possible hate crimes, but the victims have now been black, Hispanic and white and from different parts of the increasingly diverse city. Domestic terrorism is among the variety of possible motives investigators are looking at.
Local and state police and hundreds of federal agents are investigating, and the reward for information leading to an arrest has climbed to $115,000.
"We are clearly dealing with what we believe to be a serial bomber at this point," Austin police Chief Brian Manley said, citing similarities among the four bombs. He would not elaborate, though, saying he didn't want to undermine the investigation.
While the first three bombings all occurred east of Interstate 35, a section of town that tends to be more heavily minority and less affluent, Sunday's was west of the highway. The differences in where the blasts have occurred, the lack of a motive and other unknowns make it harder to draw conclusions about a possible pattern, further unnerving a city on edge.
Thad Holt, 76, said he is now watching his steps as he makes his way through a section of town near the latest attack. "I think everybody can now say, 'Oh, that's like my neighborhood,'" he said.
Fred Milanowski, agent in charge of the Houston division of the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, said the latest bomb was anchored to a metal yard sign near the head of a hiking trail.
"It was a thin wire or filament, kind of like fishing line," he said. "It would have been very difficult for someone to see."
Milanowski said authorities have checked more than 500 leads. Police asked anyone with surveillance cameras at their homes to come forward with the footage on the chance it captured suspicious vehicles or people.
Noel Holmes, whose house is about a mile away, was stunned by how loud Sunday's explosion was.
"It sounded like a very nearby cannon," Holmes said. "We went out and heard all the sirens, but it was eerie. You didn't feel like you should be outside at all."
Spring break ended Monday for the University of Texas and many area school districts. University police warned returning students to be alert and to tell their classmates about the danger, saying, "We must look out for one another." None of the four attacks happened close to the campus near the heart of Austin.
The PGA's Dell Technologies Match Play tournament is scheduled to begin in Austin on Wednesday, and dozens of the world's top golfers were to begin arriving.
"I'm pretty sure the tour has enough security to keep things safe in here. But this is scary what's happening," said golfer Jhonattan Vegas, already in town.
Andrew Zimmerman, a 44-year-old coffee shop worker, said the use of a tripwire adds a new level of suspected professionalism and makes it harder to guard against such attacks.
"This makes me sick," he said.
___
Associated Press writer Jim Vertuno contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By Pamela Shumba
Construction companies in Bulawayo have called for a fresh bidding process for the $60 million Egodini Mall project saying the initial communication on the project was not adequate.
Companies from Bulawayo and other parts of the country submitted their bids recently to participate in the ambitious project, which is expected to be handed over to the contractor, Terracotta Private Ltd, at the end of January next year with construction work slated for April 2018.
The request to extend the bid process was made during a meeting organised by the Construction Industry Federation of Zimbabwe (Cifoz) on Friday, where the director of Terracotta, Mr Thulani Moyo, indicated that the initial tender closed with eight bidders having expressed interest in being part of the project.
Participants who attended the meeting asked for a special extension to allow them to submit their papers.
In response, Mr Moyo said they would engage the city council and see if they can consider advertising the tender again.
The contracting firms argued that the more submission Terracotta receives the more choices they have.
“We'll carefully look into that and see if we can re-advertise. The bidding process was closed on Friday last week (01 December 2017) and we received eight submissions from interested business people.
We're already in the process of assessing the firms to see if they qualify and match the requirements,” said Mr Moyo.
“We issued a tender beginning of October and it closed on December 1, 2017. We received eight submissions. Although the tender is open to everyone, we want the people of Bulawayo to benefit from this project.”
He assured participating firms that his company would try to be as inclusive as possible throughout the whole project.
Mr Moyo indicated that the first phase of the Egodini Mall will start in April after the city council hands over the site to them.
“If we have access to the site earlier we would be happy because we're ready. We'll start with the fencing, demolitions and civil works before the real construction starts in April,” said Mr Moyo.
Last week, city fathers resolved to hand over project site to the contractor at the end of next month.
This was after the finance committee chairperson, who is also Ward 16 councillor, Nephat Sibanda, moved a motion urging the local authority to cancel the tender due to failure by the contractor to implement the project on time.
Terracotta won the tender for the project in 2012. The councillors did not adopt the motion arguing that council was also to blame for the delay.
The mega project, to be undertaken in phases, is expected to create thousands of jobs during construction and after completion.
About 1 100 informal traders and 2 000 public transport operators make a living from operating at Egodini.
With limited alternative economic opportunities, Terracotta said it was important that implementation of the project prevents prolonged disruptions to commercial activities.
Council proposed the temporary relocation of informal traders and public transport operators to other sites during the construction period. The Chronicle
Australian Politician Calls for Bitcoin Scrutiny in Fight Against Terrorism
A major Australian politician has called for increased scrutiny on bitcoin transactions as a means of combatting terrorism.
Source
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Toronto police say they will resume digging at a property where accused serial killer Bruce McArthur worked as a landscaper.
Police have already found the remains of seven men buried in planters at the property in midtown Toronto.
McArthur, 66, has been charged with first-degree murder in the deaths of eight men with ties to Toronto's gay village.
"We originally did a dig at the property over the winter and nothing was found," police spokeswoman Meaghan Gray said.
There's no greater love than the one of a mother, she loves you no matter what you look like, no matter what you do, no matter what happens! And we tend to abuse her unconditional love by taking too much without giving back. Not that your mum is waiting for anything in return, but it's always nice to feel appreciated, so, let us tell you about the things that will make your mum so happy on mother's day.
1. If you're going to buy her a gift, then make a real effort to buy her something personal, and that she really wanted for a long time. Mums, don't really care about the gift, as much as they care about the meaning behind it.
2. If you can't buy her a gift, then make sure you get her some flowers. Again, it's not about the gift, it's about the act itself.
3. Make it a habit to tell her that you love her every morning.
4. If you've been busy lately, then surprise her with a vacation you took only to spend it with her.
5. Make it a habit to help her around the house, even if she said she doesn't need it. Mums will never admit that they need help but will give you dirty looks for not offering to.
6. Mums think that we take them for granted, so, tell her how much you appreciate her existence in your life, and everything she has ever done for you.
7. If you have children, let them express their love for her in letters. Mums and grandmothers love to hold on to letters from their precious ones.
8. Think of the things that really bother her, and that you can change, and promise her that you'll do the effort to change them.
9. Arrange a gathering for the people she loves the most, and show her that you're the best host because she taught you how to.
10. In the end, mums are not waiting for anything in return for being mums, but it's nice to feel like your children love you, appreciate you, and are trying their best to make you happy.
BRACEBRIDGE — A group with Icelandic flags painted on their faces watched intently as Iceland faced off against Croatia in the FIFA World Cup.
“It's really important,” said Sigmundur Geir Sigmundsson. “It tells us if we are going to continue in the World Cup or going to stop for the next four years.”
However, the visit to the region wasn't about the future of Iceland in the World Cup, it was to see the rich history of Icelandic settlers to Canada.
Four post-secondary students between the ages of 20 and 27 are on a historic four-week journey. The route they visit are areas settled by the people of Iceland in the late 1800s.
It was amazing to get to see the first settlement centre of Icelanders here in Canada and to get to see this great part of history and where it all began.” — Sigmundur Geir Sigmundsson.
The Snorri West Program of Icelandic National League of North America selects four young people each year for one of four routes. This route is the eastern corridor and includes Washington, D.C.; Toronto; Ottawa for Canada Day; L'Anse aux Meadows, N.L.; Halifax; Kinmount; and Hekkla.
In the Muskoka Lakes community of Hekkla, Edith Smith (née Einarson) and Bruce Crawford, two descendants of original families who settled the area from 1873, took them on a tour of the church and graveyard. What makes this gravesite so special are tombstones written in English and Icelandic.
“I think it so fun to see the Iceland writings on places that is not in Iceland,” said Dadi Geir Samuelsson, who recommends the trek to the cemetery.
Ivar Gautsson was surprised at how many of the Icelandic settlers have since moved away from the area but is still impressed by seeing the areas where they settled first hand and “it was very interesting to see Icelandic written there everywhere. It was very cool.”
“I think this trip has been amazing so far. It was amazing to get to see the first settlement centre of Icelanders here in Canada and to get to see this great part of history and where it all began,” said Sigmundsson.
According to Gail Einarson McCleery, a co-ordinator for the program, the first group of Icelanders settled in Kinmount in 1875. She says the 251 people were lured to the area to build the railway but the settlement failed and the Canadian government relocated them to Gimli, Man.
Novartis (NYSE:NVS) and Genentech (VTX:ROG) Veterans Peter Maag and Sasha King Team Up at Diagnostic Testing Company CareDx, Inc. (NASD:CDNA)
Peter Maag, Ph.D., is the Chief Executive Officer and President of CareDx, Inc. (NASD:CDNA). Dr. Maag has over 20 years of executive management experience in the pharmaceutical and diagnostic industry. Prior to joining CareDx, Dr. Maag was President of Novartis Diagnostics based in Emeryville, California. He headed the expansion of the unit with worldwide growth in its blood screening business and established new ventures in molecular diagnostics. Sasha King is Chief Commercial Officer of CareDx, Inc. Ms. King brings over 10 years of diagnostics and genetic testing experience. Most recently she worked in companion diagnostics marketing at Genentech and was a sales leader at Ariosa Diagnostics. While at Genentech, she worked on the launch of the first FDA-approved cell-free DNA test in oncology. In their exclusive interview with the Wall Street Transcript, these two experienced executives detail their strategy at CareDx to bring the cutting edge of technology to diagnostic testing.
Ms. King explains the development of their product niche strategy. “We have had a product in the heart transplant space called AlloMap for over 10 years now, and today, this test is the standard of care. There is no other comparable product in that space. We are about to launch a test called AlloSure for rejection surveillance in the kidney transplant space. Similarly, the current options are either invasive or less accurate, so we are really filling a major unmet medical need.”
She goes on to explain the science behind their product: ” It uses quantitative PCR to measure RNA from a blood sample. AlloSure is also a blood test but uses next-generation sequencing to measure cell-free DNA as a biomarker. These are fragments of DNA that are floating in the blood. We are able to identify if there is a higher volume of cell-free DNA coming from the donated organ, which is a signal that the organ is shedding more DNA and has injury.”
Get the details on the company's complete projections and strategy in their full interview at the Wall Street Transcript.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
NEW YORK (AP) — The Latest on the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest. (all times local):
1 p.m.
Defending champion Joey "Jaws" Chestnut chomped down a record 74 franks and buns to take home his 11th title at the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The renowned competitive eater from San Jose, California, takes home the coveted Mustard Belt and surpassed the previous mark of 72 dogs and buns he downed last year.
The heat wasn't a factor; the National Weather Service put the temperature at 83 degrees with a heat index of 91 degrees.
Miki Sudo said after eating 37 dogs and buns that the heat may have slowed her down in winning the women's competition.
That didn't stop the Las Vegas eater from easily beating out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
___
11 a.m.
Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) downed 37 franks to win her fifth straight title in the women's competition of the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The Las Vegas competitor fell short of the 41 hot dogs she consumed last year but still beat out second-place finisher Michelle Lesco, of Tucson, Arizona. Lesco chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk.
Ten-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men during the men's competition later Wednesday for the coveted Mustard Belt.
Sudo was a fan favorite, drawing big cheers from the crowd during her performance, which was slightly delayed after she requested new water to soak her buns.
___
12:05 a.m.
It's frankly amazing.
Chowdown champions will face off Wednesday at Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest, where the men's record stands at 72 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes.
Ten-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men on New York's Coney Island boardwalk. He set the record last year.
Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) is seeking a fifth women's title in a row. The 19-woman field includes record-holder Sonya "The Black Widow" Thomas.
Sudo downed 41 franks and buns last year. Thomas' record is 45, but she managed 30 last year.
The event attracts thousands of in-person spectators and is televised on ESPN.
Last year, animal rights activists tried to unfold a banner amid the crowd. Five protesters were taken into custody for questioning and released.
Higgins takes IT Carlow reins 06 October 2017
Former Laois star Joe Higgins while in charge of his county's senior ladies team in 2010.
©INPHO/Cathal Noonan. Former Laois star Joe Higgins while in charge of his county's senior ladies team in 2010.©INPHO/Cathal Noonan.
Former Laois star Joe Higgins will manage IT Carlow in next year's Sigerson Cup.
The St. Joseph's clubman will be hoping to build on this year's progress when IT Carlow reached the quarter-final stage.
Higgins enjoyed a successful playing career with the O'Moore County during which he won a Leinster SFC medal in 2003 and an Star at corner back in the same year. He also represented Ireland in the International Rules series.
He announced his inter-county retirement in 2009 following his appointment as Laois ladies football manager.
The fact that social media continues to change the way people communicate isn't new information. The statistics and information that support the way people use social media continues to roll in.
Just last week, Social Media Today cited 50 percent of most major brands use Instagram but it's expected to rise to 71 percent by 2018.
Customers often research purchases online and seek recommendations from friends and family. This research and recommendations from connections reaches a crossroads with social media.
This means social media is an increasingly important tool for small businesses. Friends and family are there, reviews of a product are there, and your brand should be there too.
A brand's return on investment can be huge. From building awareness with new customers to maintaining relationships with existing clients, social media is a great platform for a brand to grow.
While all of this sounds great, it doesn't change the fact that the world of social media can be overwhelming. Adding the fact that your business may be strapped for funds, time, and/or manpower means entering the social media world with a game plan is hugely important.
Here are a few things to keep in mind.
Let's start with the importance of quality.
Social media is an important space to engage first and market second. Focusing on a handful of quality posts that carry value, relevance and importance for your audience is a better strategy than quantity. Clicking and posting rapidly might check the box of social media presence but it likely won't produce very much engagement.
Next, focus on community.
Companies don't build communities, people do and as business it is important to foster community. That means continuously listening, improving and exceeding customer expectations.
As a small business, your audience is likely out in the same community and fostering that helps you become more relatable to your audience. Really it is about word of mouth, relationships, credibility, brand love and so many other things.
Consider advertising too.
You've spent the time to build a presence on social media and you are posting quality, engaging content for your audience, the natural next step might be spending some money. From Google Ads to try and improve search engine optimization (SEO) for your website, to a lead-generating advertisement on Facebook, there are a plethora of opportunities that can be very targeted to your audience.
Repeat.
Just because social media platforms like Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn are constantly rolling out new capabilities doesn't mean you need to try to do and be all of them.
Focus on what works and only take on what you can handle. Then, if that process is working for you; repeat it. Growing and adopting more may come down the line but, just like with your business, focus on what you're good at and maintain that.
There are plenty of tools and resources online to help your small business elevate and be present on social media, but most of all be patient while learning what works for your business on social media.
Brook Bentley is the social media and content manager for Sierra Nevada Media Group.
LSU safety Grant Delpit has been named to the 2017 ESPN Freshman All-American Team, released on Monday.
Delpit had a big first year for the Tigers, finishing the season with 52 tackles, 3.5 for a loss, one interception, eight pass breakups, nine passes defensed and one quarterback hurry.
The Tigers' stifling defense was helped by the instant impact of Delpit, who picked off one pass, broke up eight more and finished with 52 tackles in an LSU secondary that was among the SEC's best. His nine tackles and interception against Ole Miss proved to be one of the top defensive performances by a freshman in the SEC this season.
The SEC had two other players named to the All-American team, Georgia quarterback Jake Fromm and offensive lineman Andrew Thomas.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Several times during the day and sometimes at night, 77-year-old Jeong-Suk Cha has to put her 48-year-old son Alex in a sling.
She's a shade under five feet tall, slight, maybe 120 pounds. He's about 180 pounds and must be moved carefully.
Like countless other Ontario residents — so many a $100-million class-action suit has just been launched against the province — Jeong-Suk often has to work alone.
First she glides a lift over top of Alex, places colour-coded straps around his body, and pushes the button that lifts the straps and sling.
She then pushes him: to bed, from bed; to the toilet, from the toilet; to a lounge chair, from a lounge chair, to his wheelchair, from his wheelchair.
He spends a lot of his time in his motorized wheelchair, and when he slumps a bit too far, his mother has to reach from behind and pull him up. That recently gave her a four-month stint of bruised ribs.
“I used to say, only age is a number,” says Jeong Suk, her English slightly broken inside a soft Korean accent.
“But now,” she says about her struggles, “the age is right.”
Someone has to stay with Alex 24 hours a day, and despite considerable help from his sister Jin Cha, friend Michael Kerr, and personal support workers, the bulk of the work has fallen to the elderly Korean woman.
“I always talk to him now, ‘Before I die you have to . . .'” Jeong-Suk says but cannot finish because her face bows in tears.
Alex Cha, 48, is lowered to his bed by his mom, Jeong Cha, 78, and guided by his sister, Jin Cha, at their north London condominium on Tuesday, April 11, 2017. (MIKE HENSEN, The London Free Press)
Alex, who has cerebral palsy and spinal cord damage, is on a wait list for a bed in a residential care facility.
Only in the most superficial ways can it be called a wait list. Or perhaps a wait list in the deepest of ways.
Those who run agencies supporting severely physically disabled adults call it the 50-year wait list. If there are 50 people on the list, chances are you're waiting 50 years to get the support you need.
Years of frustration over waiting for services has boiled over recently, with calls for change in the Ontario legislature and a week ago, a class-action lawsuit filed by Toronto law firm Koskie Minsky.
The lawsuit seeks $100 million in damages for negligence, claiming the Ontario government denies services to developmentally disabled adults through wait lists administered in an “ad hoc, inconsistent and unreasonable manner.”
The inconsistency is apparent in the South West Local Health Integration Network that oversees provincial health-care spending in a region stretching from Tobermory to Lake Erie, and Newbury to Stratford.
If you're a senior or an adult with moderate physical disabilities, you qualify for a personal support worker. Even in this category, there are 296 people in the local LHIN waiting for help.
If you're between 18 and 21 with medically complex needs, you qualify for one of 12 beds available across the entire region.
If you're an adult, not a youth or yet a senior, you have even dimmer prospects.
Officials with the South West LHIN acknowledge they don't have a handle on the number of medically complex or developmentally delayed adults seeking residential care or how many spaces are available.
“The South West LHIN began working with our partners in 2014 to develop a more comprehensive assisted living model that could support people with more complex medical needs or fragility to live in the community. This type of model is far more intensive and requires 24/7 on-site staff with specialized training,” Michael Barrett said in a written response to questions.
“We do not yet have the fulsome monthly reports available to us to give us more detailed information on the number of referrals, client characteristics or wait list data.”
Last year, Ontario Ombudsman Paul Dube released a report critical of Ontario's care of developmentally disabled adults including those with cerebral palsy. At the time, there were 9,700 people waiting for residential care across the province.
In the South West LHIN, London's Participation House has 40 spaces available, and 60 to 90 on the waiting list.
That's where Alex would like to go.
The brief outline of Alex's story first came to light three weeks ago when London West New Democrat MPP Peggy Sattler held a news conference at Participation House, then raised the issue in the legislature. Health Minister Dr. Eric Hoskins promised to look into the matter, but acknowledged Ontario's disabled residents need more help.
At the news conference, Alex's sister and tireless advocate, Jin Cha, spoke for an allotted two minutes.
She invited The Free Press to take a closer look at the family's challenges, in an effort to push for the province to provide more housing for adults with complex physical disabilities, like her brother.
“Alex has a sharp brain but he's trapped in that body,” she says in interviews at the condo he shares with their mother.
Born with cerebral palsy, Alex was an active person for a long time. But he fell in 2004 while brushing his teeth, and suffered neurological and spinal cord damage.
He spent the summer in Parkwood Institute and after, Jin moved to the family house for a while to help her widowed mother look after him. They put a stair glide, porch lift and grab bars in the home to help.
They also put Alex on a wait list for a bed at Participation House.
Over the next 13 years, Alex suffered more falls, including one in 2015 that put him back in Parkwood and left him with a loose bone pinching on his spinal cord, the loss of almost all mobility, and the threat of one more fall killing him.
The family sold their home, and moved Alex and his mother into a condo apartment.
Jin lives in the same building, with her nephew, whom she persuaded to join in the family round-the-clock care.
“We do try to focus on the positive,” Jin says in a visit marked by laughter as well as tears. She often takes a break from telling the story to put a hand on her brother, tease him and confirm with him what she's saying.
The doctors, the personal support workers, the people she's been hounding at the LHIN are all kind, she says.
But looking after Alex takes a lot of work. Jin is the organizer. She has created a binder with 69 pages of photographs showing each step of his daily exercises. Another binder for personal support workers contains five sections, toileting (with 64 photographs and instructions), extra clothes to show where they are kept, getting him out of bed (37 photographs with instructions), washing routine (23 pages) and breakfast (five pages).
“He cannot direct his own care. He can't verbally tell someone something.”
A full-time teacher, Jin figures she spends an average of two hours each day organizing personal support worker schedules, doctor's appointments, regular blood tests and other chores. She's the one who makes sure he continues to get the assessments to stay on the wait list.
Alex is allowed a personal support worker for 90 hours a month, although Jin has fought hard enough to get that bumped up to 140 until the end of April.
The only time her mother can get out of the house or take a break on weekdays is during a four-hour personal support worker visit. On Sundays, she rushes to church and back while the family helps.
The rest of the days, suffering from arthritis herself, Jeong-Suk has to do Alex's physio and massages, wash his clothes — sometime soiled — make his meals, brush his teeth, turn him so he doesn't get bed sores, scratch him when he's itchy, shower him and on and on.
“I can't get her recharged. She doesn't know what that is,” Jin says.
As her mother ages, Jin has stepped up efforts to get Alex into residential care.
“We are a private family, but we can't keep quiet anymore. We don't have a voice.”
She has prepared packages of information for the LHIN and The Free Press, including his discharge documents from Parkwood.
“Client should receive total assistance for AM and PM routine (bathing, dressing, grooming, toileting) and feeding.”
The alternative offered to men and women like Alex is long-term care, with seniors.
Alex is not a senior. He spends hours online at night communicating with others.
“He has a sharp brain. Everything works. He tells really bad jokes but he thinks he's funny,” Jin says, turning to smile at him and tap his knee.
When he was told he had to live in a seniors' home, Alex wanted to talk to the family doctor.
Jin starts to cry when she explains why.
“What he's saying is he would rather die than go into a nursing home. It's a death sentence. It's like I'm choosing my mom's life over his.”
In the package prepared for the LHIN is a note from Alex, typed out slowly with the index finger of his one good hand, his right, on his computer.
The thought of going to long-term care: “I rather die if I have to go there. I really need help.”
But the note contains humour as well.
“My family members can't take care of me because they got to work & to be honest their patience is nothing writing home about sometimes.”
In a short visit at his home, Alex's humour often breaks through his damaged body.
It's a sign of the life inside that his family wants to keep alive.
“It's not your fault,” Jin says after detailing the strain on the family. “I'm just trying to be a voice for you.”
Alex tries to say something. I love you, perhaps.
“We'd come and visit you every day,” Jin promises.
Alex roars in laughter, reacting the same way every adult would at that thought.
“Oh God,” he says.
rrichmond@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/RandyRatLFPress
Close Get email notifications on Valerie Wells daily!
Your notification has been saved.
There was a problem saving your notification.
Whenever Valerie Wells posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.
OTTAWA — The federal government has agreed to give the provinces and territories a 75% share of the tax revenues from the sale of legalized marijuana, a portion of which will be meted out to cities and towns to help them defray the cost of making pot legal across Canada.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau announced the two-year agreement today after a day-long meeting with his provincial and territorial counterparts.
Morneau says Ottawa will retain the remaining 25% share to a maximum of $100 million a year, with any balance over and above that limit going to the provinces and territories.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau, centre, speaks as he meets with his provincial and territorial counterparts on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
The larger share, he added, will allow the provinces to “fairly deal with their costs and so they can work with municipalities,” which had been asking for at least a one-third portion of the revenue to help ease the burden of costs like law enforcement.
Morneau said that over the first two years, the federal government expects legalized pot to generate only about $400 million in tax revenues, adding that the ministers are scheduled to gather again a year from now to assess how the framework is working.
“Our expectation is that by keeping prices low, we will be able to get rid of the black market. However, that will happen over time,” Morneau said during a closing news conference, his counterparts lined up behind him.
Federal Finance Minister Bill Morneau holds a news conference after meeting with his provincial counterparts in Ottawa on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
“Our estimates suggest that the size of the taxation revenue is roughly ... about up to $400 million for the first couple of years. What we've agreed at our table today is that we need to come back together; we're going to come back together in December 2018 to look at how the market's working, and how the federal government, provinces and municipalities are dealing with this change.
"Of course, we'll stay very much on top of this, but after two years it's time to rethink the approach to make sure we're getting it right." - Bill Morneau
All 14 jurisdictions at the table agreed to the key principles reached at the meeting, Morneau said, calling it a “very good outcome.”
The original model put forward by the federal government proposed an even 50-50 split, a plan that was immediately shot down by the provinces, many of which wondered aloud what sort of costs Ottawa would be incurring to deserve such a share.
Earlier today, Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa said the federal Liberal government had successfully made the case that it, too, would have costs, but was showing flexibility on related revenue and cost-sharing questions.
After a meeting with his Atlantic counterparts in Halifax, Nova Scotia Premier Stephen McNeil let slip that a two-year deal had been reached, and that provinces would have the ability to include a markup above and beyond existing taxation levels.
Nova Scotia Premier Stephen McNeil, Prince Edward Island Premier Wade MacLauchlan, New Brunswick Premier Brian Gallant and Newfoundland and Labrador Premier Dwight Ball, left to right, head to a news conference at the end of a meeting of Atlantic Premiers in Halifax on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Andrew Vaughan
Ottawa's initial estimates suggested the total pot of tax revenue from marijuana sales could eventually reach $1 billion per year.
“If there is a markup that a respective province wants to do it would be outside of that taxation model, so that was the flexibility that we as a province were looking for and I would say indeed it was what we were hearing across the country,” McNeil said.
“The two-year window will give each of us the time to go back to the table and say this is actually what policing is costing and this is what the education component is.”
Finance Minister Bill Morneau, centre, speaks as he meets with his provincial and territorial counterparts on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
The Federation of Canadian Municipalities has said it wants a third of the revenues earmarked to help municipal governments handle administrative and policing costs, but how that share of the pot is divvied up will be up to the municipalities and their provincial or territorial counterparts.
"Of course, the provinces will work with their municipalities, but it's for us to decide what that percentage will be." - Quebec Finance Minister Carlos Leitao
The federal government has already committed more than $1 billion over five years towards pot legalization in areas like policing and border security.
Quebec Finance Minister Carlos Leitao speaks to members of the media as he arrives for meetings with other provincial and territorial ministers and the federal Finance Minister Bill Morneau on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
When asked about the federal push to ensure enough money goes to cities and towns, Quebec Finance Minister Carlos Leitao said each province will do it their own way.
“Of course, the provinces will work with their municipalities, but it's for us to decide what that percentage will be,” he said. “And every province is different, every city is different, so there is no preconceived amount for the provinces.”
During the meetings, the ministers also discussed the federal government's proposed tweaks to the formula behind equalization payments, as well as the three-year review of the Canada Pension Plan. They also explored the state of the global economy and heard a presentation from Bank of Canada governor Stephen Poloz.
Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa speaks to members of the media as he arrives for meetings with other provincial and territorial ministers and the federal Finance Minister Bill Morneau on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
Talks also took place on a national strategy to improve the sharing of information on corporate ownership between jurisdictions, a measure designed to clamp down on tax avoidance, tax evasion, money laundering and terrorist financing.
“We agreed to take concrete steps to make sure that we had knowledge of who owns companies across our country so that we can do a better job at ensuring that we don't have tax evasion, that we don't have money laundering, that we don't have terrorist financing in any part of our country,” Morneau said.
With files from Terry Pedwell
Introducing a toddler to their new baby sibling isn't always easy, but in this case, it was hilarious.
Ava, 22 months, came into the room while her mom Ali Lukitsch, a teacher from Trenton, Mich., was feeding her new baby sister Hannah. The tot wasn't quite sure what was going on. First, she told little sister “no biting,” and Mom had to explain what she was doing and that she was getting milk.
That's when Ava wanted to know “where the chocolate milk” at!”
From the mouths of babes…
The video, shot by Ali's sister Stephanie Legut, has been shared thousands of times on social media and new mom Ali — who just gave birth to Hannah on Sunday — says she can hardly believe the reaction. “My husband was just asking how I feel about so many people seeing me and I'm just so focused on Ava … That's just her, in a nutshell, every day, Ali told 98.7 AMP Radio. “We could pop out a million more videos like that. I'm glad that people can see her personality.”
Ava is a regular ‘little Mama' who wants to do everything for the new baby, including helping to feed her, getting her dressed, and playing with her all the time. “It's just like her little live baby doll,” mom Ali said.
So, did she get her chocolate milk?
“She loves chocolate milk, yes she does,” Ali said, laughing. “She asked me again this morning, ‘Is she getting chocolate milk? I had to say ‘No, she's not getting chocolate milk!”
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court appears divided over Texas' appeal to preserve congressional and legislative districts that a lower court struck down as racially discriminatory.
The justices heard arguments Tuesday in the latest round of court action over Texas electoral districts that began in 2011.
At issue are two congressional districts and statehouse districts in four counties.
The liberal justices seemed favorable to minority voters and civil rights groups that challenged the districts. The court's conservatives appeared to lean toward the state. Justice Anthony Kennedy said nothing to indicate where his potentially decisive vote would fall.
The justices last year kept the challenged districts in place, even after the lower court ruling. Texas held primary elections in those districts in March.
After thrilling more than 8 million people worldwide, CORTEO will visit Chattanooga at the McKenzie Arena for a limited run of six performances, from May 10 to 13, 2018.
This unique production directed by Daniele Finzi Pasca premiered in Montreal in April 2005 and has visited 64 cities in 19 countries.
CORTEO, which means cortege in Italian, is a joyous procession, a festive parade imagined by a clown. The show brings together the passion of the actor with the grace and power of the acrobat to plunge the audience into a theatrical world of fun, comedy and spontaneity situated in a mysterious space between heaven and earth.
The clown pictures his own funeral taking place in a carnival atmosphere, watched over by quietly caring angels. Juxtaposing the large with the small, the ridiculous with the tragic and the magic of perfection with the charm of imperfection, the show highlights the strength and fragility of the clown, as well as his wisdom and kindness, to illustrate the portion of humanity that is within each of us. The music turns lyrical and playful carrying CORTEO through a timeless celebration in which illusion teases reality.
The cast of CORTEO includes 51 acrobats, musicians, singers and actors from all around the world.
A Facebook user, Harta Whodohmar, the victim of the brutality, shared the photos from his hospital bed, revealing that a drunk policeman came and assaulted him with his firearm after he went to the bank to deposit money.
He wrote:
On the 21st of December 2016, I went to First Bank Abak road to deposit some money. On coming out from the banking hall, the security had blocked the main entrance.
I requested that they should open the gate so I can drive out to meet up with Keystone Bank before they close for the day.
The drunk mobile policeman came to the scene and enquired to know what is going on, I responded by telling him to ask the security.
Angrily he pushed me out and came after me with his riffle, hit my head with the riffle
and ran along with passersby. everyone abandoned me me only for a friend to rush me to the hospital.
after series of scanning and x-ray doctor's diagnose that my skulll was broken and that pieces of my skull had fallen into my brain
Trust me I am gradually recovering,else you wouldn't see this post. I now know the full meaning of pains.
Special thanks to all who visited me, to those who put phone calls across and to those who prayed to God on my behalf.
My unreserved gratitude goes permanently to God for seeing me through the operation and still sustaining me, even when I didn't have the millions that was requested.
Loading....
Following a special police investigation, a 54-year-old Tel Aviv resident was indicted yesterday on charges of cheating and deceiving another person by means of debit cards.
The investigation began after police received a report at the beginning of last month about a sick man hospitalized at Assaf Harofeh Hospital in central Israel who allegedly stole debit cards from another patient, about 70 years old, hospitalized next to him, and fraudulently withdrew thousands of shekels from the patient's bank account.
The investigation found that the suspect had acted systematically and with great sophistication to connect with the elderly patient lying next to him, deceitfully taking his wallet, which contained debit cards, and withdrawing tens of thousands of shekels with the cards.
According to the indictment, the defendant committed 21 withdrawals of cash totaling 35,724 shekels, and made 63 attempts to withdraw cash that failed.
Fabrizio Ravanelli Says He Is Interested In Dundee Managerial Job
Fabrizio Ravanelli says he is interested in taking over at Dundee after Paul Hartley's sacking on Monday.
He told The Sun: “I believe I can keep Dundee in the Premiership and I am very interested in this job. I can save the club from relegation. I could definitely get results and get the best out of the Dundee players.
“I am ready to get a flight to Scotland very quickly. It is an exciting opportunity and I would love to go back. I am looking for a new project in management and this would be the perfect fresh start for me. I would bring energy, enthusiasm and motivation to the club.”
“Dundee are in danger but there are five games to play and I am 100 per cent confident that the team can survive.
“I was only at Dundee for a short period of time but it's a special club and I love the passion of Scottish football. It is a fantastic country. I have played football in Britain and it would be an honour to manage there too.”
Paul Hartley was dismissed following Dundee's 2-0 defeat to Hamilton on Saturday, their seventh successive loss, which leaves them 11th in the Scottish Premiership table
The post Fabrizio Ravanelli Says He Is Interested In Dundee Managerial Job appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
It has only been a few days since Facebook pulled access from Cambridge Analytica and some of its associates -- for allegedly retaining data on millions of accounts that it pulled in via a "personality" app in 2014 -- but the scrutiny around both companies continues to intensify. Today, UK's Channel4 aired the results of an undercover investigation that shows Cambridge Analytica representatives -- including CEO Alexander Nix -- talking about how its strategies have worked in more than two hundred elections around the world, saying that employees can be disguised as researchers, and even using sex workers to entrap political opponents.
In a statement, Cambridge Analytica said that "Assessing the legality and reputational risks associated with new projects is critical for us, and we routinely undertake conversations with prospective clients to try to tease out any unethical or illegal intentions. The two Cambridge Analytica executives at the meeting humoured these questions and actively encouraged the prospective client to disclose his intentions. They left with grave concerns and did not meet with him again." Said Nix, "In playing along with this line of conversation, and partly to spare our 'client' from embarrassment, we entertained a series of ludicrous hypothetical scenarios. I am aware how this looks, but it is simply not the case. I must emphatically state that Cambridge Analytica does not condone or engage in entrapment, bribes or so-called 'honeytraps', and nor does it use untrue material for any purpose."
A Turkish court on Wednesday handed down a 25-year jail sentence to a legislator from the country's main opposition party, after he was found guilty of leaking information to a media outlet showing Turkey was sending weapons to Syrian rebels.
Enis Berberoglu, from the Center-left People's Republican Party (CHP), was arrested in Istanbul following the court ruling, broadcaster NTV reported.
He lost his parliamentary immunity last year, when a government-sponsored bill stripped the protection from 138 legislators, mostly from the opposition.
Berberoglu was accused of leaking the information - showing a truck belonging to the intelligence service allegedly shipping weapons and ammunition in 2014 - to Cumhuriyet newspaper, which published a story in 2015.
CHP spokesman Ergin Altay sharply condemned the decision, telling reporters he saw the verdict as an attempt by President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's government to intimidate the opposition.
Cumhuriyet itself has been under intense pressure - more than a dozen of its journalists and executives have been in jail for more than six months awaiting trial - while former editor-in-chief Can Dundar, the main reporter on the weapons report story, lives in exile in Europe.
Erdoğan has since admitted that Turkey sent weapons to Syrian rebel factions. While Erdoğan is staunchly supportive of Syrian groups - including Islamist factions - fighting President Bashar al-Assad's forces, some domestic opposition parties have been more skeptical about his policy in Syria.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close
Among the concerns of the secular opposition groups in Turkey are whether Turkish actions are contributing to the rise of Islamism.
Increasingly, hardline militants, some with links to al-Qaeda, control Idlib province - the main chunk of territory still run by rebels in northern Syria - which lies along Turkey's border.
Jailing of opposition members has focused recently on the pro-Kurdish Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP), which has 11 legislators behind bars. Thousands of HDP members are also jailed, allegedly for links to terrorism.
Berberoglu becomes the first CHP front bencher to be arrested under the ongoing crackdown in the country, which intensified in July last year after a faction in the military attempted a coup.
Since then, more than 50,000 people have been jailed, including dozens of journalists. Recently, the head of Amnesty International in Turkey was arrested.
There is an ongoing strict state of emergency, which grants the government sweeping powers to rule by decree.
Donald Trump's presidency is less than three months old, but in that time there have been massive turnouts for the Women's March, and Tax Day protests in cities across the country demanding that Trump release his returns. This coming Saturday, on Earth Day, scores of March for Science protests are expected.
Helping to guide these actions are veteran activists with the AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power — better known as ACT UP. Thirty years after its founding, some seasoned activists are dusting off their bullhorns and updating their direct-action playbooks to tap into the new wave of activism energized by opposition to Trump's policies.
Founded in 1987, ACT UP never settled for trying to push change quietly or behind the scenes.
They were loud, demanding, and in-your-face with telegenic direct action, a protest that got serious attention and, occasionally, laughs.
Like the time members engulfed the suburban Virginia home of their nemesis, the late Republican Sen. Jesse Helms of North Carolina, in a giant canvas condom that read "Helms Is Deadlier Than A Virus."
Or when ACT UP members posed as news executives and bum-rushed Dan Rather during a live broadcast of the CBS Evening News at the start of the Gulf War.
Then there was the time they stormed the National Institutes of Health, pushing for changes in AIDS research, funding and clinical trials. Over an NIH foyer, activists unfurled a giant banner with their logo and slogan: Silence=Death.
I'm "the snarky, Machiavellian dude behind the Silence=Death image," New York artist and writer Avram Finkelstein says with a chuckle.
That slogan — black and white with a pink triangle — presaged the formation of the radical AIDS advocacy group ACT UP. The slogan helped change the way the world looked at AIDS. At one point, Silence=Death was the most powerful protest slogan around. It became an iconic backdrop to the group's chant for "ACT UP, FIGHT BACK, FIGHT AIDS!"
Now, at 65, Finkelstein is one of several ACT UP veterans from the 1980s and '90s who today is helping shepherd new protesters train and strategize, including the anti-Trump collective Rise and Resist.
"Many people are younger people who work with organizations that were formed by ACT UP. Or were in ACT UP themselves," he says.
He recently led a teach-in on design and imagery for Rise and Resist.
"All of the civil disobedience training is being done by the same exact people who did them at ACT UP," Finkelstein says. "So here is this perfect cross-section of this moment. Here is an inter-generational activist organization. And its meetings are in the community center a spitting distance from where the original ACT UP meetings took place."
In January, Rise and Resist took one of its first actions: scores of members booked brunch reservations at restaurants in several Trump-owned properties including Trump Tower. Over eggs Benedict in the crowded eateries, protesters began to cough and cough some more. The "cough-in" protesters held up signs saying "Trumpcare is making us sick."
"That's the kind of mediagenic sort of action that ACT UP used to needle their opponent," says filmmaker and writer David France, who's behind the book and film How To Survive A Plague. "And Trump is an easy target for needling, and they're working on trying to exploit that weakness of his. The more time he spends in the early morning hours fashioning his tweets in response to perceived slights, the less time he has to advance his agenda."
France and others note the feeling of total powerlessness in the face of Trump and Republican control of Washington echoes the early days of the AIDS crisis.
"Younger generations, the millennials, and even Gen X and Gen Y, have the sense of never having had power, really," France says. "And it's kind of a learning experience for them to realize that there were times in history when others felt the same, and were yet not dispirited by it, but found a way to plow through it and find that power."
ACT UP was certainly not immune to internal fissures and strategic stumbles. Some members broke off into subgroups. But ACT UP remained steadfast in its strategy of being bold, persistent and willing to be unpopular to foster change. It's a template Rise and Resist is trying to emulate, France says.
"I think what they're doing, especially at Rise and Resist, is taking those tactics and strategies and bringing them to the modern era, and making them appropriate for the particular struggles being faced today," he says.
Grassroots anger at president Trump's policies has galvanized protesters on the left, including many new to political action.
While ACT UP is best known for its direct action protests, the group's potency came from a clear-eyed strategy and its well-organized committees, says Maxine Wolfe — another veteran gay rights activist from ACT UP's earliest days, who is now involved in Rise and Resist.
ACT UP had committees on health, research, PR, housing, and more. They did their homework, Wolfe says, and helped ACT UP create a potent "inside-outside" strategy: demanding a seat of power alongside politicians and big pharma while keeping pressure up through creative street protests. The strategy helped turn HIV from a death sentence to a manageable condition.
"We had a women's committee, a people of color committee, the treatment and data committee," Wolfe recalls. "We lobbied peoples, we did civil disobedience. The idea there was that you could use not a huge number of people but a varied playbook," she says. "And [you] would keep coming at it until we won. Which we did."
What's not clear just a few months into Trump's presidency is what tactics and actions by Trump "resistors" will actually have an impact on public opinion and policy. There are sharp tactical disagreements within the inchoate grassroots opposition to Trump's policies over what might prove most effective and sustainable.
Go with massive rallies or small direct actions? Focus on urban population centers or the rural and suburban swing areas that helped elect Trump?
There are ongoing Trump boycott efforts such as Grab Your Wallet as well as get-off- the couch group Run For Something.
"It's the movements that are willing to take risks and willing to do bold action over time that are the most successful," says writer and activist L.A. Kauffman, author of Direct Action: Protest and the Reinvention of American Radicalism.
"Obviously you can't stay in crisis mode and at a fever pitch for year after year," she adds, "but I see a lot of people recognizing that this is the long haul. What the movements are doing together is creating a crisis for the Trump administration, and in so doing, managing to slow down some of the worst of the harm."
While ACT UP's activism centered on an array of complex issues, the central focus of HIV and AIDS was a unifying and organizing force. But anger at Trump is broad, diffuse and across a range of issues from health care to climate change.
"It's a different animal, there's not one single thing to organize against," Wolfe says. "What we need is how to sustain focus. You can't just do one action, let's say, against (senior presidential adviser Steve) Bannon. You have to do many such actions."
"We know now that nominally democratic governments don't have to listen to social protests," says activist and writer Micah White, who helped launch the Occupy Wall Street protests. "You can get 4 million people into the streets and there is no requirement in our Constitution or in our laws that the president has to listen. He's able to say, 'Thanks. Now go home.' And they go home."
White now advocates a rural, Internet-enabled progressive movement where activists get elected to local offices and prove they can govern.
"As social protesters, we need to stop with this naïve belief that if we just get more people into the streets, then we'll get what we want. It's not true!" White says.
Finkelstein notes that he did not come up with the Silence=Death logo quickly on the back of a napkin one night over a beer. It was, he says, a deliberative, iterative process with five friends that took about six months to produce.
He's not against big marches like January's massive Women's March in cities across America and the world, or the upcoming Earth Day March for Science.
But his lesson from creating the iconic ACT UP logo: there's tremendous power in smaller actions that can reverberate in unexpected ways.
"If that million people were broken into small groups of four and five, think of the power that could have," Finkelstein says. "Pussy Riot was four people with a boombox, and it totally changed the way we thought about Putin's administration."
Rise and Resist and several other anti-Trump groups are still groping, in these early days, with what tactics might have a real impact with a famously media-savvy mogul turned president, who may be thin-skinned, but knows how to punch back.
"A lot of super smart people that I know are so distracted by the scorching lava flow of Trump's campaign, and now his first days in office, that they seem to be unable to think strategically about it," Finkelstein says. "That surprises me, frankly. The toolbox for doing so is right in front of us."
Motorists are being warned to expect some delays despite parts of Elland bypass reopening after it was closed for 24 hours due to a gas leak.
The road was closed between the junction with Stainland Road and the junction signposted Lowfields Business Park while Northern Gas Networks carried out emergency gas works to repair the damage.
The Calderdale Way between Halifax and Huddersfield was closed all day on Wednesday causing major delays on surrounding routes.
Throughout the day traffic was diverted via Stainland Road, Rochdale Road, Saddleworth Road (B6114), Briggate/Huddersfield Road and Elland Riorges Link (or by this route reversed).
Engineers are working hard on the repairs, with a contraflow system on the road due to be in place today (Thursday).
Calderdale Council confirmed that lane restrictions are being put in place on Elland bypass while Northern Gas Networks repair the gas main.
The Councils said the road is scheduled to fully open by evening time.
The damage to the gas main was caused late on Tuesday by a third party contractor carrying out work in the area.
Neil Travers, Operations Manager for Northern Gas Networks, said: “We'd like to apologise for any inconvenience road users may encounter and thank them for their patience as we work to complete this emergency gas work as safely and quickly as possible.”
Anyone that smells gas or suspects carbon monoxide should call the National Gas Emergency Service immediately on 0800 111 999. This line is in operation 24-hours a day, seven days a week.
Herbal blood tonics for anaemic conditions
Nigerian researchers have in clinical studies shown that extracts of fluted pumpkin, cowhage or velvet bean, fig and sorghum could be effectively used to improve blood count, as an alternative or compliment to blood transfusion, and heal anaemic conditions such as in sickle cell anaemia and malaria. CHUKWUMA MUANYA (Assistant Editor) writes.
*Fluted pumpkin leaves, cowhage, fig, sorghum, others show promise, researchers find
Nigerian researchers have shown the efficacy of fluted pumpkin vegetable extracts in the management of severe anemia in children.
According to the study published in The Internet Journal of Alternative Medicine and The study was published in Tropical Journal of Pharmaceutical Research, case reports of two severely anaemic patients, whose parents refused blood transfusion and were subsequently managed with oral intakes of the fluted pumpkin vegetable extracts, with satisfactory rise in the haematocrit levels.
The results showed that the pre-pumpkin extracts administration pack cell volume of 15 per cent in both of them, rose to 20 per cent in one and 25 per cent in the other, 24 hours post administration of the extract.
The researchers concluded: “The fluted pumpkin vegetable extract was efficacious in the management of severe anemia in these two children and may be useful in pediatric patients with severe anemia whose parents refuse blood transfusion. The vegetable extract may have an even greater role in the prevention of anemia if intake is instituted early. Wider studies are needed to investigate these hypotheses.”
Commonly called fluted pumpkin, Telfairia occidentalis is called Ugu in Ibo; Aworoko, Eweroko in Yoruba, Ikong or Umee in Efik and Ibibio, and Umeke in Edo
Anaemia is a common childhood disease in the third world countries. It is sometimes life threatening and may require urgent blood transfusion. However parents occasionally refuse blood transfusion because of religious or other reasons. Members of the Jehovah witness sect usually refuse blood transfusion for themselves and their wards because of some biblical injunction. The problems and costs attending blood transfusion in our poorly developed health services often tempt some parents to refuse the procedure. It is therefore imperative for physicians to be aware of all available alternatives to blood transfusion.
Fluted pumpkin was found useful in correcting anaemia in a study of some African pregnant women. In the study, thirty anaemic pregnant women with baseline pack cell volumes of 20.8+/-2.0 per cent were given freshly prepared fluted pumpkin mixture, containing its fluid extract, raw eggs and evaporated unsweetened milk, orally three times daily for seven days. The mean pack cell volume was observed to have increased to 29.5+/-2.2 per cent, a day following the administration of the mixture.
There is no documentation of the use of fluted pumpkin in the management of anaemia in children. However, this study by researchers at the Department of Paediatrics, Ladoke Akintola University Teaching Hospital, Osogbo, Osun State, led by Dr. Olusola Adetunji Oyedeji, draws the attention of medical practitioners managing children to the possibility of fluted pumpkin acting as a surrogate to refused blood transfusion in anaemic children. It may also have a role in preventing anaemia.
The researchers also acknowledged the contributions of Prof. G. A. Oyedeji of the department of Pediatrics, Obafemi Awolowo University, Ife, Osun State.
The researchers wrote: “Life threatening anaemia is a common emergency among Nigerian paediatric admissions. Malaria, sickle cell disease, glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency and septicemia are common causes. The logical and most effective method of managing such cases to is by blood transfusion. However, as in these reports, parents occasionally refuse blood transfusion for their children because of religious, cultural, financial and other reasons.
“In our practice setting, the direct cost of screening and transfusion services to the patient for a pint of blood ranges between $10 and 20. This is often unaffordable to many parents. Thus in a study of patients discharged against medical advice, financial constraints was given as the reason for refusing blood transfusion by the parents of some severely anemic, because of their inability to procure the blood needed for transfusion. Cultural practices in many parts of Africa dictate that mothers should obtain permission from their husbands before submitting their children for medical care and procedures like blood transfusion. This may make a mother refuse transfusion when the family situation is not congenial. Sometimes such fathers are unavailable or inaccessible to give consent.
“Concerning complementary and alternative medicine (CAM), most physicians are poorly informed on, the use of herbs for medical conditions. Sometimes patients and their relations are better informed compared to the attending physician. This was the case in these two patients, in whom the fluted pumpkin was effective. Fluted pumpkin is an indigenous pumpkin to the eastern parts of Nigeria. Usually, it is administered either as an extract obtained from blending or manually squeezing the soaked vegetable leaves in tepid water in order to extract the fluid, or it can be eaten as a cooked vegetable. Its mechanism of action is not known. Extracts from fluted pumpkin are known to have reducing and free radical scavenging properties through its antioxidant phyto-constituents such as vitamin C and phenols. These anti-oxidants may reduce tissue and red cell destruction by free radicals. The fluted pumpkin is also rich in folic acid and iron, which may be more easily bio-available for erythropesis compared to nutrients from other sources. Due to the fact that there are no suitable alternative oxygen carrier substitutes for haemoglobin, erythropoesis remains the safest means of alleviating hypoxemia from very low haematocrit levels.
“The two cases have also shown that fluted pumpkin acts very fast and its effects were evident within 24 hours. Other haematinics such as erythropoetin, iron, folic acid and vitamin B complex do not work as fast as fluted pumpkin. It takes a range of five days to three weeks after administration before their effects can be seen. The other advantages of fluted pumpkin over blood transfusions are avoidance of transmission of infections and blood transfusion reactions. In addition, the cost of administering fluted pumpkin is much less than giving a pint of blood, or erythropoeitin. Fluted pumpkin therapy reduces the number of days that the patient spends on admission, waiting for the improvement in pack cell volume when being managed with haematinics. All this not withstanding, blood transfusion acts faster than any other method by raising the pack cell volume immediately the blood is transfused.
“In order to reduce the morbidity and mortality associated with anemia in children whose parents refuse blood transfusion for them, the etiology of the anemia should be investigated and treated promptly. Fluted pumpkin extracts should be administered. The vegetable can also be given as part of the diet to children predisposed to developing severe anemia, such as sicklers and G-6-PD deficient patients when they are being treated for malaria. Thus fluted pumpkin has both prophylactic and curative roles and it has the potentiality of reducing the frequency and problems of blood transfusion in paediatric practice. Detailed studies of its mechanism of action should however be undertaken prior to liberalizing its use. Cautionary measures may also need to be taken with respect to prolonged use, especially in sicklers, in order to prevent pathologic tissue deposits of iron. The use of alternative methods of treatment is rapidly increasing among patients and the physicians needs to be conversant with these therapies.”
Commonly called cowhage, velvet bean (Agbala or Agbaloko in Ibo and Werepe in Yoruba), the leaves and seeds of Mucuna pruriens could be effectively used to boost blood levels and fertility in women.
So patients with low blood levels may no longer have need for blood transfusion and taking of blood capsules or tonics. Also, women that are looking for the fruit of the womb need not despair.
A study published in journal Biokemistri by researchers from Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka, Anambra State, comparative effects of ethanolic extracts of Ficus carica (fig tree) and Mucuna pruriens leaves on haematological parameters in albino rats.
The comparative effects of the ethanolic extracts of Ficus carica (fig) and Mucuna pruriens (cowhage or velvet bean) on haematological parameters were investigated in albino rats. The animals were divided into three main groups: group 1 which, served as the control, received 5.0ml/kg body weight of normal saline, while groups two and three received a daily administration (per os) of 200mg/k/g body weight of extracts of M. pruriens and F. carica respectively for 14 days.
Results showed that the extracts significantly increased the haemoglobin concentration, Packed Cell Volume (PCV) and red blood cell count by the 14th day when compared with the control.
F. carica was found to be more effective than M. pruriens in elevating the red blood cell count, especially by the 14th day. The two extracts, however, significantly decreased the total white blood cell count, as well as the percentage neutrophils, when compared with the control group, but not significant between test groups, even by the 14thday. Phytochemical analyses showed the presence of alkaloids, flavonoids, saponins, cardiac glycosides and carbohydrates in both plants. Tannins were present in F. carica but not in M. pruriens. These results thus justify the ethnobotanical use of these plants as blood building herbs.
Also, researchers have demonstrated the anti-anaemic potentials of aqueous extract of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor) stem bark in rats.
Sorghum bicolor belongs to the plant family Poaceae. It makes a refreshing non-alcoholic beverage, kunu-zaki (in Hausa), and tasty pap, akamu (in Ibo), and thick porridge, tuwo dawa (in Hausa). It is fermented to make sorghum beer called burkutu or pito, or made into flour and mixed with bean flour then fried to make dawaki.
Temidayo Oladiji, T. O. Jacob and Musa Yakubu of the University of Ilorin, Kwara State, published the study in Journal of Ethnopharmacology.
The researchers investigated the effects of oral administration of aqueous extract of Sorghum bicolor stem bark at the doses of 200, 400 and 800 mg/kg body weight on iron sufficient and iron deficient weaning rats. Weaning rats of 21 days old were maintained on iron sufficient and iron deficient diets for six weeks before the administration of the aqueous extract of Sorghum bicolor stem bark at various doses for seven days. Proximate analysis of the iron sufficient and iron deficient diets showed that they were similar except in the amount of iron.
Phytochemical screening of the extract revealed the presence of alkaloids and saponins. Extract administration produced significant increase in haemoglobin, packed cell volume and red blood cells in iron sufficient and iron deficient groups. There was also significant increase in the catalase activity of the rat liver and kidney without any significant change in the serum catalase activity.
The results revealed that extract administration has restored the anaemic condition in the iron deficient group and thus lend credence to its use in folklore medicine in the management of anaemia.
Another study published in African Journal of Biomedical Research evaluated pharmacological effect of a Nigerian Polyherbal health tonic tea in rats.
The researchers from the Departments of Pharmacology and Pathology/Forensic Medicine, Lagos State University College of Medicine, Ikeja, Lagos, conducted a fourteen day study, designed to investigate the haematological and biochemical effects of single, daily oral doses of 100 – 600 mg/kg of a Nigerian Polyherbal Tonic Tea (PHT) in four groups of adult Wistar rats.
Acute oral toxicity test of PHT at the limit dose of 5000 mg/kg was also conducted using Up-and-Down Procedure on statistical software programme (AOT425StatPgm, Version 1.0.). Results showed PHT to induce significant dose-related elevation in the PCV, platelet, total leukocyte counts and lymphocyte differentials, while causing significant suppression of granulocyte differentials in dose-related fashion. PHT, also, induced a significant dose-dependent rise in the fasting blood sugar, which was at variance with its folkloric use as an oral hypoglycemic agent. PHT did not induce mortality at the tested limit oral dose, indicating its relative oral safety up to 5000 mg/kg on acute exposure.
PHT is one of the several polyherbal remedies in Nigeria, used in folkloric medicine in Southwest Nigeria for the treatment of an array of diseases affecting humans. It is composed of pulverized, dried leaves of Persea Africana or avocado pear (Lauraeae), Morinda lucida (Rubiaceae), Magnifera indica or mango (Anacardiaceae), Carica papaya or pawpaw (Caricaceae), Vernonia amygdalina or bitter leaf (Compositae) and Cassia occidentalis or stinging weed/coffee weed (Caesalpiniaceae), all combined in equal weight ratio.
Morinda lucida belongs to the plant family Rubiaceae. It is commonly called Brimstone tree. It is Oruwo or Erewo in Yoruba, Eze-ogu or Njisi in Ibo.
PHT is used for the treatment of pain, blood deficiencies, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, malaria, fever, inflammations, as immune booster and in the improvement of blood circulation.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By MARY ESCH
Associated Press
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) - Former "Sex and the City" star Cynthia Nixon is running for New York governor.
After flirting with a run for months, Nixon tweeted Monday that she will challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September.
It sets up a longshot bid pitting an openly gay liberal activist who has never held political office against a two-term incumbent with a $30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions.
Her campaign website said Nixon won't accept any corporate contributions and will limit contributions from any individual or organization to $65,100 for the election cycle.
"We want our government to work again. On health care, ending massive incarceration, fixing our broken subway," Nixon said in a video announcing her candidacy . "We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us."
Nixon has her work cut out for her. A Siena College poll released Monday showed Cuomo leading her 66 percent to 19 percent among registered Democrats, and by a similar margin among self-identified liberals. Nixon did a little better among younger and upstate Democrats but didn't have more than a quarter of either group.
The poll of 772 registered voters was conducted March 11-16. The margin of error is plus or minus 4 percentage points.
Nixon in recent months has given speeches and interviews calling on Democrats nationally to run "bluer" in 2018 and carve out a strong, progressive liberal identity rather than being merely "the anti-Trump party."
"It could be a fight for the soul of the Democratic Party in some sense," said Baruch College political scientist Douglas Muzzio.
Nixon, a 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three, is a longtime advocate for fairness in public school funding and fervent supporter of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, who has frequently clashed with Cuomo on a range of issues. Her video shows her with her young son Max as she talks about being a proud public school parent.
Last month, at the annual New York gala of Human Rights Campaign, which has endorsed Cuomo, she took a backhanded stab at the governor's record: "For all the pride that we take here in being such a blue state, New York has the single worst income inequality of any state in the country."
A Cuomo campaign spokesman said the governor "has delivered more real progressive wins than any other Democrat in the country," including legalizing gay marriage, tightening gun restrictions, raising the minimum wage, expanding public education funding and banning fracking.
The 60-year-old Cuomo recently mocked the celebrity status the Grammy, Emmy and Tony winner could bring to the race.
"Normally name recognition is relevant when it has some connection to the endeavor," Cuomo said earlier this month. "If it was just about name recognition, then I'm hoping that Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie and Billy Joel don't get into the race."
While Nixon has strong political connections and name recognition in the city that was the backdrop for her Emmy Award-winning role as lawyer Miranda Hobbes in the HBO comedy "Sex and the City," her star power among upstate voters is less certain.
Jefrey Pollock, pollster and political adviser to Cuomo and other prominent Democrats, said that celebrity isn't likely to trump governing experience in the voting booth.
"Over and over in our research, Democratic primary voters say they're not looking for an outsider because they look to Washington, D.C., and see what the outsider has meant to this country," Pollock said.
The first task for Nixon, Muzzio said, is to launch a listening and talking tour.
"She can't be the celebrity glamour girl," he said. "She's got to get out there and get exposure upstate."
Nixon won't be the only celebrity candidate on the New York ballot. Former "Law and Order: SVU" actress Diane Neal is running for Congress as an independent in a Hudson Valley district.
___
This story has been corrected to show the child in the video is Nixon's son, not daughter.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
As you'd expect from the latest flagships, both flavors of Mi 8 come with Qualcomm's powerful Snapdragon 845 chipset plus 6GB of RAM, with the normal edition offering up to 256GB of storage, and the other with just 1238GB. They carry a 6.21-inch 2,248 x 1,080 AMOLED screens with 600-nit brightness, and it takes up a good 86.68 percent of the front side, leaving a small chin at the bottom.
The Mi 8 is also the world's first smartphone to support dual-frequency GPS: By leveraging the newer, more powerful L5 band on top of the common L1 band, Xiaomi claims that navigation accuracy is three to five times higher.
As mentioned, the Mi 8 models have dual-12-megapixel main cameras with large 1.4um pixel sites, along with a 20-megapixel front camera that uses pixel binning to combine four pixels to one, in order to simulate the efficiency of 1.8µm pixels. These are enhanced by Xiaomi's AI-enabled studio lighting -- very much like those offered on the iPhone X -- as well as the latest beautification software for prettier portraits.
Last but not least, Xiaomi also unveiled the Mi 8 SE for those with budget in mind. This happens to be the first device to be powered by Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 710 chipset, which is designed for better battery life -- so the 3,120 mAh cell should be plenty -- while still offering AI features. It has a 12MP/5MP dual camera on the back, and a 20-megapixel selfie camera on the other side. This model starts at 1,799 yuan or about $280.
Developing...
JEFFERSON, Ohio — The Ashtabula County Cattlemen's Association hosted the Joe Bodnar Memorial Northern Classic Steer & Heifer Show at the Ashtabula County fairgrounds April 21.
This show was started in 1998 to give youth, under the age of 21, practice showing their beef heifers and steers which they will show at the county fair later in the summer.
This year 69 youth from three states showed 89 animals at this day-long show.
Fifty-one youth were from Ohio, 10 from New York and 8 from Pennsylvania. Matthew Hiser from Jamestown, Ohio, judged the show.
The grand champion heifer was shown by Caroline Blay from Mogadore, Ohio and reserve champion heifer was exhibited by Kyle Piscione from Burbank, Ohio.
The grand champion steer was showed by Hope Lassnick from Painesville, Ohio, and reserve champion was exhibited by Carson Shaffer also of Painesville.
Kate Cole of Dorset won the Ashtabula County Junior Preview Show. Cole also received the $50 Bob Cotterman Memorial Award.
Showmanship. Kyle Piscione from Burbank won the 17 to 21-year-old division, Caleb Carlson from Byron, New York, won the 13 to 16-year-old class, Tatumn Poff from Chardo, Ohio, won the 11 to 13-year-old division, and Gianna Marino from Clarence Center, New York, won the 10 and under division.
A long and violent year in Chicago ended with 762 homicides, police say. That's more than twice the number in New York City, where police said 335 were killed.
Last year marked Chicago's worst homicide rate in two decades, according to The Associated Press. The deceased were among 4,331 shooting victims during the year, accounting for 17.5 percent.
The stories of violence are unrelenting:
Nykea Aldridge, a mother of four, was shot dead in August after being caught in crossfire while pushing her baby in a stroller on Chicago's South Side.
In November, the 15-year-old grandson of U.S. Rep. Danny Davis, D-Ill., was shot dead over a pair of gym shoes.
'Spiraling Out of Control'
ABC News contributor John Cohen, a law enforcement and homeland security expert whose roles have included counterterrorism coordinator for the Department of Homeland Security, described the violence in Chicago as "spiraling out of control."
Beyond Chicago, he said, “a growing number of major cities are receiving a significant increase in robberies, homicides and aggravated assaults.”
He cited three factors he believes may be behind the uptick in violence:
1. An increase in gang activity and violent behavior by career criminals.
2. An increase in the availability of illegal guns, coupled with an increase in criminals' willingness to use them.
3. And an increase in the reluctance by law enforcement to engage in proactive, violence prevention policies. Such hesitancy, Cohen said, is because "officers of various ranks are worried they will respond to a split-second decision and end up being the next person blasted all over the media and will lose their job."
Officers respond to their calls for service and do what they can, Cohen said, but they are "hesitant to be proactive" and "target violent criminals." Criminals sense any hesitancy, Cohen said, and believe they are less likely to be stopped.
Chicago police superintendent Eddie Johnson told the AP recently that officers have become more careful, partly because they're concerned about viral videos.
Johnson added at a news conference last week that police officers are not the reason for the heightened violence in Chicago; he said over 8,000 guns were recovered in 2016 and all those encounters put cops at risk.
Armando L. Sanchez/Chicago Tribune/TNS via Getty Images
'Empowered' Gang Members
There is no simple explanation for why the violence is so extreme, Johnson told reporters last week, but he pointed to the prevalence of gang activity. He also noted that the "the anti-police rhetoric" in Chicago and across the country "has emboldened and actually empowered these gang members to do what they do."
Gang members may believe community residents will take their side instead of the police's, he added.
Johnson said the violence in Chicago is mostly on the city's south and west sides, in areas with a history of gang conflicts.
Of the 12 killings in Chicago over Christmas weekend, he said, 90 percent of the victims had gang affiliations, criminal histories and were pre-identified by the department's "strategic subject algorithm" as being a potential offender or victim of gun violence.
The majority of the 27 shootings Christmas weekend were "targeted attacks" by gangs against potential rival gang members at holiday gatherings, Johnson said.
Cohen, the ABC News contributor, said the concentration of violence in specific neighborhoods can be explained by social issues, like a lack of education or employment, which he said can create a feeling of hopelessness for young people and may contribute to why they gravitate toward the violent gang lifestyle.
Gangs not only provide income, Cohen said, but give young people a familial connection and sense of protection. "If we don't get a handle on this problem," Cohen said, "law enforcement officials that I've been speaking to are saying ... we'll see continuing increases."
Scott Olson/Getty Images
Targeting Gang Violence
Cohen suggested several steps for Chicago to get a handle on the gang violence:
First, he said, the police must identify and aggressively target violent gang members and other violent repeat offenders. "The overwhelming majority of violent crime is committed by people who have engaged in violent criminal activity," he said.
Second, police "have to work to prevent illegal guns from getting into the hands of people who cannot legally possess them," Cohen said.
"There's nobody on either side of the gun-control issue who thinks career repeat offenders ... should be able to possess a gun," he said. "And there are policing strategies that are directly focused on preventing stolen weapons from falling into the hands of violent gang members and repeat violent offenders.
"Third, you have to address the underlying issues," Cohen said.
Citing Los Angeles' efforts in the 1980s and early-1990s, Cohen said that city successfully worked to address underlying issues in neighborhoods that contributed to a sense of hopelessness.
As in Chicago now, L.A. crime then was spiraling out of control, driven by violent gang activity, he said.
First, L.A. police initiated dramatic uniformed and undercover police presences; Cohen said he and other law enforcement officers zeroed in on South Central Los Angeles communities to find the most violent, repeat offenders and target them with federal prosecution.
Also, authorities in L.A. worked with local government and community groups to address some of the underlying issues, like poor education opportunities, Cohen added.
The aggressive enforcement, coupled with addressing the underlying issues, brought significant decreases in gang activity, and violent crime more broadly, in South Central Los Angeles, he said.
Without addressing the underlying issues, Cohen said, "there will be a revolving door" of people who will engage in violent behavior.
Joshua Lott/Getty Images
The Community-Police Relationship
Cohen also cited trust between communities and police as something that's missing nowadays in cities including Chicago, where he said law enforcement officers need to engage proactively with residents, understand what's important to communities and work with them.
Cohen complimented New York City's police officers, saying they go to community meetings and ask what issues are important to the community, which "changes the dynamic" of the conversation. In return, people are willing to talk to officers about problems, he said, which creates personal relationships.
A Call for Legislative Change
Johnson, the Chicago police superintendent who called the level of violence in his city "unacceptable," is pushing for a legislative change to help curb the "reckless gun culture" in Chicago. Johnson said he hopes a new law will give judges autonomy to sentence repeat gun offenders to the middle- or high-end of the range, because he says repeat offenders are not willing to "play by society's rules."
“I just don't believe that we hold repeat gun offenders accountable for their actions," he told reporters Dec. 26, adding that the city must change the narrative so offenders don't want to pick up a gun.
Johnson hopes the legislation will give cops "a fighting chance" to hold offenders accountable to begin to change the narrative in the city.
"We all have a vested interest in reducing this gun violence," he said. "It's not OK and it's not normal. When I go home and my neighbors see me, they are constantly asking what can we do to reduce this gun violence?
"We know that the long-term solutions [are] to invest in these impoverished areas, provide more jobs, better education," Johnson said, adding, "The urgent solution right now is for state legislatures to help us with this gun bill.
"If you pick up a gun and shoot somebody you should go to prison, period," he said. "You don't get a pass from me."
Gil James dances his way down the aisle after receiving his diploma during the Fullerton Union High School graduation at Fullerton District Stadium in Fullerton on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Kevin Sullivan, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
They couldn't award it to Kim Jong-un or Donald Trump; that much was certain.
But the granting of the Nobel Peace Prize to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons opened itself to a clear interpretation across Asia: When it comes to the nuclear-saturated war of words on the Korean Peninsula, attention must be paid and treaties must be signed. And it must be done in a preventative way, at top speed, before something happens that can't be undone.
Looming in the background of the award announcement Friday was the sometimes scalding, sometimes tepid, never silent geopolitical scuffle this year between the young leader of the third-generation Pyongyang regime and the always voluble president of the United States.
Even the Nobel committee's language keyed in on that. It sounded like a plaintive cry to push parties to the negotiating table — to fix something that's already cracked before it's completely, irreversibly shattered.
The head of the group listed an assortment of the world's nuclear nations when she spoke after the win. But it was easy to find significance in the two she mentioned before all others — North Korea and the United States.
And this was the immediate assessment from a Nobel historian: "The panel wants to send a signal to North Korea and the U.S. that they need to go into negotiations." The prize, Oeivind Stenersen suggested, was also "coded support" of the Iran nuclear deal.
This year's Geneva-based winner, known as ICAN, was cited "for its work to draw attention to the catastrophic humanitarian consequences of any use of nuclear weapons and for its ground-breaking efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons."
?From the vantage point of the Korean Peninsula and its surrounding countries, where people shudder weekly at volleys of intemperate words and missile or bomb tests, such a treaty seems a distant dream. And few of the key players seem anywhere near a Nobel Peace Prize.
North Korea just conducted its sixth and by far the largest nuclear test, moving closer to its goal of mounting a nuclear warhead on an intercontinental ballistic missile.?It has repeatedly threatened to obliterate the United States from the map.
Such bellicose language from the North is common. It has spent years issuing over-the-top dispatches through its propaganda apparatus promising to destroy the United States.
In recent months, however, Pyongyang's invective has been matched almost blow by blow for the first time by equally aggressive language from Washington under the Trump administration, or at least Trump himself. The U.S. president has shown no hesitation in cutting through the niceties of diplomatic lingo to excoriate the North and threaten to wipe it out of existence.
He has dubbed Kim "Little Rocket Man" and said his regime may not be long for this world.?The U.S., of course, has one of the world's largest nuclear arsenals, even after significant reductions since the Cold War. It remains the only nation on the planet to use nuclear weapons during a war.
In the past four weeks alone, Trump has used words like these, in a recent tweet: "Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they won't be around much longer!"
And Kim, who bestowed upon Trump the rarely used insult "dotard" and pronounced him senile, has used words like these:
"Now that Trump has denied the existence of and insulted me and my country in front of the eyes of the world and made the most ferocious declaration of a war in history that he would destroy (North Korea), we will consider with seriousness exercising of a corresponding, the highest level of hard-line countermeasure in history."
Public posturing, sure. But not exactly language that points the way toward common ground, either.
The tension in word and deed between Washington and Pyongyang has faded slightly in recent days as the in-the-moment news cycle marches forward, but history shows that to be temporary. Another early-morning missile test, another intemperate remark or worse will put it right back on center stage.
The awarding of the $1.1 million prize to ICAN helps that happen, too, though even the group's executive director, Beatrice Fihn, said she "worried it was a prank at first" when she got the call from the Nobel committee.
Against this backdrop — and in Northeast Asia, a region that remains the only place where nuclear weapons were used against a civilian population during a war — the awarding of the Nobel Peace Prize in this manner implies one key point.
The influential body, which often uses the prize to set the agenda of where the light gets shone, is saying to Kim Jong-un and Donald Trump, among others: We've got our eye on you, and the world needs to look harder, too.
———
Ted Anthony, the Bangkok-based director of Asia-Pacific news for The Associated Press, has traveled to North Korea multiple times since 2014. Follow him on Twitter at @anthonyted
As communities age and money for big projects dries up, top municipal officials are saying “something has to give.”
A report on the perspective of chief administrative officers (CAOs) — by Strategy Corp. — found that just as Toronto is struggling to find ways to pay for much-needed infrastructure work, smaller communities, too, are finding it increasingly difficult to come with badly-needed cash.
“You thought Toronto was just having these problems,” said John Matheson, report co-author and a principal at Strategy Corp. “Actually, the report indicates it's the municipal sector as a whole ... These problems are fairly common across Ontario which is why it's important people pay attention to them.”
The group interviewed 26 CAOs — the top bureaucrats of towns, counties or cities — to get their views on the future of municipal government. The report focuses on small- to medium-size communities, and was provided exclusively to the Toronto Sun.
The report says CAOs are seeing a gap between what the public expects of local government and what they are prepared to pay for has grown. One participant told the authors “something has to give.”
The report says councillors in those communities are hesitant to raise taxes or create new revenue streams to pay for the work which isn't surprising, he added.
“There's a lot of infrastructure put in the ground between 50 and 75 years ago,” Matheson said, adding that years of deferring infrastructure work are catching up with communities.
The CAOs also expressed concern about the rise of a divisive brand of populism in city halls across Ontario. A number of councillors are mimicking U.S. President Donald Trump's brash style, often publicly attacking bureaucrats and questioning their work.
“(Municipal governments) are not designed to have a somebody on council who is structurally opposing everything,” he said. “It's contributing to only half of them saying they had good relations with their councils.”
The interviews used for the report were conducted confidentially. The findings offer a rare, unvarnished view of major issues taking place in these towns and cities, said Ron Shaw, a senior advisor with Strategy Corp who co-authored the report.
Shaw, a former CAO with over 30 years experience in Stratford and Kincardine, said top municipal bureaucrats don't want to be critical of their communities publicly.
“They're not going to say much different than what their councillors may be saying,” he added. “They want to make sure they represent the views of the municipality. Speaking confidentially, they can speak to us ... and give honest, open feedback.”
Releasing the report at the Association of Municipalities of Ontario's annual meeting in Ottawa this week will help bring the concerns of the CAOs into focus, he said.
Matheson added that the concerns raised in the report will need to be addressed through a variety of means, including the provision of more cash to municipalities.
sjeffords@postmedia.com
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Three-division world champion Vasyl Lomachenko has undergone surgery to fix a torn labrum in his right shoulder.
The two-time Olympic gold medalist from Ukraine hopes to return to the ring later this year, according to a statement Wednesday from his promoter.
Lomachenko (11-1, 9 KOs) had arthroscopic surgery at the Cedars-Sinai Kerlan-Jobe Institute in Los Angeles by orthopedic surgeon Neal ElAttrache.
Lomachenko says he hurt his shoulder during the second round of his 10th-round stoppage victory over Jorge Linares in New York on May 12 to defend his WBA lightweight title.
ElAttrache says Lomachenko had an "extensive" tear in his labrum along with cartilage damage, but the surgeon believes Lomachenko will make a full recovery.
Lomachenko initially planned to fight again Aug. 25, but won't make that date while recovering.
Irv Gotti is known to most as the founder of now defunct The Inc record label. His opinions on the intricacies and sociopolitical ramifications of racism in America were never going to be super coherent or thought out, but his latest — now deleted — post to Instagram is something else. In short, the onetime mogul blames the recent resurgence of white supremacists and Nazis not on the race-baiting and xenophobic ramblings of Donald Trump, who refused at the time to denounce the white supremacist fervor overtaking Charlottesville this weekend, but on…The Kardashian family, specifically their penchant for dating black men.
From the desk of #IrvGotti A post shared by Baller Alert (@balleralert) on Aug 13, 2017 at 8:54am PDT
In the long post, Gotti stated that the blame for racism can be laid at the feet of Kylie Jenner, who has a well-known preference for dating rappers, and possibly starting rumors about them to generate headlines, writing,
“F*ck it. Let's talk about it right now. This is what they hate right now. With a passion. Bruce Jenner and Kris Jenner's daughter. Arguably the HOTTEST CHICK ON THE PLANET!! Dated Tyga!! Now dating Travis Scott!! 2 RAP N*GGAS!! I think when Trump says. LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. I think he is saying LETS GET OUR WOMEN BACK!! Cause the Hip Hop Culture has f*cked up the whole sh*t. F*ck it. I'm gonna say it. THE KARDASHIAN CLAN AND THE TWO JENNER DAUGHTERS. Has f*cked up the whole world.”
Well, that explains…precisely nothing. While there are undoubtedly many backwards-thinking bigots who stay up nights worrying about miscegenation, the violence in Charlottesville is about a lot more than that. Gotti deleted the post, but not before being excoriated on social media. With rappers from Kodak Black to Boosie Badazz letting Instagram walk them into the jaws of of social community primed to drag anyone who slips up even a little bit, maybe it's time for more hip-hop public figures to start hiring social media managers?
So Irv Gotti is saying racism is a thing because….the Kardashians like black men? pic.twitter.com/d7lgs4bEyp — Baévo Ratatouille (@T_dot_Lee_PhD) August 13, 2017
I like Irv Gotti and all but I think racism from old white men started before the Kardashians and Jenner sisters were born. https://t.co/hh7A7C5gm0 — RICH KIDD | R-WAY (@richkiddbeats) August 13, 2017
So irv gotti think racism started with the kardashians sleeping with rappers pic.twitter.com/NceWHxhP8U — Brandon (@bdavis06516) August 13, 2017
Irv Gotti: the #Charolettesville Nazis & white men are acting this way bc Kylie Jenner and the Kardashians date black men Our Ancestors: pic.twitter.com/VKEJpHyS4A — 🌹 (@DopealiciousJ) August 13, 2017
NEW YORK (AP) — The real estate firm owned by the family of Jared Kushner has withdrawn a request for a big tax break for one its buildings in Jersey City, New Jersey, the latest setback for the company in the area.
The Kushner Cos. sent a letter withdrawing its application for a 30-year break from city taxes for a planned two-tower project in the struggling Journal Square section of the city, Jersey City spokeswoman Jennifer Morrill said Wednesday. Opponents of the tax breaks marched downtown earlier this year and the city's mayor recently came out against the Kushner request.
Jared Kushner was CEO of the family company before stepping down to become a senior adviser to his father-in-law, President Donald Trump.
Kushner Cos. spokesman James Yolles said the company is committed to the "much-needed investment" in that area of the city.
The loss of the tax break is the latest blow for the company in a city where it is major real estate developer.
The 79-story building — One Journal Square — gained attention last month after Jared Kushner's sister, Nicole Kushner Meyer, mentioned her brother in a presentation in Beijing where she had hoped to attract Chinese investors in the building. Marketing material noted the "celebrity status" of her family.
Government ethics experts blasted the family for what they said was an attempt to profit off Jared Kushner's position in Washington, and the Kushner Cos. canceled upcoming investor presentations in the country.
The company said Meyer wasn't trying to use her White House ties to attract investors.
The Kushner family is seeking 300 wealthy Chinese to invest a total of $150 million in One Journal Square. The family was trying to raise money through the EB-5 visa program that grants temporary U.S. residency to wealthy foreigners in exchange for investments of at least $500,000 in certain U.S. projects
The company also is in danger of losing another tax break for the building. The shared office space firm WeWork recently pulled out as anchor tenant. That has put in doubt a state break tied to WeWork.
Another project is off, too. The Kushner Cos. once considered bidding to develop a 95-acre industrial site along the Hackensack River in the city for housing, called Bayfront. Last month, it was revealed the family had withdrawn from those plans last year.
The Kusnher Cos. has said politics had nothing to do with its decision to withdraw from Bayfront, and that "economics of the deal" drove the move.
As for One Journal Square, company spokesman Yolles said the project will provide 4,000 construction jobs and $180 million in tax revenue for the city over 30 years.
Jersey City Mayor Steven Fulop, a Democrat, is running for re-election this fall, and tax breaks to developers have become a major issue.
Unlike neighboring Hoboken, Jersey City has granted dozens of tax breaks in recent years. Fulop had campaigned to reform the practice, but critics say he has done little.
Another Kushner property in the city overlooking the Hudson River got a five-year tax break soon after Fulop was elected mayor. That 50-story building has licensed the Trump name and is called Trump Bay Street. The building was also partly financed with EB-5 visa money from abroad.
The Kushner family owns or manages 20,000 apartments, 13 million square feet of office space and industrial properties in several states, including New York, New Jersey, Maryland and Illinois.
What 6.5 creedmoor die sets are you using? I've got a Ruger Precision coming so it's time to get my dies for it. I've mostly used RCBS and Lee for all my hunting rifles and have been happy. I won't be shooting competition but would obviously like to be as accurate as possible out to 1,000ish yards. I may not even use match bullets. Thinking about the Berger VLD hunting bullets which are what I use in my 300WSM just in case I want to pack it up to a view point for deer. Thinking about the Lee 4 die ultimate set. Anybody uses those for this caliber? Recommendations? Thanks in advance guys and gals!
All Times Eastern
NASCAR
COKE ZERO SUGAR 400
Site: Daytona Beach, Florida.
Schedule: Thursday, practice, 2:05 & 4:05 p.m. (NBCSN); Friday, qualifying, 4:10 p.m. (NBCSN); Saturday, race, 7 p.m., NBCSN.
Track: Daytona International Speedway (oval, 2.5 miles).
Race distance: 400 miles, 160 laps.
Last year: Ricky Stenhouse Jr. won after starting sixth.
Last race: Kyle Busch took the checkered flag at Chicagoland for the fifth time in 2018.
Fast facts: Busch and Kevin Harvick each have five wins in their first 17 starts of the season. That's only happened one other time since 1977, as Denny Hamlin and Jimmie Johnson had five victories by this point in the season in 2010. ...The last six races at Daytona have been determined by less than a half-second, and a 2007 race was the third closest since the inception of electronic scoring and timing. Jamie McMurray beat Kyle Busch by 0.005 seconds 11 years ago. ... William Byron leads Bubba Wallace by 37 points in the rookie of the year standings.
Next race: Quaker State 400, July 14, Kentucky Speedway, Sparta, Kentucky.
Online: http://www.nascar.com
___
XFINITY
COCA-COLA FIRECRACKER 250
Site: Daytona Beach, Florida
Schedule: Thursday, practice, 1:05 & 3:05 p.m. (NBCSN); Friday, qualifying, 2:10 p.m. (NBCSN), race, 7:30 p.m., NBCSN.
Track: Daytona International Speedway.
Race distance: 250 miles, 100 laps.
Last year: William Byron won at Daytona, his second straight victory.
Last race: Kyle Larson won at Chicagoland from the pole.
Fast facts: The last six series races at Daytona have produced six different winners. ...JR Motorsports has taken first in five of the last nine events at the track, including Tyler Reddick earlier this season. ...Cole Custer is atop the series standings for the first time in his career. Custer is three points ahead of Daniel Hemric and four points better than Elliott Sadler. ...Justin Haley will make his series debut in the No. 23 Chevrolet for GMS Racing.
Next race: Alsco 300, July 13, Kentucky Speedway.
Online: http://www.nascar.com
___
CAMPING WORLD TRUCK
Last race: Brett Moffitt won for the second time in three starts at Chicagoland.
Next race: Buckle Up in Your Truck 225, July 12, Kentucky Speedway.
Online: http://www.nascar.com
___
VERIZON INDYCAR
IOWA CORN 300
Site: Newton, Iowa
Schedule: Saturday, practice, 11:15 a.m., qualifying, 3:30 p.m. (NBCSN), practice, 6:45 p.m.; Sunday, race, 2 p.m., NBCSN.
Track: Iowa Speedway (oval, 0.894 miles)
Race distance: 268.2 miles, 300 laps.
Last year: Former series star Helio Castroneves took first at Iowa.
Last race: Josef Newgarden won for the third time in 2018 at Road America.
Fast facts: Iowa will be the fourth oval race of the season. Newgarden (Phoenix), Will Power (Indianapolis) and Scott Dixon (Texas) won the first three. ... . Ryan Hunter-Reay is the only active driver to take first at Iowa more than once. He won in 2012, 2014 and 2015. ... No pole sitter has won in Newton in 11 tries. ... Matheus Leist took the Indy Lights race at Iowa in 2017 after starting 10th.
Next race: Honda Indy Toronto, July 15, Streets of Toronto, Toronto.
Online: http://www.indycar.com
___
FORMULA ONE
BRITISH GRAND PRIX
Site: Silverstone, England
Schedule: Friday, practice, 5 & 9 a.m.; Saturday, practice, 6 a.m., qualifying, 9 a.m.; Sunday, race, 9:10 a.m.
Track: Silverstone Circuit (3.66 miles).
Race distance: 190.3 miles, 52 laps.
Last year: Lewis Hamilton won from the pole on his home track.
Last race: Max Verstappen won his first race of the season in Austria.
Fast facts: Hamilton, Valterri Bottas and Daniel Ricciardo were among six drivers whose races ended early last week. Those issues helped shake up the standings, with Sebastian Vettel vaulting over Hamilton for first place. But Vettel's lead is by just one point (146-145). ... McLaren racing director Eric Boullier resigned this week after the team notched just four points in the last four races.
Next race: German Grand Prix, July 22, Hockenheimring, Hockenheim, Germany.
Online: http://www.formula1.com
___
NHRA MELLO YELLO DRAG RACING
NEW ENGLAND NATIONALS
Site: Epping, New Hampshire.
Schedule: Friday, qualifying, 5 & 7:30 p.m.; Saturday, qualifying, 2 & 4:30 p.m.; Sunday, finals, 3:37 p.m.
Track: New England Dragway
Last year: Brittany Force won in New Hampshire in early June 2017.
Last race: Blake Alexander claimed his first career win in Top Fuel in Ohio.
Fast facts: Alexander qualified 12th and beat Antron Brown, Tony Schumacher and Leah Pritchett before entering his second career final round, where he took down Terry McMillen. ... Matt Hagan (Funny Car), Tanner Gray (Pro Stock) and Eddie Krawiec (Pro Stock Motorcycle) also claimed victories in Norwalk two weeks ago. It was the second win of the season for Hagan, a two-time world champion.
Next race: Mile High Nationals, July 20-22, Bandimere Speedway, Morrison, Colorado.
Online: http://www.nhra.com
___
OTHER RACES
WORLD OF OUTLAWS: Friday & Saturday; FVP Platinum Battery Showdown, Cedar Lake Speedway, New Richmond, Wisconsin.
Online: http://www.woosprint.com
According to a U.S. district judge, "The Happytime Murders" indeed is "No sesame. All street."
In New York on Wednesday Judge Vernon Broderick ruled that the upcoming Melissa McCarthy film can use that tagline, for which STX Production had been sued by the makers of "Sesame Street," according to the Associated Press.
Sesame Workshop sued STX last week, arguing in court documents obtained by ABC News that the trailer depicted "explicit, profane, drug-using, misogynistic, violent, copulating, and even ejaculating puppets" and that "The Happytime Murders" could tarnish its brand.
Sesame Workshop also argued parents or children could be confused that the company supported the R-rated film.
Broderick said in court that Sesame Workshop didn't demonstrate moviegoers were confused or that sponsors had complained, according to the AP.
"We're fluffing love Sesame Street and we're obviously very pleased that the ruling reinforced what STX's intention was from the very beginning -- to honor the heritage of The Jim Henson Company's previous award-winning creations while drawing a clear distinction between any Muppets or Sesame Street characters and the new world Brian Henson and team created," STX said in statement.
Bollywood actor Sonali Bendre has been diagnosed with high-grade cancer, the actor wrote on her Instagram and Twitter handle on Wednesday. Sonali, who has been judging Zee TV's popular reality show India's Best Dramebaaz since 2013, has been now replaced by Jolly LLB 2 actor Huma Qureshi which indicates that Sonali had already quit the show because of her unfortunate disease and therefore Huma Qureshi came on board.
Sonali, who was last seen in Once Upon A Time In Mumbai Dobara is married to filmmaker Goldie Bahl
Bollywood actor Sonali Bendre has been diagnosed with high-grade cancer which has unfortunately metastasised. The actor shared the news with her fans on Wednesday morning as she shared a heartfelt note on her Instagram and Twitter account. She is currently undergoing treatment in New York and al her fans have been wishing Sonali a speedy recovery. Sonali, who has been judging Zee TV's popular reality show India's Best Dramebaaz since 2013, has been now replaced by Jolly LLB 2 actor Huma Qureshi which indicates that Sonali had already quit the show because of her unfortunate disease and therefore Huma Qureshi came on board.
The show is about little kids showcasing their acting talent. Sonali had been judging the show since 2013 along with Vivek Oberoi and this was the third season where Sonali was going to be one of the judges but she quit the show.
#IndiasBestDramebaaz Season 3 premieres tonight and @vivekoberoi, @OmungKumar and I have had the best time! Can't wait for you all to watch the super talented kids tonight at 9 pm on @ZeeTV! pic.twitter.com/LU9wiAQvSm — Sonali Bendre Behl (@iamsonalibendre) June 30, 2018
According to earlier reports it was stated that Sonali had quit India's Best Dramebaaz due to personal reasons and therefore Huma Qureshi was roped in. However, now that Sonali has spoken about her disease, it is being anticipated that she left the show because of her disease.
Apart from several Bollywood films such as Aag, Hum Saath-Saath Hain, Zakhm, Duplicate, Sonali has also featured in Telugu, Tamil, Marathi and Kannada movies.
As soon as Sonali shared the disheartening news, her fans on social media started wishing for her speedy recovery. They have been showering their love and blessings on the actress and are asking her to fight the battle and comeback as a winner.
Sonali, who was last seen in Once Upon A Time In Mumbai Dobara is married to filmmaker Goldie Bahl and has a son. We wish that she gets well soon and fights this tough phase. One of the most stunning actresses, she has fans across the globe.
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
Read More
Authorities believe at least some of the four girls found dead during a blaze in Jerusalem were murdered before the fire was sparked.
The four young girls found dead during a fire in their Jerusalem apartment may have been murdered beforehand by their mother, local police say, in what appears to have been a murder-suicide.
Jerusalem district police commander Yoram Levy spoke with Army Radio Monday morning regarding the ongoing investigation into the incident, describing the scene of the grisly murders.
“No one can get used to seeing something like that. We often see difficult things, but this was something else,” said Levy. “Speaking as someone who reached the scene and who saw the figures, the bodies, it was a very difficult sight even for the most hardened professionals.”
Levy said that the first report to authorities of the incident came from neighbors in the building.
“The neighbors smelled smoke and tried to open the door, they went to their [the family's] porch and saw the initial scene. At that point they called MDA, the fire department, and police, who broke into the apartment.”
Based on the initial investigation, Levy added, at least some of the girls killed on Sunday were murdered before the fire was lit – strangled by their mother before she set their home ablaze and hanged herself.
“The fire was in a small room with no oxygen,” said Levy, “a fire which burned for hours, creating intense heat and choking [those in the apartment]. The initial findings of the investigation show that some of the girls were already dead before the fire was lit. We are, of course, requesting that autopsies be performed, [but] no permission has been granted, so we have turned to the court, which is set to rule soon.”
“The court needs to decide whether to [permit] autopsies, and it is a difficult decision. We will continue with the investigation with experts from the fire department who can conduct a forensic analysis of scenes like this.”
Levy also responded to questions regarding whether there were any warning signs prior to the ghastly murders, and if the incident could have been prevented.
“Like all parents, many people are asking the question of how something like this could happen, and we don't have an answer. We know that the mother was being treated by medical services, and there is evidence from the scene that she was taking medication.”
The mother and her four daughters were found dead Sunday evening after a fire was reported in their sixth-floor Derech Hevron apartment. The father was seriously injured by the fire.
The couple immigrated to Israel from France 13 years ago, and had four daughters, ages 11, 9, 4, and 11 months.
SAN FRANCISCO — A UPS employee opened fire at a San Francisco package delivery facility on Wednesday, killing three employees and then himself as officers closed in, police said.
San Francisco assistant police chief Toney Chaplin said in a news conference that two other employees were wounded in the shooting that prompted a massive police response in downtown San Francisco.
Police have not determined a motive. Chaplin said that the shooter was armed with an assault pistol and put the weapon to his head and pulled the trigger when police found him.
ADVERTISEMENT
UPS spokesman Steve Gaut told The Associated Press that the shooter was an employee who opened fire inside the facility before the drivers were sent out to do their normal daily deliveries.
Neighbors said they heard up to eight rapid gunshots.
“It was like tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat,” said Raymond Deng, who lives across the street from the warehouse.
After the gunfire, auto shop owner Robert Kim said he saw “a mob of UPS drivers” running down the street screaming “shooter, shooter.”
Deng, 30, a data scientist for a start-up company, also saw workers fleeing and another group of about 10 who gathered on the roof and held their hands up as police arrived.
“I saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings,” he said. “It's crazy.”
Police responding to the facility in the Potrero Hill neighborhood, about 2 ½ miles from downtown San Francisco, found wounded victims and pulled them to safety. Then they found the gunman, who killed himself.
Investigators recovered two firearms from the scene.
ADVERTISEMENT
Uniformed UPS employees were later led out in a line by officers next to a highway. They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby and gathered nearby outside a restaurant.
It came the same day a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice, wounding U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others.
The salesclerks wear head-to-toe logo tracksuits ($2,300 for the jacket, $1,500 for the pants) at the new Gucci store on Wooster Street, a cultish cadre of caterers and nodders with the patience of saints gamely explaining the differences between the embroidered sneakers and showing couples in worn-in flip-flops 20 or 30 yowza-wowza sunglass options.
Here — at the rowdiest, most alluring and zeitgeist-specific new store to arrive in SoHo in years — the tug of war over what it means to create, or purchase, a luxury item is at full power.
Over the last few years, the idea of luxury has grown enough to include the stylish and unstylish, the well-to-do and the aspiring, the sincere and the ironic, the real and the fake. It is not an exclusive preserve. It is a reference point, an idea that's malleable.
Credit Alessandro Michele, who took over design duties at Gucci in 2015 and quickly remade it as a fashion fun house, with understanding this intimately and profitably.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
South African communities give Nigerians quit notice
The Nigeria Union in South Africa, on Wednesday claimed that two communities in the country, have asked Nigerians to leave their territories. President of the union, Ikechukwu Anyene, said the Kuruman community in Northern Cape Province gave Nigerians till Thursday to leave. He also said the Klaafontein community, Extension 5, Johannesburg, directed landlords not to […]
South African communities give Nigerians quit notice
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Angie Booth shares this latest on behalf of the Floating Bridge Stakeholders' Group. Ed
This morning, we can see that the Council has not made all of the necessary improvements to the Cowes floating bridge to meet the Statement of Requirements, specifically those that ensure that this floating bridge is at least even as good as the last.
If this floating bridge is infrequent and unreliable, let alone unsafe or putting boats in peril, it won't work.
Grounded three times
“Testing” during neap tides and with little river traffic is inappropriate and renders falsely favourable results i.e. confirmation bias – getting the results you want by fixing the circumstances to make things work the best.
Last week during spring tides the floating bridge grounded three times badly. The floating bridge will be less likely to ground these next weeks during neaps, but there are many other issues, despite a few small ones that have been resolved.
Unresolved design problems
There are many unresolved design problems that, all together, make the floating bridge slower, less reliable and more expensive to run as well.
This ranges in a very long list (not all listed here) – not only the noise and the chains – including: requiring all pedestrians to leave through one exit; grounding its boxy front easily on the slipway, necessitating costly regular dredging; driving slightly visually impaired with only one central wheelhouse that also needs extra staff to assist onboard for a variety of reasons, including that it takes too long for the driver to come down two flights of stairs to open the gates.
Passenger accommodation lacking
This floating bridge is supposed to have ‘improved passenger accommodation' yet instead it has 50% less sheltered space for pedestrians and horrible lack of access for people with disabilities, all of whom can't stand in the cold and rain for a half hour waiting for a slow floating bridge; people won't use it, and this has real impact on the towns, Newport traffic, and the Council's coffers as well.
Shops need customers.
Businesses will die
We were promised a floating bridge better than the last one, and this one still fails on all accounts. The Council can't afford the risk of accepting this bridge, because if it is at times much slower and grounds more frequently than the old bridge, people won't use it, and the Council will lose money, the traffic in Newport will be debilitating, and businesses will die.
This is no joke, and it has gone on long enough.
Council must reject this floating bridge
Unless radical and expensive fixes are done, such as building another sheltered pedestrian area, cutting out several metres in the length of the bridge, and building a wheelhouse on each end (amongst other things), this will not be a long-term success.
Sadly, these types of engineering feats are so expensive that they probably would also require EU tendering, would cost even more money, and wouldn't even be guaranteed to work. It would cost almost the same as starting from scratch. The Council must reject this floating bridge and stop the sticking-plaster attempts; the time that is being wasted is costing the Council and the people dearly.
Former floating bridge was profitable
Many people do not know that the previous floating bridge made a hefty profit for the IW Council with the vehicle fares, because the Council didn't ring-fence those profits for the floating bridge and instead spent them on other things.
It has been wrongly assumed that the Council pays for the floating bridge operation when in fact it has been a money-maker. If this floating bridge is slower and less reliable, it will cost the Council money (it will not make a profit) and not do its job. A bad floating bridge won't make a profit.
If you were sold a banger of a new work van that you must have in order to work, and the warranty/trial period was about to run out, would you accept that van, knowing it probably would cost you money and break down on you? And what if you knew that you had to keep it for 20-30 years? You wouldn't.
Sell FB 6 and buy a new one
The Council should do the best thing: take out a low-interest loan, sell off this floating bridge whilst it is still new and hasn't depreciated in value, and use the money from the sale of the floating bridge and some of the future profits from fares to pay back the loan which wouldn't take long at all.
Normally taking out a loan is a bad idea, especially if you can't reasonably guarantee that you can repay it. But a well functioning floating bridge makes a very good profit, and a new floating bridge – and the sale of this one – can pay for its own loan.
The Council could also buy a stable, disabled-access Jenny boat for a fraction of the amount that they pay out to hire one, and run an excellent launch service in the meantime. That all makes good business sense, and we're sure that the Council can see that is in their best financial interest as well as the interest of Cowes, Newport, and East Cowes.
It can't be fixed
We all wish this floating bridge could be fixed, but it can't. We don't blame the Council necessarily for what is wrong with the bridge, but now that it's clear that action to fix it properly has not been taken, the responsibility for rejecting this floating bridge sits squarely on the Council's shoulders now.
We as Islanders also are concerned that the Council and its individual officers may be leaving themselves open to liability.
We'd also like to thank the floating bridge staff who are operating under such difficult conditions and trying to make things work in spite of problems.
Please do the right thing and the best thing for the people and the Council – buy a new floating bridge that is closer to the size and shape of Floating Bridge 5.
Image: © With kind permission of Allan Marsh
Location map
View the location of this story.
NEW YORK- Beginning with the 2017-18 season, the NBA Development League (NBA D-League) will be renamed the NBA Gatorade League (NBA G-League) as part of a multiyear expanded partnership announced today by the National Basketball Association (NBA) and Gatorade. This marks the first time a U.S. professional sports league has named an entitlement partner.
The Reno Bighorns one of 22 teams in the league and are an affiliate of the National Basketball Assoication's Saramento Kings.
As part of the partnership, the NBA and Gatorade unveiled a new NBA G-League logo that will be featured across all game balls, team jerseys, oncourt signage, and league digital assets. Additionally, Gatorade will incubate its latest product and equipment innovations into NBA G-League locker rooms, and teams will have the opportunity to collaborate with Gatorade to help players maximize their athletic potential and oncourt performance.
Through the Gatorade Sports Science Institute (GSSI), the sports fuel company will collaborate with the NBA G-League on programs to enhance player sports performance and recovery. Since 1985, GSSI has helped athletes optimize their sports performance and well-being through research, education, innovation and providing high-caliber sports nutrition science services. GSSI scientists will partner with the NBA G-League on player nutrition and training programs, incorporating the newest technology and innovations in Gatorade testing, product and equipment.
The league has tripled in size from eight teams during the inaugural 2001-02 season to a record 25 teams for the 2017-18 campaign. NBA owners have increasingly invested in the NBA D-League, with 15 NBA clubs purchasing an NBA D-League team since the 2012-13 season, bringing the total number of NBA-owned minor league franchises to 20 for next season.
The partners will also collaborate on custom, behind-the-scenes video content which will capture NBA G-League players on their respective journeys, highlighting a shared commitment to enhancing performance through innovation.
A founding partner of the NBA D-League, Gatorade will continue to present the league's Gatorade Call-Up platform. Since 2001, there have been nearly 500 Gatorade Call-Ups from the NBA D-League to the NBA.
READING, PA – Penske Truck Leasing has unveiled a proprietary data platform -- Penske Connected Fleet -- that lets the company connect its systems to virtually any truck and engine configuration or telematics service provider.
“Our unique approach makes it easy for customers to connect their vehicles and share their vehicle data with us. We've designed these connected fleet solutions to improve vehicle uptime, safety and compliance, and help keep customers well-informed about their vehicles,” said Brian Hard, president and Chief Executive Officer.
The tools have been introduced to speed up roadside assistance and improve maintenance activities through remote diagnostics, location data, and “big data analytics”, the company says, adding that it also offers the technological support for predictive maintenance.
Penske is now using its solution on more than 20,000 vehicles in its truck rental and logistics fleets. The remote diagnostics is also being used by Penske's roadside assistance call center.
How Bukola Saraki allegedly bribed CCT Chairman with $2million to dismiss damaging Assets Declaration charges
To obtain the dismissal of the charges he faced at the Code of Conduct Tribunal, Senate President Bukola Saraki allegedly paid heavily in cash, and in kind. According to a report by SaharaReporters, the cash payment, a whopping $2million, went to CCT Chairman, Danladi Umar. Read their report below: The kind was a promise to […]
The post How Bukola Saraki allegedly bribed CCT Chairman with $2million to dismiss damaging Assets Declaration charges appeared first on Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Carilion, VT-C Med School leads way on IBD screening research
| By
Its not something people like to talk about – Inflammatory Bowel Disease – but research being led here in Roanoke could help detect those “stomach bugs” before they become a problem as WFIR's Gene Marrano reports:
5-30 IBD Study Wrap#1wav-WEB
For the first time in more than three years, Oklahoma State coach Mike Gundy will have a new starting quarterback.
Mason Rudolph started 41 games for the Cowboys and left with many of the most significant school records.
Taylor Cornelius appears ready to step in. The 6-foot-6, 232-pound senior has taken control of the position during the spring.
"He's doing really well," Gundy said. "He's been around here forever and his strength is his knowledge of our offence. He throws the ball around pretty well and he has nice size. The only thing we don't know is how well he'll handle playing in games."
Though Cornelius has only passed for 220 yards and rushed for 108 in his career, the transition has been seamless. He knows much of his work will go beyond throwing the ball.
"I am trying to be a bigger role model and a leader for this group because I am the older guy," he said. "So those have been big things for me this spring."
Keondre Wudtee and John Kolar are the other quarterbacks in the mix. But Cornelius has been solid through the spring, which culminates with the April 28 spring game.
REPLACING WASHINGTON
Washington was the Biletnikoff Award winner last season, and Marcell Ateman gained more than 1,100 yards receiving. Though both are gone, the Cowboys are still loaded at that spot, with Jalen McCleskey, Dillon Stoner and Tyron Johnson still around. McCleskey has 152 career receptions and 15 touchdowns. Stoner caught 44 passes as a freshman last season. Johnson, a junior, was a five-star prospect coming out of high school who finally will have the stage.
"We're pretty good," Johnson said. "We're going to fly under the radar. A lot of people will think we're not that good because we lost some big targets to the draft, but that's how it goes. We reloaded and we have a lot of talented receivers that have to get on the same page as the quarterbacks and learn the plays."
John Essey and family live in a modest, two-story home on a tree-lined street in the suburbs north of Pittsburgh. From the outside, it looks like any other house in the neighborhood, but this house has a brain.
"It knows we're home. Doors unlock, [it] kinda sets the mood for the rest of the house too, turns on lights, sets the thermostat accordingly," Essey says.
Essey is an engineer at Uber and an early adopter of the Internet of things. He can control his lights with his Amazon Echo or an array of touchpad sensors he's installed throughout the home. Sensors tell him when there's water in the basement or a leak under the sink.
While Essey's setup might sound a little like science fiction it's a prototype of the future. Some critics are worried these devices won't be secure and that companies will use them to spy on us to make money.
Gierad Laput, a Ph.D. student at Carnegie Mellon University, says as the Internet of things becomes more engrained in our daily lives, there are a couple of ways people are turning ordinary homes into smart homes.
"One way is basically to buy all the appliances, smart oven, smart dishwasher, smart microwave, smart toaster, all these things," Laput says.
But that stuff is really expensive. Smart refrigerators can cost $3,000 or more. And Laput said those devices don't always talk to each other, especially if they're made by different manufacturers.
The other way is to get sensors, and put them on everything you want to monitor.
"But then those get really unwieldy and you've got all these things sticking around and they look ugly and socially obtrusive," Laput says.
So Laput and his team wanted to see if they could build just one sensor that could monitor a whole range of activity in a room. And they did. It doesn't look like much; just a little 2-inch-square circuit board that plugs into the wall. The board senses about a dozen different facets of its environment: vibrations, sounds, light color and so on. The sensor communicates wirelessly with a computer, which interprets everything it picks up.
Laput demonstrated how the sensor works by turning on a blender. Almost immediately, a text box saying "blender running" popped up on a computer screen along with a purple squiggly line representing the blender's vibration.
Laput turned on a light, and the screen said, "light on."
Laput says he imagines both domestic and commercial applications for such a sensor. It could tell you that you left your stove on or that you're almost out of paper towels in the bathroom at the restaurant you own.
But critics say there's a catch.
"Surveillance is now the business model of the Internet. Companies make money spying on you," says Bruce Schneier, an Internet security expert and the chief technology officer at IBM's cybersecurity arm. "When the app says I can detect when you're out of paper towels, they're not doing it for your best interest, they're doing it because they want to sell you paper towels."
Schneier pointed to Roomba, the little automated vacuum from iRobot. The company's CEO said last month that the device could soon start mapping your home, raising concerns that that data could be sold for a profit. The company swiftly clarified that it would only collect and share data if customers consented.
But on top of the issue of surveillance, Schneier says makers of Internet-of-things devices just aren't prioritizing security.
"We're building a world-sized robot without even realizing it," he says.
That robot has eyes and ears that collect data, brains that process it and arms and legs that take action in the real world.
But arms and legs can kick and punch, and more eyes and ears — like Laput's sensor — could make those kicks and punches both more accurate and more devastating.
Congress Protects Coasts From Climate Change With Mud
As California reels from record-breaking erosion following punishing waves last winter, the federal government is turning to mud and sand from dredging projects to slow land losses and ease flooding nationwide as seas rise and storms intensify.
Pacific Ocean storms strengthened by a powerful El Niño and global warming caused yawning erosion from Washington state to California a year ago. The problem was severe in the San Francisco Bay Area, where unprecedented beach losses were worsened by a shortage of shore-nourishing mud and sand that flows from mountain valleys to beaches through rivers and bays.
Ocean Beach in San Francisco was hit hard by erosion last winter.
Credit: Nick/Flickr
The combination of powerful storms and the sediment shortfall produced what U.S. Geological Survey coastal scientist Patrick Barnard called a “worst-case scenario” that “may be an indication of what's to come.” Barnard led research published Tuesday in the journal Nature Communications that measured unprecedented West Coast erosion from storms last winter.
During the final weeks of Obama's presidency, Congress passed a water infrastructure bill that aimed, among other things, to curb worsening coastal erosion. The bill is an early bipartisan step toward reforming how the Army Corps of Engineers manages sediment scooped up while dredging for the shipping sector.
The bill was sponsored by Republicans and explicitly mentions sea level rise in a handful of places, a departure from recent efforts by some Republicans in Congress to downplay threats posed by climate change.
“What they're hearing from their states is, ‘You guys, we have a problem here,'” said Sam Schuchat, executive director of the California State Coastal Conservancy, an agency that helps protect the state's shores. “If we want to complete all the restoration that we want to do in the next 20 or 30 years, we're going to need millions of cubic yards of sediment.”
Seas are rising at a hastening pace because heat-trapping pollution is expanding ocean water and melting ice, which is already causing routine flooding in some cities. Marshes and other natural coastal bulwarks can grow taller as seas rise, protecting against floods, but most of them need sediment-rich waters to do so.
The loss of shoreline-building sediment is coinciding with an increase in the rate at which seas are rising, making it harder for marshes and other coastal ecosystems to stay above water. Climate change is also exacerbating storms, which worsen erosion through powerful waves. The changes are increasing the urgency of America's sediment crisis and starting to bring national attention to what once was an obscure issue.
The final version of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act, or WIIN, didn't go as far as some earlier drafts in reforming how sediment is handled, such as by laying out new rules for how the Army Corps uses its dredging spoils.
Instead, the law directs the agency to run 10 pilot projects across the country in which dredged sediment will be used to restore and protect coastlines instead of being dumped as waste, often at sea. That could lead to new rules and procedures affecting the use of sediment dug up during federal dredging work.
“Having some good pilot projects around the country that will demonstrate how to best use and how best to fund and plan for beneficial use projects will be very helpful,” said Derek Brockbank, executive director of American Shore and Beach Preservation Association, which represents coastal communities.
“Sediment rebuilds and restores our nation's coastlines and needs to be treated as a valuable resource — not a waste product to be disposed of as cheaply as possible,” Brockbank said. “I'm pleased to see the WIIN Act encourage the beneficial use of dredged sediment.”
The Army Corps plans to finalize its list of pilot projects in the spring, at which point it may need to seek funding from Congress or agencies. “We don't have a big pot of money that we can just go dip into for different projects,” said Theodore Brown, chief of planning and policy at the Army Corps.
Officials in the San Francisco Bay Area are already pushing to be included in the list of 10 pilot projects.
“Nobody opposes this,” said Larry Goldzband, executive director of the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission. “Everybody wants beneficial reuse. The question is, how can it get done in a way that fits within budgets?”
San Francisco's Ocean Beach retreated 180 feet last winter, which was twice the annual average, Tuesday's study showed. The beach failed to recover all of that lost ground during the warmer months before the winter erosion season began again.
Further south, the city of Pacifica declared a state of emergency last winter and residents were evacuated from neighborhoods atop crumbling cliffs.
The natural flow of sediment to the Golden Gate has slowed because of dam building upstream and years of drought, fueling a crisis for agencies charged with protecting coastlines. Sediment that reaches the Bay Area is frequently scooped up during ship channeling projects and dumped.
“A depleted beach leaves the communities more vulnerable to storm damages in subsequent winters — as is happening now,” said Barnard, the scientist who led the study. “The sediment deficit is an acute problem for many beaches throughout California.”
Evidence of the sediment shortage can be seen in the decline of marshlands that ring the rivers and bays of the San Francisco Bay Area, where voters last year approved restoration spending to protect roads and buildings from floods caused by rising seas, and across the Gulf Coast.
“This many not have been the largest El Niño event in the last 150 years — but it's in the top three,” Barnard said. “As we have more of these extreme events, the impacts will then be compounded by accelerating sea level rise.”
You May Also Like:
Sea Ice Hits Record Lows at Both Poles
Coastal Cities Could Flood Three Times a Week by 2045
Conservatives Push Carbon Tax to Address Climate Crisis
Four Nigerian men have been arrested on suspicion of human trafficking and possession of fake documents after immigration police raided two Phnom Penh neighborhoods, officials said.
A dozen Nigerians were nabbed in the raids conducted in Pur Senchey and Sen Sok districts, but eight were not involved in trafficking and would not face charges, said Uk Heisela, chief of investigations at the Interior Ministry's immigration department. However, the eight had expired visas and would be deported, he added.
The four arrested men had acted as recruitment agents and persuaded Nigerians to come to Cambodia based on false promises of high-paying jobs, with some alleged victims paying up to $25,000, he said.
“They cheated by promising to give a job when they arrived, [but] they were left alone and had no jobs to do,” he said. The four suspects had admitted to the crimes, he said.
Last month, Koledoye Abayomi Olushola, president of the Nigerians in Diaspora Organization in Cambodia, said Nigerians were being duped into paying vast sums to gain Cambodian visas on promises that they would find high-paying jobs and a “better life,” only to realize they had been given short-term tourist visas upon arrival.
He said that since around October, an influx of Nigerians had been left penniless and stranded after spending all of their savings on the scam.
During the recent raids, police confiscated 42 passports, including seven fakes, he said.
Major General Heisela said more Nigerians were involved, and police were still looking for them.
sony@cambodiadaily.com
© 2017, The Cambodia Daily. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced in print, electronically, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
Bryan Habana, the lightning-fast South Africa wing who won a World Cup on the way to breaking his country's all-time try-scoring record, says he is retiring.
Habana, who played 124 tests for the Springboks and scored a record 67 tries, made the announcement on Tuesday on his Twitter and Instagram accounts.
Habana wrote that he would officially retire at the end of the season but conceded he may not play again after battling for over a year with a knee injury.
He wrote: "I, like most, would have liked my career to have ended differently, but sometimes things don't turn out quite the way we hope for."
Despite not being able to finish the way he wanted, the 34-year-old Habana won just about everything a South African could: The World Cup, a Tri-Nations title and a series against the British and Irish Lions with the Springboks. At domestic level, he collected a Super Rugby title and two Currie Cups in South Africa and the Heineken Cup and France's Top 14 league title with his last club, Toulon. He was a world player of the year in 2007, the year he won the World Cup.
Springtime Tournaments
Spring is the season for rod-bending action, because gamefish leave their winter haunt for the flats and estuaries.
Many fishing tournaments kick off in spring such as King of the Beach, My Warriors Place and several Grand Slam Tournaments. Ana Banana Fishing Company likes to compete in all of them. Following is how we like to fish them in the spring.
King of the Beach: We have placed in this tournament several years, and won first place in 2012. Some years, the kingfish are deep out in the Gulf; or, shallower nearshore or even in the bay. It all depends on weather and bait. Water clarity also plays a big part of where the kings are–we usually find them in the clearest water. We like to slow troll or drift ladyfish and/or Spanish mackerel. For our win in 2012, we were fishing the 90 foot hole off Egmont Key. There was a huge king jumping and busting on some smaller Spanish about 200 yards away from the boat. We quickly turned our boat and trolled two live 18inch ladyfish over the spot where we spotted the king. Sure enough, it exploded on our ladyfish and the rest is history–he was a winner.
My Warriors Place Tournament: This is a species tournament. One of each species of fish can be entered into this tournament–if it swims, it counts; but, they all must be caught on hook and line.
In this tournament we like to have a bunch of different baits. To catch most baitfish we like to use Sabiki rigs and for sheepshead and black drum we like to use black sea crabs. To catch snook, redfish, jacks, grouper, cobia and trout, we like to specifically use greenbacks. For snapper, grunts, flounder, bonnethead sharks and seabass, we like to use shrimp. To catch Spanish mackerel, bluefish, ladyfish and bonita, we like to use gold spoons. For blacktips, bull sharks, hammerheads, lemon sharks, Atlantic sharpnose sharks and nurse sharks we like to use ladyfish chunks. To catch permit and pompano, we like to use Silly Willie jigs. We also catch other bi-product fish such as catfish, needlefish, stingrays, cowfish and mother in law fish. Most species tournaments are won with a dozen different species or more, and are usually an all-release tournament.
Grand Slam Tournaments: Grand Slam tournaments usually consist of snook, redfish and trout. The largest of each fish is measured and the winner of the Grand Slam is the angler with the largest of all three species combined.
To catch the biggest snook in spring we spot a pod of snooks and cast a fresh cut ladyfish head into them. For large redfish, we like to fish on the ledge of were the edge of the flat meets the edge of the deeper water. We target them using a big live pinfish hooked in the back with its tail cut off, and an egg sinker a foot up from the hook. For gator trout, we like to use a large live threadfin under a bobber hooked in the nose. All Grand Slam tournaments and most other tournaments are catch and release photo/ruler tournaments. Most Grand Slam tournaments are won with 70 total inches or more. The best tournament slam I've ever seen was just over 100 inches total.
Whether you're in a tournament or just out on a day of fishing, spring is one of the best times of the year. It's all about understanding the food chain and targeting gamefish with what they want to eat in the right place at the right time.
For a charter with Ana Banana Fishing Company visit www.anabananafishing.com or call Captain Joel Brandenburg at 813-267-4401. For kids fishing camp visit www.anabananakidsfishingcamp.com or friend Joel on Facebook under Joel Brandenburg
FRAMINGHAM, Mass. & WAYNE, Mich.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Ameresco, Inc. (NYSE:AMRC), a leading energy efficiency and renewable energy company, today announced that the landfill gas to renewable natural gas facility at Waste Management's, Woodland Meadows Landfill has achieved EPA approval and is now in operation.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005931/en/
Ameresco designed, built, owns and operates the biogas-to-renewable natural gas (RNG) facility that converts approximately 6,600 SCFM of landfill gas to approximately 3,500 dekatherms of RNG every day. The state-of-the-art facility was commissioned in November 2017.
“The project, one of the largest of its kind in the US, is unique both technically and commercially,” said Michael T. Bakas, Executive Vice President of Ameresco. “We are very proud of the focus and hard work our staff invested to bring this renewable energy project to fruition. Working with Waste Management and GAIN Clean Fuel to develop this facility has been a very rewarding experience. We look forward to a long-term partnership on this flagship project with these two incredible organizations.”
“Waste Management is proud to partner with Ameresco to recover valuable resources and create clean, renewable energy from the landfill,” said John Myers, Director, Operations, Waste Management. “It is gratifying to be involved in using disposed materials and transitioning them into tremendous environmental benefits.”
The renewable natural gas facility operates continuously. Blower stations draw the gas from the raw landfill gas to produce pipeline-quality gas for distribution in the local gas distribution system. Gas is then injected into the natural gas pipeline, where it is eventually utilized in the vehicle fuel market.
GAIN Clean Fuel, in partnership with Ameresco, takes ownership of the RNG upon delivery to the natural gas distribution system and transports it for use within the transportation sector.
“RNG is one of the few alternative fuels that creates air quality improvements during the fuel production process and when used for actual transportation,” said Bryan Nudelbacher, Director of Business Development, GAIN Clean Fuel. “This truly positions companies using renewable natural gas for sustainability success.”
Traditionally, landfill gas is flared onsite, but current technologies allow for the harnessing of this gas and its conversion into a cleaner renewable transportation fuel.
About Waste Management partners with customers and communities to manage and reduce waste from collection to disposal while recovering valuable resources and creating clean, renewable energy. Their Woodland Meadows Recycling and Disposal Facility (RDF) in Wayne, MI is a regional facility that provides safe and convenient disposal services for communities, businesses and industries serving the Detroit Metro and surrounding areas.
About U.S. Gain U.S. Gain, a division of U.S. Venture, Inc., is a leading supplier of renewable (RNG) and compressed (CNG) natural gas—environmentally-friendly and cost-effective alternatives to diesel. GAIN Clean Fuel stations strategically located throughout the United States and Canada feature easy-access for all-natural gas vehicles, 99% site uptime, fast-fill capabilities and premium fuel quality.
About U.S. Venture For more than 65 years, U.S. Venture, Inc. has been recognized as an innovative leader in the distribution of petroleum and renewable energy products, lubricants, and tires and parts for the automotive aftermarket. Guided by its company vision, “To be the very best value-adding distributor of products that vehicles consume in North America,” they deliver unconventional, creative solutions that give their customers a competitive edge. Headquartered in Appleton, Wisconsin, the company's business divisions are U.S. Oil, U.S. AutoForce®, U.S. Lubricants and U.S. Gain.
About Ameresco, Inc. Founded in 2000, Ameresco, Inc. (NYSE:AMRC) is a leading independent provider of comprehensive services, energy efficiency, infrastructure upgrades, asset sustainability and renewable energy solutions for businesses and organizations throughout North America and Europe. Ameresco's sustainability services include upgrades to a facility's energy infrastructure and the development, construction and operation of renewable energy plants. Ameresco has successfully completed energy saving, environmentally responsible projects with Federal, state and local governments, healthcare and educational institutions, housing authorities, and commercial and industrial customers. With its corporate headquarters in Framingham, MA, Ameresco has more than 1,000 employees providing local expertise in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. For more information, visit www.ameresco.com.
The announcement of our entry into a renewable natural gas purchase and sale agreement is not necessarily indicative of the timing or amount of revenue from such contract, of the company's overall revenue for any particular period or of trends in the company's overall total assets in development and operation. This project was reported in assets in development as of December 31, 2017.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005931/en/
CONTACT: Ameresco:
CarolAnn Hibbard, 508-661-2264
news@ameresco.com
or
U.S. Venture, Inc.:
Alison Mayer, 920-915-4389
amayer@usventure.com
or
GAIN Clean Fuel:
Stephanie Lowney, 920-730-7134
slowney@usgain.com
or
Waste Management:
Tanisha A. Sanders, 248-596-3519
tsander4@wm.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA MASSACHUSETTS MICHIGAN
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENERGY ALTERNATIVE ENERGY OIL/GAS UTILITIES ENVIRONMENT
SOURCE: Ameresco, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 11:07 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 11:07 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005931/en
MADISON — The bad news keeps coming for the Wisconsin basketball team.
On the same day guard D'Mitrik Trice was to undergo surgery on his foot that will keep him out indefinitely, Wisconsin announced Monday that freshman guard Kobe King will have season-ending knee surgery.
Advertisement
King injured his left knee during practice on Friday. After not being present during the first half of Saturday's game against Marquette, the La Crosse native sat behind the bench during the second half of that loss.
“I'm disappointed that I'm not able to finish the season with my teammates,” King said in a tweet sent by UW. “But following my surgery, I plan to attack my rehab as aggressively as possible & come back stronger than ever. While I'm out, I look forward to watching our team continue to grow this season”
A prized recruit in the 2017 class, King was averaging 5.2 points and 1.4 rebounds for the Badgers over the first 10 games of the season. King is eligible to apply for a medical hardship waiver after the season. If granted, he would still have four years of eligibility remaining.
“I feel awful for D'Mitrik and Kobe,” coach Greg Gard said in a tweet sent by UW. “Fortunately, there is a silver lining that we were right under the minimum number of games to apply for a (medical hardship).”
The loss of King, combined with the uncertainty around Trice, is a significant hit for a team that was struggling to find its way even with that duo on the floor. As of now, the only true guards Wisconsin has coming off its bench are junior T.J. Sclundt, who played a career-high 13 minutes against Marquette, and true freshman walk-on Walt McGrory, who was expected to redshirt this season.
The Badgers are just 4-7 on the year, a mark that has them at three games under .500 for the first time since 2001. They'll host Western Kentucky on Wednesday.
Related
Comments
comments
There are trillions of dollars at stake; you might have heard us mention that before. At no time was it more clearly evident than RIGHT NOW.
All anxiety is driven by the economics of politics. Oh, they'll point to other excuses; but those who understand the larger elements within multinational corporate and government finance totally understand this is all about money.
Economics is money. Money is Economics.
Every syllable and syntax by every oppositional entity, and the authorities who are directing them, are related to the current economic threat that is President Trump. Those who really understand this dynamic; those who are comprehensively willing to look at the biggest picture, can easily guide their friends and family through the motives of hate.
♦China is resisting the economics off President Trump with North Korea. ♦Russia is trying to resist the economics of Trump with Syria. ♦Mitch McConnell is resisting the economics of President Trump with antipathy and inaction. ♦The Wall Street Journal is resisting the economics of Trump. ♦Paul Ryan is resisting the economics of President Trump with budget delays and fiscal obfuscation. ♦Professional corporate media, all sides, are desperately resisting the economics of Trump. ♦The UniParty is resisting the economics of Trump. ♦The swamp is resisting the economics of PresidentTrump. ♦Adverse international interests are aligned to resist the economics of Trump. ♦CEO's are resigning advisory boards because of the economics of Trump. ♦Statues are being torn down to resist the economics of Trump. ♦Millions of people are being manipulated specifically due to the economics of President Trump….
And remember, the economics of President Trump are YOUR economics.
“America First” is for YOUR future, your families future, America's future.
Not his, yours.
“It must be always be remembered; there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success, nor more dangerous to manage than a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who would profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who gain by the new ones. ”
― Niccolò Machiavelli
It has always been thus.
Advertisements
Kaduna govt. introduces residency card
Those staying in Kaduna beyond 180 days must get the card.
The post Kaduna govt. introduces residency card appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Bayelsa governor to speak at Subsea Oil/Gas Investment Forum
Energy & Corporate Africa, organisers of the Subsea Nations & Africa Oil/Gas Investment Forum has confirmed the Governor of Bayelsa State, Henry Seriake Dickson, as the Special Guest of Honour and Keynote Speaker.
Subsea Nations Africa Oil & Gas Investment Forum is a one day forum for Africa producing nations to interact with industry experts, offshore and deepwater focused groups, scientists, technology and equipment manufacturers, investors, banks and government officials to gain insight and share knowledge on how to develop the region's subsea assets .
The Governor will therefore showcase the investment potential of Bayelsa State at the forum, scheduled for Monday, Houston Texas, U.S., to drive the development of its oil and gas sector and economic transformation agenda through oil/gas initiatives.
Bayelsa is a core oil and gas producing state in Nigeria, OPEC prime producer and number one in Africa. The Governor will highlight strategies to enhance investments under a secured environment in the State.
Expert forecasts for Global Subsea Control Systems Market between 2015 -2019 shows that the market is expected to increase to $6.47 billion by 2019. Gulf of Mexico, Brazil, West Africa, and North Sea, are already dominant markets in the demand of subsea control systems. Africa is projected to become a major global market for subsea engineering and systems.
The forum promotes the gaining of insight into the region's subsea market in terms of opportunities, and provides a platform for knowledge sharing, inter-governmental and community relationship, and enhances resourceful networking. It will also unlock the region's potential and enhance human capital development.
The increasing activities in subsea and offshore production would stimulate high demand in subsea equipment, technology, engineering, maintenance, inspection and subsea control systems.
Other speakers in the forum include Dr. Babatunde Victor Adeniran, Group Executive Director/COO (Ventures),Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, (NNPC); Bayo Ojulari, Managing Director, Shell Nigeria Exploration & Production Company (SNEPCo); Jessica Cohen and Vice President, Construction & Installation, Subsea Engineering Technologies, Houston and Fernando Docters, Head, Oil/Gas, Standard Bank New York.
Industry experts will also bring perspectives on the future of subsea technologies in offshore Africa, and imperatives of growing local market. Speakers will include Rosemary Ifeagwu, General Manager, LEE Engineering & Construction; Geoff Onuoha, CEO, BG Technical; Jose Estanislao; Oil/Gas Executive, Standard Bank, New York; and Rotimi Thomas, Marketing Investment Manager, Gas Power, Siemens Oil/Gas.
This post was syndicated from Breaking News, Nigeria News and World News – The Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) – Alabama's U.S. Senate campaign entered its last day Monday with the candidates making final appeals for votes and a war of robocalls between President Donald Trump and former President Barack Obama. There was a flurry of bogus news as well.
Trump recorded a call touting Republican Roy Moore, accused by several women of sexual misconduct, and saying Republicans needed his vote in the Senate. Obama and former Vice President Joe Biden are supporting Democrat Doug Jones, seeking to break the GOP's lock on statewide office in Alabama.
With polls opening Tuesday, a flurry of bogus news stories has appeared on social media spreading misinformation about the race. One website falsely proclaimed that one of the women who have accused Moore of sexual misconduct had recanted. On the other side, Moore's detractors took to social media to falsely claim that Moore had written in a 2011 textbook that women shouldn't hold elected office.
Around 200 stories flagged as false or misleading relating to the race surfaced on Facebook by the weekend, according to a count by The Associated Press, one of several fact-checking organizations working with Facebook to deter the spread of false content on the platform.
In a morning stop at a diner in Birmingham, Jones accused Moore of disappearing during the campaign's closing days and claimed the Republican wasn't even in Alabama over the weekend.
“We're making sure our message is getting across while Roy Moore hides behind whoever he's hiding behind,” said Jones.
Moore has made only a few public appearances since women came forward to accuse him of sexual misconduct years ago – including one who said he molested her when she was 14. He was in Montgomery for a Christmas party on Sunday evening, but his campaign hasn't responded to questions about his whereabouts the rest of the weekend.
Moore was set to appear Monday night at a rally in rural southeast Alabama with former Trump chief strategist Steve Bannon, making his third trip to the state to support Moore.
Alabama Democrats see the special Senate election as a chance to renounce a history littered with politicians whose race-baiting, bombast and other baggage have long soiled the state's reputation beyond its borders.
Many Republicans see the vote as chance to ratify their conservative values and protect Trump's agenda ahead of the 2018 midterm elections.
Moore, a former judge twice removed as state chief justice for violating judicial ethics, has spent two decades advocating conservative Christian positions. Jones is a former federal prosecutor best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen responsible for killing four black girls in a 1963 church bombing.
The winner will take the seat held previously by Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions. Republicans control the Senate with 52 seats.
The matchup mixes both Alabama's tortured history and the nation's current divisive, bitterly partisan politics, and it has made a spectacle of a Deep South state well acquainted with national scrutiny but not accustomed to competitive general elections.
“This is an election to tell the whole world what we stand for,” Jones told supporters at one stop Sunday, adding that his campaign “is on the right side of history.” At an earlier appearance, he declared Alabama is “at a crossroads” and that Moore, an unapologetic evangelical populist, tries only to “create conflict and division.”
Jones, 63, stops short of explicitly comparing Moore to the four-term Gov. George Wallace, whose populism was rooted in segregation. But Jones alluded Sunday to that era of Alabama politics.
“Elect a responsible man to a responsible office,” Jones said, repeating the campaign slogan of another Alabama governor, Albert Brewer, who nearly defeated Wallace in 1970 in a contest Alabama liberals and many moderates still lament as a lost opportunity.
Some of Jones' supporters put it even more bluntly. “I thought Alabama's image was pretty much at the bottom,” said Pat Lawrence, a retired software engineer in Huntsville. A Moore win, Lawrence added, “will be a whole new bottom.”
Those concerns extend even to some GOP quarters. Alabama's senior senator, Richard Shelby, confirmed Sunday that he did not vote for Moore, saying he wrote in another “distinguished” party figure he declined to name.
Yet for many Republicans, Moore is a paragon of traditional values. They reject accusations that he molested two teenage girls and pursued relationships with others decades ago. Moore denies the charges.
“Everyone has to vote their convictions,” said Kevin Mims of Montgomery, as he held his Bible outside his Baptist church Sunday in Montgomery. “My conviction is he's the right man for the job.”
Where Moore's critics see a state judge who defied federal courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court's decision legalizing same-sex marriage, Mims sees a stalwart who stands “on the word of God.” Other conservatives see an anti-establishment firebrand in the mold of Trump, who won Alabama by 28 percentage points.
__
Barrow reported from Mobile, Alabama; Chandler reported from Huntsville Alabama. Follow Barrow on Twitter at https://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP and Chandler at https://twitter.com/StatehouseKim. AP writer Jay Reeves contributed to this report from Birmingham. Follow Reeves on Twitter at https://twitter.com/Jay_Reeves.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
By Jason Keidel
When the season narrowed to a playoff pitch, a few topics seemed to dominate the NBA airwaves. We had the whole rest issue, which became rather restless chatter. Do players really need to take so many games off, and for nationally televised games? Who wins the MVP tug-o-war between the electric James Harden and triple-double machine Russell Westbrook?
And the topic du jour as we finally enter the NBA playoffs is the pseudo-tanking, it's not capsizing, of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Some have even breached the blasphemous, by asserting that the Cavs could actually fall short of the NBA Finals.
Adding to the mushrooming sense of doubt, the Cavs squeaked by the Indiana Pacers, 109-108, in the first game of their playoff series.
Theories abound. The players don't really like each other, a fake band of brothers. Kyrie Irving isn't playing with the same passion or production as he did during his scalding ascent to the NBA championship last year. Kevin Love never really fit, the ultimate outsider in the huddle. Tyronn Lue is more friend than formidable presence as coach, and last year's magic was more the result of a big bro hug than hardwood stratagem.
And, of course, we have LeBron, who is playing to the point of passing out, exhausted and enervated and emaciated by the biblical minutes he's played. Six straight years going to the NBA Finals. The millions of miles on airplanes, plowing through airports, the hotels. The preseason games. The Olympics. LeBron's entire calendar has been booked for the last dozen years. His season starting at the Summer Olympics and ending the following summer in the Finals. Eventually, LeBron just won't be able to carry the load on his epic shoulders. Eventually.
>>MORE: Commentary from CBS Local Sports Voices
But do you really want to bet against LeBron James, who has his mail forwarded to the NBA Finals? He's reached the last round in six straight seasons?
Not to be a Pollyanna, but there is some cause for concern. On January 1, Cleveland's record was a robust 25-7, for a .781 winning percentage. Since New Year's Day, the Cavs are 26-24, winning just 52 percent of their games. Or if you prefer to slice the season exactly in half, consider that on Jan 20 Cleveland was still a well-oiled 30-11, for a .732 winning percentage. Since then they went 21-20, for a .512 mark. Whatever was working in Cleveland since January of last year, stopped working by the end of January of this year.
It's a series of clashing stats. Do you believe their .500 record since January, or LeBron's incessant trips to the NBA Finals? Do you believe this year, when Cleveland has ranked a woeful 22nd in defense, or the fact that LeBron has won 18 straight first-round playoff games? From the All-Star Game until the end of March, the Cavaliers were 29th in defensive rating, allowing 112.6 points per 100 possessions. And in March alone they got even worse, allowing 113.7 points.
Then we have LeBron's rather incongruous history. King James has entered the postseason as the No. 2 seed five times in his career and reached the NBA Finals every time. So clearly he need not be the chalk to walk into June. And should LBJ make one more trip to the championship round, he would be the first to get there seven times in a row since… Bill Russell.
And if we're worried about the roster, consider that they're atypically healthy right now. And that King James has willed far worse teams into the championship round. Consider his maiden trip to the last round, the Shannon Brown (who?) juggernaut of 2007. LeBron was flanked by Daniel Gibson, Drew Gooden and Donyell Marshall. And he still won three playoff series, before getting spanked by the Spurs, back when Tim Duncan and was still in his prime, as were his merry band of ballers, Tony Parker and Manu Ginobili.
It's always perilous to take a pre-playoff snooze, in any sport. In the NFL, there are countless accounts of teams that dash out to great seasons then take the last few weeks off. Peyton Manning and his Colts did that a few times, once even starting 13-0 then not even reaching the Super Bowl.
But in the NBA, one player has a far stronger grip on the team and its overall performance. Russell Westbrook is a walking highlight reel, and his Oscar Robertson redux has made for splendid viewing and a fine, singular aesthetic. But he doesn't have LeBron's chops or the King's uncanny unselfishness, which makes everyone on his team better.
If King James is to lose a few jewels or his entire crown, it won't be until June, when he likely faces the team he vanquished last year. The Warriors are coming out to play. And the rest of the world can just watch.
Jason writes a weekly column for CBS Local Sports. He is a native New Yorker, sans the elitist sensibilities, and believes there's a world west of the Hudson River. A Yankees devotee and Steelers groupie, he has been scouring the forest of fertile NYC sports sections since the 1970s. He has written over 500 columns for WFAN/CBS NY, and also worked as a freelance writer for Sports Illustrated and Newsday subsidiary amNew York. He made his bones as a boxing writer, occasionally covering fights in Las Vegas, Atlantic City, but mostly inside Madison Square Garden. Follow him on Twitter @JasonKeidel.
Rock Springs Camp Meeting continues to bring family, friends together
MICHELLE T. BERNARD
Staff Writer
Another year has gone down in the record books of the Rock Springs Camp Meeting. Although Terry Brotherton insists that he's not keeping track of the happenings each year, after the work he put into his two volume series on the campground, entitled “Rock Spring Campground,” it's hard to believe that he's not still keeping track of the events that unfold every year. The books were both a labor of love and a desire to preserve the history of a place this is incredibly unique and enduring.
“My goal wasn't to create something to sell for profit,” he said. “In fact I was successful with the books and I donated $5,000 to the campground, which they used for putting the wrought-iron fence and arch at the spring entrance.”
Brotherton said that he can attribute a lot of the early materials gathered to compile the books to his mother, who saved every news clipping that was published about the campground. There were many others that contributed to his project as well, such as Quida Sigmon and Harvey Jonas.
“I didn't do a lot of research on the books, it was mainly things that I had accumulated,” Brotherton said. “I don't take credit for writing a book, I compiled information from other sources to preserve something that I knew would be lost over the years.”
Brotherton's two books covered Rock Springs Campground from its inception in 1830 through 2002. He said he isn't working on a supplement from 2002 forward but said that a lot has happened that would be interesting.
Like so many who attend camp meeting every year, Brotherton has been coming to the campground every August since he was an infant. His tent, 107, is set up as a Rock Springs Camp Meeting museum, with hundreds of pictures of the camp meeting, which he collected while he was compiling the books, covering the walls. Most days during camp meeting he leaves his door open for people to come in and look at the pictures. Frequently, he'll return to his tent to find more pictures that people left for him.
There's something about Rock Springs Campground that calls people back year after year. Many say it's the worship but it's also the friendship, the food served at the Shack, the music and the memories made during camp meeting. Brotherton said it's like a big family reunion.
Jerry Sherrill and his wife, Fran, make the annual trip to Denver from Raleigh and stay at the campground for the entire two weeks. Their tent was passed down through the Sherrill family.
“It's something that I look forward to one year to the next,” Jerry Sherrill said. “My vacation is always made when I go home from camp meeting for the next year, so it's always on record.”
Genera Langford remembers that her grandmother would can all year long in preparation for camp meeting. She'd not only can vegetables but meat, as well. Although the tents now have access to enough electricity to run refrigerators, that wasn't always the case. At one time, it was illegal to sell anything within a half mile of the campground, according to Brotherton, so whatever food the attendees wanted to eat they'd need to bring with them.
“It's my family heritage,” Langford said. “I've worshipped in the arbor with six generations of my family. There's nothing else that I've ever seen like that. It's a special place and you know that'll you be here year after year.”
In the early days, it took a great deal of commitment to go to camp meeting. Arthur Abernathy's grandparents travelled to camp meeting from China Grove in a horse and buggy. It would take them a week to get there.
“They brought their cow, their chickens and everything that they needed for the two weeks they were here and the two weeks it took them to travel back and forth,” he said. “I'm sure their parents and grandparents did the same. This is my happy place. I keep up with everyone through Facebook during the year.”
Perhaps with the continuing evolution of Rock Springs, the internet and Facebook will become the new means of keeping up with the happenings at camp meeting. Every year, as Rock Springs Camp Meeting ends, Balls Creek Camp Meeting in Catawba begins. Tucker's Grove Camp Meeting in Iron Station will begin on Friday.
“People sometimes ask me if camp meeting will survive and I say ‘look out at the pass way at all those children,'” Brotherton said. “Once they're there they grow up and they'll bring their children. That's the way it survives. I'd like to come back in 100 years and see what's there. I think future generations that are trustees will continue their efforts to improve the grounds.”
Image courtesy of Michelle T. Bernard
MOSCOW (AP) — FIFA has picked European and South American referees to handle the World Cup quarterfinals that feature only teams from their regions.
The Uruguay vs. France game will be refereed by Nestor Pitana of Argentina on Friday in Nizhny Novgorod. It will be his fourth assignment, including the opening game.
Also Friday, the Brazil vs. Belgium game in Kazan will be handled by Milorad Mazic of Serbia. He handled the Champions League final in May.
FIFA says Brazilian referee Sandro Ricci will work Russia vs. Croatia on Saturday in Sochi. He handled Croatia's first group-stage game against Nigeria.
The Sweden vs. England quarterfinal in Samara on Saturday will be the fourth game refereed by Bjorn Kuipers of the Netherlands.
Opinion: Save LAUTECH! | Frustrated student cries out for help
by Busari Azeezat It had only started as a case of nonpayment of allowances. The school that was held in…
Read » Opinion: Save LAUTECH! | Frustrated student cries out for help on YNaija
This post was syndicated from YNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Tropical Storm Nate is nearing hurricane strength and is anticipated to enter the Gulf of Mexico later tonight. –National Hurricane Center Here–
A Hurricane Warning is now in effect for metropolitan New Orleans and Lake Pontchartrain.
A Storm Surge Warning is now in effect east of the Alabama/Florida border to the Okaloosa/Walton County Line.
A Tropical Storm Warning is now in effect east of the Alabama/Florida border to the Okaloosa/Walton County Line.
Everyone in the narrow cone of probability (LA, MS, AL and FL) should begin immediately activating their hurricane plan. Tonight through mid-day (4pm) tomorrow is the open window for taking action and preparing yourselves. Those further inland should also prepare for heavy rain, potential flooding and the probability of power outages.
At 400 PM CDT (2100 UTC), the center of Tropical Storm Nate was located near latitude 20.3 North, longitude 85.7 West. Nate is moving toward the north-northwest near 21 mph (33 km/h) and this motion is expected to continue through Saturday, with a turn toward the north and northeast expected Saturday night and Sunday. On the forecast track, the center of Nate will move near or over the northeastern coast of the Yucatan peninsula this evening. Nate will then move into the southern Gulf of Mexico tonight, approach thenorthern Gulf coast Saturday, and then move make landfall over the northern Gulf coast Saturday night or Sunday. (link)
The challenge with Nate is the distance it is anticipated to travel between Saturday Morning and Sunday Morning. It is forecast to move VERY quickly, and could catch coastal residents off guard with urgent preparations needed on Saturday.
1. Review your LED flashlights and lanterns to make sure they are working. Have at least one flashlight for every person in your family, and ideally have a lantern or two for general lighting.
2. Take photos today or tomorrow of every room, every piece of electronics, and everything valuable. Upload the pictures to the cloud – Dropbox, Microsoft Cloud, iCloud, Google Drive, etc. – before the storm. Or email the pictures to yourself.
3. Also take photos of key documents and upload them as well.
4. Save your contacts in your phone to the cloud, or write them down. If you don't know how to do that, frame grab your screen or have someone take photos of your contacts with their phone and email or text the pictures back to you to a friend. Don't take a chance on losing your contacts if something happens to your phone.
5. Secure your photographs and albums in double plastic bags.
6. Plastic bags and duct tape are your friends. You can't buy to many of them. Put documents in gallons-size (or larger) Ziploc bags. Put larger items in double large trash bags cocooned so the opening of the first bag is in the bottom of the second bag. Put some clothes in plastic bags in case you get a roof leak. Duct tape bags closed. Put valuables on a high shelf in a closet.
7. Think now about where you are going to park your car. A parking garage is ideal. Outside in a low-lying area or under a tree is the worst. Think about all of the cars you've seen ruined in storms because people made bad choices about where they parked the car before the storm. When you know the storm track, you'll have a better idea which side of a building will give the best protection. Next to a building on the downwind side gives you the best chance if you have to leave your car outside.
8. Do your laundry and wash your dishes before the storm.
9. You dishwasher is an excellent “safe” in your house if you need someplace to put valuables. Your washer and dryer can offer good protection as well. These could be good places to put your bagged-up photos, for example.
10. Fill Ziploc bags ¾ full of water and stuff them in your freezer to fill up the space. The less air you have in the freezer, the longer your refrigerator will stay cold. Do NOT turn your refrigerator to any lower setting than normal – that can damage the unit.
11. Choose a friend or relative out of town to be the contact point for your family or group of friends. After a storm, it is always easier to get a single call out of the area than attempt multiple calls within the storm zone. Be sure everybody has the out-of-town number and make a plan to check in ASAP after the storm.
12. If you live in a high rise, be sure you know what the procedures are going to be in the building. Will the building be evacuated? Will the water continue to work? Will elevators work? What is on a generator? If you can stay in the building (if it's away from the water) find an interior hallway on a low floor where you can set up camp during the storm. It will not be safe to be on a high floor or near windows, even with modern hurricane impact windows. A hallway surrounded by concrete is your best bet.
13. Think about what you will sit on if you are in a hallway or other safe spot for a number of hours – maybe 12 hours or more. Consider comfortable folding chairs. Take food to your safe spot. Have books or other non-electronic amusements, including for the kids.
14. Do NOT count on your cellphone for communications. When Harvey, Irma and Maria hit Texas, Florida and Puerto Rico they knocked out the mobile phone systems. In addition, your battery may run down and you may have no ability to charge it. In any case, it's essential you have a portable AM/FM radio that you can leave on so the entire family can hear what's going on with the storm.
15. Most importantly, be sure you know a safe place where you and your family can ride out the storm, if it comes. This is the most critical decision you can make today. There almost certainly will be evacuations ordered for parts of the gulf coast. If you live near the water, put together the food, clothes, valuable items, and important papers you'll take with you NOW. If voluntary evacuations are called – leave as early as possible. There will be a crush on the road and you may not find a hotel.
A hurricane is most likely to have some effect on a significant part of the region, and damaging impact on the lives of many people. Therefore, we are confronted with an undisputable fact:
What you do before the storm, today and tomorrow, has everything to do with how you and your family will fare after the storm passes.
Today and tomorrow, you are in control. Take action calmly but resolutely. Don't set yourself up to be a victim; but also don't allow yourself to be fraught with anxiety.
You have the plan, now – work the plan!
Remember, anyone in need of help – reach out in the comments section or send us an email. We will work earnestly to assist!
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Renaissance Capital reports strong FY 2017 results – The Nation Newspaper
Renaissance Capital reports strong FY 2017 results
The Nation Newspaper
Renaissance Capital yesterday announced its International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) financial results for the full year ending 31 December 2017. During the period, net profit from the core business increased by 43 per cent year-on-year (YoY …
Renaissance Capital records 43% profit growth New Telegraph Newspaper
all 2 news articles »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
The document, a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court ruling, was wrested from the government thanks to an ACLU FOIA request. But it's so heavily redacted that we cannot identify the tech company who stood up to the NSA.
Specifically, the mysterious company didn't comply with an NSA order under Section 702. That's the legal structure supporting the PRISM domestic spying program, which forces companies to give the NSA access to Americans' international communications.
The company refused because cooperating to grant said access would implicate its First and Fourth Amendment rights. In short, it took the NSA to Constitutional school over the legality of Section 702 itself (to be precise, the company took issue with an "expansion" of Section 702 surveillance, the details of which were redacted), since opening up its users' international communications would eventually and inevitably expose those of domestic citizens. Ergo, if the NSA wanted access, it needed to get a warrant, the company stated.
Ultimately, the court rejected the tech company's claim and ordered it to comply with the NSA request. Judge Rosemary Collyer, who presided over the case, said "the mere fact that there is some potential for error is not a sufficient reason to invalidate the surveillance" -- in other words, prove misconduct or sit down. The document, only now made available to the public, is from 2014, so whatever surveillance may have happened as a result might already have happened.
Section 702 is set to expire at the end of this year, and debate rages on about whether Congress should renew it. The NSA already claimed back in April that it would stop even incidentally collecting domestic American emails in its sweeps, which its analysts were still accidentally doing in 2016. Regardless, this case is a sadly rare illuminating window into an intentionally shadowy world: Back in 2016, for example, the FBI reassured the public that it would be reforming how it accessed data collected by the NSA...but didn't say how, because that's classified.
This lack of progress is an “illustration of the partial failure of the energy transition,” said Artur Lenkowski, an energy analyst at IHS Markit, a research firm. “The whole point of the energy transition was to lower greenhouse gas emissions.”
Now, Energiewende is at a crossroads. Chancellor Angela Merkel may have won a fourth term as Germany's leader after elections last month, but her party lost sway. She must form a coalition with the left-leaning Greens and the pro-business Free Liberals, parties that have diametrically opposing views, including on environmental policies.
How such a diverse group comes together will affect whether Germany reaches its goal for carbon emissions. It wants a cut of 40 percent, compared to 1990 levels, by 2020, and of 95 percent by 2050.
The clean energy movement has deep roots in Germany.
Alternative sources of electric power are flourishing in the Allgäu, a region of rolling pastures, pine forests and domed churches that is home to Ms. Zinnecker's family-owned farm.
Photo
In Wildpoldsried, a village of 2,600 a short drive from the farm, around €40 million has been invested over the years — much of it by residents — into an array of renewable power sources and improvements in energy efficiency. The brightly painted, wood-trimmed houses are heated cheaply by generators fueled by methane gas from cow manure, and wind turbines nearly 500 feet tall provide electricity from the hillsides.
Günter Mögele, Wildpoldsried's deputy mayor and energy coordinator, said that the village's decision in the late 1990s to focus on renewable energy had paid off.
Overall, the village generates about seven times as much energy as it consumes, and the surplus is sold to the grid. The income from solar panels on public buildings is fed back into the public purse. It is often doled out to subsidize residents' shifts to green power, and to reduce fees for the local music club and sports facility.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But renewable energy subsidies are financed through electric bills, meaning that Energiewende is a big part of the reason prices for consumers have doubled since 2000.
These big increases “are absolutely not O.K.,” said Thomas Engelke, team leader for construction and energy at the Federation of German Consumer Organizations, an umbrella organization of consumer groups.
The higher prices have had political consequences.
The far-right party Alternative for Germany, which won enough support in the recent elections to enter Parliament, has called for an “immediate exit” from Energiewende. The party, known by its German initials AfD, sees the program as a “burden” on German households, and many supporters have come into its fold in part because of the program's mounting costs.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Julian Hermneuwöhner is one such voter. Mr. Hermneuwöhner, a 27-year-old computer science student, said his family paid an additional €800 a year because of Energiewende.
“But it hasn't brought lower CO 2 emissions,” he said. “It's frustrating that we're paying so much more, because the country hasn't gotten anything for it.”
As a clean energy pioneer, Germany has not always seen the results it desired from its heavy spending.
Photo
For instance, the country has focused on cleaning up electric power generation, with some success. About one-third of German electricity now comes from renewable sources, a fivefold increase since 2000. In the United States, that figure was about 15 percent last year. Britain generates about a quarter of its power from renewables, and France about 19 percent.
But that progress has been undone somewhat by the government's decision to accelerate its phase out of nuclear power after the 2011 disaster in Fukushima, Japan. That has made the country more reliant on its sizable fleet of coal-fired power stations, which account for the bulk of emissions from electricity generation.
The country has yet to address the transport industry, where emissions have increased as the economy boomed and more cars and trucks hit the road. Unlike Britain and France, Germany has not set a date to end the sale of diesel and gasoline cars.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Recent political experience does not bode well for Germany. The so-called grand coalition between Ms. Merkel's Christian Democrats and the Social Democrats, which governed from 2013 until the recent elections, was bogged down with so many competing interests that it was unable to push ahead on energy policy.
Advocates of Energiewende charge that Germany is in danger of falling behind rivals like China and the United States in the potentially vast, and fast-growing, business of developing and exporting clean-energy technologies. And without new direction, they say, the country will most likely fail to meet its carbon emissions targets.
How the government comes to terms with these problems will be crucial for the sector and for consumers.
Germany has already moved to bring subsidies under control. In particular, it has driven down costs by introducing an auction system for new renewables projects — though it is still on the hook for subsidy payments for the 20-year life of existing projects.
A bigger issue may be that Germany has already taken some of the easier steps in its energy transition by making industry more energy efficient and building up renewables.
Further progress will require taking on tougher targets. That would mean challenging the politically powerful auto and coal industries, including unions and companies, that have opposed plant shutdowns.
“Some of the low-hanging fruit might be gone now,” said Tim Boersma, a senior research scholar at the Center on Global Energy Policy at Columbia University. “It is becoming clear how challenging making this overall transition is.”
Business Travelers Nixing Taxis in Favor of Uber and Lyft
Uber and Lyft, the two leading ride-hailing companies, are becoming even more popular among business travelers while taxis andrentals are falling further behind.
But don't count out the taxi industry just yet.
Business travelers used taxis and car rentals less in the three months ended June 30, with each category losing two percentage points compared with the previous quarter, according to a report from Certify, the nation's largest online expense report management company. Uber and Lyft picked up that business, with usage rising two percentage points for each.
Certify analyzed more than 10 million receipts and expense reports that were filed using its cloud-based system to determine what types of ground transportation business travelers pick.
The latest Certify report shows that taxi use, for the first time, dropped to single digits (8%) of ground transportation expense reports.
Car rental expense reports dropped to 29% of the total number of ground transportation reports in the second quarter from 31% in the first quarter. Uber showed up in 55% of second-quarter expenses and Lyft in 8%, the Certify report said.
The reason for the growing popularity of Uber and Lyft may be simple economics. The average expense receipt for Uber was $24.49 and $21.28 for Lyft. The average taxi cab expense was $31.06, according to the report.
But the taxi industry is working on a comeback in Los Angeles.
The Los Angeles Taxi Commission, which oversees taxi rules in the city, replaced its taxi driver written test earlier this year with a classroom training course. The change has reversed a decline in taxi drivers in the city, said Eric Spiegelman, president of the commission.
"We are now finally adding new drivers to the rolls," he said. "That means several millions of dollars a year" in fees to the city.
The bad news, Spiegelman said, is that taxi companies are still unwilling to cut their rates to better compete with Uber and Lyft.
© 2017 Los Angeles Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
A 72-year-old man who shot dead a burglar in self-defence has been jailed for 10 months.
Reuben Gregory, who fired the double-barrelled shotgun trying protect himself and his sister, was sentenced at Reading Crown Court on Monday.
He pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing to one count of possessing a shotgun without a certificate, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said.
He was arrested after an attempted burglary on June 12 at the caravan he shared with his sister Kathleen Gregory in Colnbrook, Slough, a short distance from Heathrow Airport.
They desperately tried to fight the intruders off, Ms Gregory arming herself with a knife, before Gregory fired the shotgun through a hole in the door, the court heard.
Wayne Digby, 48, was hit in the chest and died at the scene, while his alleged accomplice Anthony Hearn was also injured.
Police allegedly found a wooden mallet, cable ties, a bottle of bleach, a funnel and bolt crimpers in a bag lying near Mr Digby's body.
Officers discovered a plastic bottle full of an accelerant and a tennis ball full of flammable liquid and stuffed with a rag inside the caravan, the court was told.
They also recovered a machete with Hearn's DNA on it when they searched a nearby street, it is said.
Gregory went to get help after the shooting and dialled 999 from a mobile phone borrowed from a neighbour, telling police that "a gang" had tried to break in.
He later told officers: "Yes I'm the one who's done it mate, I've been attacked at the caravan."
Armed police were sent to the scene and found Mr Digby's body around 100 metres from the caravan.
Gregory told officers that he bought the shotgun in the 1980s for self-defence after his family was targeted in a previous break-in.
James Cable for the CPS said: "Following a review of the material generated as a result of the police investigation, Mr Gregory's assertion that he was acting in self-defence could not be disproved and that he did nothing more than was necessary to protect himself and his sister from intruders.
"Therefore, the evidential test set out in the Code for Crown Prosecutors was not met, meaning there was not a realistic prospect of conviction for murder or manslaughter.
"Accordingly no further action was taken against Gregory in respect of these offences.
"Gregory was not in legal possession of the shotgun he used, however, which is a very serious matter in itself and was the basis of this prosecution."
In September, Hearn pleaded guilty to the charge of conspiracy to commit aggravated burglary and was sentenced to 10 years in prison at Reading Crown Court.
Authorities in Florida say someone splashed red paint around a Confederate memorial park.
Hillsborough County sheriff's officials said in a news release that a passer-by called 911 after seeing that paint had been tossed on and around the memorial's columns and derogatory comments were scrawled in paint. The site is on private property near Tampa on Florida's west coast.
Other Confederate memorials in the area been targeted as well.
Hillsborough County commissioners voted on July 19 to remove a different monument in the county, this one in downtown Tampa and on county property, after several heated meetings filled with public discussion.
On Wednesday, the commission is scheduled to discuss the monument again with an update on the relocation.
MAE SAI, Thailand — Their skinny faces illuminated by a flashlight, the Thai soccer teammates stranded more than a week in a partly flooded cave said they were healthy on a video released Wednesday, as heavy rains forecast for later this week could complicate plans to safely extract them.
The 12 boys and their coach are seen sitting with Thai navy SEALs in the dark cave. The boys, many wrapped in foil warming blankets, take turns introducing themselves, folding their hands together in a traditional greeting and saying their names and that they are healthy.
The video lasting about a minute was recorded sometime Tuesday and was posted on the navy SEAL Facebook page Wednesday morning. The navy later released two more videos of the boys.
The boys, aged 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach disappeared after they went exploring in the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province after a soccer game June 23. The teammates, who were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave, were found by rescue divers late Monday night during a desperate search that drew assistance from experts around the globe.
Authorities said the boys, who had also been shown Tuesday in a video shot by the British diver who discovered them, were being looked after by seven members of the Thai navy SEALs, including medics, who were staying with them inside the cave. They were mostly in stable condition and have received high-protein drinks.
In all of the videos the boys have appeared in good spirits. In the most recent videos a navy SEAL is shown treating minor cuts on the feet and legs of the boys with antibiotic ointment. Several of the boys are seen smiling as they interact with the navy SEAL, who cracks jokes.
Seeing the boys has boosted the mood of relatives, and officials are working to install an internet cable to the cave so that parents can talk to their children.
Kian Kamluang, whose 16-year-old son Pornchai is inside, said she had thought it was a 50 per cent chance that her son would be found.
"It's like he has been given a new life," she said, adding that she'll never let her son go into a cave or near water again.
SEAL commander Rear Adm. Arpakorn Yookongkaew said Tuesday that there was no rush to bring the group out of the cave, since they're safe where they are. The current flooding situation means the boys would have to dive, which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous.
LOS ANGELES – The Lakers finally learned how to avoid third-quarter collapses. They have not learned from how to prevent them in the fourth quarter, though.
In a week the Lakers had lamented losses that traced to inconsistency, they opened the new year failing to fulfill their resolution to reverse that trend. The Lakers suffered a 123-114 loss to the Toronto Raptors on Sunday at Staples Center, providing their 15th defeat in the past 17 games by saving their worst for last. The Raptors (23-10) also swept their two-game season series against the Lakers for the second consecutive year.
After ending the third quarter trailing only 85-83, it did not take long for the Lakers (12-25) to ring in 2017 with another clunker. The Raptors spent the first half of the fourth quarter outscoring the Lakers, 19-5. During that stretch, the Lakers missed 10 of 13 shots.
“They hit some tough shots and picked up their defensive intensity,” Lakers coach Luke Walton said. “It got us out of our flow a little bit. But that's a team that is as good as it gets.”
Nonetheless, Walton said he “thought our guys played really well for most of that game.”
The Lakers went on a 18-9 run to close out the game. Lakers guard D'Angelo Russell scored 14 of his team-high 28 points in the fourth quarter. He also shot 9 of 18 from the field and 6 of 12 from 3-point range, while posting five assists and four rebounds. But the Lakers could not complete the job because of their poor fourth-quarter start.
“That's all it takes in this league when you're an up-and-coming team; a couple of bad segments here or there to take the chances away from the game,” Walton said. “But for the most part, I thought our effort level was great. We were trying and communicating.”
Lakers guard Nick Young scored 26 points on 8-of-14 shooting and 7-of-9 from 3-point range. Young has gone 36 of 64 from behind the 3-point line in the last eight games, which Elias Sports Bureau said marks the most 3-pointers made in the Lakers' franchise history over such a stretch. Young also took two charges.
“What I'm really proud about with Nick,” Walton said, “is a lot of shots, he's letting them come from the flow in the game.”
Walton will likely want more from Julius Randle after shooting only 3 of 10 from the field. But Randle still logged a near triple-double with 15 points (9 of 10 from the foul line), nine rebounds and six assists.
The Lakers may have become frustrated with Toronto guard Kyle Lowry (41 points) and former USC standout DeMar DeRozan (31 points). Lakers center Timofey Mozgov also earned a flagrant 1 foul in the first half after fouling DeRozan, who soon charged toward him before officials intervened. Yet the Lakers locked in elsewhere.
The Lakers defeated the Raptors in rebounding (43-40). Reserve forwards Thomas Robinson (12 points, nine rebounds) and Tarik Black (nine points, nine rebounds) provided instant energy while reserve forward Larry Nance Jr. remains sidelined with a bone bruise in his left knee. Black played through a right ankle that became bothersome at halftime.
“It was good. We talked about it as a staff to find a way to find a better defensive lineup,” Walton said of the Robinson-Black pairing. “We thought we'd give it a shot to see if it would impact us a little bit. They were great.”
Still, the Lakers have not figured out how to establish consistency, a trend they hope they can stop sometime in 2017.
Contact the writer: mmedina@scng.com
NORMAN, Okla. — Oklahoma's quarterback situation is not as settled as it seemed.
The Sooners are seeking a replacement for Heisman winner Baker Mayfield, and Kyler Murray and Austin Kendall are the top candidates for the job. Murray was the backup last season while Kendall redshirted. Based on Murray's outstanding work last season, it seemed he was the clear front-runner. Oklahoma coach Lincoln Riley said that's not the case.
"Austin has started to settle in this last half of spring," Riley said after the spring game. "He's played really well. He did a lot of nice things today. It's neck-and-neck right now without a doubt."
Much of the buildup during the spring had involved the quarterbacks, but neither was sharp during the spring game because of the wind. Murray completed just 11 of 21 passes for 85 yards and a touchdown and rushed nine times for 35 yards. Kendall completed 11 of 18 passes for 134 yards and a score.
Riley said the summer work both put in will be critical.
"We're going to have a ton of great film to go back through spring and evaluate what we've done well, what we need to do better," he said. "I think they're continuing to learn about our personnel. We'll continue to narrow down the personnel for them, which makes it easier. So, yeah. It's a process. We're just kind of in the middle of it right now."
REPLACING ANDREWS
Sophomore Grant Calcaterra will replace Mackey Award winner Mark Andrews at tight end. Calcaterra led the way with 59 yards and a touchdown receiving in the Spring Game.
"I'll just kind of step in and do exactly what he did," Calcaterra said. "I don't think they're going to change anything with the offence. I think I'll kind of step into that tight end role and continue to try and do what he did here and leave my mark as well."
OFFENSIVE LINE
MCDOUGALL - A 25-year-old woman has been charged with stunt driving after police said they observed her vehicle travelling more than 50 kilometres per hour over the speed limit on Highway 400 last weekend.
On Sunday, May 27, West Parry Sound OPP said they were monitoring traffic on Highway 400 in McDougall Township, when shortly before 11 a.m., a southbound vehicle was observed travelling at a high rate of speed. The vehicle was stopped by police for stunt driving - excessive speed, greater than 50 kilometres per hour over posted speed limit.
The driver, Alexis Krawchyk, a 25-year-old female from Cambridge, was charged with race a motor vehicle - excessive speed.
Krawchyk was served a summons and is scheduled to attend the Ontario Court of Justice in Parry Sound on May 26. Her licence has been suspended for seven days and the vehicle she was operating has been impounded for seven days.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — It cleans and sanitizes, but could an ingredient in bleach also be the key to curing disease?
Hundreds of people have been persuaded to think so and are now consuming it for a variety of health problems from hepatitis to cancer.
“These benefits, they are so overwhelming,” one man said.
“I am grateful that I found this product,” a woman added.
They're singing the praises of chlorine dioxide, it's the active ingredient in some types of bleach, and it's also found in a product called Miracle Mineral Solution or MMS.
“This works really, really freaking well,” a man said.
They're not using it to clean their kitchens. They're drinking it.
“I feel about 20 to 30 percent better than when I first started taking it,” a woman said.
Chlorine dioxide or bleach is a disinfectant. It's very effective at killing bacteria and viruses, most often on hard surfaces.
The maker of MMS said when consumed it can do the same in the body, going so far as to suggest that it can sure the incurable.
“I've got to get rid of the cancer, and so far the only way I know how to do this is with MMS,” a man said.
Despite the anecdotal testimonials, the company provides no scientific evidence that MMS is safe or effective, only that there may be some side effects.
“The nausea, diarrhea, and headaches were absolutely awful in the beginning,” one woman said.
The company said that means it's working.
But internist Dr. Venis Wilder said there have been so many complaints about MMS that the FDA issued a warning about the product.
“I've never used or prescribed bleach,” Dr. Wilder said, “It can cause injury to the GI system, to your stomach and intestines.”
In 2015, the Department of Justice sentenced Louis Daniel Smith — the seller of MMS — to 51 months in prison for peddling what they called a ‘toxic product' as a miracle cure.
Still, the product sells online with many people swearing by it.
“Even in the face of warnings and possible bad consequences, hope is unbelievably potent,” Dr. Barbara Greenberg said.
Dr. Greenberg, a clinical psychologist said so-called alternative products often play on the power of suggestion and persuasion.
“What's happening here is that people perceive and ineffective treatment as effective simply because of their expectations,” she said.
The company's website said “due to MMS product becoming ever increasing in its litigiousness, we unfortunately no longer take calls.”
CBS2 sent several emails in an attempt to demand answers, but never heard back.
“I would not recommend this product and I don't know any doctor who would,” Dr. Wilder said.
The sale of MMS has been banned in a handful of countries including Canada and Ireland.
FG will deal with hate-mongers — Osinbajo
Acting President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, yesterday, warned that the Federal Government would deal with individuals or groups spreading hate speeches capable of affecting the unity of the country.
Osinbajo, who stressed the determination of government to foster the unity of Nigeria, said the Federal Government would not allow such persons get away with their action.
The Acting President, who gave the warning when he met with Northern Elders, including Arewa Consultative Forum, at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, appealed to all Nigerians to come together.
According to him, the Federal Government is capable of resolving all misunderstandings in the polity.
He said there would always be frustrations and misunderstandings when people live together, as some would always want to get the best, adding that getting the best deal would only be possible in an atmosphere of peace.
Stating that the present crop of leaders in the country owe the up-coming generation a duty to leave behind a peaceful and prosperous nation, Osinbajo said: “Every form of violence, every form of hate speech, any stone that is thrown in the marketplace will hit targets, which may be deadly.
“So, I need us to be fully conscious of that and the Nigerian people must be made to be fully conscious of that so that we do not create a crisis that is not intended.
“As part of living together, I know that misunderstandings and frustrations will always arise and people will always want to get the best part of the deal but we must be careful to recognize that we can only begin to talk about any part of anything when we are together in peace.
“These days, wars do not end and I am sure that those who have seen or experienced war in any shape or form will not wish it on their worst enemies.
“This is not a time to retreat behind ethnic lines. Moments like these are not for isolating ourselves. I want to urge all of us here and the entire Nigerian populace to come together and work together.
Hate and divisive speech'll be met with full force
“As a government, we are determined to ensure the unity of the country along the lines of our constitution and I want to say that hate and divisive speech or divisive behaviour, where it is illegal, will be met with the full force of the law.
“And I want to ensure that there is no doubt at all that it is the resolve of the government that none will be allowed to get away with making speeches that can cause sedition or that can cause violence, especially because when we make this kind of pronouncements and do things that can cause violence or destruction of lives and property, we are no longer in control.
“Those who make those speeches are no longer in control. So, I want to emphasise that government will take very seriously any attempt to cause violence or disrupt the peace of this country. And that is very important because you cannot control violence once it begins.”
The meeting was attended by the Senate President, Bukola Saraki; Speaker of the House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara; Chief of Defence Staff, Gen Gabriel Olanishakin; Chairman, Arewa Consultative Forum and former Inspector-General of Police, Ibrahim Comassie, as well as Prof. Ango Abdullahi, a member of ACF.
Others present at the meeting included former governor of Sokoto State, Aliyu Wamakko; former Deputy Governor of Plateau State, Pauline Tallen; Publisher of Leadership newspapers, Sam Ndah-Isaiah; Paul Unongo, Tijani Ramalan,Editor-in-Chief of Daily Trust, among others.
Meetings with stakeholders
After the Federal Executive Council meeting today, Osinbajo will also meet with South-East leaders of thought, including traditional rulers and religious leaders from the zone on Friday and their counterparts from the North on Sunday in efforts to nip any crisis arising from the threats and counter threats in the bud.
Osinbajo tasks security chiefs
Osinbajo had earlier directed the security chiefs to take proactive measures to ensure the protection of lives and property of all Nigerians everywhere.
The directive of the Acting President was contained in the Twitter post by his spokesman, Laolu Akande. Akande said his principal gave the directive at a meeting with the security chiefs over the weekend.
He tweeted: “The Acting President met, over the weekend, with security chiefs and gave them firm instructions on the need to protect lives and property of all Nigerians, everywhere.
“The Acting President will start a series of consultations with leaders of thought from the northern and eastern regions of the country this afternoon.
“He will first meet each group separately on different days this week and then meet them together after wards.”
Vanguard
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Scorpion King! WATCH Olivier Giroud's Astonishing ‘Goal of The Year'
In just the first day of year, this goal from Arsenal's Striker Olivier Giroud is already being called the ‘Goal of the Year'. Seeing the goal, you wouldn't disagree. It also earned the 30-year-old the name, Scorpion King. Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger who spoke after Sunday's 2–0 win over Crystal Palace, suggested that it could be remembered […]
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Ms. Campbell, whose mother died several years ago, grew up in East Sussex, in southeastern England. She studied at Sheffield University, but academics did not suit her, her father said, and she dropped out, worked as a blacksmith and trained as a plumber.
She traveled to Syria last year, received military and Kurdish-language training, and joined the Women's Protection Units, or Y.P.J., the all-female military forces that fight alongside the Y.P.G. She died her blond hair black, to blend in better, and took a Kurdish name.
Photo
“I wanted to participate in the revolution of women that is being built up here and fight, and join also the weaponized fight against the forces of fascism and the enemies of the revolution,” she said in a video the Y.P.J. posted on Facebook on Monday. “And so now I'm very happy and proud to be going to Afrin to be able to do this.”
“She knew the risk she was facing,” said Ahed Elhendi, an adviser in Washington to the Syrian Democratic Council, the political group that controls northeast Syria and is allied with the Y.P.G. “When Afrin was being shelled by the Turkish Army, she asked to join the fight there many times until she finally made it there.”
Mr. Elhendi, who said he met Ms. Campbell last October in Syria, added, “We thought she could be a great asset to voice our dilemma, but her answer was always, she came for resistance, to fight.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The Syrian war, now seven years old, features a complex array of forces. Kurdish-led militias, backed by the United States, are fighting another American ally, Turkey, which claims that the Y.P.G. is an extension of a Kurdish insurgent group, the Kurdistan Workers' Party, also known as the P.K.K., that has been labeled a terrorist organization.
The Kurds are also fighting the Syrian government of President Bashar al-Assad, which is backed by Russia, Iran and Iranian-sponsored Shiite militias, and has increasingly reasserted control over the country.
Each of those factions has, to varying degrees, also fought the Islamic State group, now all but eliminated as a military force in Syria. And other rebel groups round out the picture, including Sunni Islamists who oppose all the major parties.
Mr. Campbell, 67, a musician, said he tried to talk his daughter out of going to Syria, knowing that she could be hurt or killed. “In retrospect, I could have made the argument more forcefully, but I think she would have dug her heels in even harder,” he said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I knew she was tough, but I never saw her as pointing a gun,” said Mr. Campbell, who learned of his daughter's death on Sunday. “Now the bottom has dropped out of my world.”
Poaching arrests highlight rise in rhino killings
Times LIVE
The rhino death toll in KZN has risen sharply to 119 for this year alone. File photo. Image by: CHRISTIAN HARTMANN / REUTERS. Fifty people have been arrested in the past two months in anti-poaching operations‚ officials said‚ raising concerns about the …
Suspects' shirts 'drenched in blood' Independent Online
all 3 news articles »
Senior Special Assistant to the President on Foreign Affairs and Diaspora, Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has described the latest extra judicial killing of a Nigerian in South Africa as “worrying and condemnable”.
Dabiri-Erewa in a statement in Abuja on Monday said the latest gruesome killing of Tochukwu Nnadi by Police in South Africa, was unacceptable to the people and government of Nigeria.
The statement was signed by her Media aide, Mr Abdur-Rahman Balogun.
The Presidential aide noted that the killing of Nnadi had brought to 20 Nigerians killed in South Africa through extrajudicial means in 2016 alone.
While appealing to Nigerians to avoid crimes, Dabiri-Erewa said the extra judicious killing of Nigerians is condemnable and unacceptable.
“The barbaric behaviour of the perpetrators is not only unacceptable, but also calls for urgent attention by diplomatic authorities in Nigeria and South Africa,” she said.
Dabiri-Erewa urged the South African Government to ensure that justice prevails by carrying out investigation and bring the culprit to book.
She reiterated her calls to Nigerians living abroad to always respect the laws of their host countries and be good ambassadors of Nigeria.
She recalled that a Nigerian based in South Africa, Tochukwu Nnadi, was allegedly choked to death by the Police in South Africa on Thursday Dec. 29, after he was arrested for allegedly selling drugs.
According to eyewitnesses, the man, popularly known as King Kingsley, was not struggling after he was arrested and handcuffed, but one of the officers held onto his neck and squeezed tightly until blood started gushing out.
“My heart goes out to the families of the deceased and pray God to grant the departed soul eternal rest,” the SSA prayed.
Meanwhile, the Nigeria Union in Pretoria had confirmed the latest killing.
The Secretary of the union, Mr Adetola Olubajo, told newsmen in Pretoria that “Nigeria Union is calling on the Nigerian Mission to demand results of investigations of all murder cases involving Nigerian victims from the South African authority''.
Olubajo said that the union was not happy that all murder cases involving Nigerians in South Africa were never resolved.
In the year 2016 alone, it has brought to 20, the number of Nigerians killed in South Africa under such cruel circumstances.
Among such victims were Ikejiaku Chinedu, Monday Okorie, Gideon Ogalaonye, Nnamdi Michael, Adeniyi Olumoko, Christian Onwukaike and Tochukwu Nnadi.
Nigerians are perennial victims of the xenophobia in South Africa, with Nigerians losing more than 4.6 million Rand or N90 million during the last attacks.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that about 150 South African business organisations are currently operating in Nigeria, despite the former's allegedly restrictive policies, which have made it difficult for Nigerians to invest in that country.
Philip Cosores for Uproxx
Over the weekend, Queens Of The Stone Age leader Josh Homme kicked photographer Chelsea Lauren in the face during the KROQ Almost Acoustic Christmas event in Los Angeles. Footage of the brutal incident surfaced, causing a massive uproar both within their fanbase and in the music world as a whole. The incident saw Homme deliver a social media apology that struck many as half-hearted and hollow, causing even a further backlash against the band. Lauren had to receive medical attention and told Variety that she was considering legal action.
Late last night, Homme again took to social media, this time delivering a video message to both Lauren and his fans. In the clip, Homme takes a more serious and reflective tone than his previous apology. He describes the event without making excuses this time, saying that “I want to be a good man, but last night I definitely failed at that.” He goes on to say that he doesn't want to be a person that his family or bandmates are embarrassed by.
One of Hamilton's trauma surgeons is questioning why paramedics didn't immediately take Yosif Al-Hasnawi to hospital. It's a question the public and the Ministry of Health and Long Term Care are trying to get to the bottom of.
Dr. Frank Baillie has specialized in trauma for 20 years at the Hamilton General Hospital and has followed this story.
“In this case, if they had found even a small hole from a small bullet they should have taken him straight to Hamilton General hospital.”
Yosif was shot on the sidewalk at the corner of Sanford avenue and Main street east. According to police, paramedics waited 38 minutes before they decided to take Yosif to hospital.
“We have tried to encourage the paramedics, particularly in trauma calls not to spend a lot of time at scene. Rather to pick up the patient as soon as possible and take them to Hamilton General hospital.”
But in Yosif's case paramedics took him to St. Joes, a hospital that was further away than the trauma center.
The first paramedic in Canada or the U.S. to be convicted of failing to provide proper care causing death under the ambulance act was in Hamilton 3 years ago. Paul Zenchuk was sentenced to 2 years probation and 200 hours of community service. The provincial offence carries a maximum sentence of up to a year in jail and a $25 000 fine.
It is still unclear if the paramedics in question have been suspended during this investigation. The City of Hamilton would not say. The Ministry of Health and Long Term Care investigator will finally begin their interviews with witnesses and the paramedics this week.
Related Stories:
The mother of Yosif Al-Hasnawi files a formal complaint against Hamilton paramedics
Suspect arrested in the homicide of Yosif Al-Hasnawi
Investigation launched into how EMS treated Yosif Al-Hasnawi
A California State University, Fresno professor who called Barbara Bush "an amazing racist" and cheered her death will not be punished, the president of the university announced Tuesday.
Randa Jarrar was acting as a private citizen using her personal Twitter account so her remarks didn't violate any California State University or campus policies, Fresno State President Joseph Castro wrote in announcing the results of a review.
"Her comments, although disgraceful, are protected free speech under the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution," Castro wrote. "Our duty as Americans and educators is to promote a free exchange of diverse views, even if we disagree with them."
Jarrar has been on leave this semester and couldn't immediately be reached for comment. An email to her university address was not immediately returned.
The English professor provoked a storm of criticism last week with her tweets following the death of the former first lady.
"Barbara Bush was a generous and smart and amazing racist who, along with her husband, raised a war criminal," Jarrar wrote.
Jarrar also commented that she was "happy the witch is dead."
A Change.org petition to have her fired had garnered 50,000 online signatures as of Tuesday evening.
In response to critics, Jarrar said she was a tenured professor who could not be fired but Castro said the issue wasn't related to her job or tenure.
However, he also condemned her remarks.
"Professor Jarrar's conduct was insensitive, inappropriate and an embarrassment to the university," Castro wrote, adding: "On campus and whenever we are representing the university, I expect all of us to engage in respectful dialogue."
Jarrar grew up in Kuwait and Egypt and moved to the United States after the Gulf War, according to her university faculty page.
She describes herself in her Twitter messages as an Arab-American and a Muslim-American woman.
NEW ORLEANS, La. — The University of the Rio Grande chapter of the American Marketing Association won two awards at the 40th annual International Collegiate Conference in New Orleans, Louisiana.
The AMA recognized Rio's chapter for Outstanding Membership and Outstanding Communication based on goals and projects the group completed throughout the year. Faculty Advisor and Associate Professor of Marketing Dr. Wesley Thoene said the conference allows students to network with marketing professionals and students from across the country.
“Around two thousand students, faculty and marketers from across the country go to this conference, so it is a great opportunity for students to network in the field and with potential employers as well as apply the concepts we teach in the classroom out in the field every day,” Thoene said. “I am proud of everything this group has achieved this year. It is a testament to the quality of students at Rio that we are able to bring home awards every year.”
AMA works to create a professional environment for students to refine their marketing skills and pursue networking opportunities. Ashton Hogan, AMA Chapter Vice President and a sophomore business management major from Vinton, also attended last year's conference. She said she believes the event is a beneficial opportunity for business students to prepare for the career field.
“I feel like I learned a lot at the conference. There were sessions on how to market our resumes professionally and how to prepare for job interviews. It was also interesting to see what other chapters across the country are doing at their schools,” Hogan said. “I was so excited when we received awards again this year because the group worked really hard and this shows that it paid off for us. It's important that Rio has an AMA chapter because it gives us a chance to be part of a group, enhance our business skills and network with other students on campus.”
The group has won 30 national awards over the last 11 years including awards for community service, membership, communication, fundraising and planning. The group has also been acknowledged as one of the best small AMA chapters in the United States. Steven Chapman, chapter president and senior marketing and business management major from Jackson, said he was proud to represent Rio's AMA chapter at the conference.
“I think the conference is a great experience to learn more about business outside the classroom. The AMA is a large organization, so there are a lot of networking opportunities from around the country,” Chapman said. “These awards show that we have a great business program here at a small school like Rio. I'm glad we were able to represent Rio at this conference because hearing our name called for these awards shows our program is able to compete with larger institutions.”
AMA also organizes School of Business Visitation Day, an annual fall event bringing 150-200 local high school students to campus to compete in a day-long competition, meet faculty, and tour Rio. For more information on the university's AMA chapter, visit www.rioama.com.
Students from the University of the Rio Grande chapter of the AMA attended the International Collegiate Conference in New Orleans where the group won two awards. Pictured left to right are Logan Rosier, Dekota Metzler, Cody Bowen, Ashton Hogan, Professor Wesley Thoene, and Steven Chapman. http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/04/web1_AMA-Conference-18.jpg Students from the University of the Rio Grande chapter of the AMA attended the International Collegiate Conference in New Orleans where the group won two awards. Pictured left to right are Logan Rosier, Dekota Metzler, Cody Bowen, Ashton Hogan, Professor Wesley Thoene, and Steven Chapman. Rio | Courtesy
5 men arraigned for allegedly importing 661 pump-action rifles
By Innocent Anaba
The Federal Government, today, arraigned five men before a Federal High Court sitting in Lagos for allegedly importing 661 pump-action rifles into the country without lawful authority.
The trial judge was Justice Ayokunle Faji.
The accused is Mahmud Hassan, Oscar Okafor, Donatus Achinulo, Matthew Okoye, said to be at large, and Salihu Danjuma.
In the charge, the Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice said that the accused brought the rifles into the country from Turkey through the Apapa Port in Lagos, using a 40-feet container, which they falsely claimed contained steel doors.
The accused, however, pleaded not guilty when the charges were read to them.
Consequently, the prosecuting counsel, K.A. Fagbemi, applied for a date to commence trial but urged the court to order that the accused should be remanded in the prison custody pending trial.
Justice Faji adjourned till September 12, 2017 for definite hearing and ordered that the accused should be remanded in the prison custody.
The accused were alleged to have facilitated the illegal importation, by forging a number of documents including a bill of lading, a Form M and a Pre-Arrival Assessment Report.
According to the prosecution, in order to evade payment of Customs duty, the accused allegedly forged a bill of lading issued at Istanbul on January 9, 2017, falsely claiming that it was issued at Shanghai, China.
In the forged bill of lading, they allegedly filled “steel door” as the content of the container instead of rifles.
They were also said to have allegedly offered a bribe of N400,000 to an official of the Nigeria Customs Service attached to the Federal Operative Unit to influence the said officer not to conduct a “hundred per cent search on the 40-feet container with number PONU 825914/3.”
The prosecution also alleged that the first accused, Hassan, corruptly gave N1m to government officials at the Apapa Port in order to prevent the search of the container by Customs officials.
In the last count, the Federal Government alleged that the defendants had between 2012 and 2016 illegally imported several double-barreled shotguns, pump-action rifles and single-barreled shotguns into the country through Lagos.
The eight counts pressed against them border on conspiracy, importation of prohibited firearms, forgery, uttering of forged documents, and bribery.
The offences were said to be contrary to sections 1(2)(c), 1(14) (a)(i) and 3(6) of the Miscellaneous Offences Act Cap M17, Laws of the Federation of Nigeria, 2014.
The post 5 men arraigned for allegedly importing 661 pump-action rifles appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Before making revisions to Animal Care Services' strategic plan, the City is gathering public input on how to handle San Antonio's stray pet and animal population.
There are also suggested changes to the Chapter 5 animal ordinance, which include a ban on tethering animals overnight and the number of animals an individual can legally own. Another topic up for discussion is mandatory spaying and neutering.
Citizens can share feedback through a series of public meetings, which began in February and will continue through mid-May. Proposals for ordinance changes will be submitted to City Council later this year.
The next public meeting is scheduled tonight at Miller's Pond Community Center from 6:30 to 8 p.m. For more dates and an online version of the survey, click here.
Guests:
Officer Shannon Sims, assistant director of the City of San Antonio's Animal Care Services department
Lisa Norwood, public relations and outreach manager at the City of San Antonio's Animal Care Services department
*Audio for this segment will be available by 3:30 p.m. on April 18
Photo
Pittsburgh — Of all the questions that the ascendancy of Donald Trump has raised — on the value of political experience in governing, on the fitness of business executives as government executives or the profile of the Republicans as defenders of the rich and the Democrats as the sentinels of the poor — none is as perplexing as perhaps the central question of the age:
Does the truth still matter?
It emerged again recently when reports surfaced that the president, who had previously acknowledged his presence on the “Access Hollywood” videotape, has suggested that he did not make the comments on the tape. He also resumed questioning whether Barack Obama was born in the United States — despite having said he accepted it as true last year. In a speech, Mr. Trump, contradicting almost every analysis of the tax bill, said the measure would hurt wealthy people, including himself.
For nearly a half-century in journalism, from hometown cub reporter to national political correspondent to metro daily executive editor, I've navigated with the aid of a newspaperman's North Star: the conviction that there is such a thing as objective truth that can be discovered and delivered through dispassionate hard work and passionate good faith, and that the product of that effort, if thoroughly documented, would be accepted as the truth.
Mr. Trump has turned that accepted truth on its head, sowing doubts about the veracity of news reporting by promoting the notion that the mainstream media spews “fake news.” Employing an evocative, sinister phrase dating to the French Revolution and embraced by Lenin and his Soviet successors, he has declared that great portions of the press are the “enemy of the people.”
Much of the Trump rhetoric on the press, to be sure, is less statecraft than stagecraft, designed to dismiss negative stories — as if the media had been never critical of past presidents instead of the equal-opportunity pugilists who bedeviled Bill Clinton (in the Monica Lewinsky episode) and George W. Bush (in the aftermath of the Iraq war).
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Even so, Mr. Trump can be credited with prompting, however inadvertently, the most profound period of press self-assessment in decades — and it comes at a period of unusual financial peril for the mainstream media. All around are sad affirmations of the diminishing credibility of the press, disheartening reminders that at least a third of the country, and perhaps more, regards our work as meaningless, biased or untruthful. In newsrooms, as at newsstands across the country, difficult but vital questions about the methods and motives of the press are being raised, forcing newsmongers and consumers of news to question long-held assumptions.
The Public Works Department (PWD) of Delhi on Wednesday published a WhatsApp number and an email address through which citizens can send complaints or information about water-logging in the national capital.
People can send complaints to 8130188222 or email them to monsoondelhi2017@gmail.com and even send them to PWD office address, till June 30.
In Delhi, roads and drains are maintained by the three municipal corporations and the PWD.
To avoid any blame game in preparatory works to prevent water-logging, Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia had earlier said that a joint committee of Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) and PWD officials has been formed.
Locations which were water-logged in the past have been identified and desalting work is being carried out.
As a post-script to this review of The Disaster Artist, I feel morally obliged to mention the recent revelations regarding James Franco's sexual misconduct. Due to these misdeeds, Franco did not receive an Oscar nomination for what many view as a consummate performance (and rightfully so, on both counts). When writing my review, I chose not to color the film with Franco's present circumstances, and wrote about The Disaster Artist as a purely aethetic object, to be critqued on its artistic and cultural value. That said, I do not condone Franco's actions, but maintain the view that this film is a work of great cinematic achievment.
I've always been a skeptic of the sentiment, “the movie is so bad it's good.” It seems like an odd capitulation, a strange valuation that doesn't make a whole lot of sense. I try to think of it as a sort of boiling point of badness. Once it becomes obvious that by all conventional standards the film is a failure, a new set of non-criteria take over, and there is a perverse value acceded to the film. It becomes “so bad, it's good.” But this is easier to conceptualize than to exemplify. If a film is really that bad, how could it ever be “good?”
Such was the apparent case with The Room, a film from 2003 that gained a reputation for its disastrous artistry and its untalented but redeemably hilarious acting. The director, writer and producer, Tommy Wiseau, has accumulated a following that has cheered his poor-quality film into fourteen years of screenings filled with buoyancy and laughter. Mind you, Wiseau's film is meant as a drama. The auteur has since promoted it as a comedy. He turned crowd sourcing into critical relativism. As James Franco puts it: “as soon as he realized that people were laughing at it, he had the wherewithal to capitalize on that.”
Wiseau himself is a mysterious figure. He claims to be from New Orleans, but maintains a heavy Eastern European accent. His film, The Room, was self-funded, self-promoted and self-sustained, propelled by Wiseau's apparently bottomless fortune emanating from an inscrutable source. No one knows where he gets his money. He famously kept the film in theaters, on his own dime, for two weeks so it could qualify for the Oscars. Wiseau's age is also shrouded in as goofy a dramatic façade as his film. He claims to be drastically younger than his appearance, dating himself absurdly out of his obvious age-range. The man himself's cultish mystique transmogrifies his film into a similarly occult creature that begs the question: Where the hell did this thing come from?
Before I saw The Room, and before I saw James Franco's recreation of the circumstances surrounding the films production in 2003, I heard Marc Maron interview Franco on his podcast. Maron's main question to Franco was “why”? Why put so much time and effort into recreating and presenting audiences with the milieu of a “fundamentally untalented person?” After all, The Room, some claim, is one of the worst films ever made. Couldn't it only be a cataclysmic tautology, merely restating the obvious while pulling a mocking laugh or two? Franco's response was not so much in defense of his film as it was in defense of himself, his interest in Wiseau and his admiration for the artistic impetus. Franco wanted to portray sympathetically the ambition and ultimate fruition of Wiseau's artistic project. That its dividends are perverse and shine through, as Franco says, a “cracked lens,” is irrelevant.
But the fact that Franco's movie, in part, aims at a biopic-esque portrayal of Wiseau and the environment surrounding his movie, makes it ultimately a great companion piece. To see Wiseau as especially sympathetic, one needs The Disaster Artist, but one also needs The Room. To watch either as a standalone is like reading Joyce, steeped in vast cultural and literary history, outside of the classroom. There needs to be some nexus between the source material and the history of the artist to fully understand the point behind the pages. While everything in The Disaster Artist fires at full capacity —Franco's acting is superb, nuanced and an eerily accurate facsimile of Wiseau himself — the disadvantage for my six friends around me was that they hadn't seen Wiseau in The Room. Scenes are reenacted in Franco's film, but only in quick cuts and semi-contextual ways, ones that necessarily make the film dependent on Wiseau's original. A sort of mise en abyme is in effect; a smaller image of Wiseau's film exists within The Disaster Artist, which makes it effective but capsular. By design, it has limitations. What causes the real Tommy Wiseau to be sympathetic is the knowledge that his suicide in The Room may have been precipitated by similar thoughts in his actual life, shown to us for (mostly) the first time in Franco's scenes as Tommy in The Disaster Artist. That the original film itself may have saved Wiseau from personal disaster is something to be learned. We can only sympathize with Wiseau himself, and his art, by means of his life's (and parts of his art's) reproduction, which The Disaster Artist does with the poignancy of a pin prick.
In part, what makes The Disaster Artist borderline great is that it makes you do something very rarely done nowadays: return to the source material, wind backward in an attempt to understand the intricacies of the present. Franco and co. force a superimposition of their material onto Wiseau's 2003 film, and in doing so afford a deeper, more nuanced understanding of not only the film itself, but the drive behind it. In a sense, Franco is operating on an art historical plane, and like a great educator, leaves us slightly unsatisfied. We must excavate ourselves in an attempt to clarify. In order to be rewarded, we must peruse with an exacting eye Wiseau's original, using The Disaster Artist as a sort of biographical and artistic assistant.
Of course, the self-obscuring nature of The Disaster Artist is what may limit it. People don't like digging, and will merely settle for its sharp laughs and cringe-worthy characters. But great art never provides strict answers, it provokes. And that is what James Franco has always done. Whenever he seems on the verge of obsolescence, or veering on the edge of an eternal typecast, he finds a way to inject his art with a new life. The Disaster Artist is a film about what it means to persevere, surely it is that, but it is also a film about how history can lead to a better present. It reveals Wiseau's humanity, the horrible as possibly ascendant, and the meaninglessly comical yet doggedly perseverant as one man's revivification. It hopes, by extension, to revivify us as well.
Photos: Meet 77-year-old Nigerian superman who pulls cars with his teeth and eats bottles
This Akwa Ibom man said to be 77 years old performs amazing feats such as pulling a car with his teeth and eating bottles. Super Sampson, The World Sampson or Super Dragon, as he is called is so strong that he cannot be pulled down by 15 men. Check out photos from his show held…
The post Photos: Meet 77-year-old Nigerian superman who pulls cars with his teeth and eats bottles appeared first on The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Breed: Cairn terrier mix
Age: 1 year
Gender: Spayed female
Size: 12 pounds
Mira's story: Mira ended up in the shelter with a belly full of babies. Now that she has wrapped up mommy duties and all of her pups have found their forever homes, it is time for Mira to find a new family of her very own. Mira is timid when meeting new people and will need a calm home with patient humans to help her feel comfortable at her own pace. She has blossomed in her foster home and has become the ever-present shadow and joyful spirit, following her foster mommy's every move. Mira is still working on building confidence when walking on leash. She did not likely have much socialization before she became a Lovebug so we have gone very slowly to help her feel comfortable with each new thing she experiences. Once she settles in, Mira is a pretty easygoing girl who enjoys snuggles, exploring in the yard and an occasional case of the “zoomies,” running around and acting silly. She is potty trained in her foster home, making that part of her transition a breeze.
Adoption fee: $300, includes vaccines, microchip
Adoption procedure: Complete Lovebugs Rescue's adoption application at lovebugsrescue.org.
০ = 0, ১ = 1, ২ = 2, ৩ = 3, ৪ = 4, ৫ = 5, ৬ = 6, ৭ = 7, ৮ = 8, ৯ = 9
্ = See example (Hasant/Viram) ় = * (Nukta) ʼ = ' (Urdhacomma) ঽ = & (Avagrah) ৺ = ~ (Isshar) ৹ = a~ (Bengali ana sign) ৲ = Rs~ (Bengali Rupee sign) ৳ = T~ (Taka sign) । = | (Devanagari danda) ॥ = || (Devanagari double danda) ₹ = Rs (Indian Rupee sign) 卐 = +~ (Swastika sign) Zero Width Joiner = ^ Zero Width Non Joiner = ^^
These symbols will type Bengali characters first but if "~" will be followed, it will remove previously typed Bengali character and then type the symbol.
Symbols & ~ * : ^ | ' have special meaning. You can type this way & = &~ ~ = ~~ * = *~ : = :~ ^ = ^~ | = |~ ' = '~
The English symbols [ ] { } ( ) < > - + / = ; . , " ? ! % \ _ $ @ # translate into the same symbols.
Example নমস্কার can be written by typing "namaskaar"
As per Rule # 3, ligature will be rendered. ZWJ and ZWNJ characters are used to produce alternate rendering of ligature.
A consonant followed by ZWJ character will produce half-formed consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‍ন = prash^n
A consonant followed by ZWNJ character will produce dead consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‌ন = prash^^n
If two english characters are making one Bengali Vowel (i.e. ai, au), then
ZWJ character is used to separate them into two different vowels. It will not
add ZWJ character but only considered as the separator between two
vowels.
BA is, unsurprisingly, behind schedule with the roll out. Last April, it said customers in all cabins would "shortly" have access to WiFi on long-haul flights. Onboard connectivity would then be added to short-haul flights later that year, the company promised. (The latter will now commence "later this year," a BA spokesperson told Engadget today.) Admittedly, this is Europe's "first ever 4G high-speed inflight network," which presumably comes with some technical challenges. It's hard not to feel frustrated, though, when so many of BA's competitors offer WiFi around the world.
BA will offer two WiFi tiers: Browse and Stream. Browse starts at £4.99 and limits your usage to basic webpages, messaging apps and social media. Stream, as the name implies, is suitable for Netflix and other video streaming services, and will start at £7.99. Both services will be available 10 minutes after take-off, once the aircraft has reached a height of roughly 10,000 feet. The first hour is free but after that you'll need to sign up for one of the aforementioned packages. Browse nets you a minimum speed of 250Kbps, while Stream offers "no less than approximately 1Mbps."
Each year, people hoping for good news come out on the special day of Feb. 2, halfway through the winter season, to see if a weather-predicting groundhog will see its shadow.
The mainstream furry foreteller of the weather, Punxsutawney Phil, will poke his head out Friday and if he sees his shadow, we may be in for more of that snowmaggedon weather, as the legend goes.
Human weather predictors say this winter should be a bit colder than last year with plenty of chances for snow. We'll just have to wait and see if Phil's shadow lines up with the human experts. As far as history is concerned, the groundhog tends to make random predictions.
It is unclear when exactly Groundhog Day began, but a historical journal entry reveals that Germans held the celebration in Morgantown, Penn. in 1841. It is also said that a group of friends in Punxsutawney, Penn. went out on Feb. 2 to look for groundhogs, which made the newspaper as the “Punxsutawney Groundhog Club” and the group eventually became the official organizers for the day in western Pennsylvania.
Back the 1800s, the holiday was known as Candlemas, a Christian holiday celebrating the presentation of Jesus at the temple forty days after his birth and the purification of his mother, Mary. A big feast is held, and priests bless candles for the coming year on this day. It symbolizes renewal, purification and preparation for the coming year.
Candlemas is also the traditional time in some countries when Christmas decorations are removed, so if you've been procrastinating the tree disposal, don't feel too bad.
Somehow, though, this day has become all pomp and circumstance about a rodent popping out of his head up out of the ground. I had really never heard anything about the traditional Christian holiday until I became interested in Phil's prediction last year, although the foundation of it is right there laid out in Gospel of Luke. What I did recall is the bit twelve years later when Mary and Joseph lost track of Jesus during the festival of Passover and return to find him in the temple among the teachers.
I guess the feast was more of a Roman Catholic tradition that America seems to have lost to the passing of time, or it was just surpassed in the progress of our culture by cute furry animals seeking their shadows.
Interestingly enough, Phil probably has the roots of his celebration going back farther than what is centered on Christ. Phil's tradition actually goes back to the habits of hibernating animals.
Before the hibernating groundhogs were put on a pedestal, people would watch the bears to see if they were staying out around this time of year. Hibernating animals do a weather check after a stint of sleep to see if they need to bed back down or if it's warm enough to come out of hiding. And apparently if it's sunny and shadows are afoot, there's cause to go back inside.
If you want to watch Punxsutawney Phil's prediction, go to visitpa.com/groundhog-day-live-stream.
I'd say if I was a hibernating animal and happened to come out on a chilly day like Friday, I'd hunker down for another stint of winter. Sinclaire Sparkman is The Democrat's news editor. Email her at ssparkman@lebanondemocrat.com.
When Michael Tansley came to Niagara, he meant it to be a time of easing into retirement.
He had found a beautiful house he loved in St. Davids, and was planning where to put the furniture, but he needed a job. He heard about an opening for organist and music director at St. Mark's Anglican Church.
After nine years of what turned out to be a highlight of a long and varied musical career, working with Rev. Bob Wright who was dedicated to bringing arts, especially music, to the historic church, Tansley is ready for the next stage.
He's calling it retirement, knowing it will still mean keeping busy and, of course, playing music for others.
He gave the church lots of notice to find a successor, so he would feel comfortable knowing the church music would be in good hands.
Although he has no definite plans for retirement, he knows he won't be idle.
“I've thoroughly enjoyed these years. I couldn't have been happier. Will I miss it? Of course I will, but I'm not leaving the area and the friends I've made. That's a bonus.”
Unlike many retirees, travel isn't at the top of his list — he has lived in many places and travelled with choirs, and doesn't feel the pull of seeing new places.
“I will keep my hand in music somehow, and I hope to do a bit of composing, maybe take a course at Brock and do some volunteering. I'll also be available to fill in when an organist is needed. And I'll have the freedom to do some other things that I haven't had time to do.”
He plans to take a break of a few months from St. Mark's to give his replacement time to get comfortable “without me breathing down their neck.”
Tansley will present his final concert at St. Mark's Church Friday with favourite musical selections he's chosen.
“I'm being very selfish with this Christmas concert,” he says. “It's all music I'd like to do, and I'll have people around me who have been part of the musical programs of St. Marks.”
He has invited as a special guest opera singer David Pike, who was a student of Tansley when he taught at Albert College in Belleville.
“I started him off with his first singing lesson, and he's done very well. He has a great career going. I'll be happy to have him at St. Mark's.”
The baritone sang at the church in June, said Tansley, “and it was a great success.”
“People loved having him here.”
With a busy schedule of European performances, Pike is in Canada this month, and he agreed to come and sing for the church.
“The program features him and is built around the fact that he's here.”
It also features Michael Abbott on trumpet, Debbie Braun on harp, Lynne Honsberger on organ and cellist Helen Kopec, with music by Britten, Vaughan Williams, Rutter, two excerpts from Handel's Messiah, Lauridsen and Sirett.
There will be some non-secular Christmas carols in new arrangements, said Tansley.
The 45-member St. Mark's choir will be joined by friends of Tansley who have sung with him over the years, he said.
Tickets are $20, and are available through the parish office at 905-468-3123. The concert starts at 7 p.m. with a reception to follow.
Nigerians urged to grasp value in vaccination
An expert in the health sector has called on Nigerians to see importance in the on-going vaccination as Nigeria joins other Africa countries to begin immunisation to mark the 2018 Africa Vaccination Week.
The African Vaccination Week (AVW) is an annual event celebrated during the last week of April. It is an initiative of governments in the African region that was initiated in 2010. It is celebrated in synchronization with other WHO Regions and the World Immunization Week (WIW).
This year's event started yesterday April 23 through 29 under the theme “Vaccines work, do your part.”
Africa Vaccination Week is aimed to strengthen immunization programmes in the African region including Nigeria by raising awareness on the need and right of every person (particularly every child and woman) to be protected from vaccine-preventable diseases.
Adeola Deborah a medical practitioner based in Lagos said, vaccines help to prevent diseases and looking at this year's theme “Vaccines work, Do your part!” and for Nigeria, the theme is “Vaccines work, Be an immunization champion” say Nigerians need to ensure they receive the optimal impact, it will be vital that every child, adolescent and pregnant woman receives the vaccines.
“I urge Nigerians as individuals, communities, and religious to see these vaccinations as a responsibility and value this opportunity to support universal immunisation coverage”, said Deborah.
She further stated that immunisation activities play an important role by reducing disease outbreaks of polio, measles and the other diseases.
“Nigeria needs about $2.7 billion (N824 billion) to buy vaccines over the next 10 years to enable it achieve its target of 84 per cent immunisation coverage by 2028, the National Primary Health Care Development Agency (NPHCDA) has said.
“Nigeria will require about $2.72billion to procure vaccines and devices from 2018 to 2028. While GAVI will support with $773.2 million, the government and other source, which include Basic Health Fund, loans and marching grants from donor agencies, will provide the balance,” Faisal Shuaib ,Executive Director of NPHCDA,
The World Health Organisation Country Representative, Wondi Alemu, therefore, has called for increased domestic resources for immunisation programmes in the country.
“I call on governments, parliamentarians and policymakers, civil society organisations, the private sector, communities and all families to break down the barriers to immunisation and ensure all Nigerian children get the shot to life that they deserve.
“WHO and partners are dedicated to working with the government in ensuring universal immunisation coverage,” he said.
ANTHONIA OBOKOH
The post Nigerians urged to grasp value in vaccination appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
President-elect Donald Trump's incoming press secretary Sean Spicer said Trump's use of social media will continue to be a “really exciting part of the job” after he takes office.
Donald Trump is known for his use of social media, specifically Twitter and Facebook, to spread his message and communicate directly with supporters.
“His use of social media in particular is going to be something that's never been seen before, he has this direct pipeline to the American people, where he can talk back and forth”.
“I think that allows him to add an element of a conversation that's never occurred. He can put his thoughts out and hear what they're thinking in a way that no one's ever been able to do before. He does communicate in a much bigger way than there's ever been before, and I think that's gonna be just a really exciting part of the job.” ~ Sean Spicer
Incoming WH press secretary says Trump's social media use 'is going to be something that's never been seen before' https://t.co/tK7gmveV8l — Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) January 2, 2017
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
VIDEO: Soti – Ekelebe (Official Video)
Diva Alert! Soti is playing no games, as she premieres the music video for her Skelly Beats produced dance anthem “Ekelebe”.
The Effyzzie Music belle teams up with the raved Paul Gambit to create a fun-packed visual that makes a titanic introduction for the honeyed-voice singer.
Side Note: “Ekelebe” is a Southern Nigerian slang which means “call police”.
Watch, enjoy and follow Soti on social media via @sotiofficial!
The post VIDEO: Soti – Ekelebe (Official Video) appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Kundali Bhagya 24 April 2018 Full Episode Written Updates: Tapsee comes to the party Prithv sees Tapsee at the party and wants to talk to her. He asks her to go to a secluded room. Karan follows her but is stopped by Rishabh. He tells him about all that has been happening.
The Luthra offer help for arrangements in Preeta's engagement. Tapsee also comes to the party and is in a rage, determined to claim Prithvi as her own thereby bringing out his truth. karan is glad that it will finally happen and he'll be able to break Preeta's engagement and the video he has will only substantiate whatever Tapsee says.
9:30pm- Srishti is making sure all the arrangements are in place. She sees that there is no water in the water dispenser and Sameer comes in to help her pick up the heavy jar of water. Srishti is flustered with the chemistry between them. She realises that she didn't even thank him for his help.
9:33pm- Srishti wonders how Sameer feels about her. A random lady is listening to her rant and suggests her to go and ask him on her own.
9:35pm- Sarla gets Prithvi to meet her relatives and Biji also brings Janki to the engagement party. His mom asks him to touch her feet and take blessings. Prithvi is shocked to see her but does not show.
9:37pm- Biji takes Janki's hand and places it on Prithvi head so that she can bless her. Janki clutches Prithvi's hair. Biji gets her to remove her hand.
9:38pm- Prithvi sees Tapsee in the party and is shocked to see her. Kritika and Srishti see this flabbergasted look on Prithvi's face and walk upto him to ask him what's wrong but he covers it up.
9:42pm- Prithvi asks Tapsee to meet him in a specific room in some time. She goes to the room. Seeing her going to the room, Karan rushes behind her but Rishabh stops him to ask what's wrong. He tells him that Tapsee is Karan's ex-girlfriend.
9:48pm- Prithvi's mom warns him against Sherlyn and he listens to her and rushes to the room he asked Tapsee to meet him in. Preeta sees him in the hallway and asks him whether something is bothering him. He talks to her rudely and walks away. Preeta wonders why he is so tensed.
9:54pm- Karan tells Rishabh about the video and the entire episode that happened at their party. He also tells him that he currently has a girlfriend who is unaware of all that Prithvi is doing. Sherlyn overhears their conversation.
9:57pm- Prithvi asks Tapsee who invited her to the party and Tapsee tells her that she wants him to call off the engagement and break up with his girlfriend. Sherlyn tries to think of a way to pull Prithvi out of the mess that's being created. Kareena calls her but she does not listen to her. Kareena follows her and asks her where she is rushing to, and she says that she is going to meet Prithvi.
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
In this week's edition of “5 Questions With…” we interviewed Margaret Russell, an Executive Producer with the Actors' Mission. We asked Margaret about her role with the group, their upcoming events, and her favorite thing about the local community theater.
How long have you been involved with the Actors' Mission?
I have laughed; I have cried; I've gotten mad, been embarrassed – actually experienced many emotions sitting in the audience of an Actors' Mission performance. I became a fan in 2001 because my son, Brad Russell was in the cast of many of those first performances, held in a vacant building down on Pilot Butte Avenue in Rock Springs.
What is your role with the Actors' Mission?
In its 17+ years, the Actors' Mission never had a permanent home, moving from vacant space to public libraries, to the rented space in the B.P.O. Elks Lodge building. The increased interest and enthusiasm by both the community and the members necessitated substantial investments in equipment, lighting and staging; so with the donation of a building, they made the decision to renovate this new space into a “black box theatre” – a perfect venue for their productions. The Actors' Mission has always stayed in business by donations – putting on a free play and a free dinner with only the donations from the audience, and from SBOCES. But now they've found themselves in need of some larger donations for capital improvements. They formed a group of community supporters, the Executive Producers, and began a fundraising campaign in July 2016. I was asked to be a part of that group because of previous fund-raising experience as the Foundation Director at Western Wyoming Community College.
What's your favorite thing about the Actors' Mission?
One of the best things about Actors' Mission is that it is FREE! This is so important! There are many people across the country who will NEVER see, nor even have an awareness, of some of the world's greatest plays performed live on stage. The mission of Actors' Mission is to “Feed the Body, Nourish the Mind”, and it cuts across all economic barriers, and offers great performing arts experiences to everyone – for free!
The Actors' Mission has a big fundraising event coming up on February 10th. Can you tell us about more about it and what the funds will be used for?
Saturday, February 10th, at the Holiday Inn Ballroom, we'll be celebrating Mardi Gras, our very first fundraiser for the new building. It will be a fun-filled evening with a fantastic dinner served up Cajun-style, a silent auction, some raffles, a Diamond Dig, lots of prizes and great jazz! Rock Springs' very own jazz group, the Affirmations, will be entertaining the audience, and the highlight of the evening features a special concert by the “King of Jazz”, Ronnie Kole, coming in from New Orleans. Tickets are just $50 from the Chamber of Commerce, or get in touch with me. It's going to be a great event!
Besides the fundraiser in February, are there any other big plans or events that people should know about?
The most exciting thing Actors' Mission offers is its full season of plays. Actors' Mission produces four plays each year. We have two shows left in this season, “Dog Sees God” by Bert V. Royal and then “The Women” by Clare Boothe Luce. A Readers Committee made up of volunteers reads and studies, then makes recommendations to the Board regarding the performances for each season. The plays are chosen, the directors are selected, and auditions held. Each production consumes about 2 to 3 months each. This Summer we hope to do Master Class in Lighting Design as part of the Mission's continuing effort to educate.
Thank you for the interview Margaret! If you'd like to find out more about the Actors' Mission and their upcoming fundraiser and events, you can visit their Facebook page here and their website here.
17 Remington Brass Maybe someone can help me out ..........Ive been looking for 17 Remington Rifle Brass either Nosler or Norma and for the life of me There is no Brass to be found anywhere I have looked.
Sure I can buy the loaded ammo but would prefer to get the unprimed Brass but it appears that there is no to be had anywhere
A few big-name corporate leaders released innocuous statements over the weekend condemning the violence by white supremacists in Charlottesville. But with the exception of Mr. Frazier, none appear to have directly condemned the president's choice of words, which have been a lightning rod for Americans from many quarters, even among many Republican lawmakers and Trump supporters. (The president said at a news conference on Monday, after a barrage of blistering criticism, that “racism is evil.”)
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The closest thing to a critique of Mr. Trump's language from a United States C.E.O. came from Lloyd Blankfein, chief executive of Goldman Sachs, who tweeted on Monday morning:
(Mr. Blankfein is not on any of the president's councils, which may make it easier for him to be critical.)
But how can so many other American business leaders and senior executives remain quiet about the president's reaction? Where is the moral courage to stand up?
After all, most companies these days spend countless hours talking about their culture and values. Just last week, Google publicly fired one of its engineers within days of his writing a memo that questioned whether “personality differences” between men and women led to there being fewer women engineers in the technology industry.
How can people like Adebayo O. Ogunlesi, a lead director of Goldman Sachs and an infrastructure investor, remain a member of Mr. Trump's Strategic and Policy Forum — a role highlighted on Mr. Ogunlesi's company biography? How could Mr. Ogunlesi, an immigrant from Nigeria who was a clerk to Justice Thurgood Marshall of the Supreme Court, not say anything?
As Justice Marshall himself famously said, “Where you see wrong or inequality or injustice, speak out, because this is your country. This is your democracy.”
Photo
Mr. Ogunlesi declined to comment, through a representative.
What about Indra Nooyi, the Indian-born chief executive of PepsiCo? She is a member of the president's business council and has long been a vocal advocate for minorities. The company said this year that it “does not tolerate bigotry or hate in any form.”
When I contacted her about Mr. Trump's remarks over the weekend, a spokesman directed me to a tweet that clearly didn't mention the president:
Some people who have less at stake are going on record to support Mr. Frazier's stance against the president. Tom Glocer, the former chief executive of Thomson Reuters, wrote on Twitter on Monday: “Ken has stood up for true American values. I call on all other members of Trump's image-burnishing committees to do the same.”
Privately, many chief executives say they are fuming, outraged by the president. (This after many of them campaigned to get on Mr. Trump's committees.) But many are too scared to say anything publicly that could make them or their company a target of Mr. Trump's wrath.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Indeed, Mr. Trump's vitriol against Mr. Frazier and Merck — a company that depends on the government as a buyer for many of its drugs — will perhaps have an even greater chilling effect on other C.E.O.s who may consider speaking out. (The potential for economic retribution against Merck also demonstrates just how brave Mr. Frazier was in taking a stand.)
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
When I asked one chief executive Monday morning why he had remained publicly silent, he told me: “Just look at what he did to Ken. I'm not sticking my head up.” Which, of course, is the reason he said I could not quote him by name.
The same trepidation may explain why people like Mr. Ogunlesi don't say anything. He runs an infrastructure fund that will most likely have to do business with the federal government. And Ms. Nooyi's PepsiCo, for example, was briefly boycotted by Trump supporters when she made some comments that were construed as critical of him.
Other C.E.O.s, like Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase, have contended that they consider it part of their patriotic duty to remain on the president's business council, even when they disagree with things Mr. Trump says or does.
“It is very hard if you say, I'm going to go off an advisory group or not do a,b,c, because you disagree on one issue,” Mr. Dimon said in early June after Mr. Trump withdrew from the Paris climate agreement, a move that Mr. Dimon was against. Elon Musk of Tesla and Robert Iger of Disney resigned from the council in protest.
“Honestly, no one is going to agree with every president or prime minister on every issue, so I don't want to overreact to it,” Mr. Dimon said.
Lawrence Summers, who has served as Treasury Secretary and president of Harvard University, said in response to Mr. Dimon's rationale at the time to Bloomberg News: “At what point as a patriot is your allegiance to your country rather to your president? I've always thought of my allegiance as a patriot as being to my country.”
A fair critique of the president is that he didn't immediately and directly condemn the bigoted actions over the weekend and call them out for what they were — remarks that tacitly helped normalize such hate.
While C.E.O.s may call out the hate, will they have the fortitude to call out the president?
(AP Photo/Eric Gay). Federal investigators work near the site of Sunday's explosion, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Austin, Texas. Multiple people were injured in the explosion Sunday night, and police warned nearby residents to remain indoors overnight as...
(AP Photo/Eric Gay). An agent the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives works with his dog near the site of Sunday's explosion, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Austin, Texas. Fear escalated across Austin on Monday after the fourth bombing this...
( Jay Janner/Austin American-Statesman via AP). Investigators on Monday March 19, 2018, work at the scene of a bomb explosion on Dawn Song Drive in Austin, Texas, that seriously injured two men Sunday. Two people have now been killed and four wounded i...
By MATT SEDENSKY
AP National Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - In the search for answers to a series of explosions in Texas, authorities have come ahead with a simple plea to whoever's behind the blasts: Talk to us.
The Austin police chief's direct appeal, complete with promises to listen to the bomber and try to understand the reasons, reflects the stubborn progress of the investigation in which there's no known motivation and the ties between the victims are opaque at best. It may also represent a ploy to coax a response that could give clues or help police prepare for what might come next.
"It puts law enforcement and police in a down power dynamic and instills power on the person," said Randall Rogan, a Wake Forest University professor who is an expert on forensic linguistic analysis and worked with the FBI on the Unabomber case. "It gives (perpetrators) a sense of satisfaction, of pride, of accomplishment, that they are in charge."
An explosion on Sunday night was the fourth in Austin this month, and represented a stepped-up level of sophistication in the attack. Unlike the previous bombings, which involved packages left on doorsteps, the latest one was placed near a hiking trail and had a thin translucent tripwire like fishing line. Two people have died in the explosions and four others have been injured.
Hundreds of officers from multiple law enforcement agencies are on the case.
Rogan said as time passes, it's likely the person or people behind the explosions will seek more than just the thrill of the crimes themselves and will desire more recognition, something that could drive them to make contact with police or release some sort of communiqué or manifesto. He said the new complexity of the fourth bombing might suggest it was a test for something even bigger.
"This is an increase and expansion of sophistication and most likely a trial run for something to come in the future," Rogan said.
Robert Taylor, a former police detective who is now a criminologist at the University of Texas at Dallas, said eventually there will be a break in the case, but how long it will take remains to be seen.
"Something will come up somewhere. It will be a fingerprint on an envelope or DNA from saliva or a unique kind of detonator, or someone will just blab in a bar," he said.
For now, though, the police chief's plea suggests they haven't reached that point.
"It's a sign there's probably not a lot of physical evidence in this kind of crimes that lead and point to a specific person," Taylor said.
Every tiny piece of the bombs' remnants, though, holds the potential to unlock the mystery.
Mary Ellen O'Toole, a retired FBI agent and profiler who worked on numerous bombing cases, including the Unabomber, and now heads the forensic science program at George Mason University, said because bombs require so many components, they increase the chance that whoever built it could leave a trace of themselves behind.
"They're looking to see if they can determine a signature for the bomber," she said of investigators.
Scouring the areas where the bombs went off could uncover something - a hair, a skin fragment, a part of a fingerprint - that might lead to the perpetrator. Police will analyze every part of the devices they can recover to see what clues come from wires, tape, the skill and neatness in which they were constructed, and any other detail that might help decode who the bomber is.
"Even the way they bend or roll the wire," said Michael Bussell, a former Army ordnance disposal technician who now teaches classes on the subject for the online American Military University.
The Unabomber case, which launched with its first blast in 1978, provides both reasons to be hopeful and concerned about the Texas explosions.
While the FBI was able to build a correct profile of the bomber as having been raised in Chicago with ties to Salt Lake City and San Francisco, the big break in the case didn't come for 17 years, when he sent a 35,000-word manifesto. Even then, Ted Kaczynski was identified as the Unabomber only after his brother came forward to help authorities.
O'Toole said it's impossible to build a nuanced profile of the killer without all the evidence, but that bombers share some characteristics. They are willing to forsake some control in their mayhem since they are leaving a device that might not reach its intended target. They enjoy the risk of it - not just the danger of building a bomb, but also of transporting it to neighborhoods where people live and they could easily be caught. And because the bombings have continued, they likely feel no remorse and are prepared to do it again.
"If this bomber is being motivated, in part, by the sense of power and control that he has holding the city of Austin in a state of fear, and depending on how addictive that feeling is," she said, "that can be a strong contributor to his doing it again and not waiting a long period of time."
___
Sedensky can be reached at msedensky@ap.org or https://twitter.com/sedensky
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
04:16 Reported News Briefs Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 Trump blasts Iranian regime in Persian New Year statement Read more Trump wishes Iranians a happy Nowruz while also criticizing the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
"Bullshit": Yung6ix Blasts Ireti Doyle's Husband, Patrick Over Davido's "30 Billion For the Account" Slang
Nigerian rapper, Yung6ix has slammed actress Ireti Doyle's husband, Patrick for faulting the popular “30 billion for the account” slang from Davido's IF.
Patrick, in an interview with Hiptv said the slang would cause more harm than good to children in the nation, however, Yung6ix described the statement as ‘Bullshit'.
Patrick Doyle faults “thirty billion” slogan, says it is
This post was syndicated from Cambells Blog - Nigerian News Today, Top Headlines | Naija Music Download. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Getty Image
The Sacramento Kings emerged from the 2017 NBA Draft with an impressive haul of young, talented players led by former Kentucky point guard De'Aaron Fox. Because the Kings are firmly in a rebuilding mode, Sacramento took the opportunity to swing for the fences when selecting former Duke big man Harry Giles with the No. 20 pick, knowing that the one-time elite prospect was a big-time risk.
Now, it appears as if that experiment is not off to the best start, as the Kings announced on Friday that Giles will be sidelined until at least January with knee concerns.
Fabregas to start Milan revolution
Milan have reportedly reached a verbal agreement to sign Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas this summer.
According to the Daily Star and CalcioMercato.com, Milan's new Chinese owners have identified Fabregas as the player to kick-start their revolution at San Siro.
However, while the outlets suggest the midfielder has given the Rossoneri his word to join them, a fee and personal terms have yet to be negotiated.
The Blues are said to be holding out for a figure in the region of €25m for the Spain international, who himself is demanding a salary of €4.5m plus bonuses.
Fabregas has started just nine Premier League games for Chelsea this season and was linked with a deadline-day switch to Milan last summer.
The post Fabregas to start Milan revolution appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON (AP) — A lawyer who has suggested that FBI officials were part of a "brazen plot" to exonerate Hillary Clinton and frame Donald Trump has been added to the president's legal team.
Joseph diGenova, a former United States attorney in the District of Columbia and a frequent television commentator, will join the team at a sensitive moment as Trump's lawyers weigh whether to make the president available for an interview with special counsel Robert Mueller and under what terms.
He will work alongside attorneys John Dowd and Jay Sekulow, who said in a statement Monday that he was confident that diGenova will "be a great asset in our representation of the president." Mueller is investigating potential coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign and possible obstruction of justice by the president.
DiGenova, who will start later this week, declined to comment to The Associated Press on Monday.
Though the White House and Trump legal team has spoken publicly of its cooperative relationship with Mueller's office, that rapport appeared frayed over the weekend when Dowd said that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein — who appointed Mueller and oversees his team of prosecutors — should "bring an end" to the investigation.
Dowd said he was speaking for just himself, but his emailed statement appeared to reflect the frustration of the president, who lashed out at the investigation in a series of weekend tweets, including one in which he mentioned Mueller by name.
As Mueller seeks an interview with the president, the addition of diGenova could signal a more combative stance, if past comments are any indication.
In a January interview on Fox News, for instance, he said that anti-Trump text messages exchanged between two FBI officials who were once on Mueller's team reflect a "brazen plot to illegally exonerate Hillary Clinton, and if she didn't win the election, to then frame Donald Trump with a falsely created crime.
"Everything that we have seen from these texts, and from all of the facts developing, shows that the FBI and senior (Justice Department) officials conspired to violate the law and to deny Donald Trump his civil rights," he added.
The addition of diGenova was first reported by The New York Times.
___
Associated Press writer Chad Day contributed to this report.
This week's Your Turn segment goes to Laurie Girouard. She's one of dozens of people who reacted on our Facebook page this week to the story about businesses that have made a commitment to remain closed this Thanksgiving.
They're bucking the trend of stores that are starting their Black Friday sales Thanksgiving night or even earlier. Girouard thinks the stores should stay closed. In her words:
The Black Friday sales can wait till Friday. Let's celebrate Thanksgiving as it should be celebrated, giving thanks and with family. A few years back, I cooked a huge Thanksgiving feast and invited my family. All they did was look at ads, and plan their shopping trip which started shortly after lunch. Suffice to say, I no longer cook for Thanksgiving. Most importantly, let's think of all the people who don't have a choice and have to work because these shoppers can't wait one more day.
That's Laurie Girouard's turn. Now it's your turn. To comment on this segment or anything else, visit us on Facebook or send an email to yourturn@wafb.com.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Transcript for Manhunt expands nationwide with $50K reward for Facebook murder suspect
nationwide manhunt for the suspect who posted that crime on Facebook. This morning there are new 911 calls from the scene. And we are learning more about the killer who is still on the loose. ABC's Alex Perez is in Cleveland, has the latest details for us, good morning, Alex. Reporter: Good morning, robin. The FBI and local investigators say they have been talking to the police about this situation trying to figure out what exactly -- how they can piece this together, this case together here. Now, we've also learned that investigators are talking to anybody on the scene and anybody who may have any information on this case to try to figure out what exactly went wrong for the first time here. We are hearing some of these 911 tapes and the confusion and panic that followed in the moments after the shooting. Reporter: This morning Steve Stephens is on the FBI's most wanted list, the hunt intensifying and now going nationwide. Our reach now is basically all over this country. Reporter: This as new 911 tapes are released of the moment a neighbor witnessed the shooting aftermath of the unarmed elderly man. Where was he shooting at? He's been shot in the head. He's unconscious. He's dead. Stephens' cell phone signal pinged 100 miles east of Cleveland, near Erie, Pennsylvania. They tried to persuade him to turn himself in but now the trail has gone cold. He's dangerous and could be a lot of places. Reporter: Stephens recorded this shocking video of himself randomly targeting 74-year-old Robert Godwin killing him in cold blood. Then posting it to Facebook Sunday afternoon. This morning we're learning more about the 37-year-old suspect, a case manager who worked with troubled youth. Every day but when it comes to my Nobody gives a . Reporter: He complained about the downward spiral of his rife after gambling and girlfriend trouble. Earlier videos posted to his YouTube page a stark contrast. Showing the Cleveland native bowling, fishing and even celebrating -- Yeah, we dit, baby. Reporter: His city's basketball win last year. A former college friend of the alleged killer stunned. It was an act of cowardice, stand up, be a man, turn yourself in. Reporter: To family and friends gathering to remember the innocent victim, who leaves behind ten children and 14 grandchildren. I saw the video and it forever will be in my mind because I saw the fear in my father's eyes. He was so frightened. He was. He was so afraid. So sweet. Reporter: And authorities say they are following up on, quote, Dodds and dozens of leads. There's now a $50,000 reward for any information leading to his arrest. Joining us is Rebecca Jarvis and former Dallas police chief David brown. Chief brown, let me start with you. Where does the search stand right now. It's a national search. It's been reported and we are combing all of the technology that he might use, beyond cell phones, to social media might be leads that might develop as well as family and friends, because it's highly suggestive that he's getting help in order to be able to disappear off the radar like this. Yesterday we were saying there were five states that were on high alert. Now they're saying a nationwide search. As more time passes it becomes a little more complicated. More complicated and difficult for law enforcement to be able to locate. They need help from the public and made those pleas to the public to report anything they might see that's suspicious or a tip that leads them to capture the suspect. You're familiar with searching for suspects, so, what's next in the manhunt, do you think? Most of all there are cameras at tollways and cameras in public spaces like malls and locations where people frequent and so we're combing all of those types of technologies in order to hopefully get that one little tip of a license plate or just a suspicious thing that happened that people report and follow up on that but it's, again, a needle in the haystack type of search so we need the public's help and emphasize it is a crime to hinder apprehension and secrete him. There is a thought he must be getting help here. Rebecca, going back to Facebook, what are they saying this morning about this? What's so interesting as chief brown points out technology can help us find this individual, but it also helped this individual put his story public and overnight Facebook has now apologized for this video being up on its site for as long as it did and said as a result of this terrible series of events we are reviewing our reporting flows to be sure people can report videos and other material that violates our standards as easily and quickly as possible. We know we need to do better. That's part of the thing. People, the users of Facebook are the people who help Facebook take down this material. That's true. In order to take down material like this as of today, Facebook needs people to go on their site and say, this exists. There's nothing legally wrong with what Facebook did. But people are thinking morally, is there something more they can. They want to do more and developing technology to try to do more if you look at that timeline it was more than two hours. Both of you thanks so much.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
If you have banking or business to take care of, you might want to get that done today before Wednesday's 4th of July Holiday.
Apex Bank of Camden, Carroll Bank and Trust, and First Bank locations will all be closed for the Independence Day holiday Wednesday.
Virtually all local City Halls including Big Sandy and Camden will also be closed for the July 4th Holiday Wednesday.
Virtually all Courthouses including the Benton County Courthouse will all be closed Wednesday.
If you want to find food for the holiday, virtually all grocery stores and restaurants in Benton County will be open the 4th.
We here at WRJB Radio wish you a safe and happy 4th of July.
The demand for gift cards fluctuates from year to year, and Connecticut Better Business Bureau says this year's forecasts reveal a strong demand for them.
A survey last year from financial publisher Bankrate found more than half of us intend to buy at least one gift card as a present, but only 27 percent of people prefer to receive a gift card as opposed to a tangible item.
“Gift cards have been one of the most popular holiday presents for decades and that has not changed,” according to Connecticut BBB spokesman Howard Schwartz. “What has changed is the way consumers intend to spend money this holiday season, whether they buy a gift card for someone else or for themselves. That freedom is one of the reasons for cards' popularity.”
The market research company NPD Group's 2017 Holiday Purchase Intentions Study reveals 39 percent of consumers plan to purchase so-called experiential gifts this holiday season. Those are gifts such as wine tastings, concert tickets, and spa treatments, and gift cards are a convenient way to pay for those.
Gift cards are also popular with retailers. Historically, three out of four people spend more money than the value of the card.
If you receive a gift card as a present but don't want it, there are websites that allow you to buy or sell gift cards. Cards with the highest trade-in value are from gas stations, retail chains and grocery stores. They usually sell for 80 to 90 cents on the dollar, while less popular cards can go for half their face value or less. Check out gift card exchange websites at bbb.orgto verify if they are legitimate and have any complaints.
BBB offers some tips to help you get the most out of your gift cards:
Buy them where an employee can see them — If the gift cards are on a rack out of view — a thief can tamper with them, transfer the value of the card and then return it to the rack.
Use them or lose them — As much as 10 percent of gift cards are never redeemed because they get misplaced, forgotten or lost. Another reason to use them as soon as possible is in case a business shuts down and the card cannot be used.
Treat your card like cash — If the card is lost or stolen, contact the issuer immediately. Some will re-issue a card for a fee but others will not. That is another reason to include the original receipt with the gift card before you give it.
Be very careful buying from an individual — If someone is selling gift cards online through a classified ad site for example, you risk buying a stolen, counterfeit or empty card without any opportunity to get your money back in the event of fraud.
Some cards have fees — This applies to cards issued by banks. They can charge fees for inactivity if they are not used within 12 months. In contrast, under Connecticut law, gift cards cannot have an expiration date or inactivity fees, even if the card is purchased from another state.
Find additional holiday tips at bbb.org.
“Press photography is akin to creating a time capsule; the contemporary photographer is a kind of modern Flavius Josephus,” says... Subscribe now to enjoy our premium content Subscribe Log in Haaretz unlimited. Only 1$ for the first month
Shutterstock
Chicken wings are kinda the best. They're small delivery systems of savory, sweet, and spicy flavor. Throw some in a deep frier and then toss them in a great sauce … Brilliance. But deep frying food at home is a pain in the ass. Wings are something we tend to go out for. Hence almost every fast casual has an assortment on their menus and even pizza delivery has gotten in the game.
So where can we get the absolute best wings in America? To complete this masterful task we have to take a few things into consideration. First, let's set aside the classic fried chicken joints — we can't have Popeye's winning every chicken-related competition. Let's just focus on the fast food and fast casual wing-heavy places that are mostly nationwide, allowing us all a chance to check these picks out.
Sure, places like Hattie B's in Nashville would probably win hands down, but they only have Nashville locations and one in Alabama. So Nashville hot chicken has to sit this one out. Though, if we ever rank the straight up best chicken in the country, regardless of size, be assured, they'll be in the running.
Okay, let's cut to the chase and rank some wings.
10. Domino's
Wingin' it today. 🍗🍗🍗 A post shared by Domino's Pizza (@dominos) on Aug 11, 2017 at 1:36pm PDT
When it comes to wing Domino's > Papa John's. Where Papa John's wings get a bit sloppy, Domino's tend to be crisply fried and simply dressed in hot sauce. There's not a whole lot going on otherwise. These are the sorta wings you order as an afterthought like, “Sure, fill up a pizza box of wings for me too, YOLO.”
Bouta kill this wings xD @soccer_beast #dominoswings #like #40pcs #wantsome A post shared by UzUuu (@uzuuu2017) on Jun 30, 2013 at 9:42pm PDT
9. Cheesecake Factory
If we're talking fast casual, The Cheesecake Factory is the mountaintop. Sorry TGI Fridays and Applebees. So long Ruby Tuesday. The Factory (that's what the restaurant's acolytes call it, right?) buffalo wings are perfectly suitable as an appetizer. They're crispy and saucy like any good buffalo wing. And that's about it. They aren't mind-blowing or transcendent. They're just good — if you can find them on The Factory's (we're sticking with this one) insanely deep menu.
Court sentences ex head of Egypt's anti-graft agency to 5 years in prison
Hisham Genena was arrested in February following incendiary comments he made in a television interview
The post Court sentences ex head of Egypt's anti-graft agency to 5 years in prison appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Matthew McConaughey has sent his love to Channing Tatum, following the star's split from wife Jenna Dewan.
The 37-year-old actor called time on his nine-year marriage to Jenna earlier this month, and his close pal and fellow Hollywood star Matthew has said that whilst he hasn't had a chance to "check in" on Channing just yet, he knows the split must be hard on him.
Speaking to E! News, the 48-year-old 'Interstellar' star said: "I haven't talked to him. I want to check in with him because he's going through what's obviously not an ideal time right now with the separation. I haven't spoke to him in the last couple weeks."
Matthew's well wishes come after it was recently claimed that the 'Magic Mike' star was "missing" his estranged wife, with whom he has four-year-old daughter Everly.
A source said: "Channing definitely misses Jenna."
However, the same source also revealed that Jenna, also 37, was using her hectic work schedule to keep her mind off the split.
They added: "Jenna has a crazy work schedule right now and is feeling good and has a lot going on."
Jenna and Channing - who married in 2009 - announced their split in a lengthy statement on social media, which was posted at the beginning of April.
It read: "Hey world! So... We have something we would like to share. First off, it feels odd that we have to share this kind of thing with everyone, but it's a consequence of the lives we've chosen to lead, which we also happen to be deeply grateful for. We're living in an incredible moment in time, but it's also a time where truth can easily get distorted into 'alternative facts' So we want to share the truth so you know that if you didn't read it here then it's most certainly fiction.
"We have lovingly chosen to separate as a couple. We fell deeply in love so many years ago and have had a magical journey together. Absolutely nothing has changed about how much we love one another, but love is a beautiful adventure that is taking us on different paths for now. There are no secrets nor salacious events at the root of our decision - just two best-friends realizing it's time to take some space and help each other live the most joyous, fulfilled lives as possible.
Former linebacker Ray Lewis, receiver Randy Moss and linebacker Brian Urlacher have been elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in their first year of eligibility, sources told ESPN.?
They are joined in the Class of 2018 by?Terrell Owens and Brian Dawkins as the modern-era selections to be enshrined, sources said. Owens was in his third year of eligibility and third as a finalist, while longtime? Eagles?safety Brian Dawkins was in his second year of eligibility.??
Owens, who ranks third all-time in career receiving yards and receiving touchdowns, acknowledged his selection in a tweet prior to the official announcement at Saturday night's NFL awards show.
Longtime personnel executive Bobby Beathard (contributor) and seniors committee nominees Jerry Kramer and Robert Brazile were also voted into the Hall, according to sources.?
Lewis, who played his entire career with the Baltimore Ravens, was the most decorated of the group as a 13-time Pro Bowl selection, two-time Defensive Player of the Year and Super Bowl MVP.
"For 17 years, we could point to No. 52 and tell the other players: 'Follow his lead. Practice like Ray practices. Prepare like Ray prepares. Be a great teammate like him,'" Ravens general manager and executive vice president Ozzie Newsome said in a release from the team. "It was our privilege to have him as a Raven. We are all better for having him here. His play on gamedays speaks for itself.
"Even in that small group who have the honor of being a Hall of Famer, Ray stands out. When you talk about the great players of all time, no matter position, he is among the greatest of the great."
Moss, who played for five teams in his career, ranks second all-time in touchdown receptions with 156 and had eight 1,200-yard seasons in his career. He played seven full seasons and part of another in Minnesota, site of Super Bowl LII.?
The Hall of Fame's enshrinement ceremony will be Aug. 4 in Canton, Ohio.
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Homebuying in Huntington Beach in 2017's first three months could not keep pace with countywide sales advance.
How did the local residential real estate market start the year? Using CoreLogic data, we compared homebuying patterns from January to March from this year and 2016.
Sales in Huntington Beach fell as 432 residences sold in the past 12 months vs. 455 a year ago. That's a loss of 5.1 percent vs. a 3.5 percent increase countywide.
Neighborhood trends in Surf City from the report:
Huntington Beach ZIP code 92646 — 140 homes sold in the latest period vs. 138 one year ago. That's a sales gain of 1.4 percent. Median selling price of $669,500 vs. $670,250 last year, a loss of 0.1 percent.
Huntington Beach ZIP 92647 — 79 homes sold in the latest period vs. 90 one year ago. That's a sales loss of 12.2 percent. Median of $663,500 vs. $645,000 last year, a gain of 2.9 percent.
Huntington Beach ZIP 92648 — 115 homes sold flat vs. a year ago. Median of $860,000 vs. $850,000 a year ago, a gain of 1.2 percent.
Huntington Beach ZIP 92649 — 98 homes sold vs. 112 a year ago. That's a sales loss of 12.5 percent. Median of $742,000 vs. $741,000 a year ago, a gain of 0.1 percent.
And here are four countywide trends to ponder in the period vs. 2016:
1. By neighborhood, prices rose in 66 of 83 Orange County ZIP codes; sales rose in 50 ZIPs.
2. In the 27 least expensive ZIPs — where the highest median home price was $588,000 — 2,423 homes sold, up 5 percent. Sales rose in 70 percent of these ZIPs.
3. In the 27 priciest ZIPs — where the medians start at $742,000 — 2,630 homes sold, up 7.2 percent. Sales rose in 59 percent of these ZIPs.
4. Million-dollar ZIPs: 9 with 551 sales, up 13 percent vs. 10 million-dollar ZIPs a year ago.
DID YOU MISS? 1-in-5 Orange County home sales tops $1 million
AP Photo/Virginia Mayo
BRUSSELS (AP) — For Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, the next few days will be a reassurance tour with a twist. As much he'll tell allies the U.S. is committed to NATO, he also is expected to visit Europe with a hand out, hoping to secure bigger defense spending commitments and greater assistance in military campaigns in Afghanistan and elsewhere. Mattis also will field questions on national security adviser Michael Flynn's resignation over his pre-inauguration discussions with Russia, and what the change means for U.S. policy on Moscow. Speaking to reporters on the way to a NATO defense ministers' meeting, Mattis said Flynn's departure “has no effect at all” on him. “Frankly, this has no impact,” he said. “I haven't changed what I'm heading there for. It doesn't change my message at all. Who is on the president's staff is who I will work with. And so, you know, it's full speed ahead.” Mattis also reinforced earlier comments he's made on NATO's importance. Calling it “the most successful military alliance in history,” he told reporters on the plane that “our commitment remains to NATO.” But he said allies need to discuss increasing their military funding to the benchmark goal of 2 percent of gross domestic product. After spending his first official trip telling America's Asian allies they wouldn't be abandoned, Mattis is on a similar journey in Brussels and Munich this week, where he will have to address the mixed messages from President Donald Trump on the value of NATO before and after he took office. “I think there will be a lot of reassuring words spoken over the next week,” said Derek Chollet, a former senior defense official who is now senior adviser at the German Marshall Fund. Nations want Mattis to maintain the U.S. commitment to providing military support and troops to bolster Poland and the Baltics, who feel threatened by Russia, he said. While Mattis' words may provide some comfort, Chollet said: “It will leave the question: What does the president think? If anything, the sum total of all of this will just perpetuate the confusion.” Wednesday marks Mattis' first NATO meeting as defense secretary. During his Senate confirmation hearing last month, the retired Marine general said he wanted the U.S. to “maintain the strongest possible relationship with NATO.” With remarks such as those, Mattis has distanced himself from Trump's criticism of the military alliance and threats that the U.S. might not defend allies that don't fulfill their financial obligations as NATO members. Mattis, however, is aligned with Trump's call for the 27 NATO members to meet the defense spending requirement. Only a few are currently hitting the 2 percent mark, while the U.S. spends more on its armed forces than all the others combined. Washington also foots more than 22 percent of NATO's commonly funded budget. The U.S. also would like to see an increased NATO commitment in Afghanistan, where forces have been fighting the Taliban for more than 15 years, since the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks. Washington wants more trainers in Afghanistan, where about 8,400 American troops are still deployed. There also will be discussions about how to accelerate the newer, U.S.-led campaign to defeat the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria. Europe's leaders will first be looking for clarity from Mattis. They're still rattled by Trump's declarations that NATO is “obsolete” and his repeated praise for Russian President Vladimir Putin. Such comments have triggered fears Trump will ease sanctions imposed on Moscow after it annexed Ukraine's Crimea region in 2014 and supported an insurgency in eastern Ukraine. Another concern: lessened U.S. military support for eastern European allies near Russia's border who worry about being the next target. During his confirmation hearing, Mattis told senators that he has discussed NATO with the president and that Trump was “open” to changing his position. Among Mattis' first calls after Trump's inauguration was one to NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg. In recent weeks, Trump's public statements on NATO have softened somewhat. After meeting Trump, British Prime Minister Theresa May told reporters that he assured her he was “100 percent” behind NATO. A joint statement issued after Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel spoke by telephone said the two agreed on the “fundamental importance that the NATO alliance has for trans-Atlantic relations” and the need for all members to pay their fair share. Trump made similar comments in a call with French President Francois Hollande. Only four countries other than the U.S. – Britain, Estonia, Greece and Poland – are meeting NATO's spending target. Many are increasing their budgets in response to Russia's actions.
Comments
comments
PETOSKEY, Mich. (AP) — A northern Michigan woman has been sentenced up to 22½ years in prison for suffocating her infant daughter, her second criminal case in the death of a child.
The Petoskey News-Review reports 32-year-old Lisa Rae Bryan learned her punishment on Tuesday in Emmet County Circuit Court.
Bryan last month pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter. She was charged with second-degree murder in the 2016 death of her daughter, Isabella.
Bryan admitted that she was sleeping with Isabella close to her chest when the child died just weeks after birth.
In 2010, another infant died in Tulsa, Oklahoma, while Bryan was taking a bath with her. She served slightly more than a year in prison for second-degree manslaughter.
___
Information from: Petoskey News-Review, http://www.petoskeynews.com
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — After months of acrimonious campaigning, the capital of predominantly Muslim Indonesia on Wednesday faced a stark choice: elect an outspoken minority Christian who has made progress in cleaning up the chaotic city or heed the urgings of influential conservative clerics to vote in a Muslim.
The more than 13,000 polling booths closed at 1 p.m. and quick-count results based on a sample of the vote are expected in several hours. The election is one of dozens taking place across Indonesia. More than 7 million were eligible to vote in Jakarta, the capital.
Incumbent Gov. Basuki "Ahok" Tjahaja Purnama, an ethnic Chinese Christian on trial for alleged blasphemy, is vying against Agus Harimurti Yudhoyono, who is the son of a former president, and Anies Rasyid Baswedan, a moderate now courting the votes of conservative and hard-line Muslims.
Religion and race, rather than the slew of problems that face a car-clogged and sinking Jakarta, dominated the campaign and transformed the election into a high-stakes tussle between conservatives, who want Islam to be ascendant in politics and society, and moderates. Ahok's chances appeared dashed after blasphemy accusations led to criminal charges and trial but he has recently rebounded in opinion polls. If convicted, he faces up to five years in prison.
Hadiyul Umam, a civil servant, said voting for Ahok would go against everything he believes in.
"As a Muslim, I believe that non-Muslims are not allowed to lead Muslims in this country, and personally, I do not like the way Ahok leads, which is not pro-poor people and his words were disrespectful and rude," he said.
Ahok's blasphemy trial and the ease with which hard-liners attracted several hundred thousand to protest against him in Jakarta have undermined Indonesia's reputation for practicing a moderate form of Islam and shaken the centrist government of President Joko "Jokowi" Widodo.
Calls for Ahok to be killed and anti-Chinese sentiment were disturbing elements of the protests, one of which turned violent, with dozens injured and one person dying from the effects of tear gas.
Defeat for Ahok would also be a defeat for Indonesia's moderate political and religious leaders and further embolden hard-liners, who say a non-Muslim should not lead Muslims. The governorship is also seen as a launching pad into national politics and possibly the presidency.
There will be a runoff election in April if none of the candidates gets the 50 percent plus one vote required for an outright win. One scenario is that Ahok proceeds to the runoff but is defeated by anti-Ahok voters uniting behind the remaining Muslim candidate.
Jokowi voted in a neighborhood of central Jakarta and called for national unity.
"Differences of political choice should not to divide us," he said. "After this election, we want everything to be back as brothers, we all need to maintain our unity and integrity."
Ahok had been popular because of his drive to eliminate corruption from the Jakarta administration and his efforts to make the city more livable.
But brutal demolitions of some of the slum neighborhoods that are home to millions and ill-considered outspokenness proved to be his Achilles' heel. Opponents seized their moment last year when a video surfaced of Ahok telling voters they were being deceived if they believed a specific verse in the Quran prohibited Muslims from electing a non-Muslim as leader.
"I voted for Ahok because he is already showing results of real work and honesty," said Sriyana Dewi, as she left a polling booth with her 7-old-month son in a sling.
___
Associated Press writer Ali Kotarumalos contributed to this report.
Getty Image
This week, GOP Rep. Tim Murphy announced that he would not seek reelection in 2018 after serving as a conservative mainstay since 2003. The news arrived after reports that the married congressman from Pennsylvania — who voted in favor of the House's bill that would ban abortions after 20 weeks — had pressured his mistress to have an abortion. A day later, further developments at Murphy's Capitol Hill office led him to push up his retirement date to October 21. What happened?
The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette broke news of the surprise development, and Politico dug in with an in-depth report on the “culture of intimidation” within Murphy's office. According to staffers (some who went on-record with their names and others who chose to remain anonymous) within this report, Murphy and his longtime chief of staff, Susan Mosychuk, ran the office through a “reign of terror” that led to a “100-percent turnover rate.”
According to Politico's findings, Murphy and Mosychuk held a “close personal relationship” that was well-known to Murphy's GOP colleagues and staff alike. They both also reportedly favored menacing tactics. Further, Murphy was pushed by the GOP to retire immediately due to “his reported mistreatment” of staff, for his toxic working partnership with Mosychuk has apparently been “the topic of gossip and speculation for years.” Politico doesn't dive into any specific allegations against Murphy other than being generally awful, but Mosychuk's named tactics included verbal abuse and more:
Murphy's office did not respond to the allegations of Mosychuk's alleged verbal abuse of former workers. Some said they've gone to therapy or that it took years to rebuild their self-confidence. “I tried to forget all of it because it was so horrible,” said one former Murphy employee. “Screaming was an everyday thing. The manipulation and the mind games. … Everybody in that office was depressed.” Another former staffer called it a “culture of intimidation” while a third said, “It took me a long time to have any confidence in myself.”
There's much more to the report, including how staffers used a white-noise machine to drown out all the screaming so that visiting constituents wouldn't hear the ruckus. One former staffer, Nick Rodondo, stated that Murphy's office was “one of the worst places” he'd ever worked for, and not only that, but Rodondo said that he even saw — on multiple occasions — Murphy and Mosychuk “feed[ing] each other at events.” You can read the full Politico piece here — it sounds like we haven't heard the end of this adventure.
(Via Politico & Pittsburgh Post-Gazette)
From now until June 4th, you can snag the Onyx version of the console for a reduced price of $199 or bundle it with a joystick for $229. Thereafter, those price points will jump to $249 and $279. You can also get the Onyx console with both the joystick and the modern controller for $319. Separately, the joystick is priced at $29 and the modern controller at $49. Or you can get both for $59.
If you want the retro-looking wood-panelled Collector's Edition version of the Atari VCS, you can get it with the joystick for $299 until June 11th. It's also available until that time bundled with the joystick and the modern controller for $339.
Atari has also been working on getting developers on board and announced partnerships with 14 studios today including Eden Games, Code Mystics, React Games, Monster Games and Petroglyph Games. What those partnerships will produce, however, is unclear as no games have been announced. Atari COO Michael Arzt told Forbes that more partners will be announced between now and when the console is ready to ship.
Atari says it plans to ship the console in early 2019, but the release of the VCS has been hit with a significant amount of delays already. That hasn't prevented people from jumping on board though since as of writing, the company had raised nearly $1.2 million in just over an hour and a half.
Utah lawmakers balked again this year at joining more than half of all U.S. states and passing a broad medical marijuana law.
Instead, they gave state colleges and other institutions a green light to study the medical impacts of the drug with the hope of having comprehensive data by next year.
The move, however, glossed over the fact that the studies would likely take years, requiring scientists to navigate layers of bureaucracy that can delay and even discourage research.
The slowdown is due to marijuana being considered a Schedule I drug by the federal government, meaning it's listed along with heroin and peyote among the most dangerous drugs.
No other U.S. state is taking the research-before-legislation route because they realize it is futile, said Jahan Marcu of Americans for Safe Access, a national medical cannabis advocacy group.
"It's never been shown to work in the past, so we are not confident that it's going to serve the needs of patients," he said of the process.
A recent report from the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine recommended that the gaps in understanding medical cannabis be filled through a national research agenda.
Karen Wilcox, chair of the University of Utah's pharmacology and toxicology department, has spent about 18 months studying how cannabidiol — a derivative of cannabis — can affect seizures. The application process alone took six months.
"It just takes a lot of time and effort to fill out all the paperwork," she said. "It's a nightmare."
Resident Doug Rice said Utah's research-before-legislation approach means his daughter, who has a genetic condition, is missing out on the one drug that completely eliminates her frequent seizures.
The wait for legalization has sent Rice on regular trips to Colorado to get cannabis to treat his 24-year-old daughter Ashley.
Nearly every drug they've tried, including cannabidiol, has failed to stop all of her seizures. Rice said the only time his daughter has a completely seizure free day is when he takes her to Colorado, where marijuana is legal, and gives her cannabis twice a day.
"Epilepsy is a deadly disease," he said. "Every seizure takes away a little bit of her brain."
Lawmakers and advocates have pushed for the drug to be declassified and grouped with such drugs as cocaine and opiates, which have medical uses but are still illegal for recreational use.
The change could make it easier to study and prescribe marijuana, but the Obama administration decided against it last year.
Researchers now have to file applications with multiple federal agencies before they can request cannabis products from a university in Mississippi that remains the country's sole source of pot for federally approved research.
Ethan Russo, medical director at the clinical research organization Phytecs, is working on a Johns Hopkins University research project on how components of cannabis impact mood and memory. He said the research team submitted the proposal about a year ago and is still working to get funding approval from the National Institute on Drug Abuse.
So far, there are a handful of projects being considered at the University of Utah, including how cannabidiol impacts people who have autism and anxiety and its effect on post-traumatic stress disorder. But it will likely take years before any of those studies are completed.
Steven Gust of the National Institute on Drug Abuse, said the application process keeps patients safe, and is the same for researchers who want to study any controlled substance.
It usually takes about two-and-a-half months to get a U.S. Food and Drug Administration application approved and complete the registration process with the Drug Enforcement Administration, according to agencies' websites.
Researchers may also be expected to complete the National Institute of Health review process, which the agency said can take about 10 months if the researchers are requesting funding.
The Food and Drug Administration announced last year it was going to expand the number of entities that can legally grow marijuana for research purposes to make it easier for researchers.
But so far no institutions have signed on, according to Gust.
The University of Mississippi grows about 120 plants in its indoor facility, each of which takes about four months to mature, said Mahmoud ElSohly, a pharmaceutics professor at the University of Mississippi Research Institute.
Utah already allows cannabidiol to be used by people with severe epilepsy, as long as they obtain it from other states. The extract has low levels of THC, the chemical responsible for most of marijuana's psychological effects.
Lewis has spent the last nine years as the head coach for women's basketball at Cumberland, compiling a 150-116 record, and the last 17 years at Cumberland as a player, graduate assistant, full-time assistant coach or head coach with the men's and women's programs. He has been a part of eight of Cumberland's 11 NAIA National Tournament appearances in school history between the two programs, including all three for the men and five of the eight for the women.
Lewis replaces Lonnie Thompson, who retired in late February after 16 years with the Cumberland program. The Phoenix posted an 11-18 overall record in 2017-18, including 11 losses to Mid-South Conference opponents, nine of those by a combined 48 points, as well as a 5-10 mark against ranked opponents.
“Jeremy Lewis has been a big part of the winning traditions in both the men's and women's basketball programs at Cumberland as a player and coach,” Pavan said. “He understands the culture of the program as well as the Mid-South Conference. We feel like he will do an outstanding job.”
The Hendersonville native just completed his ninth season as head coach for the Phoenix women, posting a 20-12 record and reaching the NAIA National Tournament for the fourth time in six seasons. The Phoenix also played in the national tournament in 2013, 2015 and 2016.
Lewis led the program to one of the most successful years in school history in 2012-13, finishing 33-3 overall and No. 4 in the final rankings, the most wins in school history. The Phoenix won the Mid-South Conference regular season and tournament titles and reached the NAIA Fab Four for the second time in program annals.
He was voted Mid-South Conference and Women's Basketball Coaches Association Russell Athletic/Region 5 Coach of the Year during the campaign. Cumberland made its first appearance in the NAIA National Tournament since 2007.
“Ron gave me the opportunity to become a head coach nine years ago with the women's program, and that time and experience has been invaluable,” Lewis said. “Coaching the men's team brings different challenges, but I have the same set of winning expectations moving forward. I was a part of winning teams as a player and coach and want to bring the program back to that level of excellence.”
Four different players have garnered six All-America honors under Lewis' tutelage, including Jessica Pace, Nicole Bowers (twice), Chelsey Hall (twice) and Casie Cowan, while the Phoenix have earned 21 All-Conference honors during his nine seasons as head coach. In addition, 41 players have been named Academic All-Conference with eight posting NAIA Scholar-Athlete accolades.
Before becoming the women's head coach, Lewis served four seasons as a full-time assistant for coach Lonnie Thompson and the Cumberland men's team. During his four seasons as an assistant coach, the Phoenix compiled a 68-56 overall mark, including 46-18 in the final two seasons with consecutive trips to the NAIA National Tournament in 2008 and 2009.
Lewis spent three seasons as the starting point guard at Cumberland from 2002-04 before he served one season as a graduate assistant for the Phoenix women's basketball staff in 2005, which reached the NAIA National Tournament with a 26-9 record. As a player he was named Honorable Mention All-Conference as a junior and senior and garnered NAIA Scholar-Athlete and Academic All-Conference accolades as a senior. He was the starting point guard on Cumberland's team that reached the Round of 16 and won the TranSouth Conference regular season championship in 2004.
Still on the Matter: AY Makun just reminded us why this issue is so much bigger than Kemen
by Soma Oj. It's interesting to see how divided society is over the Kemen/TBoss business. By society, we mean the…
Read » Still on the Matter: AY Makun just reminded us why this issue is so much bigger than Kemen on YNaija
This post was syndicated from YNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Intercepted 661 Rifles: FG arraigns 2 Customs officers, 3 clearing agents
Akin Kuponiyi The Attorney General of the Federation on Wednesday arraigned five men alleged to have imported arms and ammunition into Nigeria without lawful authority before a Federal high court sitting in Lagos. The accused men who were clearing agents and customs officers are Mahmud Hassan, Oscar Okafor, Donatus Achinulo, Matthew Okoye, said be at large, and Salihu Danjuma were alleged to have conspired together to import 661 pump action rifles into the country. In a nine count criminal charge number FHC/L/190C/17 filed before the court by the office of Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, It was alleged that the accused brought the rifles into the country from Turkey through the Apapa Port in Lagos, using a 40-feet container, which they falsely claimed contained steel doors.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
#BBNaija: Basketmouth defends Cee-C, says there's a Cee-C in every woman
Basketmouth has come out to defend BBNaija housemate, Cee-C. He spoke on criticisms targeted at her for raining insults at Tobi.
Recall that Cee-C while in the house got some negative reactions from viewers after she hurled serious insults at Tobi for gossiping about her with other housemates.
However, Basketmouth in a video on Goldmyne Tv said every woman would behave the same way as Cee-c , adding that there is a Cee-c in every woman out there.
In the video, he said:
“Everywhere, I hear people complaining that Cee-c could not win because she insulted Tobi.
“How dare you people insult her because she insulted a man, the same thing she did, every woman would do. Unfortunately camera no dey everybody houses.
“There is a Cee-c in every woman.”
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post #BBNaija: Basketmouth defends Cee-C, says there's a Cee-C in every woman appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Former 2 term cave spring supervisor in Roanoke County intends to seek the Democratic nomination for the 6th district congressional seat. Charlotte Moore is expected to officially announce on Tuesday at the South County Library. She needs 1,000 signatures by March 29th. There will be a June primary. At least 2 candidates have announced so far.
There is a CeeC in every woman- Basketmouth – Vanguard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
FIRS generates N1.17tn in three months – The Punch
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
We've all seen it. Someone gets on their high horse to criticize an idea, not even realizing their criticism proves the same idea exactly. It's 2016 after all; irony knows no bounds. Today we have yet another shining example in the punditry.
Anthony Bourdain, CNN host and global foodie, is being celebrated for a short, but wide-eyed interview at Reason where he addresses political correctness and bubble-dwelling in the Age of Trump.
The utter contempt with which privileged Eastern liberals such as myself discuss red-state, gun-country, working-class America as ridiculous and morons and rubes is largely responsible for the upswell of rage and contempt and desire to pull down the temple that we're seeing now. I've spent a lot of time in gun-country, God-fearing America. There is a hell of a lot of nice people out there, who are doing what everyone else in this world is trying to do: the best they can to get by, and take care of themselves and the people they love. When we deny them their basic humanity and legitimacy of their views, however different they may be than ours, when we mock them at every turn, and treat them with contempt, we do no one any good. Nothing nauseates me more than preaching to the converted. The self-congratulatory tone of the privileged left—just repeating and repeating and repeating the outrages of the opposition—this does not win hearts and minds. It doesn't change anyone's opinions. It only solidifies them, and makes things worse for all of us. We should be breaking bread with each other, and finding common ground whenever possible. I fear that is not at all what we've done.
Indeed.
But as is inevitable in our modern effort to out-care each other, that kind of open-handed tolerance for our fellow man is a bridge too far for some.
Jamelle Bouie, the brilliant Slate and CBS contributor, is having none of it, in a series of tweets this afternoon.
It is a conversation among and about white people, that dismisses racism as a potential interest, or at least, treats it as irrelevant. — Jamelle Bouie (@jbouie) December 29, 2016
As soon as you acknowledge that places Bourdain talks about includes black and brown people (and liberal whites) the conceit falls apart. — Jamelle Bouie (@jbouie) December 29, 2016
Come on.
First of all, Bouie ignores his target. Anthony Bourdain is not a Trump conservative attempting to excuse the views of the president-elect and his voters in a naive Kumbaya ritual. (Nor am I.)
He is a liberal, one who has spent his career traveling the globe to bring unique cultures to American audiences. That doesn't make him immune from racism, or race-insensitivity, of course, but it does mean the burden of proof is a lot higher than two paragraphs in an interview that don't mention it.
More ironically, Bourdain actually does mention race in the interview, in the paragraph immediately preceding what Bouie quoted.
The way we demonize comedians for use of language or terminology is unspeakable. Because that's exactly what comedians should be doing, offending and upsetting people, and being offensive. Comedy is there, like art, to make people uncomfortable, and challenge their views, and hopefully have a spirited yet civil argument. If you're a comedian whose bread and butter seems to be language, situations, and jokes that I find racist and offensive, I won't buy tickets to your show or watch you on TV. I will not support you. If people ask me what I think, I will say you suck, and that I think you are racist and offensive. But I'm not going to try to put you out of work. I'm not going to start a boycott, or a hashtag, looking to get you driven out of the business.
But he's clearly agnostic on race issues…
Race is important; it isn't the only important thing. We should be able to discuss other issues momentarily, even for two whole paragraphs, without being accused of ignoring the plight of people of color.
Anthony Bourdain of all people is not excusing racism among “red-state, gun-country, working-class America”. He's saying we should stop looking down our noses at people, racist or not, and instead look at them and have a dialogue.
Accepting the humanity and agency of people with whom we disagree on most issues does not mean we have to accept their views on those issues. On the contrary, we should vocally and vehemently disagree with anyone, on our side or the other, red state or blue, when they are wrong.
But we can do it constructively and humanely, yes, even with those we feel are inhumane. Daryl Davis provides a perfect example.
Undoubtedly a black blues singer from Chicago thinks the KKK is among the worst parts of our country. But instead of collectively denouncing them, mocking them, or dehumanizing them as they do him, he has spent decades befriending them. The fruits of his unexpected efforts? Hundreds of mothballed white hoods.
Davis has shown over 200 cross-burning white supremacists that black people are their equal simply by treating them as his. Now that's living outside the bubble.
Epidemic at the Office? Businesses Deal with Drug Abuse
After a troubled youth himself, Phillip Cohen made it a practice to hire people at his woodworking business who have also struggled with addiction and mental health issues. But when an employee died from a drug overdose, he adopted a zero-tolerance policy.
"I think I have saved lives," says the owner of Cohen Architectural Woodworking in St. James, Missouri -- an area hit very hard by the nation's growing opioid epidemic. Opioids range from prescription pain medicine like oxycodone to illegal drugs like heroin.
Cohen still hires former drug addicts, felons and people who have been traumatized in life. One person, now a top employee, was hired right after he finished drug rehabilitation. Another used to sell illegal drugs. Still, Cohen says, if a worker fails a periodic random drug or alcohol test, "we'll fire them on the spot."
The epidemic of drug use -- a report from the surgeon general last year said that 20 million Americans have a substance use disorder -- is forcing many small business owners to think about what they would do if they suspect an employee is abusing drugs or alcohol.
Between 1999 and 2015 the number of overdose deaths from opioids and heroin quadrupled, the National Institute on Drug Abuse says. The government also reported more than 15 million adults with what's called alcohol use disorder in 2015.
Over 70 percent of employers with 50 or more workers have been affected by prescription drugs, according to a survey released this year by the National Safety Council. But more than 80 percent don't have a comprehensive drug-free workplace policy.
Although Cohen understood the dangers of drugs and knew that some staffers had a history of substance abuse, he wasn't prepared when a worker overdosed in 2010, three days after the staffer attended a leadership conference.
"I didn't care what people did at first," says Cohen, whose workers use saws and other potentially dangerous machinery to create reception desks, cabinets and furniture for businesses, schools and health care facilities. But the devastating death of an employee prompted him to hire an attorney to write a tough drug policy that workers must read and sign.
"You have to draw the line somewhere," says Cohen, who also brings in counselors and people who run support groups to help staffers who are struggling with personal problems.
Many small business owners don't think ahead and create a written policy on alcohol and substance abuse, says employment law attorney Shira Forman. That forces them to be reactive, trying to figure out what to do when presented with an employee who shows up drunk, high or hung over, whose work is suffering or who causes an accident.
"It's often not something that an employer knows how to deal with until they're confronted with a scenario," says Forman, who works at Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton in New York.
Having a policy in place doesn't make it easier for a boss to confront a staffer they believe to have a drug or alcohol problem. It's hard on an emotional level, especially if the employee denies there's an issue and gets angry. But there can also be legal questions that must be considered before an owner broaches the topic.
While a staffer's behavior might seem to point to a substance abuse problem, it's often not a clear-cut situation, says Michael Schmidt, an employment law attorney with Cozen O'Connor in New York. An employee may have a prescription for opioids, and therefore be protected by federal, state or local laws. A staffer might have shaking hands, a sign of possible alcohol withdrawal but also a symptom of anxiety or a condition like Parkinson's disease.
Even when it's clear that the problem is due to drugs or alcohol, many owners seek help from a lawyer or HR professional. David Grant was taken by surprise when an employee at his public relations company told him that a co-worker had gotten drunk at a lunch with a client.
Grant turned to his human resources provider and a consultant on dealing with alcoholics.
"It was a world I don't know anything about," says Grant, whose eponymous company is based in New York. "I was aware of how litigious everyone is, so I did it by the book."
Grant's HR provider had created a substance abuse policy that he followed. He told the staffer she had a choice: go into rehabilitation treatment for a month or be fired. She chose treatment, which Grant paid for. He also warned she'd be dismissed if it happened again. And it did; a few weeks after she returned to work she was again drunk at a client lunch.
"I fired her instantly," Grant says. He had to follow some painful advice from his consultants: "You can't back off. You can't be a nice guy."
At Abbey Research, a market research firm based in Philadelphia, the substance abuse policy calls for employees to be suspended if they fail a random drug test or tell management they have a drug problem.
Their jobs will be held until they pass a drug test, since the company wants to give people a second chance, says Kristen Donnelly, who is in charge of human resources. But if they fail a second time, they'll be fired.
The company, which seeks to help people who are struggling economically and personally, is located in a neighborhood where drug use has taken a toll. Two staffers have been suspended and then fired for drug use in the 18 months since Donnelly has headed HR.
But even afterward, the company has helped them find resources aimed at getting them back on their feet. "First and foremost they're human beings, and they're human beings with a disease," Donnelly says.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
LAKEWOOD, N.J. (AP) — Comedian Nick Cannon says he won't apologize for his performance during a New Jersey Catholic university's homecoming weekend.
Officials at Georgian Court University, in Lakewood, say Cannon disregarded the terms of his contract and “crossed the line” with offensive words that do not represent the school's core values, The Asbury Park Press reported .
“I'm sorry your university doesn't believe in freedom of speech!!!” responded Cannon on Tuesday via Twitter.
Cannon was asked “to avoid vulgarity and explicit sexual content” because Saturday's show was expected to draw older alumni, university President Joseph Marbach said in a statement.
Marbach acknowledged the role comedy plays in conversations about social issues, but disagreed with the content of Cannon's performance.
“While comedy often explores serious social issues in ways that are fun and thought-provoking, Mr. Cannon's act crossed the line. His words were offensive and do not represent our Mercy core values. For that, we are deeply sorry, and the university has demanded an official apology from the artist and his representatives,” said Marbach.
Some students posted on social media that the show was a success.
Fallout over the Georgian Court University show isn't the first time Cannon's jokes were met with opposition. The 36-year-old comedian alleges he left America's Got Talent after being threatened with repercussions for making a racial joke about NBC.
A university spokeswoman declined to say how much Cannon was paid for the comedy show.
___
Information from: Asbury Park (N.J.) Press, http://www.app.com
The Sinner star and her singer hubby strolled their NYC neighborhood on a rare day off. Of course they were stylin'. (Photo: BrosNYC/BACKGRID)
When political leaders — and their backers — treat those with differing viewpoints as enemies, it's only a matter of time before violence ensues. The shooting of House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-La., and four others at a charity baseball game practice just outside Washington, D.C., is an exclamation point on the escalating vitriol in American politics today — and its horrendous consequences.
America's political environment ought not lead to violence but it has, and it should be taken as a national wakeup call. The tone of political rhetoric has to change and that must start at the top. Both political parties must take responsibility for sowing the seeds of contempt and opening the door for political extremism.
It's not the first time in recent memory that political angst and the harshness of words from both Democrats and Republicans incited violence. In 2011, a time of a similar swell in political animosity, then-Congresswoman Gabby Giffords and 18 other people were shot at an event in Tucson, Ariz. The shooting occurred as public spats between then-President Obama and congressional Republicans intensified over health care reform and other policies.
Even since then there has been marked increase in political rancor and polarization.
America's political environment has become so tainted that even words of condolence from across the aisle are met with extremism. After the news of the shooting broke, Giffords took to her Twitter account and wrote: “My heart is with my former colleagues, their families & staff, and the US Capitol Police- public servants and heroes today and every day,”
Her tweet was met with much praise but also glaring examples of how ugly political discourse has become. One response to her tweet read: “Republicans getting shot and/or killed by the guns they fight for and protect. #SorryNotSorry.” Another Twitter user responded: “Why don't you blame all these democrats who are stirring their crazies up, this is their fault!” It's not just Twitter; log on to Facebook any day and you will get a similar view of modern political dialogue.
Social media platforms are not to blame, though. They just help illustrate a much deeper problem.
Over the last 10 years, the national political landscape changed. An “us versus them” mentality has emerged and pervaded the mainstream political parties in the United States. The prevailing view isn't that the members of the opposing political party are well-intentioned but wrong. It's that they are ill-intentioned and evil.
Reinforcing this approach is imagery. During the Obama presidency, troubling photos emerged of critics hanging the president in effigy, and today we see images of President Donald Trump's decapitated head in photo shoots or bloodied body on stage.
Much of the political rhetoric and approach from both sides serves to divide the nation rather than unite it. The political strategy has become to simplify politics by casting one side as the hero and one side as the villain. It's a political strategy that wins elections but hurts the long-term fabric of a democracy.
There are countless examples of politicians using vilification and demagoguery to garner political support in recent campaigns: Hillary Clinton referring to Republicans as her enemy in the Democratic primary debate; Mitt Romney's infamous “47 percent” quip; Obama casting the 1 percent as the enemy of the American public, and Trump's rhetoric on immigration and any number of other issues.
The problem is compounded when cable news networks sensationalize politics and present it as entertainment; the base and financial backers of the Democratic Party incentivizes politicians to move further leftward while the base and financial backers of the GOP push is further rightward; collegiality and compromise in Congress are viewed as selling out, and politicians seem more interested in scoring political points, riling up the public and getting more “likes” and “followers” on social media than working with their colleagues to solve big problems.
Of course the unintended consequences of such behavior is that our political leaders and thus our country has gone down a path of otherization, that is to treat those with whom you don't agree as deficient, inhuman or alien. As we dehumanize our neighbors we strip them of their humanity, making violence more palatable.
America has many public policy challenges ahead, but they won't be addressed sufficiently until we face our political problems. The tone and tenor of politics has to change. It starts with our leaders in Washington but it ends with how we treat each other in person and online.
Brian Calle is Opinion Editor for the Southern California News Group.
Marysville's varsity tennis team won its final regular season match of the season on Wednesday.
For the full story, Subscribe To Our E-edition.
Comments
comments
Sally Spears Stair, age 78 of Clinton was reunited with her sweet son, husband, and mother on Saturday, February 11, 2017. She retired from Briarcliff Healthcare Center as an LPN in 2014. Sally found the Joy in all things, and she walked life without judgement. The warmth that existed within her heart was powerful enough to cure all the worlds of hurt and her quilting could cover the surface. She'll be forever remembered for her amazing strength and genuine acceptance. Preceded in death by husband, Gilbert “Foozie” Stair; son, Mark Reece Stair; mother, Lois Anderson Greene.
Sally is survived by:
Granddaughter………… Stefanie Stair of Clinton
Daughter……………… Dreama Stair of Clinton
Daughter-in-law….. Carla Goins & husband Jeff of Knoxville
Several loving nieces, nephews, and special friends
The family will receive friends from 5:00-7:00 pm, Saturday, February 18, 2017 at Holley Gamble Funeral Home with a Celebration of Life service to follow in the chapel. In lieu of flowers the family requests memorials be made to St. Jude Hospital. Holley Gamble Funeral Home in Clinton is in charge of all arrangements. www.holleygamble.com
Jered Korfhage
Welcome to Week to Wheelin' 2017! Wake up and smell the Jeep parts. We have one week to bring this beaten '07 JK from rotted-out raccoon paradise to mud slingin' rock-wranglin' trail-taming machine.
The Jeep up on the lift awaiting modification
We're here on Day 1, laying out all of our parts, formulating a plan, and getting excited for what this '07 Wranglers will look like by the end of the week. The entire crew is on deck turning wrenches and taking pictures as we start tearing into the Jeep.
Rick Péwé rousing the troops for the Week to Wheelin' version of a Driver's Meeting
Some of the parts laid out across the shop floor include:
New Dynatrac axles
37-inch Falken Wildpeak tires
Rusty's suspension kit
Rusty's rock sliders
Rusty's bumpers
Rusty's tire carrier
J.W. Speaker headlamps
ComeUp Gen2 Seal winch
EBC brakes
Rail Rocker system from Painless Wiring
Hood tie-downs from Drake Automotive
Procar seats
Vent hoses from Earl's Hoses
TrailDash system from Superchips
Carroll Shelby wheels
Rampage soft top
Headers and exhaust from Hooker
Body lift from Energy Suspension
As far as we know now, the parts will go on as planned, but stay tuned to our Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and website for the gritty details of how the build plays out. Also, check out the behind the scenes look at Day 1 in the photo gallery below!
Contrary to what many people believe, the lone star tick does not spread Lyme disease, researchers report.
Contrary to what many people believe, the lone star tick does not spread Lyme disease, researchers report.
Lone star ticks won't give you lyme, but can still make you sick
Lone star ticks won't give you lyme, but can still make you sick
While the overall smoking rate has plummeted among Americans, some smokers still struggle with the habit, a new report shows.
While the overall smoking rate has plummeted among Americans, some smokers still struggle with the habit, a new report shows.
A goal like having a flat stomach may give you the initial impetus to start exercising, but may not be enough to keep you on track.
A goal like having a flat stomach may give you the initial impetus to start exercising, but may not be enough to keep you on track.
Migraine sufferers might have to worry about more than just dealing with debilitating headaches.
Migraine sufferers might have to worry about more than just dealing with debilitating headaches.
Many U.S. veterans of the Afghanistan and Iraq wars aren't getting needed mental health treatment for conditions such as post-traumatic stress disorder, depression or substance abuse, a national panel of experts says.
Many U.S. veterans of the Afghanistan and Iraq wars aren't getting needed mental health treatment for conditions such as post-traumatic stress disorder, depression or substance abuse, a national panel of experts says.
(HealthDay News) -- Many U.S. veterans of the Afghanistan and Iraq wars aren't getting needed mental health treatment for conditions such as post-traumatic stress disorder, depression or substance abuse, a national panel of experts says.
Female vets may be at special risk of missing out on services, the report found.
The survey found that about half of all veterans of the Iraq/Afghanistan conflicts who may require mental health care do not use U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) or non-VA services, according to a new report from the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine.
The congressionally mandated report cites two primary reasons for this gap: The VA does not have sufficient resources, or veterans don't know how to access VA mental health care.
"The VA needs to make high-quality mental health care consistently and predictably available at every facility for all veterans," said report committee chair Alicia Carriquiry in a National Academies news release.
The panel recommended that the VA aim to become "a reliable provider of high-quality mental health care services" within three to five years.
The good news: The VA provides mental health care that's comparable or better than care offered by private and non-VA public providers, according to the report. But it also says there is significant variation in accessibility and quality of services across the VA health system.
That leaves many of the 4 million U.S. service members who've been in Afghanistan or Iraq without required mental health services.
The survey also found that more than half of veterans who screened positive for a mental health problem did not believe they needed mental health treatment.
For those who could use VA mental health care but haven't sought it, the report cites lack of awareness as a key reason: They don't know how to apply for VA mental health care benefits; they are unsure whether they are eligible; or they are unaware that VA offers these benefits.
Compared to men, women veterans are much more likely to believe they are not entitled to VA mental health services, according to the report.
Other barriers include lack of transportation and inconvenience of treatment locations; concerns about taking time off from work; and fears that discrimination could jeopardize contact with or custody of their children, or lead to a loss of medical or disability benefits.
Also, many vets who know that VA mental health services are available said it's difficult to access those services.
On the other hand, many veterans who receive VA mental health care give it high marks.
"As the nation's largest provider of mental health care services, the VA system has a unique and unparalleled opportunity to address the mental health care needs of veterans in a truly integrated and strategic manner," said Carriquiry, a professor of liberal arts and sciences at Iowa State University.
What's needed? A comprehensive plan for improving "timely access" to care, hiring and retaining skilled staff, expanding virtual care technologies, and overcoming barriers such as lack of parking, the report recommended.
Adequate office space and staffing could reduce wait times, lessen clinician burnout, improve the reliability of treatment, and increase adherence to clinical practice guidelines, the report concluded.
The National Academies' mission is to provide independent, objective advice to the nation.
More information
The VA has more on mental health.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Freezing weather continues hit the North East with temperatures set plummet to as low as -4C, according to the Met Office.
In South Shields and Sunderland this morning the Met Office has reported temperatures as low as -3C, with temperatures in Hartlepool remaining similarly freezing at -2C.
Hartlepool Marina in the snow. Photo by Ashley Foster.
A widespread frost will affect the region at first, with temperatures struggling to climb above freezing during the day, although the maximum temperature will remain bitterly cold at 1C.
For the rest of the day it is expected to be a mainly dry but very cold, with periods of winter sunshine, although some wintry showers could affect eastern parts.
Tonight people should brace themselves for a widespread frost again developing across the region.
Some wintry showers will persist along the coast through much of the night, but easing by dawn and temperatures will drop -4C.
Snowy weather at the North Marine Park in South Shields. Photo by Suzanne Douglass.
Tuesday will also be frosty but then a largely dry, fine, but cold day with bright or sunny spells and a maximum temperature of 2C.
For the rest of the week, from Wednesday to Friday, it is expected to be milder but windy with some rain, with brisk winds set for Friday.
Meanwhile in Chillingham Barns, Northumberland temperatures droped as low as -11.6C
And across the country the severe weather has brought disruption to flights, with dozens cancelled at Heathrow, and train services are also likely to be impacted.
Photo by reader Suzanne Douglass captures snowy scenes in South Shields.
Western Power Distribution said engineers worked through the night as they aimed to restore power to 10,000 home in the Midlands, South Wales and South West.
As a result of the snow and freezing conditions, Birmingham City Council has been forced to cancel all council-run school and related transport services on Monday, the authority said.
More than 200 schools will be closed in Gloucestershire, and more than 100 in Shropshire.
In Wales, 71 schools are closed in Flintshire, 11 in Wrexham and 49 in Denbighshire.
Pete Williams, the RAC's road safety spokesman, said they are expecting 11,000 breakdowns on Monday, a figure which is 20% above the seasonal norm.
"I think the big thing is people are not going to leave enough time," he said.
"Journeys will take two to three times longer.
"It's going to be treacherous driving conditions."
He said low overnight temperatures could cause black ice and urged people to drive slowly, leaving plenty of space between them and the car in front.
SAN DIEGO (AP) — Federal immigration authorities have formalized the practice of sending deportation agents to federal, state and local courthouses to make arrests, dismissing complaints from judges and advocacy that it instills fear among crime victims, witnesses and family members.
Wednesday's directive from U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement said it will enter courthouses only to capture specific targets, like convicted criminals, gang members, public safety threats and immigrants who have been previously deported or ordered to leave. Family, friends and witnesses won't be picked up for deportation but ICE leaves a caveat for "special circumstances."
The policy, signed by ICE acting director Thomas Homan, says immigration agents should generally avoid arrests in non-criminal areas of the court, like family court and small claims, unless it has supervisor approval.
By Chofamba Sithole
The crunching cash shortages in Zimbabwe are the source of much frustration and inconvenience. For those in the diaspora, especially, it is disappointing that after sending one's loved ones cash to meet crucial obligations, they are not always able to access it on demand and have to miss important payments as a result.
This unhelpful situation is the function of the prevailing cash crisis, a very unusual situation where – of all things – money runs out while supermarkets are stacked with all manner of consumer goods. Banks have reduced daily withdrawal limits to ridiculously low levels – no more than $50 for some – and accessing this isn't guaranteed even after spending the night in a queue.
Apart from streamlining daily cash withdrawals, banks as well as the government continue to encourage wider use of electronic or digital payment platforms. Adversity is said to be the mother of invention and innovation, and in Zimbabwe's case many are seeing a perfect opportunity for Zimbabwe to fully welcome the latest technological developments and become a cashless society.
Mobile money stands out in this regard as the most pervasive digital platform in the country. As the technology website Techzim put it recently, “Less than a year ago, the idea that one could make all their payments with their phone or bank card was a distant reality. Everything has changed in just a few months. The only cash payments people still need to make are just for public transport (kombis), small grocery items at tuckshops, and veggies at community vegetable stalls (musika) and maybe, increasingly, DStv.”
This reality bodes well for Zimbabweans in the diaspora, who can now enjoy the ability to remit funds and pay for goods and services using the new Ecocash Home Wallet app. The app allows Zimbabweans abroad to use Ecocash as though they were in Zimbabwe. So rather than remit cash, which one's recipient may not access quickly enough to make urgent payments such as electricity bills, rent or mortgages, school or college fees and so on, one can make the payments directly from abroad.
Econet Group's fintech subsidiary, Cassava (formerly Chitoro), unveiled the product in London a few months ago, calling it ‘a first in the world of remittances between the UK and Zimbabwe'. Cassava is the company through which all EcoCash mobile money services are managed across Africa.
For the first time ever, Zimbabweans in the diaspora are now able to take direct control of how the money they remit to Zimbabwe is used. They can sign up for the EcoCash mobile money service via the Ecocash Home Wallet app, and link it to their UK mobile number.
The app is available for download on the Google Play Store and Apple Store. Once registered, a user in the UK will be able to top up their Home Wallet through a debit or credit card or bank transfer, which will allow them to send money home and perform all other transactions available on EcoCash in Zimbabwe such as pay bills, pay merchants, or buy airtime.
In the words of Natalie Jabangwe-Morris, General Manager for EcoCash Zimbabwe, “Gone are the days of having to queue at a high street shop to send money home, wait for several days for the money transfer to go through, and then rely on someone to handle other transactions in Zimbabwe on your behalf such as paying for school fees or any other projects back home. Regrettably, in such scenarios, we have heard of many instances where the money ends up being misappropriated. This is where the EcoCash Home Wallet comes in handy as the customer not only gets access to a remittance capability, but also gets direct control over how the funds will be used downstream.”
The app's capability covers all major payments that people need to make, limiting the need for cash mainly to those products and services that are provided by small neighbourhood retailers and the informal sector. And so, as Zimbabwe continues to grapple with the cash crisis, a new culture of cashless transactions is fast taking hold.
The beauty of the technologies being made available as solutions to this challenge is their inclusivity. Not only has mobile money allowed the previously unbanked in Zimbabwe to come into the banking system and be able to transact freely, but with the Ecocash Home Wallet app, even the diaspora can transact as though they were in the country and enjoy direct control over their funds.
To sign up for the Ecocash Home Wallet service, visit https://www.cassavaremit.com/ecocash/united-kingdom/sign-up/.
Though prostitution was legalized in the Netherlands in 2000, it's still not considered a regular job.
LeBron James had 25 points, 14 assists and eight rebounds to turn back a charge from Andrew Wiggins and help the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 116-108 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday night.
Channing Frye had 21 points and 10 rebounds while starting for All-Star Kevin Love, who will miss at least the next six weeks after having surgery on his left knee. Kyre Irving scored 25 points for the Cavs and James sealed the victory with a stepback 3-pointer with two minutes to play.
Wiggins scored 41 points against the team that drafted him and Karl-Anthony Towns scored 26 for the Wolves, who finished a six-game homestand at 2-4. The Wolves allowed Cleveland to shoot 51 percent and hit 13 3s.
James tried to calm the Cavs on Tuesday morning when they found out they would be without Love for the stretch run in an Eastern Conference race that is suddenly tight with the Boston Celtics and Washington Wizards right on their heels. He said that as long as he's on the floor, the Cavs will always have a chance to win, and no one doubts him.
He took his time to get going, choosing to get others involved, including with a no-look pass through Wiggins' legs to a diving Derrick Williams for a layup in the second quarter. He threw down two soaring dunks later in the third and added a Jordan-like reverse layup as part of a highlight-filled night.
The Cavs appeared to be pulling away when they opened a 14-point lead in the third quarter, but Wiggins exploded for 20 points in the period to make it a game. He hit a 3-pointer and beat the buzzer on a long 2 to tie it at 93 going into the fourth.
Wiggins was chosen by the Cavs No. 1 overall three years ago, but that was before James made his surprising return to Cleveland. The Cavs traded Wiggins to Minnesota for Love and Wiggins has always given them his best punch. He entered the night averaging 27.6 points per game against them, his highest scoring average against any team in the league.
The Wolves missed two open 3-pointers that would have tied the game in the final four minutes, but James hit his from deep and Williams got a steal and a layup to hold off the Wolves.
TIP-INS
Cavaliers: F Iman Shumpert played 25 minutes after missing the previous three games with a sprained left ankle. ... Williams scored 13 points off the bench against the team that drafted him No. 2 overall. ... Tristan Thompson had 14 points and 11 boards.
Timberwolves: SG Zach LaVine had surgery in Los Angeles on Tuesday to reconstruct the torn ACL in his left knee. He is expected to miss nine months while recovering. ... Ricky Rubio had 16 assists and eight rebounds, but was just 2 for 8 from the field.
UP NEXT
Cavaliers: Cleveland heads back home to face Indiana on Wednesday for its final game before the All-Star break.
Timberwolves: Minnesota flies to Denver for a game Wednesday night in a key game for the Wolves against the Nuggets, who currently own the eighth seed in the West.
Volkswagen and Nissan have unveiled electric cars designed for China at a Beijing auto show that highlights the growing importance of Chinese buyers for a technology seen as a key part of the global industry's future.
General Motors displayed five all-electric models Wednesday including a concept Buick SUV it says can go 600 kilometers (375 miles) on one charge. Ford and other brands showed off some of the dozens of electric SUVs, sedans and other models they say are planned for China.
Auto China 2018, the industry's biggest sales event this year, is overshadowed by mounting trade tensions between Beijing and U.S. President Donald Trump, who has threatened to hike tariffs on Chinese goods including automobiles in a dispute over technology policy.
The impact on automakers should be small, according to industry analysts, because exports amount to only a few thousand vehicles a year. Those include a GM SUV, the Envision, and Volvo Cars sedans made in China for export to the United States.
China accounted for half of last year's global electric car sales, boosted by subsidies and other prodding from communist leaders who want to make their country a center for the emerging technology.
"The Chinese market is key for the international auto industry and it is key to our success," VW CEO Herbert Diess said on Tuesday.
Volkswagen unveiled the E20X, an SUV that is the first model for SOL, an electric brand launched by the German automaker with a Chinese partner. The E20X, promising a 300-kilometer (185-mile) range on one charge, is aimed at the Chinese market's bargain-priced tiers, where demand is strongest.
GM, Ford, Daimler AG's Mercedes unit and other automakers also have announced ventures with local partners to develop models for China that deliver more range at lower prices.
On Wednesday, Nissan Motor Co. presented its Sylphy Zero Emission, which it said can go 338 kilometers (210 miles) on a charge. The Sylphy is based on Nissan's Leaf, a version of which is available in China but has sold poorly due to its relatively high price.
Automakers say they expect electrics to account for 35 to over 50 percent of their China sales by 2025.
First-quarter sales of electrics and gasoline-electric hybrids rose 154 percent over a year earlier to 143,000 units, according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers. That compares with sales of just under 200,000 for all of last year in the United States, the No. 2 market.
That trend has been propelled by the ruling Communist Party's support for the technology. The party is shifting the financial burden to automakers with sales quotas that take effect next year and require them to earn credits by selling electrics or buy them from competitors.
That increases pressure to transform electrics into a mainstream product that competes on price and features.
Automakers also displayed dozens of gasoline-powered models from compact sedans to luxurious SUVs. Their popularity is paying for development of electrics, which aren't expected to become profitable for most producers until sometime in the next decade.
China's total sales of SUVs, sedans and minivans reached 24.7 million units last year, compared with 17.2 million for the United States.
SUVs are the industry's cash cow. First-quarter sales rose 11.3 percent over a year earlier to 2.6 million, or almost 45 percent of total auto sales, according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers.
On Wednesday, Ford displayed its Mondeo Energi plug-in hybrid, its first electric model for China, which went on sale in March. Plans call for Ford and its luxury unit, Lincoln, to release 15 new electrified vehicles by 2025.
GM plans to launch 10 electrics or hybrids in China from through 2020.
VW is due to launch 15 electrics and hybrids in the next two to three years as part of a 10 billion euro ($12 billion) development plan announced in November.
Nissan says it will roll out 20 electrified models in China over the next five years.
New but fast-growing Chinese auto trail global rivals in traditional gasoline technology but industry analysts say the top Chinese brands are catching up in electrics, a market with no entrenched leaders.
BYD Auto, the biggest global electric brand by number sold, debuted two hybrid SUVs and an electric concept car.
The company, which manufactures electric buses at a California factory and exports battery-powered taxis to Europe, also displayed nine other hybrid and plug-in electric models.
Chery Automobile Co. showed a lineup that included two electric sedans, an SUV and a hatchback, all promising 250 to 400 kilometers (150 to 250 miles) on a charge. They include futuristic features such as internet-linked navigation and smartphone-style dashboard displays.
"Our focus is not just an EV that runs. It is excellent performance," Chery CEO Chen Anning said in an interview ahead of the show.
Electrics are likely to play a leading role as Chery develops plans announced last year to expand to Western Europe, said Chen. He said the company has yet to decide on a timeline.
Chery was China's biggest auto exporter last year, selling 108,000 gasoline-powered vehicles abroad, though mostly in developing markets such as Russia and Egypt.
"We do have a clear intention to bring an EV product as one of our initial offerings" in Europe, Chen said.
Quentin Tarantino has yet to shoot a single frame of “Once Upon a Time in Hollywood,” but that didn't stop the Oscar-winning writer and director from predicting great things from his forthcoming Tinseltown epic.
At Sony Pictures' CinemaCon presentation on Monday night, Tarantino said Leonardo DiCaprio and Brad Pitt, the film's two leading men, will be “the most exciting dynamic star duo since Paul Newman and Robert Redford.”
Pitt wasn't on hand in Las Vegas, but DiCaprio flanked Tarantino on the Caesars Palace stage, telling the audience of theater owners that the film boasts “one of the most amazing screenplays [the writer-director] has ever written.”
“Once Upon a Time in Hollywood” is shrouded in mystery, but Tarantino has said that it takes place in 1969. The Manson family murders are reportedly going to factor into a larger tapestry of a changing movie business — it's a time when the studio system was collapsing and a rising generation of young turks was taking its place, bringing with them revolutionary on-screen depictions of sex, drugs, and rock ‘n roll.
“It takes place at the height of the counterculture explosion,” said Tarantino. “It takes place at the time of the hippie revolution, and it takes place at the height of new Hollywood.”
He added that the film will be the most similar in style and plotting to his 1994 masterwork, “Pulp Fiction.”
Tarantino, who owns the New Beverly Cinema, a historic revival house in Los Angeles, won over the crowd of theater owners by noting that he was also an exhibitor.
“I love movies and I love movies in movie theaters,” said Tarantino. “They are my favorite place in the world.”
“Once Upon a Time in Hollywood” hits theaters on August 9, 2019. That marks the fiftieth anniversary of actress Sharon Tate's murder at the hands of Charles Manson's followers.
Related stories
Brad Pitt Joins Leonardo DiCaprio in Quentin Tarantino's Manson Movie
Quentin Tarantino Apologizes to Roman Polanski Rape Victim
Diane Kruger Says Working With Quentin Tarantino Was 'Pure Joy'
Subscribe to Variety Newsletters and Email Alerts!
Police executed a drugs warrant at Arcon House in Lancaster on December 17, 2016.
Officers arrested Michael O'Connor, 23, of Lancaster for possession with intent to supply class A drugs. They located 279 deals of heroin and crack cocaine during the search.
At Preston Crown Court O'Connor pleaded guilty to dealing drugs and was later sentenced to 32 months in prison.
A 29-year-old woman and her ex-husband, both of Thousand Oaks, were identified as the victim and suspect in a shooting at The Oaks Mall.Thousand Oaks police said Sunday that Parisa Siddiqi was the woman shot and killed Saturday by 33-year-old Kevin Crane while she was working at the Paper Source store Saturday afternoon.Police said Crane turned the gun on himself after he fatally shot Siddiqi and survived. He is being treated at a local hospital, where he remains in critical condition.The two had children, police said."Their children are fine. They've been located at this time," said Ventura County Sheriff's Sgt. Eric Boschow on Saturday.Mall shoppers who heard the gunfire panicked, thinking it was an active shooter situation, according to witnesses. Some ran out of the mall, while others hid in stores.The entire mall was put in lockdown immediately after the shooting.
We know Project Titan isn't dead because Apple has a permit to test self driving cars on public roads in California. Bryan Chaffin and John Martellaro join Jeff Gamet to talk about the status of Apple's car plans, plus John wants us to pick a tech company to be gone in 50 years.
Project Titan on Open Roads, Predicting Tech Companies Demise - TMO Daily Observations 2017-04-17 We know Project Titan isn't dead because Apple has a permit to test self driving cars on public roads in California. Bryan Chaffin and John...
(AP) – Tummy tucks really hurt. Doctors carve from hip to hip, slicing off skin, tightening muscles, tugging at innards. Patients often need strong painkillers for days or even weeks, but Mary Hernandez went home on just over-the-counter ibuprofen.
The reason may be the yellowish goo smeared on her 18-inch wound as she lay on the operating table. The Houston woman was helping test a novel medicine aimed at avoiding opioids, potent pain relievers fueling an epidemic of overuse and addiction.
Vicodin, OxyContin and similar drugs are widely used for bad backs, severe arthritis, damaged nerves and other woes. They work powerfully in brain areas that control pleasure and pain, but the body adapts to them quickly, so people need higher and higher doses to get relief.
This growing dependence on opioids has mushroomed into a national health crisis, ripping apart communities and straining police and health departments. Every day, an overdose of prescription opioids or heroin kills 91 people, and legions more are brought back from the brink of death. With some 2 million Americans hooked on these pills, evidence is growing that they're not as good a choice for treating chronic pain as once thought.
Drug companies are working on alternatives, but have had little success.
Twenty or so years ago, they invested heavily and “failed miserably,” said Dr. Nora Volkow, director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse.
Pain is a pain to research. Some people bear more than others, and success can't be measured as objectively as it can be with medicines that shrink a tumor or clear an infection. Some new pain drugs that worked well were doomed by side effects — Vioxx, for instance, helped arthritis but hurt hearts.
Some fresh approaches are giving hope:
—”Bespoke” drugs, as Volkow calls them. These target specific pathways and types of pain rather than acting broadly in the brain. One is Enbrel, which treats a key feature of rheumatoid arthritis and, in the process, eases pain.
—Drugs to prevent the need for opioids. One that Hernandez was helping test numbs a wound for a few days and curbs inflammation. If people don't have big pain after surgery, their nerves don't go on high alert and there's less chance of developing chronic pain that might require opioids.
—Funky new sources for medicines. In testing: Drugs from silk, hot chili peppers and the venom of snakes, snails and other critters.
—Novel uses for existing drugs. Some seizure and depression medicines, for example, can help some types of pain.
The biggest need, however, is for completely new medicines that can be used by lots of people for lots of problems. These also pose the most risk — for companies and patients alike.
ONE DRUG'S BUMPY ROAD
In the early 2000s, a small biotech company had a big idea: blocking nerve growth factor, a protein made in response to pain. The company's drug, now called tanezumab (tah-NAZE-uh-mab), works on outlying nerves, helping to keep pain signals from muscles, skin and organs from reaching the spinal cord and brain — good for treating arthritis and bad backs.
Pfizer Inc. bought the firm in 2006 and expanded testing. But in 2010, some people on tanezumab and similar drugs being tested by rivals needed joint replacements. Besides dulling pain, nerve growth factor may affect joint repair and regeneration, so a possible safety issue needed full investigation in a medicine that would be the first of its type ever sold, said one independent expert, Dr. Jianguo Cheng, a Cleveland Clinic pain specialist and science chief for the American Academy of Pain Medicine.
Regulators put some of the studies on hold. Suddenly, some people who had been doing well on tanezumab lost access to it. Phyllis Leis in Waterfall, a small town in south-central Pennsylvania, was one.
“I was so angry,” she said. “That was like a miracle drug. It really was. Unless you have arthritis in your knees and have trouble walking, you'll never understand how much relief and what a godsend it was.”
Her doctor, Alan Kivitz of Altoona Center for Clinical Research, has helped run hundreds of pain studies and consults for Pfizer and many other companies. “You rarely get people to feel that good” as many of them did on the nerve growth factor drugs, he said.
A drug with that much early promise is unusual, said Ken Verburg, who has led Pfizer's pain research for several decades.
“When you do see one, you fight hard to try to bring one to the market,” he said.
An independent review ultimately tied just a few serious joint problems to tanezumab and the suspension on testing was lifted in August 2012. But a new issue — nervous system effects in some animal studies — prompted a second hold later that year, and that wasn't lifted until 2015.
Now Eli Lilly & Co. has joined Pfizer in testing tanezumab in late-stage studies with 7,000 patients. Results are expected late next year — about 17 years after the drug's conception.
AVOIDING PAIN TO AVOID DRUGS
What if a drug could keep people from needing long-term pain relief in the first place? Heron Therapeutics Inc. is testing a novel, long-acting version of two drugs — the anesthetic bupivacaine and the anti-inflammatory meloxicam — for notoriously painful operations like tummy tucks, bunion removal and hernia repair.
Company studies suggest it can numb wounds for about three days and cut patients' need for opioids by 30 to 50 percent.
There's a good chance of preventing brain responses that lead to chronic pain if patients can get through that “initially very rough period,” said Dr. Harold Minkowitz, a Houston anesthesiologist who consults for Heron and treated Hernandez in the tummy tuck study.
Hernandez was part of an experiment testing the drug versus a placebo and doesn't know whether she got the drug or a dummy medicine. But she hurt less than she expected to and never filled a prescription for pain pills.
“The goal would be to have half or more of patients not requiring an opiate after they go home,” said Heron's chief executive, Barry Quart. “You have far fewer opiates going out into society, far fewer opiates sitting in medicine cabinets that make their way to a high school.”
Studies so far are mid-stage — too small to prove safety and effectiveness — but Heron plans more aimed at winning approval.
ON THE HORIZON
Many companies have their eyes on sodium channel blockers, which affect how nerves talk to each other and thus might help various types of pain. Others are testing cell therapies for nerve pain. Stem cells can modulate immune responses and inflammation, and may “overcome a raft of problems,” said Cheng of the pain medicine academy.
Some companies, including Samumed, Centrexion Therapeutics and Flexion Therapeutics, are testing long-acting medicines to inject in knees to relieve arthritis pain. Samumed's aims to regenerate cartilage.
And then there's marijuana. A cannabis extract is sold as a mouth spray in Britain for nerve pain and other problems from multiple sclerosis. But cannabinoid research in the U.S. has been hampered by marijuana's legal status. A special license is needed and most researchers don't even try to obtain one, said Susan Ingram, a neurosurgery scientist at Oregon Health & Science University.
She is studying cannabinoid receptors in the brain, looking at how pain affects one type but not another. Such work might someday lead to drugs that relieve pain but don't produce a high or addiction.
Selective activity has precedent: The drug buprenorphine partially binds to opioid receptors in the brain and has become “an extraordinarily successful medication” for treating addiction, said Volkow, of the national drug institute.
“It has shown pharmaceutical companies that if you come up with a good intervention, there is an opportunity to recover their costs,” she said.
___
Marilynn Marchione can be followed at http://twitter.com/MMarchioneAP
Have your say
This week marks the start of two weeks of motoring joy as a festive free parking initiative across South Ribble goes live.
Starting on Monday, all council car parks have been given free Christmas parking after 10am.
The yuletide initiative runs up to, and including, Saturday December 23.
A council spokesman said: “The council has introduced the free parking to help ease the strain on finances and enter into the spirit of giving.
Coun Graham Walton said: “Christmas is a time of giving and getting into the festive spirit.
“That's why we're really happy to be supporting local businesses in offering free parking to shoppers and visitors to South Ribble.
“This will ensure every penny can go on gifts and treats rather than parking.”
Parking is free at:
• Churchill Way, Leyland;
• Ecroyd Street, Leyland;
• Sumner Street, Leyland;
• King Street, Leyland;
• Hope Terrace, Lostock Hall.
With the new year comes more Main Street winning; and the distinction between Wall Street's economy and Main Street's economy becomes stunningly clear.
The January jobs report showed a gain of 200,000 U.S. jobs, and more importantly, a 2.9% year-over-year growth in wages. –SOURCE– [The Biggest wage rate jump since the phoney trillion stimulus-funded growth mid-2009.] We continue to remind of our two-year prediction that stunning wage growth will evidence in Q2 of 2018 (April-July)… today's report is only the preview of that wage growth cycle.
Construction reported by the biggest gain by sector with 36,000. Bars and restaurants added 31,000 and health care was up 21,000. Manufacturing also showed a gain of 15,000 and durable goods-related industries added 18,000. “Perhaps the biggest positive surprise on hiring is the continued surge for the goods-producing sector with manufacturing and construction leading the way,” said Mark Hamrick, Bankrate.com's senior economic analyst. (link)
The Main Street economic engine is fundamentally detached from the drivers of the Wall Street economic engine (monetary policy). While the paper wizards are getting kicked in the teeth, interest rate increases will not diminish Main Street gains because wage increases will remain ahead of price inflation. Interest rate increases will, however, impact Wall Street because interest rates are monetary policy, and a great deal of Wall Street is based on speculation within the paper (false) economy.
Can you see now why we have been saying for two years MAGAnomics will draw out the new dimension in modern economics? There is a distance between Main Street's economic engine and Wall Street's economic engine. MAGAnomics operates in the space between them.
The stock market retracts today against fears of rising interest rates. Many on Wall Street have not recognized that monetary policy will not influence Main Street growth until interest rates, and/or inflation, surpasses the rate of wage growth. The parity within that dynamic is still about a year-and-a-half away.
If you pay attention the economic engine disconnect is visible. Note the market schizophrenia as Gold didn't climb while stocks/bonds dropped.
February 2018 wage growth will exceed January (driven in part by new tax rates); March will exceed February; April will exceed March…. and so on, and so on, (remember these are year-over-year comparatives). This is the EXACT reversal of prior economic policies from several administrations that were killing Main Street.
At the very heart of America-First, MAGAnomics focuses on U.S. jobs and U.S. companies. Investment growth drives labor demand; labor demand drives wage rates; wage rate growth increases consumer demand for goods and services; that demand drives investment; more investment is expansion of production capacity – ie. need more labor.
There will be natural price inflation to come as an outcome of Main Street's economy expanding. However, two factors: #1) inflation will creep slow, there's a natural lag and built in downward price pressure within the gap of unfilled production capacity; #2) Most importantly growth in wages will exceed the inflation rate -for approximately two years- thereby making increases in product costs irrelevant to consumer demands.
Inside this mix, off-shore manufacturers will continue trying to get their products into the hands of Americans who have more disposable income. That unique aspect will continue to keep prices down during the phase of shifts from import manufacturing to domestic manufacturing. Unfortunately, imports might keep GDP growth rates down – but the underlying economy will be expanding as domestic production begins to replace imports.
Ongoing financial results will be solid for companies doing business in the U.S., and actual profit results will gain market weight over speculation. The Titans are rising.
Economic nationalism is winning…. globalism is losing…. multinationals are shrieking… paper weasels are crying…. Middle Class American workers are CHEERING!
The crumbled marquee sign outside Southside Elementary is one of many campus features that remain untouched after the initial cleanup of the school following the August 2016 flood (Source: Livingston Parish Public Schools)
It's been 18 months since the historic flooding in August of 2016, and there are still three closed schools in Livingston Parish that administrators say are no closer to being reopened.
Superintendent Rick Wentzel has expressed "extreme frustration and even anger" with the delay and unresponsiveness from FEMA in its reported handling of the school system's request for financial assistance to repair damaged schools.
"It's frustrating to have your hands tied by so much red tape. This school system has endured the worst natural disaster in its history. The event of 2016 has had a profound financial and emotional impact on our entire community. It's time to heal and reclaim normalcy for our people, but bureaucratic obstacles continue to delay that recovery and threaten our ability to provide a quality education for many," said Wentzel.
To date, the school system says it has spent more than $54 million to restore 16 schools that were damaged and to build temporary campuses for three schools in Denham Springs that were substantially damaged and remain closed. The school system says FEMA has only reimbursed them for about $21.6 million.
"We were fortunate that our district was financially stable at the time of the flood. We had significant funds in our general fund account and we had the credit capacity to bond out one of our revenue streams to get the money up front. But if those funds are not reimbursed by the government, and the district suffers another disaster, we will not be able to financially manage it," said Wentzel.
School leaders say they're also concerned about how FEMA will impose a National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP) penalty that could cost the district as much as $20 million. Currently, the policy calls for a $500,000 penalty for every school building that was not insured.
This penalty was relaxed after Hurricanes Katrina and Rita to relieve school systems, but similar relief has not yet been granted for schools affected by the 2016 flooding.
RELATED VIDEO: Bill introduced to help reduce penalties against schools with uninsured buildings that flooded
"In many cases, we have been asked to submit the exact same information to FEMA that we've already given to them in the past. For example, we have cooperated with FEMA inspectors on numerous visits to each of the three campuses that remain closed. Each time, we've gone through the same process and documented the same information, but still to date, we have no answers on these properties," said Wentzel. "The response we are getting is an injustice to our people, and frankly, is unacceptable. This neglect, if it continues, will certainly begin to have an effect on the quality of education in our schools, the property values in our communities, and the everyday lives of the people who have struggled so hard to recover."
Wentzel has sent a letter to Congress about the issue.
"We need our parents, our community leaders, and all our residents to call our senators and congressional leaders and ask for their help. We can't continue to just tolerate the unresponsiveness from FEMA," said Wentzel.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Guns drawn, Iranian intelligence agents rushed into the apartment of a Washington Post reporter and his journalist wife in Tehran.
Threatening to kill Jason Rezaian in front of his wife, Yeganeh, the 20 agents in the July 2014 raid tore through their belongings and rifled through drawers, clothes and valuables for an hour.
But perhaps their most eagerly sought target wasn't exactly inside the house: They forced the couple to hand over the passwords to their email and social media profiles.
That raid demonstrated how much of a threat Iran's theocratic government sees in the internet. It has long sought to strictly control cyberspace and social media — and, thereby, the flow of information to the public.
But the Islamic Republic's relationship with the world wide web is far more complicated than simple repression. Over the past four years, authorities have encouraged wider use of the internet among Iranians, hoping to generate the benefits of a more modern economy. As a result, nearly half the population has in its pockets a tool that the state is struggling to constrain: smartphones, with cameras and internet links that let anyone broadcast to the world.
Those smartphones helped spread the startling burst of protests across Iran that opened 2018. The government succeeded in suffocating the flare-up in part by shutting off key social media and messaging apps, but the lesson was clear: The same oxygen that can resuscitate commerce can also give breath to potential revolt.
Authorities' solution has been to create a so-called "halal net," Iran's own locally controlled version of the internet aimed at restricting what the public can see.
As Iran approaches the 40th anniversary of the revolution that brought its cleric-led rule to power, how it handles the power of cyberspace will be crucial to its future, determining whether it moves to greater openness or seals itself off from the world.
"The Islamic Republic is not black and white. It shows a myriad of contradictions and its internet policy ... is one of the great examples of those contradictions," said Sanam Vakil, an associate fellow at Chatham House who studies Iran. "The government has taken the internet and effectively used it for its own purposes and also has realized the dangers of it as well."
___
Since the 1979 Islamic Revolution, how information spreads across mass media has been tightly controlled.
All television and radio broadcasts within Iran are from state-run stations. Satellite dishes remain ostensibly illegal, though they are plentiful, drawing occasional attacks from bat-wielding government enforcers. Journalists face restrictions in what they can cover and where they can travel across a country of 80 million people that's nearly two-and-a-half times the size of Texas.
The internet helped collapse that distance. During Iran's 2009 protests surrounding the disputed re-election of hard-line President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, still nascent social media spread word of the events among Iranians and brought videos of the shooting death of 26-year-old Neda Agha Soltan to the world.
Iran's government, overseen by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, violently suppressed the demonstrations. The crackdown killed dozens and saw thousands imprisoned, with some tortured by their jailers.
Even before the 2009 protests, Iran blocked access to YouTube. Twitter and Facebook followed amid the unrest, as did many other sites later. Some in Iran began using virtual private networks, or VPNs, which allow users to bypass government censorship.
The chief difference between then and the protests that rocked the country coming into 2018 was the massive proliferation of smartphones. As recently as 2014, only an estimated 2 million Iranians possessed one. Today, estimates suggest Iranians own 48 million.
That explosive growth was spurred by the administration of President Hasan Rouhani, a cleric who is a relative moderate within Iran's system. His officials allowed more mobile phone service providers to offer 3G and 4G internet, suddenly making sharing photos and images possible. Home internet connections became faster. The encrypted messaging platform Telegram spread like wildfire. Over 40 million Iranians are estimated to use it, for everything from benign conversations to commerce and political campaigning.
In the recent unrest, protesters used Telegram's mass-messaging channels to share information and videos across 75 cities and towns where demonstrations erupted. Some showed people openly in the streets shouting, "Death to Khamenei!" It shocked many, especially as such cries could bring a death sentence.
When the government temporarily blocked Telegram as well as Instagram, it helped smother the protests within days. Notably, however, Telegram's silencing quickly brought complaints from businesspeople who use its channels to promote and sell their goods.
Even after the unrest, Rouhani argued it was futile trying to shut off an indispensable tool of modern life.
"If you want cyberspace to be useful to the community, come forward with a solution using it to promote the culture instead of blocking it," he said, noting that past Iranian government tried to stop people from listening to the radio "but this prevention was useless."
___
The danger — and potential — of the internet as a weapon came into focus for Iran when it faced the world's first cyberweapon almost a decade ago.
At the height of tensions between Tehran and the West over its nuclear program, thousands of centrifuges enriching uranium at Iran's underground Natanz facility suddenly began spinning themselves to death. They had been hit by the Stuxnet computer virus, widely believed to be an American and Israeli creation.
Material leaked by Edward Snowden, the former National Security Agency contractor who exposed U.S. government surveillance programs in 2013, suggested Iran at the time was the country where American spies collected the most electronic data.
Beginning in 2011, Iran worked to strike back.
Among the most spectacular cyberattacks attributed to Iran is Shamoon, a virus that hit the state-run giant Saudi Arabian Oil Co. and Qatari natural gas producer RasGas, deleting hard drives and displaying a picture of a burning American flag on computer screens. Saudi Aramco ultimately shut down its network and destroyed over 30,000 computers. A later iteration of Shamoon in late 2016 caused even more damage.
The U.S. blames Iranian hackers for a denial-of-service attack that overwhelmed six major American banks in 2012. U.S. prosecutors in 2016 accused hackers believed to be backed by Iran of attacking dozens of banks and a small dam near New York City. They also have been suspected of targeting the email and social media accounts of Obama administration officials.
Analysts and security experts believe many of these hackers likely receive backing from Iran's Revolutionary Guard, a powerful paramilitary and economic force in the country answerable only to Khamenei himself.
The Guard employs more direct means as well, like It's wresting away of the passwords of Rezaian and his wife, recounted in a lawsuit he filed against the Guard and Iran in U.S. federal court.
Similarly, it seized control of the Facebook and email accounts of Iranian-American dual national Siamak Namazi, who remains detained in Iran along with his octogenarian father Baquer. The Guard then pretended to be Namazi in correspondence with U.S. government officials and others, like New Yorker journalist Robin Wright, tricking them into opening a file that gave the hackers access to their computers.
Cyberespionage is even used in Iran's internal rivalries, with attacks on members of the government, particularly officials in Rouhani's Foreign Ministry, including Zarif, according to a recent report by the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.
"The targeting of members of government — individuals that have already been vetted by the regime — reflects the importance of cybersurveillance as a tool of the hard-line security establishment to monitor potential rivals for power," the report said.
Then Iran moved to target the internet itself.
___
The idea of Iran setting up its own "halal," or "permissible," internet first came in 2011 in the wake of the 2009 protests. It's evolved into what's known as the National Information Network.
It is essentially a net neutrality supporter's nightmare: The network has some 500 government-approved national websites that stream content far faster than those based abroad, which are intentionally slowed, according to a recent report by the Campaign for Human Rights in Iran. Service providers offer cheaper packages to customers accessing only the NIN websites. Search results also are gamed within the network, allowing the government to censor what users find.
One of the principal designers of the network is the Iran Telecommunications Co., owned by proxies of the Guard.
It resembles in a way China's "Great Firewall," which blocks access to thousands of websites, from Facebook to Twitter to some news outlets. Chinese internet users also find access to websites outside of the country slower.
"Iran's National Information Network may lack the name cachet of the 'Great Firewall,' but its performance in strangling access to opposition content during the most recent protests proved that Iran is hard on China's heels in terms of controlling the flow of information," the private U.S. intelligence firm Stratfor wrote in a Jan. 17 analysis.
Firuzeh Mahmoudi, the executive director of the San Francisco-based group United for Iran, said authorities have had success in getting businesses to operate on the NIN. The more they do so, she warned, "the easier it will be for them to shut down or throttle the real internet when they want to."
Hard-liners have suggested removing Iran entirely from the internet and creating its own at home.
"Cyberspace was the kindling in the fire of the battle," hard-line cleric Ayatollah Ahmad Khatami recently told worshippers at Friday prayers in Tehran. "When cyberspace was closed down, the sedition was stopped. The nation does not support a social network that has its key in the hands of the United States."
Amid the protests, the Trump administration said it wanted to help Iranians access the internet. The U.S. Treasury sanctioned the Guard, Iran's Supreme Council of Cyberspace and other officials for "engaging in censorship."
Top Trump administration officials have met with Google, Facebook, Twitter and other leading tech companies to ask what more they can do to help people in Iran and other authoritarian-run countries communicate freely, according to U.S. officials briefed on the meetings.
But fear of crossing U.S. sanctions has made companies skittish. Some firms don't allow their services to be used in Iran. That prevents Iranians from accessing many encrypted communication apps or VPNs.
Even when the Trump administration has floated the possibility of easing some sanctions or offering carve-outs, some tech companies have been reluctant to offer more services in Iran, said the officials, who weren't authorized to discuss the conversations and demanded anonymity.
So it remains in question whether Iranians will have access to an open internet if anger over the economy boils over into protests again, as many predict it will.
"We believe that the U.S. government could do more to enable the free flow of information in Iran and establish a thriving entrepreneurial civil society independent of the regime," said Morad Ghorban of the Washington-based Public Affairs Alliance of Iranian Americans. "This movement has continued despite persecution by hard-line elements."
___
Associated Press writers Josh Lederman in Washington and Gillian Wong in Beijing contributed to this report.
___
Follow Jon Gambrell on Twitter at www.twitter.com/jongambrellap . His work can be found at http://apne.ws/2galNpz .
Edo APC abandons Oyegun, endorses Oshiomhole for national chairman
Edo State caucus of the
Progressives Congress, APC,
yesterday, unanimously endorsed
former Governor Adams
Oshiomhole to contest for the
national chairmanship of the party
in the forthcoming convention.
State Chairman of the party,
Anselm Ojezua, who disclosed
this after a meeting of party
chieftains at the Government
House in Benin City, said the
party resolved to proceed with
the congress at the wards, local
government and state levels.
“The state chapter of the party
unanimously resolved to support
the former governor to vie for
the position of national chairman
at the national convention billed
to hold on May 14 in the Federal
Capital Territory, FCT.”
Senate Deputy Chief Whip,
Senator Francis Alimikhena, said
Comrade Oshiomhole is the right
man to take over the leadership
of the party at the national level
when the tenure of the present
Chairman, John Odigie-Oyegun,
ends in June.
Member representing Etsako
Federal Constituency at the
House of Representatives,
Johnson Oghuma, said the state
caucus of the party agreed that all
votes from Edo State should be in
support of Comrade Oshiomhole.
“The position of the state caucus
is not negotiable. Oshiomhole has
the experience to take the party
to the next level, especially as the
2019 presidential election draws
close.”
Member representing
Egor/Ikpoba-Okha Federal
Constituency, Ehiozuwa
Agbonayinma, also said
Oshiomhole has the charisma to
comfortably lead the party at the
national level.
“The state caucus has
collectively done the needful by
requesting Comrade Oshiomhole
to assist in re-organising and
preparing the party for the 2019
presidential election.”
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Vice's newly appointed CEO has everything a druggie, start-up lad rag eyeing a slice of corporate respectability could want. Nancy Dubuc has a solid track record in television broadcast, experience as a CEO at A&E Networks, familiarity with Vice's inner culture as a member of its board.
And, take note, she is not only a woman. She is also an adult.
Vice Media, struggling with allegations of sexual harassment and an exploitative corporate culture in a post Me Too world, needs the help. Founded in 1994 in Montreal, the sprawling media empire now has a predicted valuation of almost $6 billion U.S., and 3,000 employees in 30 companies. All of it built on a combination of edgy journalism, custom content, and a brand that bills itself as a representative of anti-establishment millennial culture.
Partially owned by a combination of the Walt Disney Media Corp., A&E Networks, 21st Century Fox, and co-founders Shane Smith and Suroosh Alvi, among others, Vice now seems poised to cement itself into the global media hierarchy, with rumours of asset sales, or a possible IPO in the offing.
Dubuc is leaving her role at A&E to take over Smith's role as CEO of Vice Media. Smith will stay on as Executive Chair where, he said, he could “concentrate on the only things that I am good at — content and deals.”
By putting Dubuc in as CEO, Vice is signalling several things, according to analysts; firstly, that the company wants to be seen to be addressing its harassment issues, that it wants to professionalize and expand its operations, and lastly that it remains committed to video content.
While Vice's values are riding high, the company's future is still very much in question. It reportedly missed its 2017 revenue targets; gambles on video have yet to fully pay off in the U.S., and its cable channel, Viceland, faced criticism it has not attracted as many young viewers as expected. Earlier this year in Canada, a $100 million joint venture between Vice and Rogers (which owns this magazine) was terminated after several years.
Then Harvey Weinstein and the Me Too movement came sweeping through media, raising questions about Vice's notorious corporate bro culture amid allegations of sexual harassment and abuse. The picture painted by women who worked there was something akin to a swearier version of Mad Men, but with worse fashion and more hard drugs. This is, perhaps, not surprising considering the company was founded by three men now in their late 40s, delivering content branded around a magazine that is older than many of the millennials it now serves.
An extensive investigation by the New York Times revealed that the company had settled four court settlements involving sexual harassment and defamation. Dozens of other women came forward to the Times alleging sexual misconduct. One, for example, claimed that she was pressured into a sexual relationship, and then fired when she refused, according to the Times.
Two senior executives at Vice have since been suspended pending an investigation.
In Canada, an investigation by the National Post last year said that a former Vice editor allegedly used his position to recruit staff into becoming international drug mules. It would not be unreasonable, then, for a potential investor to wonder whether the druggie-mag-that-could still needs to encourage serious reforms in its professionalism, management, and governance before it's ready to own its new role in the corporate media hegemony.
While there is no doubt that Vice maintains a committed base of fans, some analysts are skeptical the company can make the leap into corporate respectability. Not least of which because Vice's creative culture seems to be deeply at odds with a sexually restrained post-Me Too movement.
If they don't clean up their internal culture, they won't be able to be regarded as a mainstream media outlet, adds Sarah Kaplan, Professor of Strategic Management, Rotman School in Toronto. And that would make it hard to attract and maintain talent, readership and clients. Yet their toxic internal culture is baked in to what makes them “edgy” and cool.
What's unclear is whether they can have that cake and eat it too. “What's mainstream in our culture turns out to be patriarchy,” she says. “Our culture is a culture that is designed to give advantages to white straight men and put headwinds on everyone else. You can play the anti-establishment game but from that standpoint, they're as mainstream as you get.”
Kaplan also notes that simply putting a woman at the top of the organizational chart doesn't fix systemic corporate cultural issues.
“If all they do is appoint a female CEO and don't look at a radical redesign of culture, processes and procedures and all of that, then you could think of this as pinkwashing.”
The problem is particularly tricky for a brand like Vice's, which was built on perceptions of rebellion, sexual exploitation, and a pornified aesthetic. These creative decisions were more than just artistic.
One of Vice's earliest on-camera talents was U.K. journalist Billie J.D. Porter. In public posts on Instagram and Medium, she detailed a long history of abusive allegations. She wrote that when she was 16-years-old, her boss offered her alcohol and drugs and then asked her to perform sex acts on him.
“When I had my first company business cards printed, they included the title ‘Lolita Life Ruiner' — a nickname I'd been given at age sixteen by the magazine's then editor,” she wrote.
“What I'm saying is, the salacious tales of drug use and group sex at a company whose personal brand was based on that lifestyle, isn't exactly an exposé. The more sickening matter is how badly they've chosen to deal with their past in the current climate.”
Jill Abramson, former executive editor of the New York Times, is working on a book about the evolution of digital media, including Vice, expected to be published late this year, notes Vice's enviable success. However: “We shouldn't shy away that baked in the success of their model was this male towel-snapping culture that was a literal hostile workplace for a lot of the young women who went to work there, many of whom I interviewed,” she said.
That past is haunting Vice's future growth, she adds. “It doesn't look like an auspicious moment for Vice to go public right now. They have an enormous valuation, they would be a very expensive acquisition for anyone if it is sold, and an IPO doesn't look that realistic for this year and Vice's leaders have said as much.”
Vice has many of the same problems that plague growing start-ups. Like Uber, for example, it's common for ambitious start-ups to suffer from toxic management cultures that have to be rectified when the companies establish themselves.
“Vice is growing up from a small company to a large global media player. If they don't make those transformations, they're not going to succeed as a company,” Kaplan predicts. “They're not going to be able to attract talent.”
The brand also risks its audience after allegations of sexual harassment, she notes.
“A toxic culture like that might produce a niche product, but it can't produce a product that's going to produce (content) to a large part of the population consistently over time.”
Richard Leblanc, an associate professor of corporate governance at York University, notes that Vice's governance structure and processes still seem opaque. A $6 billion company operating in 30 countries “should have complete governance transparency,” he says.
“(Vice) seems to be at a tipping point,” Leblanc says. “It's at the point where it needs to rapidly professionalize and address its internal cultural concerns and governance oversight. That would enhance its attractiveness as a partner, or to a potential investor as part of a larger entity, or as an IPO. That's the missing thing that I see, it's the professionalism. If it doesn't professionalize, it will be held back.”
MORE ABOUT TV:
Quit Notice: We Give You From Now Till Thursday To Leave Our Territories – South Africans To Nigerians
The Nigeria Union in South Africa, on Wednesday claimed that two communities in the country, have asked Nigerians to leave their territories.
President of the union, Ikechukwu Anyene, said the Kuruman community in Northern Cape Province gave Nigerians till Thursday to leave.
He also said the Klaafontein community, Extension 5, Johannesburg, directed landlords not to renew the rent of Nigerians in the area, blaming them for the rise of illicit drug trade and prostitution.
South African communities give Nigerians quit notice
“The Nigeria union held series of meetings with the affected communities as well as police and local authorities on the recent threats to Nigerians.
“We have also written reports on these incidents and sent to the Nigerian Mission and the South African police.
“We recommended interventions before the June 16 deadline to the mission and we are waiting for their response.
Police bans Dino Melaye, others from holding unapproved rally in Kogi
“The union is worried that any incident involving non -South Africans are attributed to Nigerians,” Anyene said
The post Quit Notice: We Give You From Now Till Thursday To Leave Our Territories – South Africans To Nigerians appeared first on Ngyab.
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(AP Photo/Ray Stubblebine, File). FILE - In this April 10, 1985, file photo, U.S. Vice President George H.W. Bush reacts after he throws the ceremonial first pitch during the New York Mets season opener with the St. Louis Cardinals at New York's Shea S...
(AP Photo/Ed Kolenovsky, File). FILE - In this Oct. 12, 1987, file photo, Vice President George H.W. Bush and his wife Barbara, with their son George W. Bush, far left, wave to supporters who turned out in Houston, to hear him announce he was a candida...
(Paul Morse/Courtesy of Office of George H.W. Bush via AP). This Saturday, April 21, 2018, photo provided by the Office of former U.S. President George H.W. Bush shows Bush's socks during the funeral service for his wife, Barbara Bush, in Houston. Bar...
(Paul Morse/Courtesy of Office of George H.W. Bush via AP). This Saturday, April 21, 2018, photo provided by the Office of former U.S. President George H.W. Bush, shows Bush, front center, and past presidents and first ladies Laura Bush, from left, Geo...
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip ). Former Presidents George W. Bush, left, and George H.W. Bush arrive at St. Martin's Episcopal Church for a funeral service for former first lady Barbara Bush, Saturday, April 21, 2018, in Houston.
HOUSTON (AP) - The Latest on the health of former President George H.W. Bush (all times local):
12:10 p.m.
A family spokesman says former President George H.W. Bush is still "responding and recovering" as doctors treat him for an infection that's spread to his blood.
Bush has been hospitalized since Sunday, a day after attending the funeral of his wife, Barbara.
Family spokesman Jim McGrath issued the update Tuesday. McGrath says he's happy to report that previous updates also still stand, in that the 93-year-old former president is responding to treatments and appears to be recovering.
Bush has a form of Parkinson's disease along with a history of pneumonia and other infections. He's being treated at Houston Methodist Hospital.
___
3 a.m.
A spokesman says former President George H.W. Bush is eager to get well so he can get to his summer home in Kennebunkport, Maine.
Jim McGrath says the 93-year-old Bush is "the most goal-oriented person on this planet."
Bush has been hospitalized in Houston with an infection, just after attending the funeral of his wife, Barbara. McGrath said Monday that Bush is "responding to treatments and appears to be recovering."
McGrath says he was admitted Sunday morning to Houston Methodist Hospital after an infection spread to his blood. He wouldn't elaborate on the 41st president's condition Monday night, saying updates will be issued "as events warrant."
Bush uses a wheelchair and an electric scooter for mobility after developing a form of Parkinson's disease.
Barbara Bush was laid to rest Saturday.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Polish government announced its intention on Tuesday to tighten controls on waste imports. "It is very often the case that waste is imported for recycling, but we really don't know what actually enters the country," Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said yesterday at a press conference in Warsaw. Mr Morawiecki announced that planned regulatory changes would give the environmental protection inspected that he would change the rules to give the environmental inspector more control over imports.
According the Polish news agency PAP, the measures come in the wake of a number of fires at waste storage sites across the country. Tips in Zgierz in central Poland and in Wszedzien in the north of the country. In the south, a tyre heap caught fire. According to PAP, there have already been 63 waste fires in Poland this year, 27 of which were sizable. The news agency cites figures from the Polish environment ministry. Last year, the state fire service (KG PSP) registered 37 such incidents.
The tip fires appeared to be coordinated, the prime minister said yesterday. The Polish daily newspaper "Gazeta Wyborcza" reports that the fires appeared to follow a pattern. The fires broke out in the late afternoon or in the evening, usually on the weekend. In most of the case, the suspected cause of the fire is arson motivated by the desire to dispose of the waste as cheaply as possible. Polish authorities would handle the matter with great determination, he said. Moreover, the prime minister announced that the investigation was being handed over to the Polish domestic counterintelligence agency (ABW). "We are dealing with the garbage mafia," said Mr Morawiecki. The prime minister also announced that the government would develop an action plan including legislative and regulatory changes addressing the problem. These would include changes in regard to waste imports.
EUWID Recycling and Waste Management is published fortnightly. The print edition is mailed every other Wednesday, while E-Paper subscribers have immediate access to the digital version of the most recent edition on the day of publication. Subscriptions for faster access to our market reports are also available.
Our customer service team would be happy to answer any questions you might have.
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
Army declares loyalty to Maduro as Venezuela braces for giant demo
Venezuela's defense minister on Monday declared the army's loyalty to President Nicolas Maduro, who ordered troops into the streets ahead of a major protest by opponents trying to oust him.
Venezuela is bracing for what Maduro's opponents vow will be the “mother of all protests” Wednesday, after two weeks of clashes between police and demonstrators protesting against moves by the leftist leader and his allies to tighten their grip on power.
The center-right opposition has called on the military — a pillar of Maduro's power — to turn on the president amid an economic and political crisis that has triggered severe food shortages, riots and looting.
But Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino Lopez said the army “confirms its unconditional loyalty to the president.”
He made the comment before thousands of rifle-carrying members of the pro-Maduro “Bolivarian militia,” who cheered with fists raised at a rally outside the presidential palace.
Maduro thanked the army and the militia for their support and announced he planned to expand the latter civilian force to half a million armed members.
“Loyalty is repaid with loyalty,” he said.
– Maduro rallies army –
The rally came hours after Maduro ordered the military into the streets to defend the leftist “Bolivarian revolution” launched by his late mentor Hugo Chavez in 1999.
“From the first reveille (on Monday morning), from the first rooster crow, the Bolivarian National Armed Forces will be in the streets… saying, ‘Long live the Bolivarian revolution,'” he said Sunday night in a televised address.
He called for the militia to be in “permanent training” and “permanent deployment” to defend Venezuela against “any imperialist aggression” — a thinly veiled reference to the United States.
Senior opposition leader Henrique Capriles dismissed Maduro's announcement.
“The old fogey has announced one rifle for every militia member. He is more desperate than ever,” Capriles wrote on Twitter.
“Venezuela does not want rifles, it wants food and medicine!”
– ‘Repression' –
Venezuela has been rocked by unrest since March 30, when Maduro's camp moved to consolidate its control with a Supreme Court decision quashing the power of the opposition-majority legislature.
The court partly backtracked after an international outcry, but tension only rose further when authorities slapped a political ban on Capriles.
Five people have been killed and hundreds wounded in the ensuing protests as demonstrators clashed with riot police firing tear gas, water cannon and rubber bullets.
Non-government groups have accused the authorities of repression of protesters and of using firearms to put down the rallies.
Padrino Lopez on Monday blamed the violence on criminals, retorting that “action by the state to restore public order cannot be called repression.”
– Major protest called –
Maduro's opponents have called for a massive protest Wednesday, a national holiday that marks the start of Venezuela's independence struggle in 1810.
The president's supporters have called a counter-demonstration the same day.
It is a touchy date in Venezuela, where Chavez and Maduro have built a politics of populist, left-wing nationalism around the fight for independence from colonial Spain and around the hero of the struggle, Simon Bolivar.
Eleven Latin American countries on Monday asked Venezuela to guarantee the “right to peaceful demonstration,” lamenting deaths that have already occurred during the protests.
Maduro's Foreign Minister Delcy Rodriguez on Twitter called the statement from the 11 countries “political selectivity,” accusing the group of endorsing “the violent vandalism of the opposition.”
Maduro is fighting efforts to force him from power as Venezuela flounders through a crippling three-year recession and confronts the world's highest inflation rate.
Venezuela has the world's largest oil reserves, but the fall in global crude prices since 2014 has laid bare its overwhelming dependence on its chief export.
Lacking the oil dollars it once used to import nearly everything else, the country has been hit by severe shortages of food, medicine and basic goods like deodorant and toilet paper.
With some 165,000 troops and 25,000 reserves, the army controls production and distribution of basic foods.
Eleven of Maduro's 32 government ministers are current or retired military officers.
This post was syndicated from Breaking News, Nigeria News and World News – The Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
COSTA MESA, Calif. - The Los Angeles Chargers brought in the team's biggest target in free agency this week, agreeing to terms on a two-year deal with former Miami Dolphins center Mike Pouncey the team announced on Monday.
Released by the Dolphins last week because he refused to take a pay cut, the 28-year-old Pouncey consummated a deal with the Chargers after an in-house visit on Monday.
Signed through the 2020 season as part of a five-year contract extension with the Dolphins in 2015, with his release the Dolphins saved $7 million on their salary cap
A three-time Pro Bowler, Pouncey started 93 games in seven seasons with the Dolphins, but played in all 16 games last season for the first time since 2012.
The Chargers could use help up front on their offensive line and have not found a long-term replacement at the center position since Nick Hardwick retired after the 2014 season.
Spencer Pulley started all 16 games last season in his first year as a starter, but the Vanderbilt product's performance was uneven.
With Pouncey in the fold, the Chargers have a projected starting offensive line of Russell Okung at left tackle, Dan Feeney at left guard, Pouncey at center, Forrest Lamp at right guard and Joe Barksdale at right tackle.
Known for his strength as a run blocker, Pouncey should improve a running game that averaged just 3.81 yards per carry last season, No. 26 in the NFL.
Mandy Moore spent six weeks at the bottom of a London pool trapped inside a steel cage, hyperventilating and screaming while filming the underwater thriller " 47 Meters Down ." It wasn't all called for in the script.
Countless "what ifs" played out in her mind: What if her air suddenly cut out? What if her scuba equipment wasn't properly attached?
"It hadn't really been done before, so no one really knew the ramifications of spending that much time underwater," Moore, 33, said.
In total, Moore said she and her co-star Claire Holt spent 95 percent of production underwater for "47 Meters Down," which arrives in theaters Friday more than two years after it was shot.
Moore and Holt, 29, play sisters who try escaping their everyday problems by going on a Mexican vacation. They party, they argue and they go shark diving in a rickety cage. The cable suddenly breaks loose, sending them plummeting 154 feet to the ocean floor.
In reality the actresses only descended 20 feet down to reach the bottom of that London pool. But as Moore will tell you, that's still 20 feet underwater.
"It wasn't lost on us that we're breathing underwater and that is not normal," Moore said.
Much like their characters, Moore and Holt were running out of air the moment they dived in. Director Johannes Roberts said it sped up shooting. They had a fixed amount of time until each air tank emptied and production stopped.
Unlike their characters, Moore and Holt were not dealing with actual sharks or darkness in the deep ocean.
However, communication was an issue for all. In the film, the sisters were too deep for radio frequencies, leaving them unsure if help was on the way.
On set, Roberts directed on dry land, only audible to Moore and Holt through underwater speakers. They couldn't even communicate with the underwater crew who wore special scuba diving masks different than their costume versions.
So Moore and Holt looked to one another for guidance to both finesse their performances and remain calm.
Holt said they didn't have to try too hard to act frightened — the strenuous production did that for them.
"We knew our characters more, what facial expressions worked and what didn't," she said.
Unease wasn't just reserved for the actresses. It became something of a theme for the film off-screen as well.
Before the film's theatrical release, a bigger competitor emerged in the Blake Lively shark thriller "The Shallows."
"47 Meters Down" headed for different territory, opting for a straight to video release.
Roberts learned about the changes, including a new title, "In the Deep," from a horror film website. He and "47 Meters Down" co-writer Ernest Riera were already working on a new script in Spain, and Roberts told his creative partner he never wanted to speak of the film again.
The underwater production, lengthy editing and the video release had all took their toll on the director. "It's a brutal job," Roberts said. "How you deal with it, is badly."
However things changed again. "The Shallows" did better than expected at the box office, earning over $55 million, according to comScore. A new distributor, Entertainment Studios, stepped in and set the film for a wide release.
"It showed there's a market for it," Roberts said, an admitted shark movie aficionado.
Moore and Holt said they haven't seen "The Shallows," though Holt said she read the script.
She noted they're distinct films, and "47 Meters Down" is not just a shark movie, she said.
"It's about being trapped underwater, running out of air with nowhere to go. You can't go up; you'll get the bends," Holt said. "You don't know where you are. You don't know if anyone is coming for you."
The film's unconventional journey to theaters has coincided with a career resurgence for Moore, who stars in the hit NBC series "This is Us."
Holt is part of "The Vampire Diaries" franchise on the CW, most recently appearing in the spinoff "The Originals."
They're proud of the hard work shooting "47 Meters Down," especially those days spent underwater. As for the film's distribution woes and delayed premiere, that's the last thing on their minds.
"As actors, it's really important for us just to appreciate the experience," Moore said. "That's the only thing we're in control of."
———
Follow Joseph Longo on Twitter: www.twitter.com/josephlongo—
Voting for the Tokyo 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Games mascots has officially begun, with elementary school children set to select their favourite from a shortlist.
Three mascot pairings were unveiled by organisers last week, following a review of 2,042 entries submitted by the public.
The Tokyo Metropolitan Fuchu Keyakinomori Gakuen special needs school as well as Tobitakyu Elementary School were among the first to take part in voting.
Pupils were encouraged to discuss the designs in their classes, before coming to a unanimous choice among the whole class.
Tokyo 2020 have expressed their hope the process will help with the engagement of children across Japan.
Tokyo 2020, in conjunction with the University of Tsukuba and the Japan Sports Agency, has prepared a proposed lesson plan for teachers.
The plan suggests between one and three 45-minute classes, which will be designed at helping teachers communicate Olympic and Paralympic values and to explain the roles played by the Games mascots.
“I would like to ask schools to take this opportunity to engage students in discussions before voting,” said Yoshirō Mori.
“By doing so, children can become more interested in the Olympic and Paralympic Games, and remember for the rest of their lives that they played an important part in them.
“All elementary schools in Japan are eligible to vote.
“I want everyone to get involved.”
Lesson plans have been sent to schools which they can use to explain the role of mascots, as well as the Olympic and Paralympic values ©Tokyo 2020
Over 6,000 schools have already registered to be part of the voting process, including 43 overseas and nine international schools in Japan.
It is expected that 6.5 million children in Japan will have the chance to be part of the competition.
The vote at the Tobitakyu Elementary School took place close to where football, rugby and modern pentathlon events will be held in Tokyo's Chofu city, home of Tokyo Stadium.
It is also located close to the newly opened Musashino Forest Sport Plaza, which will host badminton and modern pentathlon's fencing event for the Olympic Games and wheelchair basketball during the Paralympic Games.
It was the first of eight new permanent venues being constructed for the Games to be unveiled.
Children at the Tokyo Metropolitan Fuchu Keyakinomori Gakuen special needs school were aided by organisers providing model versions of the mascots.
It is hoped by allowing the children to hold the models, it will allow for visually impaired children to be included in the process.
“The mascot for any Olympic and Paralympic Games is always idolised,” said Andrew Parsons, International Paralympic Committee President.
“I think this is a wonderful, innovative idea to allow the younger generation in Japan to choose the mascots for the Tokyo 2020 Games.
“Having 3D models of each mascot for visually impaired youngsters to touch and feel ensures the voting process is inclusive, and is a move that the Tokyo 2020 Organising Committee deserves great credit for."
Models have been created to allow children with visual impairment to become part of the voting process ©Tokyo 2020
The Yoshiida Elementary School of Fukushima City, located near one of the areas impacted by the 2011 tsunami and nuclear disaster were also among the first to take part in the voting.
Elementary schools will vote for their favourite pairing of mascots until February 22.
Results of the vote will be announced on February 28.
“This is an innovative way of engaging the public in the Olympic Movement, especially the young children,” said John Coates, International Olympic Committee Coordination Commission chair.
“Interest in the Games will only increase from here, especially as kids from more than 20,000 schools all over Japan begin voting on their favourite mascot today.”
A mascot review panel chose the three designs in October, having already reduced the number of entries to 16.
In August, Tokyo 2020 revealed they had received 2,042 designs in their mascot design competition.
This included 1,774 designs from individuals and 268 group entries submitted before the August deadline.
The Roughriders were leading only 32-29 with 13:04 remaining after Aaron Knutson scored from close range for Central. But Red River broke the game open when the Riders followed with a decisive 21-2 run.
"It was getting a little frustrating,'' Red River junior Jordan Polynice said of the Riders' early scoring problems. "We had open shots. They just weren't falling.
"But we went to the press and started running. That's when we're at our best, in a fast-paced game.''
Polynice had 10 of his game-high 22 points in the run, in which the Riders poured in the 21 points in a 4:35 span to build a 53-31 advantage.
Pierson Painter had a 3-point basket in the big spurt; otherwise, it was Red River scoring by attacking the basket. And they picked up eight points off turnovers.
"We haven't had many first halves like that,'' said Red River coach Kirby Krefting, whose team led 24-22 at halftime. "Can you come out any flatter than we did? We were settling for jump shots and giving Central too many good looks.
"Our defense got us going. We got some easy baskets and started attacking the basket.''
In the second half, Cody Robertson and Tyler Enerson each had three steals and Polynice blocked a pair of shots to highlight the defense.
Robertson added 11 points for the 12-7 Roughriders, while Painter was a spark off the bench with eight points.
Central got a short-lived spark when Jacob Ohnstad hit a long trey at the buzzer to end the first half, pulling the Knights within 24-22. But the Knights couldn't match the pace Red River set in the second half.
"Red River is a good offensive team,'' Central coach Dan Carlson said. "We expected them to make a run at some point. And we couldn't score in that run to slow them down. That's what hurt. We've had a hard time scoring this year.''
Knutson had 12 points and Ohnstad 10 to lead the 0-19 Knights. Ohnstad finished with nine rebounds, one shy of a double double.
Testimony from bloodstain-pattern analysts is now accepted in courts throughout the country. But in recent years, some scientists and legal scholars have questioned the training of these experts, as well as the validity of the field itself. How did a niche, unproven discipline gain a hold in the American justice system and proliferate state by state?
The modern era of bloodstain-pattern analysis began when a small group of scientists and forensic investigators started testifying in cases, as experts in a new technique. Some of them went on to train hundreds of police officers, investigators and crime-lab technicians — many of whom began to testify as well. When defendants appealed the legitimacy of the experts' testimony, the cases made their way to state appeals courts. Once one court ruled such testimony admissible, other states' courts followed suit, often citing their predecessors' decisions. When discussing the reliability or accuracy of the technique, judges typically relied on their own — or the testifying expert's own — assessment. Rarely, if ever, have courts required objective proof of bloodstain-pattern analysis' accuracy.
Paul Leland Kirk examining the bloodstained pillow that was an exhibit in the 1954 murder trial of Sam Sheppard. Bettmann/Getty Images
Herbert Leon MacDonell showing an enlarged photograph of a bloodstained sock to the jury in the O.J. Simpson murder trial in 1995. AFP/Getty Images
Tom Bevel during testimony in the 2003 trial of the real estate heir Robert Durst. David J. Phillip/Associated Press
1954
Sam Sheppard, an Ohio doctor, is convicted of murdering his wife in a case that attracts widespread attention. Paul Leland Kirk, a renowned scientist and criminalist who worked on the Manhattan Project, studies the bloodstains in the Sheppard home and, the following year, offers an interpretation of events that the defense believes exonerates Sheppard.
1957
People v. Carter
The Supreme Court of California affirms that bloodstain-pattern analysis is a proper area for expert testimony and that Kirk is a qualified expert in the field. The case is possibly the earliest instance of an appellate court explicitly accepting bloodstain-pattern analysis as an appropriate field of expertise.
• Sets precedent in California.
1966
Sam Sheppard is retried, and Kirk's findings play a central role in Sheppard's defense. Sheppard is found not guilty.
Pedersen v. State
The Supreme Court of Alaska holds that bloodstain-pattern analysis is an acceptable area for expert testimony. An Alaska State Police officer uses blood spatters on a crab-fishing ship to determine where the victim was standing when shot.
• Sets precedent in Alaska.
1971
The United States Department of Justice publishes a report, “Flight Characteristics and Stain Patterns of Human Blood,” by Herbert Leon MacDonell, an instructor at a two-year college in New York with a master's degree. It becomes a foundational text in the field of bloodstain-pattern analysis.
1973
MacDonell teaches his first Bloodstain Institute, a weeklong workshop, in Jackson, Miss., training police officers as bloodstain-pattern analysts. Months later, he teaches a second institute in Elmira, N.Y. Over the next few decades, MacDonell will train more than 1,000 new analysts.
1979
Compton v. Commonwealth
The Supreme Court of Virginia rules that bloodstain-pattern analysis is a proper area for expert testimony. A Danville police officer testifies that bloodless circles on the floor helped determine that the victim was probably sitting at a table when shot.
• Sets precedent in Virginia.
1980
People v. Erickson
An Illinois appellate court upholds a man's conviction for murdering his wife. MacDonell testifies that blood patterns on the defendant's clothes suggest that his wife's blood spattered on him while he attacked her. On appeal, the court doesn't rule on the issue of admissibility of experts in bloodstain-pattern analysis, because the defendant did not specifically appeal MacDonell's admission as an expert.
• The case does not set bloodstain-pattern-analysis precedent in Illinois, but it is later cited by courts in Michigan and Texas to support the admission of experts in the field.
State v. Hall
The Supreme Court of Iowa affirms the admission of bloodstain-pattern evidence and the admission of MacDonell as an expert. The court refers to MacDonell's field as “relatively uncomplicated” and, as a result, does not require extensive proof of its reliability. The judges write, “The evidence offered to show the reliability of the bloodstain analysis included: (1) Professor MacDonell's considerable experience and his status as the leading expert in the field; (2) the existence of national training programs; (3) the existence of national and state organizations for experts in the field; (4) the offering of courses on the subject in several major schools; (5) use by police departments throughout the country in their day-to-day operations; (6) the holding of annual seminars; and (7) the existence of specialized publications.” The court does not acknowledge that MacDonell himself is the source of almost all these indicators of reliability.
• Sets precedent in Iowa.
1981
State v. Hilton
The Supreme Judicial Court of Maine discusses the testimony of an expert in bloodstain-pattern analysis but does not actually rule on the issue of admissibility of such testimony.
• The case does not set precedent in Maine, but it is later cited by courts in Idaho and Texas to support the admission of experts in bloodstain-pattern analysis.
1982
State v. Melson
The Supreme Court of Tennessee affirms a man's murder conviction and death sentence and finds that bloodstain-pattern-analysis testimony of MacDonell was properly admitted.
• Sets precedent in Tennessee.
1983
MacDonell holds his first Advanced Bloodstain Institute. Twenty-two graduates of the advanced class go on to form the International Association of Bloodstain Pattern Analysts, and Tom Bevel, an Oklahoma police officer and former student of MacDonell's, becomes its first president.
Farris v. State
The Court of Criminal Appeals of Oklahoma rules that bloodstain-pattern analysis is a proper area for expert testimony. In a murder case under review, Bevel had testified that the bloodstains showed that the defendant struck the victim multiple times after shooting him and that the victim tried to defend himself.
• Sets precedent in Oklahoma, citing cases in Alaska and California.
1984
People v. Knox
An appellate court in Illinois accepts bloodstain-pattern analysis as a proper area of expertise and holds that a police officer who takes a three-week course with MacDonell is qualified to testify as an expert.
• Sets precedent in Illinois.
1985
Jordan v. State
The Supreme Court of Mississippi holds that even if a court erred in admitting a bloodstain-pattern analyst, the testimony was not influential enough to merit a retrial. The expert in the case attended a one-week institute with MacDonell in 1973, the first year the course was offered.
1987
Lewis v. State
An appellate court in Texas affirms the reliability of bloodstain-pattern analysis and MacDonell's qualification to testify as an expert witness.
• Sets precedent in Texas, citing cases in California, Illinois, Maine and Tennessee.
Fox v. State
The Supreme Court of Indiana upholds a conviction and finds that the expert in bloodstain-pattern analysis who testified in a murder case is qualified because he met Indiana's requirements for expert witnesses: His knowledge exceeded that of an “average layperson,” and he had sufficient knowledge and skill to aid the judge and jury at trial. The detective who testified had attended one course on bloodstain-pattern analysis in 1980 and had never testified about such evidence before.
• Sets precedent in Indiana.
1990
State v. Moore
The Supreme Court of Minnesota rules that bloodstain-pattern analysis is a proper area for expert testimony and that a serology expert who has never taken a course on bloodstain-pattern analysis is qualified enough to testify as an expert.
• Sets precedent in Minnesota, citing cases in Illinois, Iowa and Texas.
1991
State v. Rodgers
The Supreme Court of Idaho decides that bloodstain-pattern analysis is an appropriate area for expert testimony. The two experts in the case had trained with MacDonell and Bevel. The court affirms the men's admission as experts, saying they each meet Idaho's legal standard, which requires only that experts be more knowledgeable on a topic than an average juror.
• Sets precedent in Idaho, citing cases in Maine, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Texas.
1995
State v. Goode
The Supreme Court of North Carolina rules that bloodstain-pattern analysis is admissible as expert testimony and upholds the death sentence for a defendant convicted of two counts of first-degree murder. The expert, Duane Deaver, worked in forensics for the State Bureau of Investigation and had studied bloodstain-pattern analysis with former students of MacDonell and Kirk. Deaver testified that the defendant, who appeared to have no blood on his clothes, actually had minuscule blood spots on his boots.
• Sets precedent in North Carolina, citing cases in Idaho, Indiana, Iowa, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Virginia. People v. Haywood
People v. Haywood
The Michigan Court of Appeals affirms the admission of bloodstain-pattern-analysis testimony and holds, among other reasons, that because bloodstain-pattern analysis is not a novel technique, extensive proof of its reliability is not required.
• Sets precedent in Michigan, citing cases in California and Texas.
2001
State v. Halake
The Tennessee Court of Criminal Appeals overturns a conviction of first-degree murder, finding that a police officer who had never attended a full course in bloodstain-pattern analysis was improperly admitted as an expert at trial. The court contrasts the officer's credentials with experts admitted by other courts, including MacDonell.
2004
Holmes v. State
The Texas Court of Appeals holds that a detective who attended one weeklong bloodstain-pattern-analysis institute is sufficiently qualified to testify as an expert witness and upholds Texas' longstanding acceptance of bloodstain-pattern analysis as a reliable technique fit for expert testimony.
• Sets precedent in Texas, citing cases from 15 other states.
2009
A groundbreaking National Academy of Sciences study finds serious deficiencies in the field of forensic science in the United States and notes that “the uncertainties associated with bloodstain-pattern analysis are enormous.” The authors note that “in general, the opinions of bloodstain-pattern analysts are more subjective than scientific.”
A federal court finds that Duane Deaver, who testified as a bloodstain analyst in the 1995 North Carolina case State v. Goode, had performed inadequate testing. An audit of the state forensics lab where he worked will find the next year that Deaver provided misleading information on his reports for years. By the time these findings are public, judges in Tennessee and Texas will already have cited State v. Goode in deciding to admit bloodstain-pattern analysis as a reliable field.
2018
In January, the Texas Forensic Science Commission holds a one-day hearing, prompted in part by its investigation into the role that a minimally trained bloodstain-pattern analyst played in the convictions of Joe Bryan. In February, the commission decides to create an accreditation requirement for bloodstain-pattern-analysis experts in Texas.
On Ahmed Fahour
Laurie Patton writes: Re. “Eight ridiculous reasons for paying Ahmed Fahour an obscene amount of money” (Tuesday)
It's worth noting that direct reports usually get around 60-70 percent of the CEO's salary. 10 people report to the boss of Australia Post. On, say, around $3 million each, this would really add up. The total executive remuneration bill must just about equal net profit. Might even beat it.
On the Greens record
Colin Smith writes: Re. “Preferences dominate Parliament on who dealt with Hanson and how” (Monday)
Bernard Keane – the Greens didn't “cave in” on Senate voting reform, backpacker tax and tax transparency. On the first we seized an opportunity to achieve an urgent reform we had advocated for 12 years; on the second, we ended a stupid impasse in an acceptable manner; and on the third we got something that was better than nothing.
And if our Senators hadn't done these things they would have been accused of making the perfect the enemy of the good.
On Pi.O
Alan Wearne writes: Re. “Remembering the smell of lamb stew in Fitzroy's badlands” (Friday)
The substantial recent Guy Rundle review of leading Australian poet Pi O's homage to his Fitzroy stamping ground is to be applauded . That this review comes from a ‘civilian' outside of the poetry circus only adds to my applause. Rundle's belief in Pi O and his work contrasts solidly with that of the editors of the recent contemporary Australian poetry anthology which, while bloated with over 200 contributors, shamefully omitted Pi O.
On the omnibus bill
Joe Boswell writes: Re. “Government's omnibus turns into a flaming wreck” (Tuesday)
The nation will not have been greatly surprised that Scott Morrison and his pals tried to blackmail the Senate by threatening to harm the disabled if the Senate did not roll over and pass his rotten bill. Who could forget his 2014 effort, when the Senate's hand was forced by his threat that children imprisoned in his ghastly offshore concentration camps would not be released unless he was given unprecedented powers over refugees? As Senator Ricky Muir said then, he was “forced into a corner to decide between a bad decision and a worse decision, a position I do not wish on my worst enemies”. Sadly, Muir and other cross-bench senators chose the worse decision, so of course Morrison is using blackmail again; but now it seems the Senate might have learned its lesson.
When it comes to performance, many overlook the backside of the equation, more commonly known as the exhaust. The old adage that what goes in must also come out, should immediately come to mind when talking about any performance motor. After all, our beloved internal combustion engine is nothing more than a glorified air pump. Using this analogy, the secret to improved performance is to get our air pump to process more air. It is important to note that people often think in terms of sizing when it comes to improving the pump, as in bigger is better. If we make the intake, throttle body or head ports bigger, it should pump more air, right? Unfortunately, simply improving the flow rate of a single component does not guarantee increased flow through our pump (or more power out of it). The key is to get the air all the way through the pump. This is where improvements to the exhaust come into play, and again, bigger is not always the answer. While a bigger exhaust system might flow more exhaust, if the exhaust itself is not a restriction, we are back to square one to improve power.
If bigger is not the answer, how do we go about improving the power of the internal combustion engine? There are actually many routes to improved performance, including more displacement, forced induction, and even nitrous oxide, but we took the bolt-on route for our 351W crate motor. More specifically, we improved the flow of the exhaust system, but not just by making it bigger. In truth, long-tube headers can often flow less than their short-tube counterparts, as increased tube length actually decreases absolute flow. How then, does a header that might flow less, improve power, you ask? The key to the success of a long-tube header is something we refer to as scavenging. Header design is much more than just flow, as the pressure pulses work much like the reflected waves in the induction system, only in reverse. The negative pressure waves actually arrive back at the combustion chamber to help draw intake air in through the open intake valve during overlap. Naturally the design also helps improve exhaust flow out of the chamber, and what rpm this occurs is based on the design parameters (like primary length) of the headers. Tune the headers to match the effective operating rpm range of motor, and watch the power needle climb.
To demonstrate the tuning effect offered by long-tube headers, we set up a test comparing a typical shorty replacement header with a traditional long-tube header. Though we ran this test on a 351W, both headers were actually designed for the smaller fuel-injected, 5.0L 302, which shares the same cylinder head configuration. The taller deck height offered by the 351W (compared to the low-deck 302) did not present a problem on the dyno, as exhaust clearance was not an issue. To get things started, we even ran a set of stock 5.0L tubular exhaust manifolds. Rather than the more common cast-iron variety, the fuelie Ford received tubular manifolds, albeit small-diameter units designed more for ease of installation and service than actual performance. Nevertheless, the stock manifolds worked well, in fact every bit as well as the shorty headers on this 351W application. We have seen combinations respond to the shorty headers, but usually the gains are minimal, as the shorty design might offer improvements in flow over the stock manifolds, but does not offer any scavenging like the long-tube variety.
The test mule for our header comparison started out life as a 385hp 351W crate motor from Ford Racing. No longer offered, the crate motor featured a Sportsman block equipped with a cast crank and rods, but beefed up slightly with the use of forged (dish) pistons. When combined with the original GT-40 aluminum heads, the 351W offered a 9:1 compression ratio, but things changed some time over the last decade. We discovered this motor hiding under plastic at Westech Performance, forgotten for a good 10 years or so. Since new, the motor had received a head swap, replacing the GT-40 heads with a set of Holley aluminum heads (also no longer available). Though much of this stuff is antiquated, the results carry over to almost any Windsor, including any 5.8L you might snatch cheaply from a local wrecking yard. We knew the motor was equipped with a reasonably mild cam, a Performer RPM Air Gap intake (with 750 Ultra XP carb) and ran well, so all we had to do was swap some headers and we were in business!
After prepping the modified crate motor for dyno use with some fresh Lucas 5W-30 synthetic oil, a Meziere electric water pump, and an MSD ignition system, we were off and running. Though our test was really a comparison between the shorty and long-tube headers, we started out with the stock 5.0L manifolds and collector extensions. Run in this manner, the 351W produced 404 hp and 413 lb-ft of torque. After back-up runs showed repeatability, we replaced the stock manifolds with 1 5/8-inch, non-equal length, shorty headers. Before you call fowl on the 1 5/8-inch sizing versus the 1 ¾-inch long tubes we ended with (or the lack of equal-length shorties), you should understand a few things. In our testing, equal-length shorty headers offered no power gains over their un-equal counterpart, and it wasn't the tubing size that limited the power production of the shorty headers. The long-tube headers offered dramatic power gains not because they flowed more, but because they offered the scavenging affect that improved cylinder filling. How else do you account for the big torque gains at the lower engine speeds, where maximum flow is less important?
After running the stock manifolds, it was time to install the shorty headers. We made quick work of that task and were somewhat surprised that the shorty headers offered no change in the power output over the stock manifolds. We have run many tests on shorty headers and have seen small gains, but on this mild 351W, the shorty headers produced not just identical peak numbers, but the entire curves were the same. This changed after installation of the long-tube headers, as the 1 ¾-inch Hooker Super Comp headers (for a Fox chassis) improved power production through the entire rev range. The peaks jumped to 420 hp at 6,100 rpm and 429 lb-ft of torque at 4,300 rpm, but torque production improved by over 20 lb-ft below 4,000 rpm, proving once again that real headers are long and strong!
Modified 351W Header Test-Shorty vs Long Tube
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. (AP) — Despite disappointment that their Minnesota Vikings won't be the first team to play a Super Bowl in their home stadium, state officials and team owners opened their arms to Super Bowl fans on Monday as they kicked off a week of events before Sunday's game between the Philadelphia Eagles and New England Patriots.
Democratic Gov. Mark Dayton proclaimed it Super Bowl Week in the state, and Minnesota Host Committee co-chairman Doug Baker promised fans a week they won't forget.
Many events include a local flair and outdoor activities that seek to turn the state's snow and ice into a strength — what promoters are calling the "Bold North."
"This is Minnesota. It's not going to be Florida balmy. But it's going to be Minnesota cold, and we're proud of it," Dayton said. "We're proud of our state. And we're just very much willing to welcome everybody who wants to come up here."
Officials say the Super Bowl wouldn't have come to Minnesota's northern climate without U.S. Bank Stadium, which opened in 2016. Dayton and Minnesota lawmakers in 2012 approved a financing package for the facility, which had taxpayers paying nearly half the cost of the $1.1 billion stadium.
Vikings owner Zygi Wilf said Monday the partnership that got the roofed stadium built "is a great template for other cities to see that it's not just a one-way street." Wilf said that while locales in warmer climates are more likely to draw future Super Bowls, this joint venture between the owners and the city and state resulted in what he called "the best stadium in the United States."
The Vikings fell one win short of landing on the NFL's biggest stage after losing the NFC championship game to the Eagles 38-7 . Instead, the Eagles will be here seeking their first Vince Lombardi Trophy, trying to deny the Patriots a sixth Super Bowl title.
Neither team has played in U.S. Bank Stadium.
Though he joked about wearing a purple tie "in defiance," Dayton said the state will set aside its disappointment that the Vikings aren't in the Super Bowl and will welcome all visitors, even suggesting: "Behave yourselves — and dress warmly."
Perhaps as proof that "Minnesota Nice" really does exist, more than 10,000 people have volunteered to direct visitors and help keep things running smoothly during the week. In addition to bringing the Super Bowl to Minnesota, the host committee has spent the last year investing $5 million in grants to improve the health and wellness of kids around the state.
"I'm often asked what makes Super Bowl 52 unique, and the conversation often turns to the cold and to the weather. But my real answer is, it's the people," NFL Senior Vice President of Events Peter O'Reilly said. "It's the people and the energy and the warmth here in the Bold North that is really coming through."
___
Follow Amy Forliti on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/amyforliti . More of her work at: https://apnews.com/search/amy%20forliti
___
For more AP NFL coverage: http://pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
On the first day of IBM Think 2018 , the company's flagship conference, IBM has unveiled what it claims is the world's smallest computer . It's smaller than a grain of salt and features the computer power of the x86 chip from 1990. Mashable first spotted this gem:
The Phoenix (17-31-1) are back in action tomorrow, April 18, to take on host Freed-Hardeman for a doubleheader beginning at 2 p.m., before rounding out their regular season on Thursday at Montreat College.
The RedHawks (14-26) got on board in the fourth inning scoring in one for a 1-0 advantage but Cumberland tied the game with an RBI single by Imani Torregano in the fifth. In the top of the seventh Dunn singled to left field driving in Taylor Woodring and Kayala Hoppenjans for the 3-1 win.
Tyra Graham went 2-for-4 and added one run and Jocelyn Hernandez added one hit and two walks. Kaitlin Kralj (5-12) picked up the victory, allowing four hits and no runs in three innings of relief. Nicole Pratt opened the game up for the squad, pitching three innings and allowing one run on four hits.
Caylee Porter and Shelbi Byler added two hits for Martin Methodist and Katlyn Andrin added one hit and one RBI. Baylee Mellott tossed five innings, allowing one run on five hits and striking out four. Riley Fleming (2-2) took the loss, allowing two runs on two hits and walking three batters in two innings of work.
Tessa Tomaselli started the Phoenix off with a solo homer in the second inning for a 1-0 lead. Back to back RBI singles by Torregano and Hernandez in the fifth put the squad ahead, 3-0.
A one-run triple by Hernandez in the sixth sparked a six-run inning as Dunn doubled down the right field line to bring across Hernandez. A grand slam for Montgomery secured the Phoenix 9-0 victory.
Tomaselli went 3-for-4 with two runs and one RBI and Montgomery recorded two hits, one run and four RBIs. Alexa Snyder (6-7) pitched CU to victory, allowing no runs on three hits and striking out seven in seven innings of work.
The RedHawks' Raegan Hannah collected two hits in the nightcap and Leisha Yamauchi added one. Deanna Stevens (3-6) took the loss allowing three runs and seven hits in five innings and Sydney Watson tossed two innings in relief, allowing six runs on six hits.
In the fifth inning of the opener Cumberland's Graham singled to center field with two outs. Graham stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch, putting her in perfect scoring position. A Torregano single up the middle plated Graham to tie the game at 1-1.
Hoppenjans drew a walk to start the seventh off and Woodring reached on a fielder's choice. A sacrifice bunt by Torregano advanced both base runners to second and third. Hernandez drew a walk to load the bases for CU and Dunn followed with a two-run single to left field to pull the squad ahead, 3-1.
Tomaselli's solo homer to left field in the second inning put the Phoenix on the board for a 1-0 lead. In the fifth inning Woodring singled to right field and advanced to second on a wild pitch with two outs. Torregano's infield single scored in Woodring and Torregano advanced to second on a fielding error. Hernandez followed with an RBI single to right field that brought home Torregano to pull ahead 3-0.
Graham singled up the middle in the seventh inning and Torregano grounded out to the shortstop but Graham advanced to second on the play. A triple to right center by Hernandez scored home Graham and Dunn's RBI double to right field drove in Hernandez to take a 5-0 lead.
Miles drew a walk and Tomaselli singled to load the bases for Cumberland and Montgomery's grand slam to left field sent the Phoenix to a 9-0 victory in the final game of the day.
THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) — Dutch police say four people have been killed in a collision between a minibus and a truck in the southern town of Helmond.
Police in the East Branbant region say in a tweet that four people travelling in the minibus were killed in the accident Monday in the town 125 kilometers (78 miles) southeast of Amsterdam. The driver of the truck was seriously injured.
The cause of the accident and further details were not immediately available.
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “activate now” button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
Mother of missing IDF soldier Hadar Goldin points out that PA sets preconditions for negotiating - but Israel does not.
Dr. Leah Goldin, the mother of missing IDF soldier Hadar Goldin, on Wednesday slammed Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu, telling him to learn from Palestinian Authority Chairman Mahmoud Abbas how to negotiate.
IDF soldiers Hadar Goldin and Oron Shaul were murdered during a UN-initiated "ceasefire" during 2014's Operation Protective Edge. Since then, Hamas has held their bodies in hopes of exchanging them for living terrorists.
Speaking at a conference held by the Knesset's Lobby to Bring the Soldiers Home, Goldin said, "During the past week, we've understood that Abu Mazen (Abbas - ed.) is the one who sets preconditions for the international bodies working to find a solution for Gaza's humanitarian situation."
"But Netanyahu and the Israeli government don't put returning our soldiers' bodies as a precondition," she added.
"The United Nations Security Council and the European Union already understand this, but the Prime Minister sits quietly and does not do anything."
‘An embodiment of Ronaldo and Messi' – Twitter reacts to Mohamed Salah's records – Goal.com
Goal.com 'An embodiment of Ronaldo and Messi' – Twitter reacts to Mohamed Salah's records
Goal.com
The impressive performance by the Egyptian against as AS Roma on Tuesday night drew wonder of football fans on Twitter. Fuelled by his impressive performance this season, Mohamed Salah laid a huge one, in the form of a brace, as Liverpool spanked AS …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Valerie Jarrett, a onetime adviser to former President Barack Obama, wants to turn a racist tweet aimed at her by Roseanne Barr into "a teaching moment," she said.
Interested in Roseanne? Add Roseanne as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Roseanne news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Just hours after ABC canceled Barr's show "Roseanne" over what the TV network's entertainment division president Channing Dungey called an "abhorrent, repugnant" post by the actress and comedian, Jarrett said Tuesday during an MSNBC town hall on "Everyday Racism in America, "I'm fine."
"First of all, I think we have to turn it into a teaching moment," she said.
Bryan Bedder/Getty Images
Barr, 65, took to Twitter early Tuesday morning, writing that Jarrett would be the result if the "Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby." Barr later removed the tweet and issued an apology for her "stupid tweet."
Within 12 hours, however, the Disney Co.'s ABC canceled Barr's hit show that premiered March 27 and was watched by a stunning 27 million viewers.
Jarrett, 61, said Bob Iger, chief executive of ABC's parent company, Disney, called her before the announcement was made to apologize.
"He said he had zero tolerance for that sort of racist, bigoted comment and he wanted me to know before he made it public that he was canceling [Barr's] show and so I appreciate that they did that so swiftly," Jarrett said.
Jarrett, who was born in Iran to American parents and raised in the United States, had been the target of false allegations that she practiced Islam during her tenure in the Obama administration.
Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File
"I'm worried about all the people out there who don't have a circle of friends and followers who came to their defense," Jarrett said at the town hall.
Without mentioning Barr's friendship to President Donald Trump, Jarrett implied that controversial comments from the sitting president, which have included name-calling and belittling critics on Twitter, have emboldened some of his supporters to follow his lead.
"The tone does start at the top, and we like to look up to our president and feel as though he reflects the values of our country," she said. "But I also think every individual citizen has a responsibility too, and it's up to all of us to push back. Our government is only going to be as good as we make it be."
Jarrett noted that the brouhaha over Barr's tweet came on the same day that 175,000 Starbucks employees were undergoing implicit-bias training that stemmed from an incident in April in which two African-American men were arrested at a Philadelphia Starbucks for occupying a table without making a purchase. Trespassing charges against the men were later dropped and the top leaders of Starbucks and the Philadelphia police commissioner apologized to them.
Jarrett urged Americans to talk about "those ordinary examples of racism that happen every single day."
While social media can be a positive tool, she said, "it can also dehumanize because it's distant."
"You don't have to look at the faces you're attacking," she added.
ABC News is a division of the Disney Co.
Get experts to tackle economic challenges, PDP tells Buhari
By Ben Agande
Abuja — The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to urgently employ the services of economic experts to put in place viable policies that would revamp the nation's ailing economy.
In his New Year message to Nigerians,National Chairman of the party, Senator Ahmed Makarfi, blamed the crisis in the country on bad policies of government.
The statement by the National Publicity Secretary of the party, Prince Dayo Adeyeye, urged Nigerians to work harder and not be discouraged by the present economic crisis.
He said: “The National Chairman of PDP, Makarfi, on behalf of all organs of the PDP and its family nationwide, compliment Nigerians as we usher in the New Year 2017.
“We charge Nigerians in this New Year to work harder and trust in their capacities to surmount the current economic condition in the country by the grace of God. The bad policies of the Progressives Congress, APC-led government, no doubt, have occasioned this economic recession with its attendant consequences of extreme hardship, starvation, deprivation, insecurity and rise in ethnic, sectional and political agitations for self-determination.
“The ‘transformation agenda' of the last PDP administration brought a lot of hope to Nigerians, the African sub region and our economy at large. Nigeria's economy, before handing over to the APC in May 2015, was declared the largest and the fastest growing in Africa (number one) which is now nowhere near number 30. Why is that? Incompetence it is.
“It is not gainsaying that the PDP had better policies and programmes of reforming Nigeria's economy to provide better living condition for its citizens' well-being, which it did. We hope the government of the day changes its policies of high taxations with almost non-economic activity while providing palliatives in 2017 to reduce the effect of the recession, and the country will be better for it in the coming years.
“Against this backdrop, we again advise the APC-led administration in this year 2017 to urgently employ the services of economic experts to put in place viable policies that will revamp our ailing economy.
“We are presently in recession because of significant decline in government business in both internal and external spheres. The Federal Government should increase money supply, cause rise in disposable income (spending) and decrease mindless taxations which have led to high inflation and multiple prices in money market.”
The post Get experts to tackle economic challenges, PDP tells Buhari appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LUXEMBOURG (AP) — Greece is hoping to secure more bailout funds to meet a summer debt repayment hump as well as a debt relief deal at a meeting of finance ministers from the 19-country eurozone.
The country, which has been promised help on its mountain of debt once its bailout ends next year, is again the main topic of discussion at a meeting of the so-called eurogroup Thursday.
The main obstacle to an agreement is a difference of opinion between the eurozone and the International Monetary Fund over Greece's long-term debt outlook.
The expectation is Greece will get the roughly 7 billion euros ($7.8 billion) due, but will struggle to clinch the outlines of a debt relief deal that Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras thinks is crucial for the country's economy in the long-term.
Dortmund football team bus blasts: what we know
Three explosions hit German football team Borussia Dortmund's bus last Tuesday (April 11) ahead of a Champions League home game, injuring a player and a policeman.
Three separate claims of responsiblity have been made so far but no new suspect has emerged.
Here is what we know and the latest developments in the investigation:
– Three explosions –
At around 7:15 pm (1715 GMT) on Tuesday, three explosions detonated just minutes after Dortmund's team bus left the squad's hotel heading for their quarter-final, first-leg match against Monaco at home.
The blast shattered the bus windows, and Spanish international Marc Bartra, 26, underwent surgery on a broken wrist after he was hit by flying glass.
A policeman on a motorcycle escorting the team bus suffered trauma from the noise of the blasts.
The explosive devices containing metal pieces appear to have been hidden in a hedge and were set off as the bus passed.
The blast had a radius of more than 100 metres (yards), federal prosecutors said, adding that it was lucky the toll was not heavier.
A piece of metal was found bored into the headrest of a bus seat.
The match was postponed for a day.
– Three claims of responsibility –
The probe has been taken over by federal prosecutors, whose remit includes terror investigations.
Since the attack, three claims of responsibility have emerged.
The first claim, in three identical letters found at the scene, suggested an Islamist link.
It referred to the Berlin Christmas market attack in December claimed by the Islamic State group that killed 12 people, as well as Germany's deployment of Tornado reconnaissance missions as part of an international anti-IS coalition.
But security sources have since questioned the authenticity of the letters and experts have suggested that the claim may have been made to send investigators on the wrong trail.
A second claim, purporting to be from the “anti-fascist” far left, was made online, but prosecutors quickly cast doubt on it.
The Tagesspiegel newspaper, meanwhile, said it had received a third claim by email, this time apparently from far-right circles.
The message rails against multiculturalism, saying it was the motive behind the blasts and threatening another attack.
Frauke Koehler, federal prosecutor spokeswoman, said that authorities were examining the email, and that her office was unable as yet to give an assessment of the note.
– 100 investigators –
Investigators said they were examining all leads, with about 100 officers involved in the probe.
“The investigations are continuing in all directions and are running at full-speed,” a spokeswoman from the federal crime bureau BKA said.
No suspect has emerged after the sole man in custody — an Iraqi — was cleared of involvement.
Nevertheless there are clues to be looked into.
Experts are examining the traces of the bombs, including their composition and how they were detonated.
Forensic investigators have also combed the site for evidence, for instance left behind in the hedges when the bombs were planted.
As the blasts happened close to the hotel where the team was staying, hotel employees and guests have been questioned.
Residents in the area have also been asked for any possible sightings of suspicious individuals, who could have detonated the bombs by remote control.
The post Dortmund football team bus blasts: what we know appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Southern California's tourism trade looks to be enjoying a relatively solid 2017.
Industry stats show busy local airports, hotels a bit challenged by an increase of rooms to fill, and leisure and hospitality bosses continue to hire.
Tourism's days of hot expansion out of the recession may be over. Yet the year's modest progress isn't shabby considering the numerous challenges from wobbly economic prospects limiting business travel to international tensions trimming foreign visits to the anticipation of Disneyland's upcoming Star Wars attraction, which may delay some trips.
Here's a look at three key yardsticks of the region's tourism trade …
Busy skies
Why does your favorite local airport seem so crowded?
Don't blame security checks as it's been a busy year so far for Southern California airports.
According to data from the six major airports, 62.9 million passengers went through the area's terminals in 2017's first seven months, up 2.8 million in a year or a gain of 4.7 percent.
Much of that regional passenger gain occurred at giant Los Angeles International. Its 37.1 million passengers were up 1.2 million year to date, a gain of 3.3 percent.
Long Beach Airport had the biggest percentage gain in the area: Its 2.2 million passengers were up 43 percent in a year.
Hollywood Burbank Airport's 2.6 million count was up 13.6 percent. Ontario Airport had 2.6 million passengers so far in 2017, up 6.8 percent. And San Diego Airport drew 12.6 million, up 5.3 percent.
The only Southern California travel decline was at Orange County's John Wayne Airport, as its 5.9 million passengers were off 1.8 percent vs. 2016.
Too roomy?
Is the local hotel industry too eager to expand?
Southern California hotels appeared to be struggling with a growing supply of empty rooms this summer. In August, for example, all five local markets tracked by CBRE Hotels had dips in occupancy rates vs. a year ago, while room rates fell in Los Angeles and Orange County compared with 2016.
Local hotel owners have added competition this year amid an industry building surge. Additionally, hotels may be paying a price for increasing room rates and making visitors rethink their lodging plans.
Year to date, all five Southern California markets had higher average room rates vs. the first eight months of 2016 but only two markets — Palm Springs and San Diego — filled a higher share of rooms in 2017.
Here's how local markets have fared, year-to-date through August vs. 2016's results for the same period for average room rates and occupancy, according to CBRE Hotels data …
Los Angeles: Averaged $211 a night, up $1 in a year; 84 percent full vs. 85.4 percent a year ago.
Orange County: $191 — up $5; 81.1 percent full vs. 81.9 percent.
Western Inland Empire: $118 — up $6; 78.9 percent full, flat vs. 2016.
Palm Springs: $195 — up $5; 66.6 percent full vs. 65.4 percent.
San Diego: $194 — up $7; 83.3 percent full vs. 82 percent.
A strong tourism rebound from the recession has gotten hotel developers busy.
Atlas Hospitality reported that in 2017's first half, 10 hotels opened in Los Angeles with 2,527 rooms total; three opened in both Orange County (461 rooms) and Inland Empire (411 rooms), and two in San Diego (433 rooms.)
And Atlas says developers have filed plans in the five-county area to build 410 more hotels with 67,805 rooms — though nowhere near all will be built any year soon.
Hiring spree
Workers and wages started 2017 in growth mode at Southern California's leisure and hospitality industries.
In the five-county area, leisure and hospitality bosses employed 1.07 million in the first quarter, up 30,500 or 2.9 percent in a year, federal jobs figures show. This job category includes workers at theme parks and other local attractions as well as staffs at restaurants, both fast-food and sit-down eateries.
San Bernardino County had the fastest pace of leisure and hospitality hiring with a 5.8 percent increase in a year. Job growth in all Southern California industries was 2 percent.
The average weekly wage for leisure and hospitality workers, many of whom do not work full time, was $541 in the first quarter after rising 7 percent in a year.
Orange County had the industry's largest wage gain at 8.7 percent. In an era where bosses scramble to find qualified workers, wage growth at all Southern California businesses was 7.4 percent.
Here is how Southern California's leisure and hospitality bosses hired and paid, by county, for the first quarter vs. first three months of 2016 …
Los Angeles County: 506,800 jobs, up 2.6 percent; pay $621 a week, up 6.7 percent.
Orange County: 211,200 jobs, up 2.1 percent; pay $499 a week, up 8.7 percent.
San Diego County: 190,000 jobs, up 3.4 percent; pay $495 a week, up 6.9 percent.
Riverside County: 93,100 jobs, up 3.5 percent; pay $430 a week, up 6.2 percent.
San Bernardino County: 73,200 jobs, up 5.8 percent; pay $363 a week, up 6.5 percent.
Remember, leisure and hospitality businesses depend heavily on confident consumers and the local tourist trade. And industry bosses adding staff strongly suggests they see solid conditions for future growth.
ICYMI: How did California airports score in the latest national quality rankings?
Kenya: Has Socialite Vera Sidika Found a New Squeeze? – AllAfrica.com
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Police in Canada's biggest city are piecing together witness accounts and surveillance video trying to determine why a driver plowed a rented van along a crowded sidewalk, killing 10 people and injuring 15 in what many said seemed a deliberate attack.
Source: WAOW.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Marty's Gastro Pub and Bomber's Sports Bar have expanded their beers on tap to provide a greater variety for patrons.
The two establishments now feature 58 different tap beers which is 24 more than previously offered. Combined with beers offered in bottles and cans, Marty's and Bomber's now provides approximately 90 beer options.
Owner Daryl Fellbaum said he expanded beer selection as he noticed a growing demand for a large variety. Many people have developed a taste for craft beers and enjoy sampling a variety of options, and Marty's & Bomber's is sure to please the taste buds.
Equipped with a glycol cooling system, each beer on tap is sure to come out cold and with less foam.
The new selection includes beers from breweries in Wyoming including brews from Sheridan, Jackson, and soon one from Rock Springs.
Regional beers on tap include options from Wyoming, Colorado, Montana, and Utah.
While enjoying a refreshing, cold beer, patrons can enjoy a variety of food from the full menu while watching one of the 60 televisions—20 in Marty's and 40 in Bomber's.
Marty's and Bomber's are located at 1549 Elk Street in Rock Springs. You can learn more on their Facebook page and on their website www.martybombers.com.
NEW YORK — Pitcher Tyler Duffey has been brought up from the minor leagues by the Minnesota Twins.
The 27-year-old right-hander allowed three hits and a pair of unearned runs in 11 innings over four relief appearances for Triple-A Rochester this season.
He is 16-16 with a 5.29 ERA in 36 starts and 56 relief appearances for the Twins over the past three seasons. He was 2-3 with a 4.94 ERA in 56 relief appearances with Minnesota last year.
Duffey was recalled Tuesday and took the roster spot of right-hander Alan Busenitz, who was optioned to Rochester after allowing two runs in two-thirds of an inning in the Twins' 14-1 loss to the New York Yankees on Monday night.
WILLIAMSPORT, Pa. (AP) — Vandals have damaged a statue honoring Little League in the Pennsylvania town that hosts the annual Little League's World Series.
Williamsport Police say someone bent the bat in the Bases Loaded statue early in the morning on Jan. 21.
Surveillance cameras captured images of a male and a female who police believe are responsible for the damage. Police are seeking the suspects.
This lady regrets ignoring BBN winner, Miracle, two years ago – Pulse Nigeria
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A plan to use the former Silverado Elementary School property for a homeless shelter proved to be a non-starter on Tuesday, April 24, when Orange County supervisors decided behind closed doors to reject the idea.
Last week a group of South County mayors pitched the school site, which the county owns, for an emergency shelter. They will be notified the supervisors do not consider the site as suitable, Third District Supervisor Todd Spitzer said in a statement announcing the board's decision.
The southern communities have been criticized for not bearing their share of the county's homeless issue and instead leaving it to a few cities, including Santa Ana and Anaheim, to shelter people.
“The homeless need access to medical care, job training and mental health facilities and this rural library is not a good option,” Spitzer said in his released statement.
Nearly 40 people from the area spoke to oppose the plan at the supervisors' Tuesday meeting.
The former school property, on Santiago Canyon Road, has been used as a county library since July 2017.
South County officials have been meeting in an attempt to satisfy U.S. District Court Judge David O. Carter's request that they shelter a proportionate share of the county's homeless. Carter is overseeing a pair of civil rights lawsuits related to the recent clearing of tent encampments at the Santa Ana River Trail and at the Civic Center in Santa Ana.
Double eviction week in the Big Brother house is always tense. Fans and houseguests are permanently on edge as the battle for Head of Household, Power of Veto and the live eviction play out within a few nail-biting minutes. But nothing could prepare the BBCAN5 Odyssey for what was about to happen when the first double eviction shook up this season as Emily Hawkin and the season's veteran queenpin Neda Kalantar exited the house after a shocking major-alliance mutiny.
“I don't know how you're supposed to come to terms with losing out on your dream the second time,” Neda said in much better spirits than how fans last saw her when she exited the house in tears on Thursday night.
The evening's events escalated so quickly once her close ally Sindy Nguyen won the HoH competition and put Dillon Carman and Jackie McCurrach immediately on the block. But when Jackie saved herself with a veto win, Sindy was swayed by Ika Wong into backdooring Neda – even though they were all members of The Six alliance, who had been dominating the game all season.
The three faced off in a screaming match in the pantry before Neda was eventually evicted by a 7-1 vote.
“Sindy likes to make big moves for television. I think Sindy just took that opportunity to do it,” Neda explained, walking Postmedia Network through one of the most jaw-dropping evictions in the Canadian reality franchise's history.
“It was really tense. Me and Ika are really intense people already so for us to be going at each other, everyone's faces were like ‘What the heck is going on right now?' When I was named as the replacement nominee, I just kind of wanted to tell Sindy to stop her fake crying. That's all I wanted to say.”
But the 25-year-old entrepreneur stated that she knew Ika would turn on her eventually, as there were cracks in their alliance from the very beginning of the game.
“It really started early on. From Day 3, there was always something maybe every other day that happened with Ika where she was just an emotional person and very exhausting to work with. It was just a long time coming where the trust was getting chipped away.”
But Emily – who exited the Odyssey just prior to the drama – believes that it was the immunity advantage that Canada gifted Neda that really impacted how she played the game this season by contributing to how she treated people.
“That makes me so happy. Oh my god. That is fantastic. I love it,” Hawkin said when she found out it was Neda who left the house immediately after her.
“I think her whole game strategy would have been different if she didn't get that immunity. I think she started rubbing people the wrong way and was more entitled because she had that immunity and she knew nobody could touch her. But for Sindy to do that, it's kind of surprising. It's wicked-awesome but it just goes to show that nobody really trusts Neda 100%.”
Big Brother Canada airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Thursdays on Global.
8:25 p.m.
Reigning U.S. Open champion Sloane Stephens did not waste any time reaching the third round of the French Open, and her clinical display impressed former U.S. Davis Cup captain Patrick McEnroe.
Stephens, who did not play in Paris last year because of a foot injury, advanced at the clay-court Grand Slam with a 6-2, 6-2 win over qualifier Magdalena Frech.
"Just FYI. Sloane Stephens is winning this tournament," McEnroe tweeted after Stephens wrapped up her match in a little bit more than one hour.
Stephens had 17 winners to 13 unforced errors and did not face a break point.
___
7:55 p.m.
Caroline Wozniacki dropped just 25 points in her lopsided 6-1, 6-0 win over qualifier and Roland Garros debutant Georgina Garcia Perez of Spain, as the second-ranked Dane easily advanced to the third round of the French Open.
Wozniacki delivered a ruthless performance on Court Philippe Chatrier, limiting her mistakes to eight unforced errors. She did not face a break point and completed the win in 51 minutes. She put on a similar display in her opening match, hitting only 13 unforced errors in a straight-set victory.
Wozniacki won her first Grand Slam trophy at the Australian Open this year and can return to the No. 1 ranking held by Simona Halep by winning the title in Paris.
___
7:30 p.m.
The French Open is Sam Querrey's least successful Grand Slam tournament and the American bowed out early again as this year's No. 12 seed.
He was beaten 1-6, 7-6 (3), 6-4, 6-1 by Gilles Simon of France in the second round.
Querrey hadn't even won a single match at Roland Garros since 2014 until beating Frances Tiafoe in the first round.
Querrey has been as far as the third round in Paris just once in 12 appearances.
___
6:50 p.m.
A young American man trying an underhanded serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmmmm. Seen that before, haven't we? Except, unlike for 1989 champion Michael Chang, the unusual strategy didn't help result in a victory for Jared Donaldson against Grigor Dimitrov.
The fourth-seeded Dimitrov came back to beat the 21-year-old Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round marathon that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on Court 18 at Roland Garros.
When it ended, Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss — perhaps thanking his legs for carrying him to the win while Donaldson's gave way.
Donaldson, who is ranked 57th, was actually two points from winning when he led 6-5 in the fifth and got to love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points to hold for 6-all.
Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and served for the victory, but Donaldson broke right back.
In the next game, though, Donaldson could barely stand, let alone move well.
He double-faulted. Then he tried an underhand serve — not his first of the match, either — and lost the point.
Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 edge, Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover, and soon enough, it was over.
Chang famously used an underhand service motion while cramping during a fourth-round win against Ivan Lendl on the way to the French Open title 29 years ago.
___
6:30 p.m.
Kei Nishikori has rallied past local favourite Benoit Paire to reach the third round of the French Open for the fourth consecutive year.
The 19th-seeded Japanese player needed nearly three hours on Court Philippe Chatrier to win 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 against the Frenchman.
"He was attacking every shot," Nishikori said. "He has one of the best touches on the Tour, it was fun to play him and also a difficult match today."
___
6:15 p.m.
Second-seeded Alexander Zverev trailed by a set and a break — and was down a broken racket, too — before eventually collecting himself and coming back to beat 60th-ranked Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2 in the French Open's second round.
Zverev equaled his best showing at Roland Garros; he also reached the third round two years ago.
If the 21-year-old German is going to get to the round of 16 he'll need to do something he never has at a Grand Slam tournament: defeat a player ranked in the top 50. Zverev's next match comes against 26th-seeded Damir Dzumhur.
Lajovic lost his eighth consecutive match that stretched to five sets.
___
5:10 p.m.
Serena and Venus Williams have won their first Grand Slam doubles match in nearly two years.
The sisters moved into the second round of the French Open by coming back for a 4-6, 6-4, 6-1 victory over the 14th-seeded Japanese pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato in front of a Court 3 crowd that raucously supported the Americans.
The Williams-Williams duo last competed at a major tournament together at Wimbledon in 2016. They won their 14th Grand Slam title in women's doubles at the England Club.
This return to doubles came a day after Serena Williams participated in Grand Slam singles for the first time in 16 months, winning her first-round match at Roland Garros. Venus Williams lost in the first round of singles on Sunday.
___
3:50 p.m.
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych to reach the second round of the French Open.
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday, but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned. Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 (5), 7-6 (8), 1-6, 5-7, 6-2 win.
"At two sets all, it was difficult in my head, and physically, too," said Chardy, who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches. "I fought hard, all my body was shaking."
___
3:25 p.m.
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament.
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar, the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, his lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open.
___
3:10 p.m.
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years.
A day after Serena Williams made her return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence, winning her first-round match at the French Open, she is out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside her older sister, Venus.
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan.
The American siblings, owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, received a wild-card entry. They haven't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016.
Serena Williams hadn't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017. She gave birth to a daughter last September.
___
1:20 p.m.
Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open "lucky loser" has come to an end with a second-round exit.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile (1,000-kilometre) drive back to Paris in a rental car with his 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once he found out he could get into the main draw.
He then won his first-round match.
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours.
Still, Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money — and a great story to tell.
___
12:50 p.m.
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open.
It was the last match of the tournament's opening round.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, played poorly in the first set, with only four winners and 16 unforced errors. But she had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way, while Riske made more and more mistakes.
___
12:30 p.m.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open, making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0, 6-4 win on Court 1.
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when she was coming back to the tour after a knife attack in her home in 2016 that left her needing surgery on her left hand, her playing hand.
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012.
___
12:20 p.m.
Simona Halep has turned things around in her first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier, Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second, which she eventually took 6-1.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, cleaned up her game in the second set, with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener. Riske, meanwhile, had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set.
___
12 p.m.
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in her weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open, losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set.
In their only previous meeting on clay, in Rome in 2015, Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3, 6-0 victory. But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time.
___
11:20 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open, with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women's first round.
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms.
Halep, a two-time finalist at Roland Garros, needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto her No. 1 ranking. She won both of her previous matches against Riske.
On the men's side, 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round.
The second-seeded players in both the men's and women's draws, Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki, will also be in action.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
Social media reacts to the shooting at a Virginia baseball field, where lawmakers were practicing for the Congressional Baseball Game:
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 14, 2017
This morning the hearts of the whole House are with @SteveScalise, the brave Capitol police, staff, and all those who were in harm's way. — Paul Ryan (@SpeakerRyan) June 14, 2017
Thank you to the first responders who rushed in to help protect those who were hurt in Alexandria, VA. My thoughts & prayers to everyone! — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) June 14, 2017
"His social media is full of rants... but no threats." - @BrianRoss on shooting suspect James T. Hodgkinson, who has died. pic.twitter.com/45BwDQPCIy — Good Morning America (@GMA) June 14, 2017
Our prayers are with @SteveScalise and all involved in this morning's attack. Thank you to @CapitolPolice for your remarkable bravery. https://t.co/0US588lpI4 — House Republicans (@HouseGOP) June 14, 2017
We're thankful every day for the @CapitolPolice & other law enforcement who put their lives on the line to keep the American people safe. — House Democrats (@HouseDemocrats) June 14, 2017
RELATED: Latest updates | Photos
Praying for @SteveScalise, my colleagues, staff & officers involved in terrible shooting- appreciate @CapitolPolice's bravery & swift action — John McCain (@SenJohnMcCain) June 14, 2017
My heart is with my former colleagues, their families & staff, and the US Capitol Police- public servants and heroes today and every day. — Gabrielle Giffords (@GabbyGiffords) June 14, 2017
Horrified by what happened in Alexandria this morning. My heart goes out to Steve Scalise, staffers, the US Capitol Police & their families. — Kamala Harris (@KamalaHarris) June 14, 2017
Asking you to join me in prayer for @SteveScalise, @CapitolPolice, their staff & others at the Congressional baseball game practice this AM — Darrell Issa (@DarrellIssa) June 14, 2017
Horrified at the shooting in Alexandria. My thoughts and prayers with those injured. — Sen Dianne Feinstein (@SenFeinstein) June 14, 2017
On days like today, there are no Democrats or Republicans, only Americans united in our thoughts for the wounded. https://t.co/HcsiRCcFiP — Nancy Pelosi (@NancyPelosi) June 14, 2017
Praying for my colleagues, their staff, @CapitolPolice & others attacked this morning. Thankful for the first responders who saved lives. — Rep. Scott Peters (@RepScottPeters) June 14, 2017
My thoughts and prayers are with Rep. Scalise, Hill staffers, Capitol Police officers, and everyone affected by this morning's shooting. — Rep. Juan Vargas (@RepJuanVargas) June 14, 2017
11:25 Reported News Briefs Tishrei 16, 5778 , 06/10/17 Tishrei 16, 5778 , 06/10/17 With a gun in one hand and a camera in the other Read more Meet the soldiers who document top-secret IDF activities. 'You can already see the results of the work on the ground.' ► ◄ Last Briefs
Serenje Central MMD MP under fire from party members for flirting with the PF
MMD Serenje Central Member of Parliament Maxwell Kabanda, who is being courted by PF Secretary General Davies Mwila, has come under fire from his party for allegedly enticing members to go with him to the PF.
Speaking when the National Executive Committee and Central Province Executive Committee of MMD which is on a tour of the Central province visited the district on Monday, Serenje District Chairperson Kennedy Kango accused the lawmaker of forgetting who took him to parliament.
Kango explained to the NEC that the party was finding it hard to reorganise Selenje District because the person they suffered for to take to Parliament had not only neglected the party but he was busy confusing members that the two parties had merged hence they should officially be co-opted in the PF structures.
He explained that Kabanda was more interested in attending PF meetings as opposed to working with the people and the party that helped take him to Parliament.
He urged the party national secretary to discipline Kabanda and ensure that he is put in ‘line' before he completely destroys structures of the party.
In response, national secretary Raphael Nakacinda acknowledged the complaint saying he had heard so much about the happenings in the district and that the team was in the area to ensure that they get to the bottom of the matter.
He said now that he had head from the district and the province, he would invite Kabanda to the party national office to get his side of the story because it would be improper to judge him when he was not present and had not presented his side.
He said the party will ensure that the misunderstandings are ironed out for the benefit of growing the party.
Meanwhile chairperson for elections in the MMD Gaston Sichilima told the district officials to be careful when selecting people to stand on the party ticket.
Sichilima said some people came to stand on the party ticket because they knew that they would work with hardworking people who would deliver the seat because they know that the party was well organised at the grass root level which wins elections.
He said going forward, party members should scrutinize the people they chose to put on the party ticket.
Sichilima also urged members of the party to stop complaining when they are approached by PF officials to join them but to take that as a sign that the two parties were separate entities with different ideologies and that they should also start recruiting new members.
He said MMD still remains an independent party despite being in a working relationship with the PF.
He said those coming with lies that the party has been swallowed by other political parties should be dismissed with the contempt they deserve because the MMD is a national institution hence is not shot of leaders.
And Provincial Chairperson Gorge Kangwa said there was need for the party to embark on party elections in the lower organs of the party up to the provincial executive and a card renewal exercise to ascertain who is still with the party.
He said having elections will ensure that new blood is brought on board and ensure a robust reorganisation of the party.
The National Executive Committee members visiting the province include chairperson for women Maggie Musonda, national youth chairperson Dauzen Tembo, chairperson for education Henry Mulenga and Mary Phiri who is the chairperson for tourism.
The team had a meeting in Serenje District before proceeding to Mkushi District where they had a similar meeting.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Market research firm has announced the release of their latest report on the . This new report will provide expert market insights for the forecast period 2018-2022.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005988/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global allergy immunotherapies market from 2018-2022. (Graphic: Business Wire)
The report will follow up on Technavio's previous allergy immunotherapies research, offering an up-to-date analysis of the market concerning the current market scenario, the latest trends and drivers, and the overall global environment. The report will also provide new predictions for the forecast period based on an in-depth analysis of the market.
The upgraded research report on the global allergy immunotherapies market is an integral part of Technavio's portfolio. Technavio covers an extensive range of market research reports on the infectious and rare diseases market, covering different regions and top industry segments. Some of the topics include conjunctivitis, gaucher disease, animal wound care, and veterinary clostridium vaccine.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
Save more with Technavio. Buy2 reports and get the third for FREE:
Global market growth opportunities
Technavio's previous report on the global market projected that in terms of geography, Europe dominated the global immunotherapies market. During 2015, around 90 million individuals were reported with respiratory allergies in Europe.
In the previous report, a senior research analyst at Technavio stated , “Although the existing therapies are highly effective in relieving and controlling allergy symptoms, the market still requires drugs that not only reduce inflammation but also prevent irreversible airway remodeling. Globally, only 55% of all allergic rhinitis cases have been diagnosed. Additionally, allergic rhinitis and asthma are chronic diseases that cannot be cured completely, so most patients need lifelong treatment and lifestyle adjustments.”
Technavio's new report on the global market will evaluate the key geographical regions and their behavior over the past four years, introducing new data and observations and providing new predictions.
Looking for the latest information on the global allergy immunotherapies market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Detailed analysis at your fingertips
Some of the topics that will be revisited in the new report include:
Market size and growth rate through 2022 Top factors driving the market growth Competitive landscape and market share analysis of the key players Market opportunities and factors impeding growth
Technavio's report on the global allergy immunotherapies market for the period 2018-2022 is available to order now and will be delivered within one week of purchase.
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005988/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD:
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH INFECTIOUS DISEASES RESEARCH SCIENCE GENERAL HEALTH
SOURCE: Technavio Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 11:07 AM/DISC: 05/30/2018 11:07 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005988/en
BONAPARTE, Iowa (AP) — To understand the essence of Marie Hainline, you have to feel grit.
Source: LacrosseTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
With the box office wasting away, “Escape to Margaritaville” is calling it a day.
The jukebox musical based on the Jimmy Buffett songbook will close July 1, after 29 previews and 124 regular performances.
First presented at La Jolla Playhouse in San Diego, the show opened to anything but sunny reviews on Broadway and was shut out in the recent Tony Award nominations.
Despite a feel-good, beach-ball-tossing finale and appearances at certain shows by Mr. Buffett himself, the production rarely filled the comparatively large Marquis Theater. For the week ending May 27, it played to 56 percent capacity.
In announcing the closing on Wednesday, the producers said the musical would begin a national tour next October in Providence, R.I.
Neither company is commenting on the apparent leak. With that said, the talks reportedly involve executives as well as chief medical information officers from hospitals around the US. This isn't a casual exploratory talk, in other words.
It's no secret why Aetna would consider handing out Apple Watches like so much candy. As one of the tipsters says, Aetna hopes that this would encourage customers to lead a healthier life. Whatever money Aetna spends on smartwatches could easily be worthwhile if it results in fewer insurance claims. Apple, meanwhile, might see this as part of its growing plans to become a mainstay in digital health. If it's willing to take a financial hit, an agreement could score millions of new Apple Watch customers (some of whom might become repeat customers) and cement the Watch's reputation as a fitness tool.
How I Control My s*xual Urges On Set – Chris Okagbue
Award winning Actor, Model and winner of Gulder Ultimate Search Season 8, Christopher Okagbue who started his career at the age of 17 shared that acting was never his passion. According to him, he fell in love with music first and has all the intentions of showing the world what music really means to him. …
The post How I Control My s*xual Urges On Set – Chris Okagbue appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Nigerians Fume As Armed Herdmen Kill Catholic Priests and 17 Worshipers in Benue State
It was a sad day in Benue State again today two Catholic priests and 18 parishioners were killed by gunmen who invaded Ukpo-Mbalom community in Gwer East LGA, today 24 April.
Rev Fathers Joseph Gor and Felix Tyolaha were reportedly attacked in church during early morning mass and murdered with some parishioners. Angry Nigerians have taken to social media to pour out their anger towards the FG inability to do anything about these senseless killings.
See reactions below;
One would expect an upgraded level of security in the country because we have a former military man as President… But reverse it the case, Fulani herdsmen are killing innocent lives on daily basis, all our president does is to condemn. — Osas Cruz (@OsasCruz) April 24, 2018
A catholic church was attacked by herdsmen at 05:30 am today.
The priests, cathecist and congregation all shot to death. The Governor of Benue @GovSamuelOrtom is junketing in far away China. @MBuhari has like always sent us a tweet. #Benue will rise again; we will. — Ghost (@SendeKamo) April 24, 2018
This APC change has cost too many lives in Benue state, should be a lesson to every state never to vote Buhari again. — T'Challa (@UcheMvP) April 24, 2018
This morning Fulani militants slaughtered 11 worshippers and 2 priests during mass at Gwer East in Benue. It appears that the military carnage in Gwer West 6 days ago has further attracted Fulani militants to massacre and completely stamp out any form of resistance in the area. — Femi Fani-Kayode (@realFFK) April 24, 2018
1. PDP mourns the mindless murder of Frs Gor Joseph and Felix Tyolaha as well as parishioners of St Ignatius Quasi Parish, Ukpor, Mbalom in Gwer West LGA of Benue State.
Our party condemns these needless killings in Benue, Taraba, Kogi, Zamfara and other states… pic.twitter.com/unT2TvF8cO — Official PDP Nigeria (@OfficialPDPNig) April 24, 2018
As you woke up, had your bathe and went to work/school today, 19 Catholics, Citizens of Nigeria and two of their Priests were allegedly butchered by Armed Fulani Herdsmen/Militia & 73 of the community's houses razed to the ground at Mbalom, Benue. Where is Nigeria's GCFR? — FAVOUR ONYEOZIRI (GCFR) (@Rouvafe) April 24, 2018
The Spokesman of Catholic diocese of Makurdi Nigeria Fr. Mose Lorapuu confirmed the killing of two Catholic Priests & 19 Parishioners by Peul/Fulani Militia who attacked St. Ignatius Quasi parish in Mbalom Benue province in early hours of today.
73 houses were also set ablaze. pic.twitter.com/haTrSGUJWY — Edward (@DonKlericuzio) April 24, 2018
I feel the biggest undoing of the Ortom administration in Benue was the grant of amnesty. As much as he had good intentions for the grant, it is the same reason while we lay bare and get killed, because we can't defend ourselves. — TARKAA “Cee Cee” Kator (@iTARKAA) April 24, 2018
The post Nigerians Fume As Armed Herdmen Kill Catholic Priests and 17 Worshipers in Benue State appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
VICTORIA — A former Olympic rower who mysteriously disappeared for nearly 18 months has pleaded guilty to fraud.
Harold Backer changed his plea Wednesday in Victoria provincial court on a single charge of fraud over $5,000.
The three-time Olympian had been facing two charges of fraud over $5,000 and pleaded not guilty on both counts.
Backer disappeared on Nov. 3, 2015, when he failed to return home after telling his family he was going out for a bike ride.
Re-starting at the 28', D.C. United and Real Salt Lake pick up from where they left off after Saturday's postponement due to inclement weather flooding the pitch of RFK.
Much of the reaction may have to do with history. Many of the countries now rejecting Mr. Trump's use of military force were themselves invaded by the United States, which once famously regarded the region as “America's backyard.” Panama, one of the countries on Mr. Pence's visit, was invaded in 1989 when President George Bush toppled its dictator, Manuel Noriega.
“An often ugly history of U.S. interventions is vividly remembered in Latin America — even as we in the U.S. have forgotten,” said Shannon O'Neil, a fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations specializing in Latin America.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Under President Barack Obama, however, Washington aimed to get past the conflicts by building wider consensus over regional disputes. In 2009, after the Honduran military removed the leftist president Manuel Zelaya from power in a midnight coup, the United States joined other countries in trying to broker — albeit unsuccessfully — a deal for his return.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In 2014, there was more success when Mr. Obama said he would restore relations with Cuba after a half century of Cold War conflict that was a point of contention among many Latin American nations. The diplomatic thaw left much of the region warming to Washington for the first time in years.
Then came the crisis in Venezuela. For more than two years, stagnant oil prices and years of economic mismanagement had left the country short of food and basic medicines. In April, people took to the streets demanding Mr. Maduro's removal, leading to clashes that have left more than 120 dead.
During Mr. Obama's last days in office, his administration saw a chance to build consensus through diplomacy, joining an effort by the Organization of American States, a regional diplomacy group, to pressure Venezuela through opening an investigation that could lead to suspension. In March, the United States and more than a dozen other nations publicly urged the country to release political prisoners and hold new elections.
But Mr. Trump's White House was pursuing a more aggressive path on its own.
In February, the Treasury Department issued sanctions against the Venezuelan vice president, Tareck El Aissami, accusing him of being a drug kingpin. As Mr. Maduro orchestrated a vote to establish a new ruling body on July 30, the White House blacklisted judges and sanctioned more officials; after the vote was held, Mr. Maduro was sanctioned personally, leaving him one of four heads of state to be blacklisted that way.
On Friday came Mr. Trump's military threat.
While few expected Mr. Trump to actually order an attack, much of the damage was already done for American diplomacy, analysts said.
“Trump's comments appeared to be, as usual, a sudden outburst that was not thought through,” said Riordan Roett, who heads the Latin American studies program at Johns Hopkins University.
He added that those supporting the leftist movement founded by Mr. Chávez were ultimately the winners.
“It puts the U.S. in the position of the ‘bully' not unlike the warmongering over North Korea,” he said. “This is a God given gift to the Chavistas.”
A hero neighbour raced to save two children from a devastating house fire that killed their parents and caught them as they jumped out the window.
Robert Chilowa, 46, a carer, rushed to the scene of the blaze in Withington, Manchester, in the early hours of Friday morning wearing only his pyjamas.
Four children, aged between 10 and 17, were injured in the house fire that killed their parents.
They are recovering in hospital, where they remain in a stable condition.
Mr Chilowa, who moved to the UK from Zimbabwe in 2001, said: ‘I followed where the scream was coming from and I got to the house and saw there was fire.
‘I wasn't even wearing my shoes. I ran out the house in my pyjamas and headed to where the noise was coming from – which was only three houses away.
‘I turned around and there was this young girl there lying on the floor and she pointed at the window to say, “please can you save my brother and my sister – ask them to jump?”
Speaking to The Sun, he added: ‘I wasn't scared for myself…I just didn't want to see those little kids die.
‘It was so smoky and it was blazing hot so I couldn't actually see very well.
‘I just outstretched my arms and shouted up to the kids “please jump into my hands”.
‘The boy jumped first and I caught him and put him on the grass. Then the girl jumped as well and I caught her in my arms.'
Five people in total were rescued from the house and are in a stable condition in hospital, according to Greater Manchester Police.
As well as the four children, aged between 10 and 17, a second man in the house also escaped the fire.
Fire chief Mark Threader said the blaze is believed to have been started in a room at the back of the house on the ground floor.
Police and fire investigators are still probing the cause of the blaze.
Detective Inspector Tony Lea, of GMP's City of Manchester Team, said: ‘I'm pleased to report that despite their injuries, those in hospital are in a stable condition and are recovering well.
‘It is clear to me that without the brave and selfless actions of those at the time of the incident, the circumstances could have been even more tragic.
‘My thanks and well wishes go out to the neighbours and to the wider community for their continued support as we carry out our enquiries.'
Speaking at the scene, Chief Superintendent Was Chaudhry, from Greater Manchester Police, said the two victims were found dead at the house and described it as a ‘tragic incident'.
He said the cause has not yet been determined as the investigation was still in its early stages.
He made a public appeal for information and said officers had not ruled out foul play.
Mr Chaudhry said: ‘We follow a number of routes, whether that's a crime investigation, whether that's something that has happened in terms of with the electrics, the gas, utilities etc.
‘We have got to keep an open mind in terms of this whole investigation. There are a number of hypotheses that we are following and it would be remiss of us at this stage just to narrow that investigation down without appealing for witnesses.
‘I would also like to appeal to the public, to local residents, that if they did see anything happening, shortly before 2.30am and during the course of the police and fire service response, then please contact us. That information could be the missing part of our overall investigation.'
He said the CCTV at the house will form part of the police inquiry.
Student Emily Puckering, originally from Hull, said she was woken at about 2.30am by shouting and screaming as the flames engulfed the house.
Miss Puckering, 22, said: ‘I could just see the smoke at first. When I woke up I realised how severe it was. I could see the flames coming out of the windows.
‘My initial reaction was to phone the fire brigade but I could see the fire brigade had just turned up.
‘From my window I could just see flames and smoke. I couldn't see people in the house, I could just hear them.
‘I could hear a woman, she was shouting and screaming. I'm assuming it was her house because I could hear her shouting to the fire brigade, “Please save my house”.
‘Finding out they passed away is heartbreaking, it's such a tragedy, especially seeing as it's possibly a crime scene now.
‘The fire service was absolutely amazing. There were three fire engines, two police cars, an ambulance, another van, I think, just from the council. A big response.
‘They put the fire out quite quickly. The fire itself was massive, it was huge.
‘It's heartbreaking, it's absolutely tragic. I just feel a bit shocked. I just feel absolutely awful for them, for the family, for the children, for them. I can't imagine anything worse at all.'
Another neighbour who witnessed the drama said: ‘They were a close and nice family. They were always happy and had nice children.
‘We were sleeping and then at 2.30am my wife woke up and said that she heard a bang, so we got up and looked out the window.
‘She looked right and then she saw a lot of smoke. She looked through the window and then heard some more screaming.
‘My little sister said there was a fire and people were trying to break into the house. A few people were in the top window at the back and they seemed to be stuck. I rushed out to go to them.
They added: ‘The oldest girl was screaming because she jumped out the window and was in agony. All the kids were in the road.
‘At that moment we were faced with getting as many people out of the house as possible.
‘The fire brigade broke in the front and found one man on the staircase and dragged him out.
‘Their kids were shivering and cold. I got water for the kids. The older girl couldn't walk or stand so I put a coat and hat on her.
‘It's upsetting and we are all devastated. We set out to save as many lives as we could.'
Retirees Harry, 71, and Sylvia Smith, 73, said: ‘Our son Steven walks past their house every day on his way to work and the children always wave at him from the window.
‘Last night, a neighbour was giving out drinks and blankets to people on the street as there were a lot of neighbours out.'
The elderly woman who was handing out the blankets, but not did want to be named, said: ‘I just heard screaming some time after 2am and got up to see what it was.
‘I couldn't hear what they were saying but they were clearly in distress. I can only see the garden, not the house, because we are at right angles.
‘I phoned 999 but someone else must have already done it because they arrived almost immediately.
Police in Denmark have intensified their hunt for a missing Swedish journalist who allegedly disembarked from an amateur-built submarine a day before the vessel sunk.
Copenhagen police continued their search Monday on land and at sea for 30-year-old freelance journalist Kim Wall. The search also will cover parts of Swedish territorial waters.
Wall was on a reporting assignment aboard the UC3 Nautilus submarine owned by 46-year-old Danish inventor Peter Madsen. He made a last-minute escape from the sinking vessel Friday and has denied any responsibility for Wall's fate. Madsen was arrested on preliminary manslaughter charges.
Copenhagen police suspect that Madsen deliberately sunk the submarine though he initially blamed technical problems.
Wall wasn't found inside the submarine after it was raised and transported for investigation Saturday.
Police arrest 124 suspected gays, rapist in Kano
By AbdulSalam Muhammad
Kano Police Command has arrested no fewer than 124 suspected rapists and gays across the state between April and June.
While parading the suspects in Kano, the Police Public Relations Officer of the Command, DSP Magaji Majia, said they had recorded 115 cases of rape, sodomy and other acts of gross indecency within the period under review.
The PPRO noted that 128 victims were involved in the crimes, out of which 124 suspects had been arrested.
DSP Majia said: “94 cases were charged to courts, while 13 other cases were under investigation.”
DSP Majia appealed to religious leaders, traditional rulers and other well-meaning Nigerians to join hands in fighting the social vices.
The post Police arrest 124 suspected gays, rapist in Kano appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
While Ford is making a conservative choice to stick with gas-powered autonomous cars, it's hoping to eke out an edge with longer ranges than competitors' electric vehicles. After all, it's a lot quicker to fill up a gas tank than fully recharge an EV. More to the point, that time off the road is time spent not making money. Ford plans to keep its autonomous hybrids driving for about 20 hours per day, Ford's president of global markets Jim Farley told Automotive News:
"Anytime you're not carrying goods and people, you're losing money," Farley said. "The most important thing is uptime and profitability. What we see is the [hybrid] is a much better cost-of-ownership model."
Unlike other automakers, Ford isn't planning to slide its autonomous cars into the ride sharing business. Instead, it's looking for other commercial opportunities that require cars on the road around the clock. The company started testing its tech earlier this year when it deployed self-driving Ford Fusions to Domino's locations in the Ann Arbor, Michigan area to gauge customer enthusiasm for AI-controlled pizza delivery.
08:18 Reported News Briefs Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 College student jailed in North Korea returns to US in coma Read more US student Otto Warmbier lands back in the US, after detention in North Korea for more than 17 months - most of which he was in a coma. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Two boys aged 11 and 12 have been hit by a car and have been hospitalised with their injuries.
The crash happened at around 4.20pm on Friday, December 8 on the A6 Derby Road between Milford and Belper.
A Derbyshire Police spokesman said: “We're appealing for witnesses and dash cam footage after a blue Fiat Qubo struck two boys on the A6 heading towards Belper.
“Two boys aged 11 and 12 received none life threatening injuries and were transported to Queen's Medical Centre.”
If you can assist, please call PC Johnathan Terry on 101 quoting reference number 17000535954.
Alternatively, send click here to him a message online.
You can also call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
Billionaire kidnapper, Evans reveals why he took to crime
Billionaire kidnapper, Chukwudubem Onwuamadike, also known as Evans, has disclosed that his father was the reason why he took to crime. Evans as he is popularly called revealed that the decision of his father to disown him drove him into social vices. This is contrary to claims by the suspect's father, Stephen Onwuamadike who alleged […]
Billionaire kidnapper, Evans reveals why he took to crime
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON (CBSNewYork/AP) — President Donald Trump on Saturday claimed complete vindication from a congressional memo that alleges the FBI abused its surveillance powers during the investigation into his campaign's possible Russia ties. But the memo also includes revelations that might complicate efforts by Trump and his allies to undermine special counsel Robert Mueller's inquiry.
The four-page document released Friday contends that the FBI, when it applied for a surveillance warrant on a one time Trump campaign associate, relied excessively on an ex-British spy whose opposition research was funded by Democrats. At the same time, the memo confirms that the investigation into potential Trump links to Russia actually began several months earlier, and was “triggered” by information involving a different campaign aide.
READ IT HERE: Controversial GOP Memo On Russia Probe Released
Christopher Steele, the former spy who compiled the allegations, acknowledged having strong anti-Trump sentiments. But he also was a “longtime FBI source” with a credible track record, according to the memo from the House Intelligence Committee chairman, Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., and his staff.
The warrant authorizing the FBI to monitor the communications of former campaign adviser Carter Page was not a one-time request, but was approved by a judge on four occasions, the memo says, and even signed off on by the second-ranking official at the Justice Department, Rod Rosenstein, whom Trump appointed as deputy attorney general.
Trump, however, tweeted from Florida, where he was spending the weekend, that the memo puts him in the clear.
This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2018
“This memo totally vindicates `Trump' in probe,” he said. “But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their (sic) was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!”
The underlying materials that served as the basis for the warrant application were not made public in the memo. As a result, the document only further intensified a partisan battle over how to interpret the actions of the FBI and Justice Department during the early stages of the counterintelligence investigation that Mueller later inherited.
Some Republicans are citing the memo, released over the objections of the FBI and Justice Department, in their arguments that the Mueller investigation is politically tainted.
A closer read presents a far more nuanced picture.
“Having decided to cherry-pick, the Nunes team picked a bunch of the wrong cherries for its own narrative,” Matthew Waxman, a Columbia University professor and former Bush administration official, wrote in an email.
The memo's central allegation is that agents and prosecutors, in applying in October 2016 to monitor Page's communications, failed to tell a judge that the opposition research that provided grounds for the FBI's suspicion had been partially funded by Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee.
Page had stopped advising the campaign sometime around the end of that summer.
Republicans say a judge should have known that “political actors” were involved in allegations that led the Justice Department to believe Page might be an agent of a foreign power — an accusation he has consistently and strenuously denied.
Steele's research, according to the memo, “formed an essential part” of the warrant application. But it's unclear how much or what information Steele collected made it into the application, or how much has been corroborated. Steele was working for Fusion GPS, a firm initially hired by the conservative Washington Free Beacon to do opposition research on Trump. Steele didn't begin work on the project until after Democratic groups took over the funding.
The FBI this week expressed “grave concerns” about the memo and called it inaccurate and incomplete. Democrats said it was a set of cherry-picked claims aimed at smearing law enforcement and that releasing the memo would damage law enforcement and intelligence work.
For one, Democrats said Friday that it was misleading and incorrect to say a judge was not told of the potential political motivations of the people paying for Steele's research.
Beyond that, though, the memo confirms the FBI's counterintelligence investigation into the Trump campaign began in July 2016, months before the surveillance warrant was sought, and was “triggered” by information concerning campaign aide George Papadopoulos. He pleaded guilty last year to lying to the FBI and is cooperating with Mueller's investigation.
The timing makes clear that other Trump associates beyond Page, who was part of the election effort for only a short period and was not in Trump's inner circle, had generated law enforcement scrutiny. The memo also omits that Page had been on the FBI's radar a few years earlier than part of a separate counterintelligence investigation into Russian influence.
The memo focuses on Page, but Democrats on the House committee said “this ignores the inconvenient fact that the investigation did not begin with, or arise from Christopher Steele or the dossier, and that the investigation would persist on the basis of wholly independent evidence had Christopher Steele never entered the picture.”
Other details in the memo could also challenge Republican claims of bias. The warrant requested was renewed on three additional occasions, meaning that judges approved it four times. One of the Justice Department officials who signed off on it was Rosenstein, a Trump appointee.
Trump, who lambasted the FBI and Justice Department on Twitter, was asked if he was more likely to fire Rosenstein and if he still had confidence in the official. The president simply said, “You figure that one out.”
The memo had been classified because it deals with warrants obtained from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. The White House declassified it Friday and sent it to Nunes for immediate release.
That disclosure is extraordinary because it involves details about surveillance of Americans, national security information the government regards as among its most highly classified. The release is likely to further escalate the conflict between the White House and Trump's law enforcement leaders.
Rosenstein and FBI Director Christopher Wray had personally lobbied against the memo's disclosure, arguing it could set a dangerous precedent.
The memo's release also comes amid an effort by Trump and congressional Republicans to discredit Mueller's investigation. His probe focuses not only on whether the Trump campaign coordinated with Russia but also on whether the president sought to obstruct justice.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Cisco Is Making Buildings Smarter with Network Innovations
Networking giant Cisco is aiming to bring Internet of Things (IoT) technologies to building environments with a number of innovations included in a new network switch designed specifically for buildings. Unveiled today, the Catalyst Digital Building Series Switch is the first built specifically for the needs of digital buildings, the company said.
The switch includes several features that Cisco said will make it attractive to enterprises looking to transform their buildings, including IP convergence, digital building network architecture, universal power over Ethernet, smart installation and fanless design.
One System To Rule Them All
"We're excited about the new opportunities we can bring to our customers in the digital building and IOT space through our converged ecosystem of partners, products and solutions," the company said in a blog post.
According to Cisco, building owners are looking at technology convergence to deliver enhanced occupant experiences and improved efficiencies in their buildings.
"However, as the number of networks and connections within buildings grows, they are becoming increasingly complex," the company said. "Interconnecting and interoperating isolated building systems such as lighting, HVAC, badging systems, security, CCTV, sensors and audio-video equipment, into a single converged system is fundamental to the digital transformation of buildings."
Cisco's vision for the digitally converged building is centered on the new network switch that powers and connects building systems onto a single, low-voltage IP network.
Extending Digital Network Architecture
The new switch enables IP convergence and interoperability of disparate building systems such as lighting, HVAC, badging systems and surveillance through the use of the Constrained Application Protocol, an IoT protocol that has never been deployed in a digital building environment before, according to Cisco.
Additionally, the switch extends Cisco's Digital Network Architecture to the digital building environment. That includes automation, security, and analytics features that allow for faster on-boarding, automated, provisioning and monitoring as well as intelligent threat detection and mitigation. The feature would allow enterprise clients to limit lighting ports so that they can only be used for lighting and not to access other areas in the network.
The switch also delivers twice the power of Cisco's current power over Ethernet technology, and allows buildings to bring the power back on within five seconds of an outage. The switch is also the first that is Bluetooth-enabled, and it comes with its own mobile iOS and Android app to make installation and deployment easier. Because it features a fanless design, the switch can be installed in such places as office ceilings while maintaining noise-free environments.
"As far as convergence of IoT networks in a building, this product leap-frogs a generation of innovation," Sachin Gupta, vice president of Enterprise Switching at Cisco, said today in a statement. "It brings new IoT protocol integration, automation and enterprise security by extending the Digital Network Architecture to digital buildings."
The Catalyst Digital Building Series switch will be available in April, with prices starting at $895.
Pictured: Catalyst Digital Building Series Switch - 8U (on left), Switch - 8P (on right).
China's Report on US Human Rights Decries Hypocrisy – teleSUR English
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
০ = 0, ১ = 1, ২ = 2, ৩ = 3, ৪ = 4, ৫ = 5, ৬ = 6, ৭ = 7, ৮ = 8, ৯ = 9
্ = See example (Hasant/Viram) ় = * (Nukta) ʼ = ' (Urdhacomma) ঽ = & (Avagrah) ৺ = ~ (Isshar) ৹ = a~ (Bengali ana sign) ৲ = Rs~ (Bengali Rupee sign) ৳ = T~ (Taka sign) । = | (Devanagari danda) ॥ = || (Devanagari double danda) ₹ = Rs (Indian Rupee sign) 卐 = +~ (Swastika sign) Zero Width Joiner = ^ Zero Width Non Joiner = ^^
These symbols will type Bengali characters first but if "~" will be followed, it will remove previously typed Bengali character and then type the symbol.
Symbols & ~ * : ^ | ' have special meaning. You can type this way & = &~ ~ = ~~ * = *~ : = :~ ^ = ^~ | = |~ ' = '~
The English symbols [ ] { } ( ) < > - + / = ; . , " ? ! % \ _ $ @ # translate into the same symbols.
Example নমস্কার can be written by typing "namaskaar"
As per Rule # 3, ligature will be rendered. ZWJ and ZWNJ characters are used to produce alternate rendering of ligature.
A consonant followed by ZWJ character will produce half-formed consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‍ন = prash^n
A consonant followed by ZWNJ character will produce dead consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‌ন = prash^^n
If two english characters are making one Bengali Vowel (i.e. ai, au), then
ZWJ character is used to separate them into two different vowels. It will not
add ZWJ character but only considered as the separator between two
vowels.
In the article entitled, “California to become sanctuary state” [News, Oct. 6] we read that Gov. Brown states that this action protects public safety. I am all for immigrants coming to this country, but they should go through what others do to become legal. Gov. Brown, the next time you host a party and only invite special guests, how will you feel when other uninvited guest jump to the front of the line?
Many years ago, there was a Tea Party because people objected to taxation without representation. Now we have the opposite thanks to people like Gov. Brown. Some law-breaking people have representation without paying taxes. Does a sanctuary state protect public safety? When one reviews the statistics on who is responsible for the majority of hit-and-runs, that statement proves false.
— Chuck Trout, Huntington Beach
Backward priorities
The Democrats running California can't find $20 million or so in a $100 billion budget to install an earthquake warning system to save lives [“Is California quake ready?” Oct. 5], but they can find billions for a bullet train to nowhere and millions for lawyers, driver's licenses, health insurance and in-state college tuition for illegal immigrants? And now they declare California a sanctuary state and risk the lives of California residents by protecting illegal immigrant criminals from arrest by the federal government?
The Democrats have their priorities backward and their actions and retention in power deserve complete rejection by the voters of this state.
— Jack Prichert, Lake Forest
More far-left lunacy
Gov. Brown signed Senate Bill 54 into law. Speaking for all Californians he has given illegal immigrants the right and privilege of remaining free in our state and not subject to the laws of the land and deportation. ICE can't be notified of illegals incarcerated for felonies. The beneficence of his majesty is an all-encompassing gesture that has been said to be a thumb in the eye of President Trump. His magnanimous signing of this bill was well in the works before Trump became president since it was brought forward so soon after the presidential election.
There are times when the liberal Democratic Party surpasses itself in far-left lunacy. It is no wonder Trump became president with nonsense such as this ticking off the voting public. Apparently the laws of the nation are for the other 49 states. California feels itself immune and insular, making its own decisions on how it will be governed. Here, democracy as we have known it is dead and a new dawn of picking and choosing what laws to obey has arrived. To hell with federal dictates and the Supreme Court! Those individuals and families breaking the laws to come here will dramatically increase and swell the ranks of those already here.
A state that is already in the red will continue its downward spiral of economic collapse by increasing its funds supporting and housing illegal immigrants. Why not use that funny money to take care of its own such as cutting the exorbitant costs of entering state universities burdening youngsters with years of debt? There are many programs the mind could conjure up to deal with pressing problems. Many of us knew what we were getting ourselves into when Jerry Brown was elected governor. California made its stance known. No surprise here!
— Barry Wasserman, Huntington Beach
Deeper into debt for votes
Well, Moonbeam has done it. He has surrendered California without firing a shot! It's a good thing the weather here is great. If it wasn't, all the people not on welfare would move out. Utah, Idaho and Arizona would grow. Nothing like bucking the federal government and going deeper into debt to obtain votes.
— Bob Airheart, San Clemente
Protecting criminals
I am saddened that the governor and Legislature would protect illegal felons over the rights and safety of the citizens of California. What a travesty!
— Diane Guenette, Anaheim
Uphold your oath
The California Constitution states in Article III, Section 1, “The state of California is an inseparable part of the United States of America, and the United States Constitution is the supreme law of the land.” All legislators took a solemn oath to not “advocate to overthrow the government of the United States by any unlawful means.” The California Constitution also states as its primary goal to protect the rights and property of its citizens.
Declaring itself a sanctuary state negates the articles set forth in the Constitution. As legal citizens of this state we are within our rights to withhold all property taxes until such time as the state rescinds its illegal actions. If the state refuses to protect our safety, sovereignty and property there is no reason to pay taxes.
— Cheryl Frink, Laguna Niguel
A slap in the face
I wrote to Gov. Brown three years ago about trying to hang on to the C17 program through Boeing Aerospace in Long Beach. My husband's job as a manager there meant keeping my family of six together in California. In my letter to him, I explained that my children would be going to California colleges and why wouldn't he want to keep all the tax dollars in our state? I wanted my children to finish school in the neighborhood they were brought up in. Gov. Brown never acknowledged my letter pleading to keep that Long Beach plant open and not send all the workers and their families out of state.
His quote in today's paper, “California becoming a sanctuary state protects public safety and ensures hardworking people who contribute to our state are respected,” is a slap in the face for those of us who were born and raised here and have more of a right to live and work here than any illegal immigrant.
— Denise Mentz, La Mirada
So many tests
Re: “California is failing its students” [Opinion, Oct. 3]: As a math teacher for over 30 years at a local high school, I am frustrated when I read a general conclusion that our education system is failing because our standardized test scores are average to below average. I agree vast improvement and enhancement of the California education system is necessary, as it is for all worthwhile enterprises. But, to give you an insider's perspective, the standardized test scores do not tell the whole story.
Students from eighth grade through high school are constantly assessed, through their five academic classes, their several attempts at the ACT/SAT college entrance exams, their AP testing and their IB testing. All of those tests benefit the student to increase their GPA or increase their chances of attending a four-year university. Then we ask them to test one more time, but this time, it doesn't benefit them, it's just for the public to see that we are all doing our jobs, and they are learning. In general, many students put minimum effort into this assessment after they ask, “What's in it for me?” “Is this going to count for my grade?” Also, a certain amount of students, some of our high achievers, opt out of the test because they are already overwhelmed by all their assessments.
As educators, we know the importance of the standardized testing and prepare our students to the best of our ability. But, as you all know, when students do not perceive a direct benefit to themselves, it's like pulling teeth to get them to take it seriously. If college entrance exams like the ACT/SAT were to be replaced by the state's standardized test, in my opinion, you would be blown away with how well our students are capable of performing.
— Mary Mulligan Crapo, San Clemente
Government fixes for a government problem
Legislators would have us believe that a new “housing crisis” demands immediate action, with the expectation that a more “affordable” housing mix will be the result. It's as if developers have been building luxury homes for 50 years without any regulation or central planning on vast tracts of open land throughout California. We all know, however, that the existing stock of housing and commercial development has been under the control of local and state regulations and land use plans for the entire period, and longer, and now we are supposed to believe that an enlightened Legislature can fix the “crisis.” Yes, they think we're just stupid enough to believe it.
— Scott Perley, Irvine
Space Age hand-me-downs are soaring to a whole new level.
On Tuesday, SpaceX plans to launch its first recycled rocket for NASA. The unmanned Falcon 9 — last used in June — will carry up a Dragon capsule that's also flown on a previous space station supply run.
NASA's International Space Station manager, Kirk Shireman, said the risk of launching a recycled rocket is about the same as for a brand new one. He expects to be just as anxious as he always is at every launch.
"It's still a dangerous business," he told reporters Monday. Although NASA's best rocket experts conducted an extensive review of the recycled and meticulously inspected booster, there is never "zero risk," he pointed out.
The private SpaceX has launched recycled rockets three times before, on commercial satellite deliveries. And back in June, SpaceX launched a previously flown Dragon to the space station. This latest Dragon to fly — loaded with nearly 5,000 pounds of food, gear and experiments, and likely some Christmas presents — first flew in 2015.
While the notion of reusable rockets is hardly new — NASA's now retired space shuttles reused main engines and booster segments — SpaceX is intent on driving down launch costs by salvaging its boosters and other components, and reflying them again and again.
"This is the beginning of rapid and reliable reusability," said Jessica Jensen, a SpaceX manager. "We want to be able to send thousands of people into space, not just tens, and so reusability is a very key part of that, and we're excited because tomorrow is just one step closer to that."
As before, the first-stage booster will attempt to land back at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
This will be the first launch in more than a year from Launch Complex 40. The pad was ruined when a SpaceX rocket exploded during testing in September 2016.
In a $50 million rebuild, SpaceX made the pad more robust, burying support equipment and fuel lines under concrete and steel.
———
Online:
SpaceX: http://www.spacex.com/
WASHINGTON (AP) — The game will go on.
The annual Congressional Baseball Game, which dates to 1909 and is a summertime tradition on Capitol Hill, will be played on Thursday despite Wednesday's shooting at the GOP squad's practice in Alexandria, Virginia.
It's an annual event in which aging former Little Leaguers don their spikes and dust off their gloves in a game played for bragging rights and to benefit several charities.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., assured lawmakers assembled at a members' briefing that the game will go on, prompting a standing ovation.
Once a relatively cozy affair, played at a minor league ballpark in Maryland, the game has gone big time in recent years and has been played at Nationals Park, just a few blocks from the Capitol.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- Over the two months before its launch in Taiwan yesterday (Dec. 11), over 10 percent of Taiwan's population had preregistered to play "Lineage M," the new mobile version of the hugely popular online game "Lineage," which was created by the South Korean game company NCSoft and distributed by its local Taiwanese publishing partner Gamania Digital Entertainment Co. (橘子集團).
In the late hours of Sunday night, there were 639,000 advanced downloads of the game and 660,000 Taiwanese gamers preregistered before NCSoft officially announced the long-anticipated launch of "Lineage M" in the early hours of Monday morning.
Once the game when live, 184,577 gamers accessed the server, with that number increasing to 666,045 players within three hours, and by 1 p.m. that day, 160,000 users were simultaneously playing the game online, reported CNA.
At a press conference that day, Gamania CEO Albert Liu (劉柏園) said in anticipation of the huge new server load due to the massive fan reaction to the new launch, the company had expended NT$100 million on 45 new servers, including five just added to deal with the larger-than-expected load, and over 300 engineers. According to Gamania, over 540,000 preregistered on the first day preregistration was available and in the two month since, over 2.5 million preregistered, representing over 10 percent of Taiwan's population of 23.55 million.
Due to the massive influx of over 180,000 excited users when the game launched in Taiwan at the stroke of midnight, many were not able to access the server until after 2:30 a.m. that morning. However, the company says that the servers are operating normally now, and it is planning to offer compensation to those were not able to access the game.
The PC version of the popular Massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG), "Lineage," has had a loyal following for 17 years in Taiwan. Designers of the mobile version have taken great efforts at recreating the PC version's gameplay and elements, reported the Korea Herald.
In Taiwan, "Lineage M" is now available for download through both the Google Play app store and the Apple's App Store.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- Just as she was headed to class, a female Shih Hsin University (SHU) student was suddenly slashed in the neck by a male student in the hallway at 10 a.m. this morning (Dec. 11), after she rejected his advances, reported Liberty Times.
After an initial police investigation, it is believed that a male third year English major at SHU surnamed Chen (陳) had an ongoing crush on a female second year Business student surnamed Shih (石). When Shih approached Chen and she rejected his advances this morning, out of anger, it is believed that he grabbed a fruit knife he had concealed and slashed her neck.
During the course of the assault, Shih sustained a three-centimeter knife wound to her neck, and though this caused continuous bleeding, she retained consciousness as she was sent to Wanfang Hospital. Shih's wounds were not deemed life-threatening, and she has already been sent home to recuperate.
A few days before the assault, Shih had already become fed up with Chen's stalking of her and on Facebook posted a message directed at him saying "Do not think I don't dare call the police." Last week, Shih also went to the Banqiao Police Station to report his behavior.
Authorities from SHU said that Chen was not on the list of students receiving psychological counseling.
Chen has been taken into police custody for further questioning.
Success in sports, business, and politics requires skilled leaders who know their jobs and know how to fold disparate talents and personalities into something greater than the logical sum of its parts.
Take Phil Jackson, a North Dakota high school basketball star, who coached two different teams to 11 National Basketball Association championships between 1991 and 2010.
Jackson oftentimes credits Zen, a form of Buddhism, for his long success. OK, but Michael Jordan and Kobe Bryant helped, too.
Or, better yet, take Abraham Lincoln, the little-known rural attorney who, elected president by a country tearing itself apart, won the Civil War and preserved the idea that is the United States mostly through the force of his iron will and the enduring power of his eloquent words.
A thousand years from now people will still say his name in whispered reverence as goose bumps march up their sleeves.
It's hard to find similar leaders today. Only the most ardent fan can name a Jackson-like figure in American sports now. Worse, the world's most famous political leaders also are its most divisive.
Those leaders, the ones whose larger talents lie in digging already-deep political and social moats even deeper, are well remembered, too.
In fact, most become historical figures because their public failures — Nixon's Watergate, LBJ's Vietnam — blot out any national or international good they may have achieved.
After last week's farm bill belly flop in the House of Representatives, how do you think its members, Republican and Democratic alike, will be remembered by farmers, ranchers and historians?
The best guess is that their failure will be forgotten if GOP leaders give a handful of their own members a late-June vote on a going-nowhere immigration bill.
After that vote, the wayward members promise to release their hostage, the socially flinty, farmer-generous House farm bill, for another vote that should pass.
Between now and then, however, the bill will not improve.
No one in either the House leadership or the Ag Committee leadership has acknowledged an offer by Collin Peterson, the Committee's ranking Democrat, to deliver enough votes for passage if the majority GOP simply softens some of its very tough SNAP (food stamp) rules.
The reason GOP leaders have not replied is simple: despite the bill's title, it's only marginally about farms, farming and food.
Its overarching purpose is purely political; it's a Christmas grab bag of what the GOP intends to offer its “base” in the 2018 Congressional campaign — welfare reform, regulatory reform, immigration reform and housing reform.
That's fine but it's not a farm bill.
And, yes, there are some farm program reforms in it, too, but most will boost taxpayer costs, not cut them.
How much more? It's hard to say because the bill's program language often is so obtuse it's a mystery to know what it actually means.
For example, here's a May 17 explanation posted by the University of Illinois farmdoc daily policy analysts that attempts to explain one crop insurance change in the House bill:
“To arrive at the effective reference price, Figure 1 tracks MYA prices and the 5-year Olympic moving average of MYA prices. The escalator provision for the reference price equals 85% of that price up to the cap of 115% of the statutory reference price… For most of the remaining crop years, however, the reference price would equal the statutorily-fixed price, especially under CBO projections.”
Got that? If so, join the seven other people in the Milky Way galaxy who understand it.
If not, fall in line like the other House robots.
The clear-as-mud explanation is, however, an apt metaphor for where we now are in U.S. farm policy: so deep into the weeds that few in any political party or farm organization have the vision and leadership to even dare to think past the next election or this year's crop.
That makes almost any winning farm bill this year or next really a long-term loser.
Runs were scarce in No. 24 Kentucky's (19-6, 2-3) series-clinching 2-0 win over No. 8 LSU (23-3, 3-2) before a season-high crowd at John Cropp Stadium Sunday afternoon.
The Cats' Autumn Humes (5-1)and the Tigers' Allie Walljasper (10-2) dueled in the kind of matchup that the talent-rich Southeastern Conference is known for.
Humes, a sophomore-transfer, tossed her third complete-game of the season, striking out seven Bayou Bengals and walking only two, while allowing five hits, none of which went for extra bases.
"I'm not going to lie, I was a little nervous," Humes said after her second-career conference start. "When you play LSU you know they are always going to bring their A-game."
Humes said the key to her first conference win lay in her offspeed pitch.
"I think that the best for me--that worked--was my changeup; it kept them off balance, and that really helped my other pitches dominant them."
Head coach Rachel Lawson agreed with Humes' assessment and said that the pitch opens up the rest of her arsenal.
"She has a really good drop ball to complement it; they are two completely different speeds, and then she can come in with her third pitch...the fact that she can do that and is starting to command her changeup keeps the hitters off balance".
However, Humes noted that she and the Cats would not have been in the position to win without the clutch hitting of senior right fielder Brooklin Hinz.
Hinz recorded her second straight multi-hit game, going 2-of-3, and brought in two runs, bringing her season total to 13.
Kentucky had six total hits as a team, but only Hinz managed to collect more than one.
The Cats struggled through three-one hit innings against Walljasper until Schaper blasted the first pitch of the fourth all the way back to the left field wall for double. Cheek advanced pinch runner Kelsee Henson to third base. After Mallory Peyton struck out swinging, Hinz blooped an RBI single to shallow left to give Kentucky the lead.
Kentucky struck again in the bottom of the sixth. With one out, Cheek slapped a scorcher to up the middle for a single. After Grace Baalman, crushed her second-career at-bat to the warning track in left field, Cheek stole second base. Brining Hinz back to the plate, and for the second time on the day, she brought a runner home, this time with a double.
Walljasper, a senior, threw six complete innings, allowing two earned runs on six hits. She walked three Wildcat batters and struck out one.
Kentucky looks to complete a series sweep tomorrow night at 7:30 P.M. The game will be nationally televised on the SEC Network.
Girls Flock Around Me For Snapchat And Insta Story — Falz
Discussing his current relationship status on a new interview with Hip TV, rapper Falz, talked about the reason so many ladies flock around him, trying everything within their power to gain his attention. According to the SOFT WORK crooner, who revealed the exact attribute he wants in a woman, girls only flock around just so he …
The post Girls Flock Around Me For Snapchat And Insta Story — Falz appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Don't let Sunderland be spoiled by a “selfish minority”.
That's the call from a senior councillor who has given his backing to the Echo's “Clean Streets” campaign.
Conservative group leader Councillor Robert Oliver.
Launched yesterday, we're calling on everyone who takes pride in their city to play their part in tackling the litter problem that blights our streets and public spaces and help create a smarter Sunderland
The campaign has been endorsed by Coun Robert Oliver, Conservative party leader on Sunderland City Council.
He said: “Litter is the number one complaint by residents in Sunderland, so it must be the number one priority for action.
“It's a matter of pride for the people of the city that the streets are clean for themselves and for visitors.
Our new campaign logo.
“The Echo's Clean Streets campaign can support responsible residents who dispose of their litter properly and also remind those who don't that they are making a mess of the place and spoiling it for others.”
Coun Oliver believes that, while there are positive developments across the city, the issue of litter remains a big problem for Sunderland's image.
He added: “Some things are looking up in Sunderland, but one thing is letting us down: readers may not be surprised that litter has been voted the number one local concern in the Echo readers' survey.
“More than £1.5billion in investment has come into the city in recent years with major projects such as the New Wear Crossing and the International Advanced Manufacturing Park on track.
“The city centre is also looking up with tentative signs at the Vaux site and a better seafront emerging.
“So litter is becoming more of an issue because of the contrast with the positive developments.
“A quick tour of Sunderland reveals some streets strewn with rubbish; fly-tipped building material left on green spaces and the contents of dust bins all waiting for someone else to pick them up.
“It's easy to see why people are so bothered. This city belongs to everyone, not just a selfish minority. Most dispose of their litter responsibly, but also have to pay for it to be collected from the few who don't.
“Council workmen do their best to keep on top of the problem, but it's an uphill struggle unless something changes in the culture. That can start with community action and council enforcement.
“Many people are already taking action with students, the international community and residents' associations engaging in community clean ups.
“This shows that most care about where they live.
“Initiatives such as the ‘Love Your Back Lanes' programme will help, as will other ideas like larger dustbins, a plastic bottles deposit scheme and more cameras. But there is one big thing missing.
“Last year Newcastle City Council issued nearly 3,000 fines for littering compared with just 46 here and it doesn't take a genius to work out which city is the soft touch and which is cleaner.
“Sunderland should follow the lead of many councils – including Liverpool and Hull – and bring in a private enforcement company to crack down on the litter louts and help local enforcement officers.
“As the council can keep about half the proceeds of fines to re-invest in the environmental budget, this would be a ‘win-win' situation. The only losers would be those who incur a fine by dirtying our streets.
“By supporting the hard work of the groups already making a difference and by taking the irresponsible to task, Sunderland can make sure that the cleanliness of its streets matches the ambition of the city.”
Sunderland City Council has said that Government cuts in its budget meant it now employs 4,000 fewer staff than it did in 2010, while its grass cutting and street cleansing services which have been cut by £4,829,238 since 2010.
Duterte takes a rest as Philippine city burns
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has withdrawn from public duties this week because he is tired and needs to “rejuvenate”, his spokesman said Thursday as government forces battled Islamist militants in the biggest crisis of his rule.
Duterte, 72, has not been seen in public since Sunday and missed a scheduled appearance the following day at annual Independence Day celebrations in Manila, sparking speculation about the state of his health.
“He's just taking some time off to rejuvenate,” presidential spokesman Ernesto Abella told reporters.
Abella said there was no date for when Duterte would resume his official duties, although he insisted the president was healthy.
“I'm saying that there's nothing to worry about in terms of sickness,” he said.
“The president is well.”
Pressed by journalists to state whether Duterte had visited a doctor this week, Abella said: “I'm not privy to those matters but I'm sure he's checked with his own experts.”
Duterte was last seen in the southern city of Cagayan de Oro, visiting soldiers wounded in nearby fighting with Islamic State group-styled gunmen that is now on its fourth week.
Fifty-eight soldiers and police officers have died in the clashes in Marawi city, while at least 26 civilians have also been confirmed killed.
The militants remain holed up in pockets of Marawi alongside hundreds of trapped civilians being used as hostages or human shields.
Duterte imposed martial law over Marawi and the rest of the southern region of Mindanao, home to 20 million people, on the day the fighting erupted to head off what he said was an attempt by IS to carve out its own territory there.
Abella said Duterte was taking time off because of a punishing schedule since then, which included regular visits to military camps and hospitals to support troops.
“It has been really brutal, so it is important to allow him this kind of rest,” Abella said.
Duterte had repeatedly denied during last year's presidential election campaign that he suffered from cancer.
However he said last December that he used to take fentanyl, a highly addictive synthetic opioid, to ease the pain of a spinal injury that he suffered in motorcycle accidents many years earlier.
Duterte said then his doctor made him stop using it on learning he was “abusing the drug” by using more than the prescribed amount.
Duterte's fentanyl comments attracted controversy as he has led a war on drugs in which thousands of addicts and users have been killed.
Under the constitution, the separately elected vice president shall act as president if the incumbent dies, is permanently disabled or removed from office.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Japanese Cryptocurrency Exchange Association Aims to Restore Public Confidence
Yesterday, the 16 cryptocurrency exchanges currently registered with Japan's financial watchdog, the Financial Services Agency (FSA), announced the launch of the Japanese Cryptocurrency Exchange Association (JCEA), according to a Japanese media outlet.
The self-regulatory body, chaired by Taizen Okuyama, president and CEO of cryptocurrency exchange Money Partners, aims to restore confidence in the country's digital currency, reports The Asahi Shimbun.
Japanese Cryptocurrency Exchange Association
During its first meeting, the group said that it would seek to develop comprehensive rules regarding customer protection and internal regulatory controls. Members of the association will be required to comply with these rules, as the group also intends to introduce penalties in order to punish activities that undermine the integrity of the industry.
“I will make sure that security measures and internal controls are in place,” Okuyama said. “We want to eliminate customers' concerns and work to restore public confidence in order to develop a healthy market.”
The initial plans for the launch of the organization were revealed in early-March, when the the Japan Blockchain Association and the Japan Cryptocurrency Business Association came together to launch a new, collective body to work with the FSA on establishing investor safety standards. This was a reassuring move in a country where cryptocurrencies are rapidly increasing in popularity and adoption.
Moving Forward
One challenge is that the majority of the problems in the current market have involved exchanges which have yet to be registered with the FSA but are still permitted to operate. A hallmark example of this is Coincheck Inc., which lost the equivalent of 58 billion yen (about $533 million) in digital currency NEM through a hack in late January.
Since then, the FSA has conducted thorough probes into crypto businesses operating in the country and issued a wave of punitive measures against exchanges whose performance was deemed unsatisfactory.
Fortunately, at yesterday's gathering Okuyama said that the JCEA would aim to offer help and advice on the development of the crypto exchanges that still operate without a full license from the FSA. The association also plans to ask these un-registered exchanges to join the JCEA to help foster cross-industry development:
“I would like to create a situation where I can give advice to (unlicensed exchanges), the development of the industry as a whole is important,” Okuyama said.
Yuzo Kano, president of bitFlyer Inc., and a vice chairman of the JCEA, described the group's intentions as follows:
“As financial service operators, we will increase our awareness. We will aim to take security measures that are stricter than before.”
The Coincheck hack revealed a number of flaws in Japan's crypto ecosystem, but instead of the government taking a heavy handed approach, as has happened in neighboring China, the creation of the JCEA reflects a more proactive and constructive approach to developing the industry as things move forward.
Image from Shutterstock.
The post Japanese Cryptocurrency Exchange Association Aims to Restore Public Confidence appeared first on NewsBTC.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from NewsBTC. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MAGNITOGORSK, Russia — Alexis Lafreniere continued his impressive showing at the world men's under-18 hockey championship, scoring in overtime and adding an assist as Canada beat Sweden 3-2 on Tuesday.
Canada finished the preliminary round on top of Group A with 11 points from three regulation wins and one overtime victory. The Canadians will face the Czech Republic, the fourth-place finisher in Group B, in a quarterfinal game Thursday at Magnitogorsk's Arena Metallurg.
Lafreniere, a 16-year-old star of the Rimouski Oceanic in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League, has four goals and two assists in four games at the tournament, held in the Russian cities of Magnitogorsk and Chelyabinsk.
Raphael Lavoie and Chase Wouters also scored for Canada in Tuesday's win over previously unbeaten Sweden, which finished second in Group A with 10 points. Olivier Rodrigue made 29 saves.
Eight people are facing federal charges related to a drug ring that ran drugs into the northern part of the state from the Milwaukee area.
Source: WisconsinRapidsDailyTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Scientists: Get Used to Wildfires in a Warming World
Communities across the Western U.S. and Canada may have to adapt to living with the ever-increasing threat of catastrophic wildfires as global warming heats up and dries out forests across the West, according to a University of Colorado study published Monday.
Residents living in neighborhoods adjacent to forests — known as “wildland-urban interface” zones — will have to accept that many wildfires may have to be allowed to burn and that building new homes in fire-prone forests should be discouraged, the study says.
The 2016 Fort McMurray wildfire in eastern Alberta.
Credit: The Premier of Alberta/flickr
Firefighters and policymakers will also have to adapt in new ways as catastrophic wildfires burn more land and destroy more homes than ever before.
Officials have long tried to cut wildfire risk by spending billions of dollars annually to “manage fuels” — physically removing some trees and underbrush from dense forests and intentionally setting some forests ablaze in controlled “prescribed burns.” In the dry season, firefighters rush to fight, or “suppress,” nearly all blazes to prevent them from spreading.
Yet homes and even whole communities still go up in flames, and there's little indication that many efforts to reduce the risk have done much good, the study says.
“Neither suppression nor current approaches to fuels management adequately reduce vulnerability of communities to increasing wildfire,” said the study's lead author, Tania Schoennagel, a research scientist at the University of Colorado-Boulder's Institute of Arctic and Alpine Research. “We've been very effective with fire suppression for many years, but wildfires are increasing beyond our capacity to control, especially with more people in fire's way.”
Park Williams, a bioclimatologist the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory at Columbia University, said the paper makes a valuable point: Forest density and climate change have converged to vastly increase catastrophic wildfire frequency and size in a way a that is entirely out of human control.
“We now know that continued increases in fire activity are inevitable, but we've been able to come up with no other way forward other than to fight fires as hard as we can,” said Williams, who is unaffiliated with the study. “All we're doing is paying huge amounts of money to deliver an even worse problem onto the next generation.”
The West's increasing vulnerability to catastrophic wildfire was on display in 2016 as much of Fort McMurray, Alberta, was consumed in a firestorm that incinerated 2,400 buildings. The blaze quickly became the most expensive natural disaster in Canadian history. Later in the year, the Blue Cut Fire burned 105 homes near San Bernardino, Calif., and forced the evacuation of 82,000.
All the homes destroyed in those blazes were in the wildland-urban interface zone, an area that includes millions of homes in the West. In California alone, 4.5 million homes have been built in the zone, according to the study.
About 40 percent of the zone is expected to see an increased chance of burning by 2040. Today about 900,000 homes in the zone are at high risk of fire damage across the West, Schoennagel said.
The reason is that climate change is making wildfire seasons longer and more intense. The trend bends toward bigger, more destructive and drought-driven blazes in the West. On average, wildfires burn six times the acreage they did 45 years ago, Climate Central research shows.
Since the 1970s, the frequency of wildfire has increased 1,000 percent in the Pacific Northwest, 889 percent in the Northern Rockies, 462 percent in the Southwest and 256 percent in California's Sierra Nevada as the mountain snowpack melts earlier and the fire season lengthens, according to Schoennagel's team's research.
In the northern latitudes, where Fort McMurray sits, the boreal forest is burning at a rate unprecedented in the past 10,000 years as the wildfire season arrives a month earlier than it did in 1970. In Alaska, the number of large wildfires have doubled in 65 years.
The study says that adapting to climate change and cutting the risk of catastrophic blazes means it's time for a cultural change in the West. Forests are going to have to be managed differently and people will have to get comfortable with fighting fire with fire — literally.
Forests that have burned either naturally under natural conditions or with prescribed burns are much less likely to burn catastrophically in the future. But prescribed burns account for only a tiny portion of the total area in the West affected by wildfire. Firefighters fight 95 percent of all other blazes in attempt to keep as many acres from burning as possible.
The aftermath of the 2016 Blue Cut Fire near San Bernardino, Calif.
Credit: Russ Allison Loar/flickr
The best way for forests to adapt to climate change is for them to burn, except when they threaten communities directly, the study says.
“As wildfires continue to increase, more and more communities are threatened, and suppression simply will not be able to keep up,” Schoennagel said. “Through suppression, we've tried to make fire adapt to us, but going forward, we will have to adapt to it.”
Foresters' can greatly reduce the catastrophic wildfire risk to communities by conducting more prescribed burns in controlled conditions near where people live and allowing more wildfires to burn freely far from where people live, the study says.
Thinning forests to cut the risk of wildfire doesn't work well, except in the driest of forests, according to the study. Of all the areas in national forests that have been thinned by hand — known in forestry parlance as “treatments” — since 2001, only 10 percent have come close enough to an active wildfire since they were treated to have had the opportunity to burn.
The effect of that thinning is temporary because the underbrush eventually grows back, requiring the forest to thinned again if it hasn't burned.
“The effectiveness of most forest treatments last about 10-20 years, suggesting that most treatments have little influence on wildfire,” the study says, adding that between 2006 and 2015, the U.S. Forest Service spent $3.2 billion on forest thinning is likely to have little if any benefit.
Forest thinning is most effective near homes rather than deep in the woods.
People living near forests need to adapt by making it as difficult as possible for their homes to burn by removing wood decks, vegetation and other combustible items from around their homes.
“The first step is to expect that wildfire will come to your door rather than assume it will not,” Schoennagel said.
Officials should also consider creating buffer zones of cleared trees and other vegetation between homes and the forest, while reducing the density of the woods around communities, she said.
Another important step is to discourage new development in forests prone to wildfire.
“By some estimates, 80 percent of the WUI is yet undeveloped, and if this were filled with homes, the risks and costs would skyrocket in combination with increasing wildfire,” Schoennagel said.
Williams said the West has millions of acres of forest that are too dense, and it's impossible to reduce the risk of catastrophic wildfire in all those forests.
“The public needs to become aware that fire is a natural process and that increases in the frequency and size of large fires are inevitable,” Williams said.
You May Also Like:
Warming-Driven Glacier Melt Leads to ‘River Piracy'
‘Critical' NASA Climate Missions Targeted in Budget Cuts
Removal of Energy ‘Burdens' Could Have Huge Impacts
The Arctic Is Warm Again Because Of Course It Is
HANOI, Vietnam (AP) — Vietnam has declared a California-based exile group a terrorist organization after 15 local members were convicted in a failed bombing of the country's largest airport.
The attempted attack at the Tan Son Nhat airport in Ho Chi Minh City in April caused a scare but no casualties. The communist government linked it to the Provisional Central Government of Vietnam, an exile group little known locally but tied to the defeated U.S-backed South Vietnamese republic.
The Ministry of Public Security said in a statement Wednesday that the group is a terrorist organization and those associated with it will be dealt with in accordance with law.
Another group, the California-based Vietnam Reform Party or Viet Tan, was declared a terrorist organization in 2016 and was accused of sending arms and planning attacks.
The National Democratic Front of the Philippines (NDFP) has expressed optimism that the Duterte administration would return to the negotiating table despite the President's termination of peace talks with communist rebels.
In a media briefing, NDFP legal consultant Rachel Pastores said she was hoping that the government will reconsider its decision amid what she called as “major achievements” agreed upon by both parties in the first three rounds of talks.
“I would say that the peace negotiations were moving forward based on the substantive agenda. Both parties were really cooperating in order to come up with agreements. Major agreements have already been forged,” Pastores told members of the media.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Nag-iinit pa nga lang ‘yung discussion at gumawa ng ways para mapabilis, it is unfortunate na na-terminate… On our part, kailangan talagang i-resume ang peace negotiations,” she added.
(The discussion has just begun gaining ground and ways are being looked into to expedite it, it is unfortunate that it was terminated… On our part, there is a need to resume the peace negotiations.)
Among these major achievements, Pastores said, was the agreement of both parties on the nature of the Philippine agrarian problem and the principle of free land distribution to farmers.
“That was how serious both parties are and it was manifested on the kind of drafts they submitted,” Pastores said.
“This most significant historical achievement stands to benefit the Filipino peasant majority. It would be regrettable if the gains reached would be set aside by those in government and the ruling elites who are trying to derail the peace process,” she added.
Pastores said the NDFP will still pursue consultations on the proposed Comprehensive Agreement on Social and Economic Reforms (CASER) despite the stalled peace talks, noting the importance of continuing with its negotiations to address the root causes of the armed conflict, including poverty.
“CASER is about developing the national economy through agrarian reform and rural development, national industrialization and environmental protection, upholding people's rights and advancing economic sovereignty and national patrimony. It is also about molding an independent foreign policy, which gives substance to the Duterte government's vision of a sovereign Philippines,” she said.
Pastores said the target was to sign the CASER within the year.
While saying that the decision to terminate the talks was “illogical” in light of the gains, NDFP consultant Rey Claro Casambre said he was confident that President Duterte will reconsider his decision. “Malaki at malalim pa rin ang reservoir of trust [in the government] (The reservoir of trust in the government is still vast and deep), but we should understand that the negotiations are not all about trust,” he said.
Edre Olalia, another NDFP legal consultant, added: “If he (Duterte) changed his mind for the worse, then he can still change his mind for the better.” CDG
Delta govt to demolish illegal structures in Asaba Airport
The state governor says the move is aimed at ensuring safety at the airport
The post Delta govt to demolish illegal structures in Asaba Airport appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
N1.1bn fraud: How intelligence report triggered trial of ex-FCT minister's son – Witness
The former minister's son and four companies linked to his family, are facing a 15-count charge bordering on money laundering
The post N1.1bn fraud: How intelligence report triggered trial of ex-FCT minister's son – Witness appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The first one deserved a sequel, which Cleveland won in the biggest comeback in NBA Finals history to even things up with Golden State.
Then with Kevin Durant joining Stephen Curry on one side and LeBron James leading the other, the Warriors and Cavaliers sent interest soaring as they rampaged toward the tiebreaker last season.
But the rubber match was a mismatch, and the Warriors are expected to win just as easily this time.
So as Round 4 of the record-setting rivalry begins Thursday night, has Warriors-Cavaliers become too much of a good thing?
"I don't think so," Golden State guard Klay Thompson said. "I think the rest of the NBA has got to get better. It's not our fault. I'm sure if you asked the fans of the Warriors and the Cavs around the world, whether it's in the Bay Area or in Cleveland, I'm sure they're happy with their team performance. The only people I hear saying that are fans from other teams, which is natural. I don't blame them. But as long as our fan base is happy, that's all that matters."
It's the first time in NBA, NFL, MLB or NHL history that the same teams are meeting four straight times in the championship round, and intrigue in the teams hasn't waned yet. The NBA had its most-watched conference finals since 2012, as both teams had to rally from 3-2 deficits to win Game 7s on the road.
But if this series quickly becomes as lopsided as some fear — ABC analyst Jeff Van Gundy said he couldn't remember a bigger gap between finals teams and said any game the Cavs win is a huge upset — many of those people who have tuned in the last few years might be looking for something else to watch by the time the series switches to Cleveland.
"If James and the Cavaliers win Game 1, you know, the interest is going to skyrocket because they are going to have done what very few — except for them maybe — think they can do, which is won at Golden State," Van Gundy said. "If they get blown out both games, it doesn't matter what we say. People aren't going to be as excited."
The players won't apologize for showing up again, or worry that it hurts the NBA.
"I mean, it may not be as suspenseful as a lot of people want it to be or as drama-filled," Durant said, "but that's what you've got movies and music for."
San Leandro section of Southbound 880 is clear.... opening NOW. pic.twitter.com/Jys5Mgrnb6 — Amy Hollyfield (@amyhollyfield) August 14, 2017
Police say southbound I-880 in San Leandro reopened after a shooting left one person in critical condition early Monday morning.The lanes were closed at 2:44 a.m. and reopened at 8:45 a.m. Monday morning commuters who use the freeway made a slow crawl to work.Officers said a person was shot in the head overnight after someone in a white car pulled up to a dark car and fired into that vehicle. "We had a call of shots fired, and our units arrived on scene. At the time we got here, there was a vehicle located in the fast lane, the number one lane, with four occupants and one of them was critically injured. The other three were not," California Highway Patrol Ofc. Joseph Fowler said.The victim was taken to a nearby hospital, and is currently in critical condition.Officials said there were passengers inside the car, but they are all OK.This is the 91st freeway shooting in the Bay Area in the last year and a half.The CHP spokesperson said Monday morning's investigation led to a five-hour-long highway closure because they are very motivated to make arrests and bring an end to these shootings. "It is frustrating. There are quite a few highway shootings and that's why we are taking such precaution at this point and we're trying to handle it as through as we can," Fowler said.Police are still searching for the shooting suspect.
The race for leadership of the Labor Party is heating up: MK Erel Margalit, who is planning to run for that post against MK Isaac... subscribe now to get the full story Subscribe Log in Haaretz unlimited. Only 1$ for the first month
LAKE HAVASU CITY, Ariz. (AP) — Luke Air Force Base officials say an F-16C from the 56th Fighter Wing crashed while attempting to land at a municipal airport in Arizona. The pilot ejected and wasn't seriously injured.
Officials say the jet was on a training flight Tuesday when it diverted to the Lake Havasu City airport and went off the runway while landing, prompting the pilot to eject.
Staff Sgt. Jenna Bigham says the pilot is in good condition and was transported to a hospital.
She says she couldn't provide information on why the plane diverted.
The Today's News-Herald newspaper posted a photo showing the plane apparently missing the nose area of its fuselage.
Lake Havasu City is 134 miles (216 kilometers) northwest of Luke, located in Glendale, a suburb of Phoenix.
Yorba Linda officials are exploring the sale of 13 acres along Bastanchury Road and Lakeview Avenue to help pay for an arts center planned as part of the new Yorba Linda Library project.
The City Council on Tuesday, June 6, approved a $79,955 contract with K & A Engineering for the engineering services needed to subdivide the property for a housing project. Having that work in place would boost the value of the land should the council later decide to sell it to a developer.
The property is the lower portion of 40 acres the city owns off West Bastanchury – much of the site was once planned for the home of Friends Christian High School, but church officials had to walk away in 2013 from acquiring the property for the project because they couldn't maintain the payments to the city.
In April, the council took stock of the city-owned properties that could be sold to help pay for a 13,500-square-foot arts center, which is expected to cost $11.5 million.
“The conclusion was that the lower 13-acre property of the West Bastanchury property had the size and potential sales value that would help to write down some of the funding gaps related to some of the city projects, and in particular the arts center component of the library project,” David Brantley, director of community development, said.
The West Bastanchury property is the largest area of undeveloped land in Yorba Linda. The work the city is contracting for would not commit the city to a sale.
“This isn't a final step,” Councilwoman Tara Campbell said. “This is really enhancing the property should we go down this route.”
Councilman Gene Hernandez said: “If we sell to a developer, yes, we are going to get top dollar.”
The remaining 27 acres of the site have deed restrictions that require it go toward a public use.
In 2015, a report to the council from the Urban Land Institute suggested an assortment of possible uses, including skate parks, soccer fields and an equestrian center.
Dee Dee Friedrich, president of Yorba Linda Country Riders, said an equestrian center has been promised since 1989.
“I was disappointed that the funds from the potential sale of the 13 acres is going to go to the arts center as opposed to the equestrian center as promised,” Friedrich said.
“This was a perfect location to appease a lot of special interest groups – the equestrians, baseball, soccer – it could make many groups happy, not just one.”
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Pirates are taking over Port Colborne.
Captain John Swallow and quarter master Seika Hellbound are hosting Pyrate Lore and Harbour Walks every Thursday evening. The two pirates are offering a unique insight into the history of Port Colborne, the Welland Canal and Lake Erie. During the 90-minute walk, Swallow and Hellbound talk to visitors about shipwrecks, treasure, smuggling and some of the facts and fiction surrounding the Great Lakes.
Swallow and Hellbound said they don't want to give all their stories away, but they could share that there are many shipwrecks in Lake Erie. Swallow said there are in fact more shipwrecks in Lake Erie per square mile than there are in all the Great Lakes combined.
“We have more shipwrecks in part of Lake Erie than there are in the Bermuda Triangle. And that's part of Lake Erie – it has four times as many shipwrecks as the entire Bermuda Triangle,” Swallow said.
There are more than 1,400 shipwrecks and two planes at the bottom of Lake Erie. Hellbound said every so often divers will find another wreck.
Swallow said although many of the wrecks were caused by the weather, a number of them went down due to piracy. Near Long Point, Swallow said a great number of ships went down because of mooncussers. Mooncussers were pirates would would extinguish the flame of lighthouses and build fires further down the coast to attract merchant ships. When ships would approach the new fire they would run aground and pirates would loot the ships.
“It's not Hollywood's version of piracy. Piracy for the most part isn't going after a ship that's got gold or jewels. For the most part it's going after commodities,” Hellbound said.
On the Great Lakes, pirates would go after goods including lumber and venison. Hellbound, who has a degree in history, said if the goods were stolen in Canada, pirates would sell it in the United States and visa versa.
Swallow and Hellbound said there is one famous individual who settled in Port Colborne and was known to be a pirate. They said to find out who that person is people need to come on out for a walk.
“Someone very important to the history of this region ... that's as far as I'm going,” Hellbound said.
Hellbound and Swallow both bring a unique element to the walk since both lay claim to pirate heritage. Hellbound said she can trace her lineage back to an uncle from nine generations ago who sailed with Blackbeard. Hellbound also has an uncle from the 1600s who left the royal navy to join Peter Easton on his Pirate ship, eventually becoming captain. Easton was a pirate who operated along the Newfoundland coastline between 1611 and 1614.
Swallow said the walk is easily accessible for everyone. People meet at 7 p.m. every Thursday along the Welland Canal at the corner of West Street and Clarence Street, weather permitting. Tickets are $15 for adults and $5 for children.
Mallenberg@postmedia.com
Twitter: @M_Allenberg
NEW ORLEANS — The New Orleans Pelicans say they've voided around 2,500 playoff tickets that were purchased improperly during a pre-sale event for the second round of the NBA playoffs.
The club says the event was designed exclusively for season-tickets holders, but that codes provided for online purchases were shared with people who were not eligible for the promotion.
The Pelicans say they have not previously had a problem with the improper sharing of promotional codes for ticket sales, but that an "unprecedented demand for playoff tickets resulted in tickets being purchased by non-season ticket or partial season ticket holders."
The club says it conducted a review of the presale and voided all purchases from unqualified buyers.
Early voting still going strong; only 3 days left to vote early
Early voting is starting to wind down in Anderson County ahead of next week's primary elections.
On Monday, 422 people voted, including 400 in the Republican primary and 22 in the Democratic primary. That brought the 11-day total to 4615 early voters, which is up by 1169 over the first 11 days of early voting in the 2014 primaries, when 3446 had cast early ballots.
In all, 4268 people have voted in the Republican primary, compared to 347 in the Democratic primary.
Early voting continues through this Thursday April 26th at the Clinton Community Center, the Midtown Community Center in Oak Ridge and at the North Anderson Government Office in the Anderson Crossing Shopping Center in Andersonville. Early voting hours are from 10 am to 6 pm. For more, visit www.acelect.com.
SAN DIEGO (CNS) - A preliminary hearing is underway for a Navy man who was allegedly drunk when his truck flew off a transition ramp to the San Diego-Coronado Bay Bridge and crashed into a crowd 60 feet below in Chicano Park, killing four people.
Richard Sepolio, 25, is charged with gross vehicular manslaughter while intoxicated and DUI in connection with the 3:30 p.m. crash last Oct. 15 that killed Annamarie Contreras, 50, and Cruz Contreras, 52, a married couple from Chandler, Arizona, and Hacienda Heights residents Andre Banks, 49, and Francine Jimenez, 46. Eight other people were injured.
Deputy District Attorney Nicole Rooney said Sepolio drank wine and a couple of cocktails with a friend before deciding to drive home, despite warnings from the friend. His blood-alcohol level was estimated to be between .08 and .09 percent at the time of driving, according to prosecutors.
RELATED: Bail remains at $2 million for driver in Coronado Bridge crash
According to Sepolio, another driver wouldn't let him move over, so he gunned his engine and was going 81 mph in a 45 mph zone when he hit the left guardrail and spun off the freeway and landed in Chicano Park, prosecutors said.
Defense attorney Paul Pfingst said his client was not under the influence and was trying to pass a car whose driver was attempting to cut him off when he was forced over a concrete wall. He said Sepolio used the Uber ride-hailing service prior to drinking and after drinking until he was aware his blood-alcohol level had dropped and it was safe for him to drive back to base in Coronado.
The attorney said authorities used a breathalyzer device about an hour after the crash to measure Sepolio's blood-alcohol level and it came out to a .05 and .06 percent. An hour after that, Sepolio's blood was drawn and it was measured at .08 percent, Pfingst said.
RELATED: Parents of driver in Coronado crash defend son
Following the preliminary hearing, a judge will decide whether enough evidence was presented for Sepolio to stand trial. The defendant faces nearly 24 years in prison if convicted.
In the aftermath of the deadly crash, Sen. Ben Hueso called for safety improvements and vowed to make Coronado Bridge improvements a top priority.
Hueso said the bridge had become synonymous with the loss of life.
"We're wondering if our community is safe," Hueso said.
Less than a week after the deadly Chicano Park crash, another driver slammed his truck into the center divider on the Coronado Bridge. Crews had to cut a mattress and box spring off the top of the truck to reach the trapped driver.
Just a couple months ago, in March, a wrong-way driver suspected of DUI hit a truck head-on causing serious injuries to the truck driver and minor injuries to another driver whose vehicle was also struck.
LA JOLLA, Calif. (KGTV) - On her sofa couch, which her grandchildren refer to as her "throne," Eleanor Madsen has time to think about all the things that make her life full.
"I'm just a happy, happy lady," said Madsen.
She's got her knitting, her grandkids and, of course, her smartphones games.
Madsen tries not to take anything for granted these days like she used to with her eyesight. She was seeing a specialist for her cataracts and then learned she had glaucoma.
"My grandmother lost her vision to glaucoma, so that, of course, was the first thing that came to my mind," said Madsen.
Her doctor, Dr. Quang Nguyen, is the director of Glaucoma Services at the Scripps Clinic. He said there's no cure for glaucoma, only ways to control it, like eye drops.
"It's a devastating disease and a slow, progressive disease. So if we can stop the blindness, we give patients a better quality of life," said Nguyen.
Madsen took the drops religiously but dealt with side effects, like burning and darkening around her eyes. They're also costly.
"I'm an old lady, I'm on a budget; I'm really happy I don't have that expense anymore," said Madsen.
Eye drops are a thing of the past now after she received an iStent implant.
Nguyen said it's the smallest medical device put into the human body, about the size of one digit on a penny. It works to improve the natural flow of fluid in the eye.
After the procedure, Madsen said she felt no pain, only relief.
"You ask me how I feel; I think you can tell by just looking at me. I'm excited this is one less thing I have to worry about," said Madsen.
Nguyen said while some patients are eye-drop free after the implant, that's not the case for everyone.
Right now, you can only get the procedure done if you're undergoing cataracts surgery.
A clinical trial is underway at Scripps so patients can have the iStent as a standalone procedure.
Click here to learn more about glaucoma, including symptoms and treatments.
DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) — A federal judge has dismissed a lawsuit that claimed Iowa's privatized Medicaid program violated the rights of disabled patients.
Source: LacrosseTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Southern fell to Iowa 91-60 at the Carver-Hawkeye Arena in Iowa City, IA, Sunday afternoon.
The Jags only trailed by 10 at halftime, 41-31, but were outscored 50-29 in the second half.
Aaron Ray led the Jags in scoring with 12 points.
Jared Sam had 11 points and 10 rebounds and Chris Thomas added 10 points.
Southern (2-8) will be back in action Thursday, Dec. 14, at home against the Florida A&M Rattlers (2-10).
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Christian Pulisic was set to start in central midfield flanked by Paul Arriola and Darlington Nagbe in the United States' World Cup qualifier Friday night against Panama.
Pulisic, playing his first international match since turning 19 last month, had been at wide midfield in the September qualifiers.
Tim Howard was in goal, and DeAndre Yedlin returned to right back after recovering from a hamstring injury.
Omar Gonzalez and Matt Besler were in central defense for the fifth time this year, the most frequent duo for the U.S. in 2017, and the 15th time overall.
Jorge Villafana was at left back and captain Michael Bradley in central midfield. Bobby Wood and Jozy Altidore started up front.
Defender Michael Orozco and midfielder Juan Agudelo did not dress.
He's getting married to her – not me!
By Bunmi
Dear Bunmi,
My boyfriend of four years left me when I put the pressure on him for us to get married after such a long courtship. He told me he was more concerned about his career than marriage and didn't want any children for now. You can then imagine how shocked I was when I found out that eight months after we split, he not only has a new woman he's engaged to, his fiance is also pregnant!
I feel like such a fool and I doubt if I'll ever trust any man again. My self-confidence is certainly at an all-time low. Why did he lie to me? It would have been much kinder to just tell me he wasn't in love with me and didn't see a future for us.
Bella, by e-mail.
Dear Bella,
You might think it would be kinder for him to be honest with you about his
feelings, but he may have thought differently. A lot of people find it much easier to say they're not ready for marriage or too young for kids, than look someone who loves them in the eyes and say “I don't love you back.” He might even have meant it at the time. I don't think he lied to you. There've been a lot of commitment- phobes who've left a number of potentially good relationships because they don't ever want to be tied down, only to find their commitment phobia vanished when they meet the right person at the right time.
It must obviously hurt that it wasn't you who had the power to make him
want to marry and to have kids. But that's life and things like this happen. When you start dating again, make it clear to prospective partners that while you don't want to rush things, you would like marriage and kids one day. This will sort the men from the boys at the early stage. Then keep telling yourself that just because one man did this to you, it doesn't mean all men will.
The post He's getting married to her – not me! appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON — Whether they sell through brick-and-mortar stores, online or both, companies that provide unique offerings and experiences for consumers dominate the Hot 100 Retailers released by the National Retail Federation.
The list of fastest-growing retailers, compiled by research firm Kantar Retail, is based on sales growth in 2016 and ranks both public and privately held retailers by domestic sales, with a $300 million threshold for ­inclusion.
Topping the ranking was subscription meal kit company Blue Apron, which has delivered more than 150 million meals since it was founded five years ago and saw sales more than double to $795.4 million in 2016.
Second was online furniture and home decor seller Wayfair, where sales grew 54% to $2.9 billion as the e-tailer expanded its offerings to include greater price and quality ranges.
Coming in third was longtime traditional retailer Ascena Retail Group — parent company of Ann Taylor, Catherines, Dress Barn, Lane Bryant and Maurices — which has been aggressive with mergers and acquisitions in recent years and had 50% sales growth to $7 billion.
At No. 4 was online pet food seller Chewy.com with 48% growth to $900 million, followed in fifth place by online building supply company Build.com/Wolseley, which grew 38% to $911 million. No. 6 was convenience store operator CST Brands, up 29% to $2.1 billion, while seventh went to subscription fashion retailer JustFab, up 29% to $572 million.
At No. 8 was supermarket and department store chain Grupo Comercial Chedraui, up 27% to $1.5 billion; while ninth went to supermarket chain Gelson's Markets, up 26% at $723 million; and No. 10 was online giant Amazon.com Inc., up 25% to $77 billion.
Online companies make up six of the top 10, but the majority of the Hot 100 are either traditional retailers or retailers that sell both in-store and online. Fewer than 10 are pure play e-commerce purveyors.
“This year's Hot 100 confirms once again that retail growth is coming from a number of places, including less-traditional channels in the industry,” said Kantar Retail chief product strategy and marketing officer Andrew ­Stockwell.
Fourteen retailers were recognized as “sustained sizzlers” for having made the Hot 100 each year since its inception in 2006. The following list includes the sizzlers' sales growth since 2011 as well as their 2017 ranking:
1. Amazon – 192% (10)
2. Aldi – 42% (40)
3. Dollar General Corp. – 48% (47)
4. Ross Stores Inc. – 49% (52)
5. O'Reilly Automotive – 48% (51)
6. Dick's Sporting Goods – 52% (43)
7. Tractor Supply Co. – 60% (44)
8. Academy Sports + Outdoor – 156% (27)
9. Ulta – 160% (11)
10. Sprouts Farmers Market Inc. – 251% (30)
11. Casey's General Stores – 67% (55)
12. Grocery Outlet – 197% (49)
13. Sephora – 44% (67)
14. Lululemon Athletica – 208% (38)
Equatorial Guinea's flamboyant vice-president has gone trial in absentia in France on charges of corruption after he failed to stop the landmark case.
Teodorin Obiang Nguema is accused of buying a mansion and sports cars in France with a fortune amassed from oil-rich Equatorial Guinea's public funds.
A lawyer for Mr Obiang, the president's son, denies he is a “big-time bandit”.
The trial is the first since France started investigating African leaders accused of illegally acquiring wealth.
It comes after a nearly decade-long campaign by anti-corruption groups demanding that France act against leaders suspected of stashing their “ill-gotten gains” in Europe.
Mr Obiang's six-storey Paris villa, estimated to be worth more than $100m (£80m), is located on Avenue Foch, in one the most prestigious neighbourhoods of the French capital.
It boasts a cinema, spa, hair salon and taps covered in gold leaf, AFP news agency reports.
Mr Obiang's lawyer, Emmanuel Marsigny, asked the court to delay the trial, saying he needed more time to prepare his client's defence.
“Believe me, Mr Nguema is not a big-time bandit. He just wants his rights observed,” the Associated Press news agency quotes Mr Marsigny as saying.
Corruption watchdog Transparency International's lawyer William Bourdon told the court that the trial should proceed and the defence was trying to “paralyse” the judicial system through “opportunistic” and “malicious” manoeuvres, AP reports.
Malibu mansion
The West African state's government launched a bid at the International Court of Justice to prevent the trial from going ahead, arguing Mr Obiang had diplomatic immunity.
The United Nations' court turned down the request last month.
In November, Swiss authorities seized 11 cars belonging to Mr Obiang, accusing him of money-laundering.
Among them was reportedly a Porsche valued at more than $830,000 and a Bugatti Veyron which sells for $2m.
In 2014, Mr Obiang agreed to surrender a Malibu mansion, a Ferrari and Michael Jackson memorabilia as part of a settlement with US authorities.
The US had filed claims against his US-based assets worth more than $70m, alleging they were proceeds of corruption.
Equatorial Guinea, a small country on the west coast of Africa, struck oil in 1995 but most of its population still lives in poverty.
Its President, Teodoro Obiang Nguema, is Africa's longest serving leader.
He seized power in 1979, and promoted his son to the post of vice-president in 2012.
Mr Obiang has always said that “he earned the money legally in his country,” Mr Marsigny told AFP. BBC News
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Safety, Income & Growth Inc. (NYSE:SAFE), the leading company focused on ground leases, announced it has originated a new ground lease on two office buildings, 100 & 200 Glenridge Point, in the Central Perimeter submarket of Atlanta, Georgia with repeat client Richmond Honan.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006386/en/
100 Glenridge Point (Photo: Business Wire)
The transaction marks the third time Richmond Honan has utilized a SAFE Ground Lease™ solution and represents SAFE's fourth successful ground lease in Atlanta, GA. The ground lease features fixed annual rent escalations over 99 years with periodic CPI-based adjustments. The two adjacent Glenridge Point buildings are both five stories and total 185,000 sf. The property is well-located at the intersection of GA-400 and I-285, near three hospital systems, three MARTA transit stations, and multiple corporate headquarters.
“We are building strong momentum in the Atlanta marketplace. The SAFE Ground Lease™ provides a low-cost, long-duration solution that continues to enable clients to unlock value and achieve better returns,” said Greg Camia, Senior Vice President in the Atlanta office.
Safety, Income & Growth Inc. (NYSE: SAFE) is the first publicly traded company that focuses on acquiring, owning, managing and capitalizing ground leases. The Company seeks to provide safe, growing income and capital appreciation to shareholders by building a diversified portfolio of high quality ground leases. The Company, which is taxed as a real estate investment trust (REIT), is managed by its largest shareholder, iStar Inc. Additional information on SAFE is available on its website at www.safetyincomegrowth.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006386/en/
CONTACT: Client Contacts:
Tim Doherty, 212-930-9433
Executive Vice President
Head of Ground Lease Investments
tdoherty@istar.com
or
Greg Camia, 678-339-2014
Senior Vice President
Investments
gcamia@istar.com
or
Investor Relations Contact:
Safety, Income & Growth Inc.
Jason Fooks, 212-930-9400
Vice President
Investor Relations & Marketing
investors@safetyincomegrowth.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA GEORGIA NEW YORK
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: REIT CONSTRUCTION & PROPERTY COMMERCIAL BUILDING & REAL ESTATE OTHER CONSTRUCTION & PROPERTY
SOURCE: Safety, Income & Growth Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 04:30 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 04:30 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006386/en
Stanton Fredericks believes Bafana Bafana are showing signs of progress
KickOff.com
Former Bafana Bafana midfielder Stanton Fredericks believes the national team are showing promising signs of improvement, judging by their recent fixtures against Nigeria and Zambia. Bafana were in action over the recent FIFA break, taking on the Super …
and more »
A survey on Americans and their workplaces by RAND, the nonprofit think tank, shows a lot of us work in high-pressure, stressful environments and don't have enough time to get the job done, so we have to take it home with us.
RAND surveyed some 3,000 Americans about their workplaces. It found more than half do work in their personal time to meet employers' demands. More than one-third have no control over their work schedules (the percentage is higher among non-college graduates). And one-quarter of respondents say they don't have enough time to do their jobs.
“We increasingly seem to have a workplace that expects us to be always available, on demand,” said Nicole Maestas, who teaches at Harvard Medical School and is the report's lead researcher. “And yet the employer doesn't always return the favor by allowing workers the ability to adjust their hours when they need to for personal matters."
Hourly nonexempt workers are supposed to be paid overtime for working on their own time. But Cathy Ruckelshaus, general counsel at the National Employment Law Project, said salaried exempt workers in administrative, professional or executive jobs aren't so lucky. All they can do is ask the boss for a more reasonable workload.
“But there's very little legal recourse for those workers,” Ruckelshaus said.
RAND found some things Americans are satisfied with: More than half say they have supportive bosses and good friends at work.
Related When being too productive can be counterproductive The pros and cons of a 30-hour work week More Americans are working through cancer
More than a baker's dozen of flour products have been pulled from grocery store shelves.
As of April 16, Ardent Mills recalled 16 varieties of Robin Hood and Creative Baker flour from stores across Canada with a wide range of product codes and package sizing.
"As a result of the food-safety investigation, the Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA) identified additional products that could pose a health risk. Those products have now been added to the updated recall warning," CFIA spokesperson Maria Kubacki said on Monday.
"The CFIA is warning the public not to consume these products," she added. "If consumers have any of the recalled products in their home, they should throw them out or return them to the store where they purchased them."
On its website, Ardent Mills said it is co-operating with CFIA's food safety inspection and direction to expand the flour-products recall.
"Ardent Mills is aware of one illness associated with the consumption of flour, and thankfully that person has fully recovered," the company said in a press release. "There have been no illnesses reported with the products subject to the April 12 and 16 voluntary recalls."
The company noted it is committed to doing all it can to provide ingredients that make safe, healthy and good tasting products.
But it does add that "flour is a raw agriculture commodity made from wheat, which is grown outdoors where bacteria and microbes, such as E. coli O121, are often present."
The release seems to suggest that because there is no heat process used to cure the wheat, it remains possible that E. coli O121 can still be harboured in the product until it is cooked.
"The normal milling process uses the simple, time-honoured traditions that were invented more than 100 years ago. Today's mills, however, have significantly improved food safety. Nonetheless, neither the original process nor today's process contain a kill step to eliminate microbes, such as E. coli O121 that may originate with the wheat. Common kill steps applied during food preparation include thoroughly boiling, baking, roasting, microwaving and frying. These so-called kill steps will render the microbes or bacteria harmless."
Initially, only 10-kilogram bags of Robin Hood All Purpose Flour with code BB/MA 2018 AL 17 and 6 291 548 that were sold in British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba were considered to have been possibly contaminated with E-coli.
But as of April 4, the Public Health Agency of Canada opened the recall up to be one of national concern.
As of Sunday, Robin Hood bags of varying sizes containing the following codes are being recalled:
Lot codes:
BB/MA 2018 FE 02 and 6 307 548
BB/MA 2018 FE 03 and 6 308 548
BB/MA 2018 AL 26 and 6 300 548
BB/MA 2018 AL 26 and 6 300 548
BB/MA 2018 JA 24 and 6 298 548
BB/MA 2018 JA 25 and 6 299 548
BB/MA 2018 AL 25 and 6 299 548
BB/MA 2017 AU 25 and 6 299 548
BB/MA 2018 AL 27 and 6 301 548
BB/MA 2018 AL 28 and 6 302 548
BB/MA 2018 AL 28 and 6 307 548
BB/MA 2018 AL 29 and 6 303 548
Additionally, Creative Baker All Purpose Flour, 10-kg bags with lot code BB/MA 2017 OC 26 6 300 SK is also being recalled.
For more recall information, visit this Canadian Food Inspection Agency recall link.
CBrowne@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/cherylbrowne1
By Tim Ghianni
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (Reuters) - Police on Monday arrested the man suspected of fatally shooting four people at a Waffle House restaurant, ending a 36-hour manhunt after tips from the public led police to search secluded woods nearby.
Photos posted online by Nashville police showed Travis Reinking, a 29-year-old construction worker, in custody. He was suspected of opening fire with an assault rifle at the restaurant early Sunday then fleeing the scene naked.
Photographed in the back of a police car, he looked disheveled and was wearing a torn red shirt and dirty blue jeans. He had scratches on his shoulder.
No motive was known for the attack that sent shudders through one of the biggest cities in the U.S. South and stoked a simmering national debate on gun control.
Reinking, who had a pistol and ammunition in a backpack when he was arrested, was not talking to police. He was being held at a Nashville jail with initial bond set at $500,000 for each of four murder charges, online jail records showed.
More than 150 city, state and local law enforcement agents searched for the gunman, who has had a history of bizarre behavior, delusions and multiple encounters with authorities, including an episode in Washington in July 2017 when he was arrested for trying to get into the White House, according to police records.
"We need to move on as a community and do what we can to curb this violence," Nashville Mayor David Briley told a news conference near the Waffle House, describing the attack as a tragedy.
Tips from people in the neighborhood helped lead police to search through the woods about two miles from the restaurant using sniffer dogs on the ground and aircraft overhead.
Metropolitan Nashville police Lieutenant Carlos Lara said as soon as a detective saw Reinking and ordered him to get on the ground, the suspect cooperated.
"He did not try to run," Lara said at the same news conference.
In addition to the four deaths, two people were injured in the attack.
The suspect was taken to a hospital for evaluation before he was booked by police. Reinking lived in Illinois before moving to Nashville. After the White House incident, Illinois authorities revoked his license to carry concealed weapons.
After that, Reinking's father had told police he would lock up his son's guns, which they said included the rifle used in the Waffle House shooting. But the father returned the weapons to his son, Nashville police said on Sunday.
Marcus Watson, an agent with the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, said Reinking's father, Jeffrey, could face federal charges if he knowingly transferred weapons to a person who was prohibited from owning them. The father was not immediately available for comment.
The killings in Tennessee's capital were the latest in a string of high-profile U.S. mass shootings in which a gunman used an AR-15 style rifle. These include a Feb. 14 mass shooting when a former student killed 17 people with an AR-15 at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida.
RESIDENTS RELIEVED
In the area near the Nashville Waffle House, local resident Sheryl Friend, a woman in her 60s, said there was a sense of relief. "Everybody was taking precautions," she said. "You never knew which direction he was going to go and what was going to happen."
Reinking is accused of shooting two people to death outside the restaurant around 3:30 a.m. on Sunday, and killing two inside. The suspect fled after a 29-year-old diner, James Shaw Jr., wrestled the rifle from him.
Shaw, grazed by a bullet during the attack, was praised for his courage, but on Sunday he denied he was a hero. "I just wanted to live," he said.
David Hogg, a Marjory Stoneman student and leader in a student movement for gun control that has emerged from the Parkland, Florida, attack, used Shaw's example to taunt the National Rifle Association, which lobbies for gun rights, on Twitter.
"So only a good guy with a gun can stop a bad guy with a gun?" Hogg wrote in a message directed at the NRA.
An NRA representative could not immediately be reached to comment.
(Additional reporting by Rich McKay in Atlanta, Bernie Woodall in Fort Lauderdale, Florida; Jonathan Allen in New York; Writing by Ben Klayman in Detroit and Jon Herskovitz in Austin; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Cynthia Osterman)
This memo totally vindicates «Trump» in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!
Join us on June 4 in WCRB's intimate Fraser Studio for a live performance by one of today's most fascinating artists.
7:00 PM - 9:00 PM
Monday, June 4, 2018
Lara Downes' musical style strives to create experiences that bring 19th and 20th century traditions firmly into the present for 21st century audiences. Her style has been described as a combination of both classical and eclectic, blending many traditions, styles, cultures, and genres.
Born in San Francisco and raised in Europe, Lara's ancestry is a mix of African American and Eastern European backgrounds. Lara takes inspiration from musicians that who inspire her, from Leonard Bernstein to Nina Simone.
A laureate of the 2016 Sphinx Medal of Excellence award, Lara has been recognized as a leader in expanding the reach of the arts, as a performer, an entrepreneur, and a cultural visionary.
Lara enjoys creative collaborations with a range of artists, including cellist Yo-Yo Ma, roots singer Rhiannon Giddens, beatboxer Kevin "K.O." Olusola and former United States Poet Laureate Rita Dove. Her partnerships with prominent composers span genres and generations to bring significant new contributions to the piano repertoire.
Downes' newest release and Sony Music album For Lenny is an intimate centennial tribute to Leonard Bernstein and his American legacy. The album was awarded the 2017 Classical Recording Foundation Award and debuted in the Billboard Top 20.
The evening will begin with local violinist Maura Shawn Scanlin and singer/songwriter Conor Hearne. They will be performing a handful of traditional American and Celtic selections in our intimate Fraser performance studio.
After the performances, we will have a beer and wine dessert reception with light refreshments.
Buy tickets
See videos from other "Front Row Boston: Live at Fraser" events
Environmentalists are protesting Poland's plan to allow hunters to shoot bison, while authorities say it is necessary for the well-being of the herd and will earn money for its upkeep.
Greenpeace had gathered well over 7,000 signatures by Monday afternoon on a letter asking Prime Minister Beata Szydlo to stop the plan. They say Europe's largest mammals, which live in old-growth forests in northeastern Poland, are protected by law and a symbol of Poland's nature.
Environment authorities have allowed the hunting of 10 bison in the Borecka forest, saying the herd there is too large and threatened with tuberculosis. They say limited hunting allows for a controlled elimination of weak animals, while earning funds to support the others.
MILWAUKEE (AP) — Workers on the new Milwaukee Bucks arena are taking a cue from the athletes who will be playing inside — and warming up before hitting the job.
Minnesota-based Mortenson is managing the $524 million project, which started last June and is expected to wrap up next fall.
Operating Group Safety Director Mel Langlais (lan-GLAY') says the morning sessions with the 500 to 600 workers squatting, stretching and wiggling "in the middle" sets a tone for the rest of the day and gets their minds focused on safety. They also meet in smaller groups midday.
Mortenson started daily stretching about 20 years ago. Langlais says some workers were skeptical at the warmup program initially, but it has now become part of their culture.
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Nasarawa lawmakers say striking teachers' union illegal, decline intervention
The Nasarawa State Assembly has declined teachers' request to intervene in the ongoing strike, citing the non-registration of their body – the Academic Staff Union of Secondary Schools (ASUSS). “We actually wanted to intervene on behalf of the teachers; we wanted to make a case for them, but we have found out that their umbrella…
The post Nasarawa lawmakers say striking teachers' union illegal, decline intervention appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Mrs. Lois Evelyn Whaley, 92, of Opp died Sunday, Oct. 1, 2017 in Mizell Memorial Hospital. Funeral services were held at 11 a.m. Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017 from Sweetwater Baptist Church with burial following in the church cemetery.
Visitation was held at the church one hour prior to the service. Donald Hall & Wayne Sharpe officiated.
Mrs. Whaley is survived by her son & daughter-in-law, Sammy & Regina Whaley; daughters & sons-in-law, Dianne & Tom Bracey, Mary & Danny Meeks, and Donna & Johnny Mack; and 6 grandchildren, 7 great-grandchildren & 1 great-great grandchild.
She was preceded in death by her husband, Oders Whaley.
BOSTON (AP) — The Latest on Massachusetts Gaming Commission review of Wynn casino license (all times local):
3:45 p.m.
A Massachusetts Gaming Commission investigator says information about a $7.5 million settlement was kept from Massachusetts officials when they were reviewing the suitability of casino magnate Steve Wynn in 2013 as his company sought a casino license in the state.
Karen Wells made the statement Wednesday as the commission opened its investigation into a report by The Wall Street Journal that a number of women said they were harassed or assaulted by Wynn. One case led to a $7.5 million settlement.
Wynn, whose company is building a $2.4 billion casino outside Boston, has denied the allegations.
Commission Chairman Stephen Crosby said that any decision, including possibly revoking the license, will be based on facts gleaned during the commission's ongoing probe.
Gambling regulators in Nevada said Tuesday they are also investigating Wynn.
___
8:53
Massachusetts gambling regulators are holding a special meeting to discuss sexual misconduct allegations against casino magnate Steve Wynn, whose company is building a $2.4 billion casino outside Boston.
The Massachusetts Gaming Commission will receive an update on an investigation Wednesday.
Republican Gov. Charlie Baker says if the allegations are true, Wynn would "fail to meet the suitability standard under the state gaming law."
Gambling regulators in Nevada said Tuesday they are also investigating Wynn.
The Wall Street Journal reported Friday that a number of women said they were harassed or assaulted by Wynn, and that one case led to a $7.5 million settlement. Wynn has denied the allegations.
Under the 2011 Massachusetts casino law, a license can be suspended or revoked if a licensee is found "unsuitable to operate a gaming establishment."
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Steven Stamkos is back.
Stamkos set up the go-ahead goal in his return from a right knee injury as the Tampa Bay Lightning beat the Florida Panthers 5-3 on Friday night in the season opener for both teams.
Stamkos missed the final 65 games last season with a torn meniscus in the knee, an injury that required surgery. He sent a pass from the left circle through the slot to Vladislav Namestnikov, who put Tampa Bay up 3-2 from near the post 59 seconds into the final period during a power play.
"I was looking forward to this game for a while," Stamkos said. "Training camp is one thing, preseason's another. Getting into the regular season is different. It was a good step and it felt pretty good. I'm just going to keep improving and getting stronger as the season goes on."
Roberto Luongo turned aside Stamkos' shot from the slot late in the second.
Ondrej Palat had two goals, and Brayden Point and Nikita Kucherov also scored for the Lightning. Andrei Vasilevskiy made 33 saves.
Tampa Bay missed the playoffs last season after reaching the Stanley Cup Finals and the Eastern Conference Finals in 2015 and 2016, respectively.
"These wins mean a lot," Stamkos said. "We took advantage of a big power play in the third and got the lead, and held on to it."
Florida got goals from Connor Brickley Mark Pysyk and Jonathan Huberdeau, and Luongo stopped 20 shots. New Panthers coach Bob Boughner took the loss in his NHL coaching debut.
"We did a lot of good things," Florida defenseman Keith Yandle said. "I like the way we played. I like the way that we competed."
Kucherov extended the Tampa Bay advantage to 4-2 at 6:38 of the third.
Huberdeau cut it to 4-3 with 5 1/2 minutes to play, but Palat secured Tampa Bay's win with a late empty-netter.
___
For more NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Flat-Earth Rocket Scientist Reschedules Launch Data Self-taught rocket scientist "Mad" Mike Hughes won't allow a little red tape to get in the way of his green light for a launch. All systems go for his rescheduled steam-powered rocket attempt -- in his view, at least. The 61-year-old limo driver who believes Earth is flat plans to climb into his homemade vessel Monday and rocket 1 mile over the ghost town of Amboy, California. He was scheduled to blast off last weekend, but he didn't have the proper permits from the Bureau of Land Management. He's relocated his launch pad about 4 miles from its original spot so he takes off and lands on private property. It may not be enough. The BLM said he still needs to fill out the permits. Hughes contends that shouldn't be required since he's flying on private land and has permission. "I'm moving forward," Hughes said Tuesday. "I'm a daredevil. I'm not much for authority or rules." In the meantime, he keeps readying his rocket in the Mojave Desert and sleeping in a motor home that doubles as his rocket launcher. He still can't quite wrap his mind around how his project has generated so much buzz. He's been contacted by news outlets from all over the globe. "This is all just nuts, but I guess it's supposed to be," said Hughes, who will televise the launch on his YouTube channel and doesn't want spectators to show up out of safety concerns. "I've had people say so much, that I'm a fraud. I've had people email me and say, 'You're going to die.' I even had one woman ask me if we were all going to die on (launch day). But I've also had so much support. It's just crazy." His original intention was this: Set up his rocket that's built out of salvage parts and launch on an air strip next to a dilapidated hangar. He said a verbal agreement he received from the BLM a year ago fell through at the last moment. With no permit, his mission was postponed. "The BLM has a permitting process for recreational activity on public lands," BLM spokesman Stephen Razo said in an email. "Mr. Hughes has been made aware of this process by the local field office and stands ready to work with Mr. Hughes on his permit like any other once we receive an official permit request from him." Hughes said BLM representatives have since visited his location to check how things are going. "They've been very nice to me. I have no animosity," said Hughes , who transported his rocket to Amboy late last week, with his vehicle breaking down numerous times during the 100-mile trek. "Things come up and I expect things to come up. ... I understand it." Not everyone does. His beliefs that the world is flat and there's "no difference between science and science fiction" have added another dimension to the reaction to Hughes and his plans. "When I am in space, it is a sphere. It is a curve. The Earth is not flat," said retired NASA astronaut and doctor Jerry Linenger, who orbited the globe more than 2000 times during four months in 1997. "I circled it every 90 minutes and it is a real thing." As for the amateur rocket launch? "Good luck, I hope he doesn't blow something up," Linenger said. "Rocketry, as our private space companies found out, isn't as easy as it looks." Hughes has permission to be on the property from Albert Okura, who purchased the rights to Amboy in 2005 for $435,000. Hughes' new spot for a launch isn't exactly ideal, though. For starters, he had to dig ditches to level the rocket launcher, with three of the four tires now resting in holes. He's in the process of raising the 57-foot ramp, which takes about two days. He hopes to begin heating the rocket on Saturday morning. "We're almost all set," he said. Hughes assembled his contraption at the "Rocket Ranch" in Apple Valley, California, a five-acre property he leases. He found the aluminum for his rocket in metal shops and constructed the rocket nozzle out of an aircraft air filter. His project has cost him roughly $20,000, which includes the motor home he bought on Craigslist that he converted into a ramp. Since his announcements, he's received all sorts of comments, including someone posting on social media: "He'll be fine" with a picture of the cartoon character Wile E. Coyote strapped to a rocket. He takes it all in stride. "I'm not chickening out. But I'm not going to get into this (rocket) until it is right," Hughes said. "I think the world needs this ��" somebody out there to question everything, and put their money where their mouth is and put it all on the line. This is like the World Series of Poker and I'm all-in." © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: iStock. Read more on: Launch, Earth, News, Management, Email Comment:
Name:
John Howard: Posted: 2017-12-05 @ 5:11pm PT This guy is a contender for the Darwin Award. Thomas Scott News: Posted: 2017-12-05 @ 12:43pm PT This dude is a pimp. I am so proud of him. But I think he could use another method to find out if the Earth is Flat or not. I am pretty sure mountains are not flat. David: Posted: 2017-12-05 @ 1:55am PT When he kills himself the other flat-earthers will claim he was killed by the CIA. Alvin: Posted: 2017-12-04 @ 9:22am PT I read somewhere that he expects his rocket to take him to an altitude of 1800 feet. Seriously... someone should've have told him to buy a plane ticket. A commercial plane can go a lot higher than that rocket of his! Brian: Posted: 2017-12-04 @ 8:07am PT I think he should point himself toward North Korea. If he makes it in one piece, they can keep him. Marty: Posted: 2017-12-03 @ 5:58pm PT You can stop calling him a scientist. frankster: Posted: 2017-12-03 @ 3:58pm PT I hope he is not in conflict with any of the FAA routes out of the west coast flying east-bound! Though that is IF he even makes it up to that 5,280 as he plans. That is below FAA jurisdiction, but what if his "rocket science" does not add up? MikeF: Posted: 2017-12-03 @ 10:23am PT The fundamentalist flaw with these folks is that they claim to want to know the truth...but then studiously avoid doing anything to actually find out the truth.
Hughes even stated that nothing he might see while on his flight would change his mind and that he wouldn't admit to anything.
Why haven't they chartered a ship and sailed to the "ice wall" and taken pictures of it? That would cost less than 20K and would actually show their "truth"...but they won't do that. Mahima: Posted: 2017-12-02 @ 7:17pm PT He doesn't need a rocket though does he? He could use a ship or a boat and travel by sea to find that earth is round!
Transcript for Husband of Southwest victim remembers the moment he learned his wife was dead
The chaplain of possible calls and secondly that the doctor talk to them. Before the doctor could call. The common good news latency there's something going wrong. But her dress 01 passengers was was bought the hospital okay that the whole plane to crash. There's got to be. Chevy engines that she's just in the hospital but can get out their record holder him alone. The case that just can't beat that. And that troops that are called the doctor said. Sorry Richard some. Should make me.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Talking to a dying loved one—or anyone dying you've known—is no easy task. Especially if your histories are complicated. What do you do with resentments and hurts? Saying nothing and doing nothing can have consequences for your own life. How do you honor your own feelings as well as the feelings of the other person? What helps with closure, when our goodbyes are not in person? Here are some ideas for a meaningful goodbye.
If you're not sure what to say …
Say what you feel.
Palliative-care physician Dr. Ira Byock, author of The Four Things That Matter Most, says that dying people typically want to hear and say four things: “Please forgive me,” “I forgive you,” “Thank you,” and “I love you.” These phrases carry the power to mend broken relationships and to honor meaningful ones, so consider building a conversation around them. Whatever the response may be, you have done what you could to address the heart of a relationship.
If you want to feel close …
Do their favorite things.
Not everyone gets a chance to be there when a friend dies, especially someone who was important to us. This powerful, private goodbye can be done if you live apart or after a loved one is gone, for example, to mark a death anniversary. Doing an activity you once did together or something you remember the other person enjoying can help you feel close and hold on to a memory. Go for a bike ride, watch a favorite movie, or visit a favorite spot. You'll be alone, but together.
If you want to feel connected …
Organize a “secular shiva.”
Shiva is a weeklong, sequestered mourning period in Judaism held in the home of the deceased where family members gather. It's an opportunity to reinforce the bonds among loved ones left behind. You don't have to be Jewish to do it. Friends can organize one, too. New York Times columnist Bruce Feiler notes that mourning rituals often served an important community-building function but are fading away. “Like all such traditions, they may not soften the blow of a loss, but they had the unmistakable boon of reaffirming the community itself.”
If you're afraid to say goodbye …
Remember closure doesn't mean forgetting.
Society tends to think that closure means putting hurts behind us and getting on with life. But when dealing with grief, that's not how it works, writes Amy Florian, bereavement expert and author of No Longer Awkward: Communicating with Clients Through the Toughest Times of Life. “‘Closure?' No, or at least not in the way people usually use that term. Acceptance—yes. Peace—yes. Moving forward—for sure. A future bright with love, joy, and hope—absolutely,” she wrote in Huffington Post. “Healing does not mean forgetting it; it means taking the life, love, and lessons into the future with you.”
If you never got a chance in person …
Write them a letter.
Write down all the things you wish you would've said. Bottled-up emotions are unhealthy, but we don't always get a chance to say what we need to say. So write them down. This is a way to get the words off your chest and manage your mental health without burdening a dying person. According to the University of Rochester Medical Center, journaling can help you manage anxiety, reduce stress, and cope with depression. You don't have to share it with anyone. Read it out loud at a gravesite. Or just tuck it away.
Just call it a sister thing. Whenever another hockey team has sisters on the rosters, Jocelyne Lamoureux-Davidson and Monique Lamoureux-Morando take notice.
Well, the U.S. Olympians are twins themselves. Combine that with how few sisters play hockey or reach national teams playing internationally, it's easy enough to notice whenever sisters are dressing up for another country.
"It's just cool to see," Jocelyne Lamoureux-Davidson said.
The Lamoureux sisters will have some sisterly company at the 2018 Pyeongchang Games. Teammate Hannah Brandt's sister, Marissa, plays for the unified Korean women's team, and Switzerland has two sets of sisters on the roster with Nina, Isabel and Monika Waidacher, plus twins Laura and Sara Benz. Canada nearly had its own sister act with Sarah and Amy Potomak, though neither made the Olympic team.
Being sisters definitely can provide an edge in hockey.
"When we get the opportunity to be on the ice together, there's a chemistry that just never goes away," Jocelyne Lamoureux-Davidson said. "It's always there. So whenever we have an opportunity to have a couple shifts together or if we're ever put on a unit or line together, it's always there. And we've pushed each other every day whether it's workouts, during on-ice training, it's just that accountability that we've always had growing up."
Even though women's hockey didn't debut at the Olympics until 1998 in Nagano, playing hockey simply was something the Lamoureux sisters were bound to do. They were born in Fargo, North Dakota, their father, Pierre, played for the University of North Dakota, and all four of their brothers played hockey in college, with Jacque a Hobey Baker finalist in 2009 with Air Force.
The Lamoureux sisters played a year in college at Minnesota before switching to North Dakota for their final three seasons, the last in 2012-13. They have played internationally for the United States since 2006. Both play forward, though Monique also plays defense. Now 28, the sisters credit each other for their long success, which now includes a third Olympic berth.
"That's part of the reason we've pushed ourselves to this level and been competing at this level for quite a long time is that built-in accountability day-in, day-out even if we're not with the team," Jocelyne Lamoureux-Davidson said.
Monique Lamoureux-Davidson calls it the benefit of having grown up together playing every sport together on the same team, even though they haven't played together on the ice as much as people might think. Coaches have often spread the skill by playing them on separate lines.
"It's just that thing when we're on the ice together, we have that undeniable chemistry," she said.
And the American sisters definitely have an Olympic edge having won silver medals in both 2010 and 2014. Jocelyne has 11 points (two goals, nine assists) in 10 Olympic games, while Monique has 13 points (seven goals, six assists) in the same span. The U.S. women's team leaves Wednesday for South Korea chasing the gold medal that eluded the Americans in Sochi, where the United States blew a 2-0 lead to Canada in the final.
For Monique, she's chasing simple fulfillment.
"The last four years we've been kind of chasing down this dream of being Olympic champions, and nearly every single day your day is scheduled around being the best athlete you can be," she said, "and you change up your plans, you do everything you can to be the best athlete, the best leader, best team you can be."
Jocelyne can't wait for the opportunity to represent the United States once again in the Olympics with pride the emotion that bubbles up whenever she thinks of the Winter Games. It's what the sisters have been working for most of their lives. And there's one ultimate goal.
"It's gold," Jocelyne Lamoureux-Davidson said. "We've come up short the last two Olympics and our ultimate goal is just to play our best. If we can do that, we truly believe we can come out on top."
___
More AP Olympic coverage: https://wintergames.ap.org
___
Follow Teresa M. Walker at www.twitter.com/teresamwalker
Motorists coming from Manila Port to the North Luzon Expressway (NLEX) may soon expect travel time to take only 10 minutes via the NLEX Harbor Link Segment 10.
“Once completed, this will ease traffic, travel time will become faster… this is our first salvo against congestion for this year,” said Public Works Secretary Mark Villar, adding that the project is already 53 percent complete.
Targeted to be completed at the end of this year, the NLEX Harbor Link Segment 10 is being implemented under the traffic decongestion program of the DPWH.
ADVERTISEMENT
An all elevated expressway, NLEX Harbor Link Segment 10 is aimed at providing direct access between the port area and the northern provinces of Luzon via NLEX.
“This 5.7-km expressway will decongest Metro Manila by providing an alternative entry to NLEX, bypassing EDSA, and C5, which are both congested, and other busy streets of Manila,” Villar said.
“The P10.5-billion project, which is using the alignment of the Philippine National Railways (PNR), traverses Karuhatan in Valenzuela City, Governor Pascual Avenue in Malabon City, and C3 road in Caloocan City,” he added.
Villar on Tuesday led the Duterte administration's “Build, Build, Build” team in conducting a site inspection of the NLEX Harbor Link Segment 10.
He was joined by Metro Pacific Investments Corporation (MPIC) Chair Manuel Pangilinan, MPIC President Jose Ma. Lim, Metro Pacific Tollways Corporation (MPTC) President Rodrigo Franco, Transportation Secretary Arthur Tugade, and Bases Conversion and Development Authority President Vince Dizon.
“Build, Build, Build” is the mantra of the administration's infrastructure program where several government agencies are partnering to implement major projects involving roads, bridges, railways, airports, and green cities to bolster development and ease traffic congestion in the country.
Featured as one of the big-ticket projects in the said infrastructure plan, the NLEX Harbor Link Segment 10 is envisioned to alleviate traffic congestion and drive commerce between the Harbor area and Central and North Luzon. It is seen to advance transport logistics and facilitate efficient delivery of goods.
“Metro Pacific remains committed in supporting President Duterte's infrastructure program. The NLEX Harbor Link will be a great boost to the country's cargo transport industry as cargo trucks will have 24/7 direct access from the port area to the northern provinces of Luzon and vice versa,” said Pangilinan.
ADVERTISEMENT
Lim cited that “Segment 10 is just one of the expansion projects geared towards connecting NLEX to key areas in Metro Manila to provide further convenience to motorists and spur economic growth in nearby cities and provinces.”
Aside from improved movement of cargo trucks, other project benefits include efficient traffic management and lower incidence of road accidents due to better road pavement.
For his part, Franco said, “Motorists who will be using Segment 10 will enjoy the same seamless, safe, and speedy travel experience like that of those plying the NLEX mainline.”
Segment 10 is the second and last portion of the NLEX Harbor Link. The other component, the 2.4-km Segment 9 became operational in March 2015.
The NLEX Harbor Link will also pave the way for the NLEX-SLEX Connector Road, which is expected to decongest major thoroughfares and improve linkages between airports, seaports, and growth corridors in the north and south.
The NLEX-SLEX Connector Road is expected to be finished by the Year 2020, according to DPWH. JE/rga
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
President Donald Trump lashed out at the CEO of the nation's third-largest pharmaceutical company after he resigned from a federal advisory council, citing the president's failure to immediately and explicitly rebuke the white nationalists who marched in Charlottesville, Virginia.
By early afternoon, the president did issue a direct condemnation of hate groups, but it did not appear to tamp down criticism that it was not done over the weekend when fringe groups clashed with protesters.
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier wrote on Twitter Monday that "America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which runs counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal."
Frazier is one of the few African Americans to head a Fortune 500 company.
Trump mocked the executive almost immediately following the resignation, saying on Twitter that Frazier will now "have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!"
Drugmakers have come under withering criticism for soaring prices in the U.S., including by Trump, though he has yet to act on a promise to contain them.
With the barb, Trump appeared to attack an industry executive who has tried to make drug pricing somewhat more transparent by revealing his company's overall drug price changes.
In January, Merck reported that its average net prices — the amount the company receives after discounts and other rebates — increased in the years since 2010 in a range between 3.4 percent and 6.2 percent. That's about half as large as the increase in its retail prices.
The exchange lit up social media on Monday, with many people lauding Frazier and blasting the president.
Other corporate executives aired support for Frazier as well.
Unilever CEO Paul Polman wrote on Twitter, "Thanks @Merck Ken Frazier for strong leadership to stand up for the moral values that made this country what it is."
Frazier, who grew up in a poor neighborhood in Philadelphia, resigned days after one person was killed and others wounded in violent clashes between white supremacists and protesters.
Frazier and his siblings were raised by their janitor father after their mother died when he was very young. He has earned a reputation as a risk taker in the drug industry, pouring money into daunting research areas, particularly trying to develop a treatment for Alzheimer's disease.
Frazier is not the first executive to resign from advisory councils serving Trump.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk resigned from the manufacturing council in June, and two other advisory groups to the president, after the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement. Walt Disney Co. Chairman and CEO Bob Iger resigned for the same reason from the President's Strategic and Policy Forum, which Trump established to advise him on how government policy impacts economic growth and job creation.
The manufacturing jobs council had 28 members initially, but it has shrunk since it was formed earlier this year as executives retire, are replaced, or, as with Frazier and Musk, resign.
William Galston, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, said he couldn't "think of a parallel example" of any president responding as viciously as Trump to a CEO departing an advisory council.
"Usually, certain niceties are observed to smooth over a rupture," said Galston, who served as a domestic policy aide in the Clinton administration.
"We've learned that as president, Mr. Trump is behaving exactly as he did as a candidate," Galston said. "He knows only one mode: When attacked, hit back harder."
———
AP Economics Writer Josh Boak in Washington contributed to this story.
———
Follow Linda A. Johnson at https://twitter.com/LindaJ—onPharma
Smart bulbs
Photo: Grant Clauser
All models of the Philips Hue smart bulb, our pick as the best smart light bulb, allow you to power multiple lights on and off, dim, change a bulb's color, and even create light groups to enable color schemes throughout the house on command. Just know that in addition to your Alexa device, you'll also need the Hue Bridge, a hub that can handle up to 50 Hue-ified lights.
Smart plugs
Photo: Rachel Cericola
Belkin's Wemo Mini smart plug (our preferred plug-in smart outlet) is one of the many Wemo devices that you can control with Alexa. The Wemo Mini plugs into any outlet and connects to your Wi-Fi network, so you can turn fans, lights, coffee makers, and pretty much anything else on and off from your smartphone. You can even set them on a schedule, or call out commands to your Echo devices.
Smart light switches
Photo: Rachel Cericola
Lutron's Caséta is a strong wireless lighting-control system on its own, and one that we recommend to people who want a good lighting system but don't necessarily need all of the other features that a system like Samsung's SmartThings offers. Alexa works with Caséta in-wall and plug-in dimmer switches, and you can group them so you can turn off multiple lights with just the sound of your voice.
Thermostats
Photo: Jennifer Pattison Tuohy
What's the current temperature setting on your Nest Learning Thermostat? Ask Alexa. The voice assistant can also raise and lower temperatures or set our top smart-thermostat pick to Away mode. If you don't use the Nest's geofencing features (and many people don't), the ability to verbally adjust temperature settings can be a favorite feature. Multiple-thermostat owners can also call for specific devices by naming each Nest.
Robot vacuums
Photo: Liam McCabe
No one loves vacuuming, but robot vacuums make the chore as easy as pushing a button. And thanks to Alexa integration. the iRobot Roomba 690 and iRobot Roomba 960 ensure that you never even have to lift that one finger. You can bark out orders to command your Wi-Fi–connected robot army to start, stop, or resume cleaning. You can even ask Alexa to locate the little buggers.
Security cameras
Photo: Rachel Cericola
Adding Alexa control to Wi-Fi security cameras allows you to arm and disarm cameras as you enter and exit your home and to view live feeds on some Alexa-connected devices. Our favorite indoor security camera, the Logitech Circle 2 works outside too, and accepts prompts through Alexa to disable the privacy mode and even initiate recordings on command. Our outdoor pick, the Nest Cam Outdoor, provides clear imagery, the ability to distinguish between people and pets (with a paid Nest Aware subscription), and a truly weatherproof cord. If you want to cut that cord, Netgear's Arlo Pro 2 offers customizable alerts and seven days' worth of free video storage.
Smart hubs
Photo: Jon Chase
Alexa can control a lot of things, but only if you specifically ask it to. For example, if you ask Alexa to turn off your bedside lamp, it won't automatically adjust the thermostat as well. If you want to experiment with these types of automations, consider the Samsung SmartThings Hub, our top pick for smart-home hubs. It's compatible with a lot of different devices, including everything in Amazon's Alexa line.
Door locks
Photo: Jon Chase
The Kwikset Kevo, which is our top smart-lock pick, doesn't have a lot of smart-home integration. However, it does allow you to lock and unlock the door with Alexa voice commands from inside the house, as well as to provide temporary access to guests. To use the voice control, you need to pair it with the Kevo Plus hub, which at time of writing is sold separately for $100.
Doorbell cameras
Photo: Rozette Rago
As we describe in our guide to smart doorbell cameras, the SkyBell HD offers the best, most reliable peek at the other side of your door, without an added monthly subscription. With Alexa, you can ask that system to take a quick snapshot or video, turn the chime on and off, and even provide a peek through the Echo Show or Echo Spot.
Garage-door controllers
Photo: Jennifer Pattison Tuohy
The Gogogate 2 can open, close, and check the status of your garage door from anywhere, so you can let people in while you're away, or make sure you don't accidentally leave it open. As our upgrade pick, it can even integrate cameras, so you can view the status of your door from the app. You can also ask Alexa to open and close the door and have it respond accordingly.
Smart sprinkler controllers
Photo: Jennifer Pattison Tuohy
Rachio's Smart Sprinkler Controller is one of our favorite ways to smarten up yard work. It has an easy-to-use interface and supports both Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant voice commands. That means you can ask Alexa to have the system turn on and off, water specific zones, and delay run times. However, this system lacks any type of local control, so you can't make schedule adjustments without an Internet connection.
Media streaming devices
Photo: Chris Heinonen
You can find a lot of devices that allow you to get your Netflix, Amazon Video, Hulu, or other streaming fix—and not just in our guide to the best media streaming devices. However, the Amazon Fire TV Stick is currently the most compact model that also packs the power of Alexa. Having voice control can save you a lot of time when navigating tens of thousands of streaming options.
Kitchen appliances
Photo: Nick Guy
For the most part, Alexa's kitchen utility is limited to its timer-setting abilities and basic recipe-reading skills. But some appliances are beginning to integrate voice controls to varying degrees of success. Web-enabled sous vide circulators are among the earliest adopters thus far. We like the Anova Precision Cooker Wi-Fi—pair it with Alexa to check the status of a steak, adjust temperatures, and even get a little extra direction.
This guide may have been updated by Wirecutter. To see the current recommendation, please go here.
Note from Wirecutter: When readers choose to buy our independently chosen editorial picks, we may earn affiliate commissions that support our work.
Sir Ian and Dame Helen are co-starring on the big screen for the first time.
Dame Helen Mirren and Sir Ian McKellen have started shooting their new film The Good Liar in London.
Principal photography began on location in the capital on Monday.
The film, based on Nicholas Searle's book, follows career con artist Roy Courtnay (Sir Ian), who can hardly believe his luck when he meets well-to-do widow Betty McLeish (Dame Helen) online.
View photos Sir Ian will be on the big screen with Dame Helen for the first time (Lauren Hurley/PA) More
As Betty opens her home and life to him, Roy is surprised to find himself caring about her – turning what should be an easy swindle into the most treacherous tightrope walk of his life.
It is the first time Sir Ian, 78, and Dame Helen, 72, have co-starred on the big screen.
The New Line Cinema drama, directed by Bill Condon, is being filmed on location in London and Berlin and will be released in 2019.
PURCHASE, N.Y. – Patrick Vieira first noticed Jack Harrison's maturity when he met the young English winger before New York City FC traded to obtain the first overall pick of the 2016 MLS SuperDraft.
Vieira was even more impressed with Harrison when, in a true New York City moment, he was stuck in traffic and missed a flight to England for his first call-up to the English Under-21 National Team.
After failing to reach anyone at the English FA because of the five-hour time difference, Harrison showed initiative and checked himself into a hotel at John F. Kennedy Airport before booking the next available fight – at his expense, reportedly $1,500.
Harrison arrived at Heathrow Airport on Monday morning and made it to his first training session on time.
“This is a maturity you don't have in Europe,” Vieira said. “For Jack to show that I think is a good sign.”
Vieira has long championed Harrison, ranked No. 3 on the recent MLS 24 Under 24 list, for an England U-21 call-up, but on Thursday the NYCFC manager said the 20-year-old had to play at a high level consistently before given the opportunity.
“The only thing I knew was they were following him for quite a while and it was just a question of time,” Vieira said. “It was important for Jack to keep playing at that level and that will help him go to the national team.”
Vieira said Harrison's national-team inclusion is a positive – for Major League Soccer and New York City, a sign that young European players can compete abroad and still be featured internationally.
“I believe in England, France, Italy, Europe, there are some young players who don't get the game program they need,” Vieira said. “I think this is a message to say you can come and play in MLS and still play on the international level because the quality of the game is as good as it can be in some parts of Europe and if you're coming from Europe, the international level is still open.”
The young Lions face Scotland on Friday and Andorra on Wednesday in a pair of European Championship qualifiers. England are tied on points with Ukraine, but second in Group 4 on goal differential.
There is a chance that Harrison, who has 10 goals and six assists in his sophomore MLS season, will draw interest from European clubs if he has similar success with the England U-21s.
“We want to keep him, of course, but if there are clubs interested in the player they will come and speak to us and see what we can do,” Vieira said. “We are open to talk to clubs who are interested in Jack or any other player on our team. But of course we don't want to move any players, but there comes a time when you may have to.”
In this photo from June 17, 2017, Australia's Will Genia, left, sidesteps Scotland's Finn Russell during their rugby union test match in Sydney. Wallabies scrumhalf Genia has signed a two-year deal to join the Melbourne Rebels in the Super Rugby competition. (AP Photo/Rick Rycroft)
SYDNEY (AP) — Wallabies scrumhalf Will Genia has signed a two-year deal to join the Melbourne Rebels in the Super Rugby competition.
Genia played 114 Super Rugby matches for the Queensland Reds, including an instrumental role in their title-winning season in 2011, before joining Stade Francais for two seasons in France.
The 29-year-old Genia returned to Australia ahead of the international season and expressed an interest in rejoining the Reds but, after months of negotiations, has elected to join the struggling Melbourne franchise.
"It'll be a great chance to bring some of the things I've learned over the years to the club, and help drive the club forward," the 27-test veteran said. "I was always clear that I wanted to return to Australian Rugby. I love playing for my country and can't wait to have another opportunity to pull on the gold jersey."
Genia is vice-captain of the Australia squad preparing to open the Rugby Championship and Bledisloe Cup series this Saturday against the world champion New Zealand All Blacks.
The Rebels placed last in the Australian Super Rugby conference in the 2017 season and, until the Western Force was cut last week, was among the franchises the Australian Rugby Union was considering scrapping for 2018.
Queensland Rugby Union chief executive Richard Barker said the Reds wanted Genia but couldn't fit the veteran playmaker under the salary cap.
How I predicted Saraki's victory at CCT – Fayose
Ekiti State Governor, Mr Ayodele Fayose has hailed the triumph of the Senate President, Bukola Saraki at the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT) as another victory of Nigerians over tyranny, saying, “I am happy that I predicted that the CCT will absolve the Senate President in my 2017 predictions and it has come to pass.” […]
How I predicted Saraki's victory at CCT – Fayose
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Before becoming President Obama's key Homeland Security Adviser Lisa Monaco was the head of the DOJ National Security Division. You might remember the DOJ-NSD is at the center of the “small group” collaboration between DOJ-NSD and FBI Counterintelligence unit. Remember, it was the DOJ-NSD (via Sally Yates) who would not allow OIG Oversight. (John Carlin quit; Mary McCord quit; David Laufman quit)
During the 2015/2016 presidential election Lisa Monaco was one of the key WH figures doing the unmasking of raw intelligence provided by the “small group” collaborators (with Susan Rice, Ben Rhodes). Monaco was also one of the key policy strategists, heck, she was the architect, who utilized the compartmentalization of intelligence to hide the fingerprints of collaboration. This was the issue that initially stymied HSPCI Devin Nunes.
Many people have wondered if the Obama White House, recognizing the empirical risk represented by McCabe's insider knowledge, would distance themselves from McCabe -leaving him to swing in the wind- or whether they would circle the wagons to defend him. This interview should answer that question. Pay particular attention to the angst expressed by Monaco of Trump creating transparency within compartmentalized IC.
After watching the video, and understanding what battles are to come from within the Obama IC, you understand why THIS GROUP has assembled. It is all interconnected. It is all related. None of these alignments, moves, maneuvers and shifts are happening arbitrarily. They are all done purposefully knowing the biggest political battle in the history of U.S. politics is now visible on the horizon.
Additional Context:
.
2017: NASS To Make Anti-recession Laws
As Nigerians marked the beginning of the new year 2017 yesterday with hope for a better life, the Senate has said that the national assembly will make laws that would take Nigeria out of economic recession.
In a widely circulated new year message titled “Our Bond With Nigerians” signed by the chairman of the senate committee on media and public affairs, Senator Aliyu Sabi Abdullahi, the upper legislative chamber said the beginning of every new year offers opportunities for introspection and renewal, noting that “surely every Nigerian desires and deserves a good life”. “As stated in the legislative agenda of the 8th Senate, the National Assembly shall make legislations to end economic recession and set Nigeria on the part of growth and development,” the senate spokesman said.
On the specific role of the senate in the new year, he said the red chamber “shall always legislate for good governance, economic diversification, peace and security for all as the primary purpose of governance is the welfare and security of the citizens”.
“Accordingly, the 8th Senate is determined to foster and sustain mutual trust and understanding as it seeks to work with all arms of government for the good of all
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CAF confederation Cup: Amiesimaka warns Rivers United
By JOE APU
Nigerian football legend, Adokiye Amiesimaka has warned Rivers United not to be carried away by the home 2-0 victory they recorded against Rwandan side Rayonsports last weekend in the CAF Confederation Cup play off.
Amiesimaka told Supersports that Rivers United must be at their best to survive the second leg in Kigali.
Amiesimaka, a member of Nigeria's Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) winning squad of 1980, said Rivers United must avoid what happened to them in Sudan in the CAF Champions League preliminaries.
It is recalled that Rivers United had after beating El- Merriekh 3-0 in Port- Harcourt went away to lose by 4-0, a situation that saw them being relegated to the CAF Confederation Cup.
“First, I want to say congratulations to Rivers United FC of Nigeria for an encouraging performance (on Sunday),” Amiesimaka told supersport.com.
“A 2-0 (result) is as good a scoreline as any. Only 1-0 may turn out to be safe, just as 4-0 may not be safe.
“In this game, any margin is as safe or precarious as you make it.
“It is possible to lose at home, but win away. It is possible to win at home and also win away.
“It is possible to win at home, but lose away. It is possible to lose, home and away.
“Each instance has happened before. Any result is possible. To win is simply to make sure you score more goals than you concede,” he said.
The ex-international then urged the Rivers United team to press home their advantage in the return leg by playing to their strengths while ensuring their underbelly is not exposed.
“Know your strengths and build on them. Know your weaknesses and strive to prevent your opponents from capitalising on them.
“In like manner, know your opponents' strengths and strive to neutralise them, just as you should identify their weaknesses and work to capitalise on them.
“That is what the game is, a contest of wits, whether home or away and as long as refereeing is fair, it shouldn't make much difference to any solid team with the right attitude whether it is playing home or away,” Amiesimaka concluded.
Share
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
For Electric Cars To Take Off, They Need Charging Stations
Around the world, support is growing for electric cars. Automakers are delivering more electric models with longer range and lower prices, such as the Chevrolet Bolt and the Tesla Model 3. China has set aggressive targets for electric vehicle sales to curb pollution; some European countries aim to be all-electric by 2040 or sooner.
Those lofty ambitions face numerous challenges, including one practical consideration for consumers: If they buy electric cars, where will they charge them?
The distribution of public charging stations is wildly uneven around the globe. Places with lots of support from governments or utilities, like China, the Netherlands and California, have thousands of public charging outlets. Buyers of Tesla's luxury models have access to a company-funded Supercharger network. But in many places, public charging remains scarce. That's a problem for people who need to drive further than the 200 miles or so that most electric cars can travel. It's also a barrier for the millions of people who don't have a garage to plug in their cars overnight.
"Do we have what we need? The answer at the moment is, 'No,'" says Graham Evans, an analyst with IHS Markit.
Take Norway, which has publicly funded charging and generous incentives for electric buyers. Architect Nils Henningstad drives past 20 to 30 charging stations each day on his 22-mile (35-kilometer) commute to Oslo. He works for the city and can charge his Nissan Leaf at work; his fiancee charges her Tesla SUV at home or at one of the world's largest Tesla Supercharger stations, 20 miles away.
It's a very different landscape in New Berlin, Wisconsin, where Jeff Solie relies on the charging system he rigged up in his garage to charge two Tesla sedans and a Volt. Solie and his wife don't have chargers at their offices, and the nearest Tesla Superchargers are 45 miles (72 kilometers) away.
"If I can't charge at home, there's no way for me to have electric cars as my primary source of transportation," says Solie, who works for the media company E.W. Scripps.
The uneven distribution of chargers worries many potential electric vehicle owners. It's one reason electric vehicles make up less than 1 percent of cars on the road.
"Humans worst-case their purchases of automobiles. You have to prove to the consumer that they can drive across the country, even though they probably won't," says Pasquale Romano, the CEO of ChargePoint, one of the largest charging station providers in North America and Europe.
Romano says there's no exact ratio of the number of chargers needed per car. But he says workplaces should have one charger for every 2.5 electric cars and retail stores need one for every 20 electric cars. Highways need one every 50 to 75 miles, he says. That suggests a lot of gaps still need to be filled.
Automakers and governments are pushing to fill them. The number of publicly available, global charging spots grew 72 percent to more than 322,000 last year, the International Energy Agency said. Navigant Research expects that to grow to more than 2.2 million by 2026; more than one-third of those will be in China.
Tesla Inc. -- which figured out years ago that people wouldn't buy its cars without roadside charging -- is doubling its global network of Supercharger stations to 10,000 this year. BMW, Daimler, Volkswagen and Ford are building 400 fast-charging stations in Europe. Volkswagen is building hundreds of stations across the U.S. as part of its settlement for selling polluting diesel engines. Even oil-rich Dubai, which just got its first Tesla showroom, has more than 50 locations to charge electric cars.
But there are pitfalls. There are different types of charging stations, and no one knows the exact mix drivers will eventually need. A grocery store might spend $5,000 for an AC charge point, which provides a car with 5 to 15 miles of range in 30 minutes. But once most cars get 200 or 300 miles per charge, slow chargers are less necessary. Electric cars with longer range need fast-charging DC chargers along highways, but DC chargers cost $35,000 or more.
That uncertainty makes it difficult to make money setting up chargers, says Lisa Jerram, an associate director with Navigant Research. For at least the next three to five years, she says, deep-pocketed automakers, governments and utilities will be primarily responsible for building charging infrastructure.
There's also the question of who will meet the needs of apartment dwellers. San Francisco, Shanghai and Vancouver, Canada, are now requiring new homes and apartment buildings to be wired for EV charging.
But without government support, plans for charging stations can falter. In Michigan, a utility's $15 million plan to install 800 public charging stations was scrapped in April after state officials and ChargePoint objected.
Solie, the electric car owner in Wisconsin, likes Europe's approach: Governments should set bold targets for electric car sales and let the private sector meet the need.
"If the U.S. were to send up a flare that policy was going to change... investments would become very attractive," he says.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
Preston begin life without Jordan Hugill when struggling Hull City visit Deepdale on Saturday.
Follow all the build-up, action and reaction as it happens. Hit F5 or refresh for the latest.
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
ATLANTA—Diane Starkovich, Ph.D., superintendent of schools for the Archdiocese of Atlanta, will receive a 2017 “Lead. Learn. Proclaim.” Award from the National Catholic Educational Association for outstanding efforts, contributions and achievements on behalf of Catholic school education.
Nominated by a principal at an archdiocesan high school, Starkovich was chosen from more than 150,000 teachers and administrators, as well as diocesan leaders and organizations dedicated to the nation's Catholic schools.
Starkovich will be recognized during the annual NCEA 2017 Convention and Expo April 18-20 in St. Louis, Missouri. The annual award honors those whose ministry is Catholic school education and who have demonstrated a strong Catholic educational philosophy as well as exceptional ability, dedication and results.
Archbishop Wilton D. Gregory said, “Diane not only exhibits the professional capabilities and skills of an educator, she also leads with expertise and a caring management style that motivates her staff and team of principals and teachers to reach steadily higher in academic rigor/achievements while always remembering to prioritize our students and parents in all we do.”
Comedians are mourning Ralphie May after the comedian died from cardiac arrest on Friday morning.
“Ralphie had been battling pneumonia and had canceled a handful of dates over the last month in an effort to recover,” May's manager said in a statement. “Earlier this morning at a private residence in Las Vegas his body was discovered, cause of death is cardiac arrest.”
“Two days ago he won the Casino Comedian of the Year at the Global Gaming Expo and had performances throughout the remainder of 2017 as part of his residency at Harrah's Las Vegas,” his manager continued.
Stars including Chris Rock, Bob Saget, Dane Cook and more shared their memories of the late comedian on social media.
“Oh man fellow comedian and friend Ralphie May just died. So crazy. RIP Ralphie. You my friend were one of the nicest and kindest out there,” wrote Larry the Cable Guy in a series of tweets about May's death.
“Ralphie was one of the first people to congratulate me when I started filming blue collar tv. I'll miss knowing he's not out there anymore,” he added. “Thanks for your kindness, Ralphie.”
Oh man fellow comedian and friend Ralphie May just died. So crazy. RIP Ralphie. You my friend were one of the nicest and kindest out there. — Larry The Cable Guy (@GitRDoneLarry) October 6, 2017
Ralphie was one of the first people to congratulate me when I started filming blue collar tv. I'll miss knowing he's not out there anymore. — Larry The Cable Guy (@GitRDoneLarry) October 6, 2017
Thanks for your kindness Ralphie. pic.twitter.com/RPQSbJ9jWP — Larry The Cable Guy (@GitRDoneLarry) October 6, 2017
I love you RALPHIE MAY
Realest dude I've ever met.#justcorrect
— Jay Mohr (@jaymohr37) October 6, 2017
Ralphie May. Dammit. You were a funny and sweet mofo man. Rest In Peace. — bob saget (@bobsaget) October 6, 2017
I'm at a loss for words to hear about the passing of comedian Ralfie May. He was a friend to many and a father of 2 beautiful children. RIP???? pic.twitter.com/nGsq63xN0c — Gabriel Iglesias (@fluffyguy) October 6, 2017
Thanks for your kindness Ralphie. pic.twitter.com/RPQSbJ9jWP — Larry The Cable Guy (@GitRDoneLarry) October 6, 2017
I love you @Ralphie_May rest in paradise my friend. Thank you for giving me my first break in hollywood. — Jo Koy (@Jokoy) October 6, 2017
Ralphie died. Honestly one one the most naturally funny, biting, comics I have seen. Good dude. Sad when that many funny ends. RIP Big Man. — Christopher Titus (@TitusNation) October 6, 2017
NO! #RalphieMay was such a nice guy! Last time we talked backstage at @zaniesnashville I promised to put him in the Jay/Bob movie. Dammit... https://t.co/zrljotClGr — KevinSmith (@ThatKevinSmith) October 6, 2017
Sad to hear of the passing of Comedian @Ralphie_May
He was always funny with his break out on Last Comic Standing.#RIPRalphieMay https://t.co/q5mpIHEMQo
— Brian O'Halloran (@BrianCOHalloran) October 6, 2017
Rest In Peace to the always hilarious Ralphie May. ???????? pic.twitter.com/fgp3NgYa8i — Shaun Latham (@ShaunLatham) October 6, 2017
RIP Ralphie May. Had the pleasure of working with you when I first started. Such a funny guy. Such a terrible month. — Drew Lynch (@TheDrewLynch) October 6, 2017
Ralphie May was a great and funny dude. He was a real headliner. Tough to hear of his passing. Praying for his family. #RIPRalphie — Nate Bargatze (@natebargatze) October 6, 2017
Damnit @Ralphie_May ! I'm so sad right now. Such a great guy. Rest well, friend. ???????????? — Damon Wayans Yunior? (@wayansjr) October 6, 2017
I'm at a loss for words to hear about the passing of comedian Ralfie May. He was a friend to many and a father of 2 beautiful children. RIP???? pic.twitter.com/nGsq63xN0c — Gabriel Iglesias (@fluffyguy) October 6, 2017
Whoa... man.. this sucks. Ralphie was a good guy & a very funny person. Condolences to his family & fans. https://t.co/M9s6bneAeA — Dane Cook (@DaneCook) October 6, 2017
It has been a very sad week indeed. Funny mofo #RalphieMay You will be sorely missed! #standup #comedy pic.twitter.com/vVCOO0NBMw — Chris Kattan (@ChrisKattan) October 6, 2017
Damn. RIP Ralphie May. Comic warrior. — marc maron (@marcmaron) October 6, 2017
.@Ralphie_May helped get me in @TheLaughFactory. He didn't know me at all and after he saw my set he told Jamie Masada to have me onboard. — Ken Jeong (@kenjeong) October 6, 2017
May competed in the first season of Last Comic Standing in 2003, finishing in second place. The comedian went on to record multiple comedy specials for Comedy Central and Netflix, including Girth of a Nation.
May and his wife, comedian Lahna Turner, filed for divorce in 2015. The couple had two children, daughter April June, 10, and 8-year-old son August James.
Get a doggie bag or order smaller portions
Mr. Wells also recommended getting a to-go box for your entree. Don't wait until you can't stomach your after-dinner mint: You will enjoy your meal more if you stop at satiation. Holly Johnson, founder of Club Thrifty, said knowing your limits goes a long way.
“We frequently have our kids share a kids meal at sit-down restaurants,” Mrs. Johnson said, noting she and her husband often share, too. Non-leftover lovers should only order as much as they can eat. “Very often, that means sharing a few appetizers or an entree and noshing on some free bread,” she explained. Not every restaurant allows split entrees, but many do offer half-sized entrees, instead.
To round out a meal, Mr. Wells never ignores the soup, which he calls “one of the best values on the menu. It's one of those things that people always think they could make at home, but in reality, the average busy home cook rarely has time to make soup the way restaurants do,” he said.
Order strategically to maximize your dollars
Those of us who just can't resist trying a few dishes are best off ordering family style. Rachel Richards, author of “Money Honey,” recommends bringing some friends and following that strategy to make the most of any menu.
“That way, everyone can try a little bit of everything, and your money goes even farther,” she said. Ms. Richards also suggests asking the waiter for recommendations, so you don't miss any gems.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Smarter Living Newsletter A weekly roundup of the best advice from The Times on living a better, smarter, more fulfilling life. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Food and budget experts alike also recommend staying away from alcohol. Partially to keep the bill lower, but also to avoid pricey markups. “Don't drink. I'm serious about this,” Mr. Wells said. “Not even one drink, because the first drink makes the second one almost inevitable.” If you really crave an adult beverage, he has a hack for that, too. “If you can only get through this by rewarding yourself, then pick out a bottle on the wine list and buy it at retail later on. Pocket the savings.”
Going vegetarian also saves money while opening up a whole new world of creatively prepared meals. “Produce is simply less expensive than proteins, so if you cut out the meat, you'll cut down the cost,” Ms. Izzo noted.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Be proactive about paying the bill
Before you even sit down, decide how to pay. Lisa Rowan, a savings expert at The Penny Hoarder, explained that splitting the bill works best if everyone's meals are priced within $5. “Quickly checking in when you sit down to eat, to confirm whether you'll get separate checks, split the bill evenly or use some other method of paying the tab can alleviate stress at the end of the meal,” she said.
When dining out with friends, Ms. Richards emphasized the importance of allowing for a little cushion. “Be conservative with your estimates in the first place,” she said. “Remember, you aren't just paying for a $20 entree. What if the group wants to split appetizers? What if you decide to have a drink? What about tax and the tip?” Build all of that in from go, and add on another 10 percent, just in case. “The more time you spend preparing your budget for these types of events, the less likely you'll avoid sticker shock.”
Do your research before you go
With Yelp, TripAdvisor and social media, it's never been easier to check the menu ahead of time. Shop for a restaurant like you would an apartment. Especially in major cities, location provides valuable clues. “Every time you sit at a restaurant table, you're paying rent,” Mr. Wells said. “Generally speaking, you'll get a better value when you eat in a neighborhood with lower rents.”
Checking out menu prices ahead of time also prevents your stomach from deciding for you. Erin Lowry, author of “Broke Millennial: Stop Scraping By and Get Your Financial Life Together,” always checks Yelp for photos of menus, even if the restaurant does not list prices on its own website.
Mrs. Johnson noted that planning ahead is even more essential when traveling. “If you don't do any research ahead of time, it's too easy to get hungry and wind up walking into the closest place you find,” she said.
When you do check menus, remember they're not always 100 percent accurate. “Don't go into the meal assuming you'll just have the chicken because it's the cheapest,” Ms. Rowan said. “Instead, make sure you're comfortable with the price range for most of the items on the menu before agreeing to visit.”
Don't forget about offbeat dining options
With the rise of food trucks and global cuisine, it pays to get creative. Ms. Lowry pointed out the importance of thinking off the beaten path. “There are plenty of affordable options and the rise of food trucks and delivery services have certainly helped bring variety on a budget,” she noted.
Ms. Rowan also emphasized the value of looking beyond white tablecloths for good eats. “Dive bars, diners and food trucks can surprise your taste buds without ruining your budget. Elsewhere, a happy hour special or weekly half-price burger night may be your ticket to trying new dishes,” she said.
It's important to make room in your budget to occasionally treat yourself, but never do so at someone else's expense. Mrs. Johnson emphasized the importance of tipping, no matter what your budget. “I believe it's really important to save money on dining out,” she acknowledged but she—and we—both advice against trying to save on eating out by skimping on the tip. It just hurts the people involved who make the least, or who may not even receive a living wage.
DENVER (AP) — Scientists are developing robots that may one day be able to creep through old mines to help prevent environmental disasters.
The Colorado mountains have dozens of inactive mines that are filled with polluted water. If it leaks out, the water can devastate the surrounding landscape.
The first step in addressing the problem is finding out what's inside the mines, some of which date to the 1860s. That's where the robots come in. They could navigate the pitch-black passages to map the mines and analyze the water.
The robots could take several years to develop. They might resemble golf carts and cost $90,000 each.
In 2015, the Environmental Protection Agency accidentally released 3 million gallons of mustard-colored water from the Gold King Mine. The spill tainted rivers in three states.
South African Police Watch as Nigerian is Roasted to Death
A Nigerian has been burnt to death in South Africa in a what appears to be the continuation of xenophobia attacks by citizens of the former apartheid enclave on foreigners.
Confirming the attack, Mr. Habib Miller, the publicity Secretary of the Nigeria Union in South Africa who spoke with NAN in a telephone interview, said the victim, a native of Njikoka in Anambra State, was mobbed and killed in Rustenburg, North West Province.
According to the publicity Secretary, the Anambra indigene lost his life because the mobsters felt offended by the way he spoke and custom.
“The mob descended on him like a common criminal with all sorts of dangerous weapons in the presence of South African police officers.
“Eyewitnesses say the victim beckoned for help from the police to intervene and help him, but they turned a blind eye.
“When Nwaogu could no longer persevere, he ran for safety; the mob chased and caught him, poured petrol on him and set him ablaze,” he said.
The spokesman said that the mobster did not stop with their brutal treatment of Nwaogu until they were satisfied he had died. Nwaogu, who was married to a South African and blessed with two children was left to bath in the pool of his blood, until passersbys called emergency personnel to the scene.
“The eyewitnesses feeling that the victim was still alive called for help; unfortunately, Nwaogu could not survive the ordeal and died at Job Shimankane Hospital in Rustenburg,” he said.
In a related development, the Publicity Secretary alleged that 14 Nigerians who had gathered peacefully to show their displeasure of the death of a fellow Nigerian are still in detention since February this year.
“Our legal team is doing everything possible to facilitate the release of the protesters.
“We are worried that nothing has been done by the Nigerian government to stop the killings.
“We once again call on the Nigerian mission in South Africa to do the needful urgently because things are getting out of hand.
“The union with its legal desk will follow up the matter with the appropriate institutions until justice prevails,” he added.
_______
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2018 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post South African Police Watch as Nigerian is Roasted to Death appeared first on SIGNAL.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
At least 10 pilgrims from Punjab's Amritsar city were killed when a private bus in which they were travelling skidded off the road and fell into a gorge in Himachal Pradesh's Kangra district on Thursday, police said.
Superintendent of Police Sanjiv Gandhi told IANS that over 30 people were injured in the accident, around 200 km from the state capital. They have been admitted to hospitals in Dehra and Tanda towns.
The pilgrims were on their way to the popular Hindu shrine Jwalamukhi when the bus met with an accident near Dhaliara town, some 65 km from Dharamsala district headquarters.
The pilgrims, mostly traders, earlier paid obeisance at the Chintpurni temple in the hill state.
Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh expressed grief over the incident.
In May last year, a bus accident had occurred near this site in which seven people, all from Amritsar, lost their lives. They were returning home after paying obeisance at the Jwalamukhi temple.
(Via ABC News)
Officials briefed on the investigation into last Sunday's mass shooting in Las Vegas told ABC News that gunman Stephen Paddock may have visited several music festivals in the greater Las Vegas area over the past several months. All the venues are believed to have been within driving distance of Las Vegas.
Paddock is also believed to have made regular trips to the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino starting September 3 and through the rest of the month. He was known at most of the big casinos on the Las Vegas Strip because he was a major player who visited the casinos a lot, the officials said.
Investigators are also looking into whether Paddock tried to secure a room at El Cortez Hotel and Casino, at the opposite end of the Strip from the Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino, on the weekend that the Life Is Beautiful music festival took place, from September 22 to 24, the officials told ABC News.
During a Wednesday news conference, Clark County Sheriff Joseph Lombardo confirmed that Paddock rented a room that weekend at the Ogden hotel in downtown Las Vegas. Authorities have recovered items and surveillance video from when he stayed there, Lombardo said.
Officials briefed on the investigation also told ABC News that Paddock booked hotel rooms in Chicago in early August during the Lollapalooza music festival. One of the hotels where he had reservations was the Blackstone on South Michigan Avenue, across from Grant Park, where the annual event took place.
The Chicago Police Department said in a statement Thursday, “We are aware of the media reports and have been in communication with our federal partners. As you saw earlier this week the city conducts extensive public safety planning and training around major events, in close coordination with our law enforcement partners, to ensure public safety.”
A source with the Chicago Police Department confirmed for ABC News that Paddock had reservations at the Blackstone hotel.
A spokesman for the Blackstone told ABC News in a statement today, “We can confirm that there was no guest under [Paddock's] name who stayed at our hotel in August during the Lollapalooza music festival. We are cooperating with the authorities on this matter.”
It's unclear whether Paddock traveled to Chicago at that time.
Paddock also searched for hotels near Fenway Park in Boston, though there is no indication that he traveled there, sources briefed on the investigation told ABC News.
Officials briefed on the investigation told ABC News that investigators believe Paddock was seen with another woman, who was not his girlfriend, in the days before Sunday night's shooting.
Investigators are working to identify the woman and are interested in speaking with her to find out whether she has any insight, the officials said
Mary Lou Hammons Arthur, age 82 of Clinton, passed away on Thursday, February 9, 2017 at the Summit View of Lake City. She was born on July 8, 1934 in Clinton to the late William Hammons “Bill” and Velma Tanzalla Manning Hammons. Mary enjoyed gardening, flower gardening, crocheting, and most of all, having her grandchildren to spoil and enjoy. In addition to her parents, Mary is preceded in death by her husband, Robert Arthur, sister, Mandy Smith, brother, Clifton Hammons, and nephews, Marvin and Jimmy Murray.
Children Roy To Wilson
Robert A. Arthur, Jr. and wife Kim
Shelia Bolden and husband Robby Bolden
Elizabeth T. “Panzy” Arthur
Grandchildren Elizabeth “Beth” Arthur
Robert Lee Bolden and Samantha
Michael Robert Arthur
Great Granddaughter Peyton Daniel
Several Nieces, Nephews, and a host of other relatives and friends.
Graveside Service: 2 pm on Monday, February 13, 2017 at the Robbins Cemetery in Clinton, Tennessee.
Hatmaker Funeral Home, Lake City, TN in charge of arrangements.
www.hatmakerfuneralhome.com
President Herbert Hoover must be spinning in his grave from the havoc he wreaked by signing a congressional act 87 years ago making “The Star-Spangled Banner” the official national anthem of the United States.
Despite the now generally flawless Super Bowl renditions, Hoover gave license to crooners and wailers alike to have their way with the song, as comedian Roseanne Barr once undid. It has been thoroughly butchered enough times over the years to raise questions about the sanity of all but those blessed with the truest voices and sharpest memories, like the late Whitney Houston, who dare risk the public shame and humiliation.
But that hasn't stopped them, and even the most accomplished of performers like Steven Tyler have fallen painfully short (see other videos below).
Play
Mangled lyrics and cracked voices aside, "The Star-Spangled Banner” -- written in Baltimore Sept. 14, 1814, as poem “Defense of Fort M'Henry,” by lawyer Francis Scott Key -- has been the national anthem since March 3, 1931.
That's more than enough time, unintentionally or otherwise, to trample all over its majesty. Here are other examples:
(And please let us know if we've missed any.)
Play
Play
Play
Play
Play
The second and last city on my sojourn to the north of England was York.
For several hundred years, it was the second-largest city in the entire country. Today, as you look around, it's hard to imagine this, but then we don't live in an age of wool and steam and iron.
When the Romans first colonized what they called Eboracum back in A.D. 58, it was a very different place. It was the Romans who built a wall to keep the hordes of Picts and Scots out, and that wall still stands to this day.
After 450 years of rule, the Romans had taxed and spent themselves into oblivion and lost their empire.
Then along came the Saxons, who changed the name of the city to Eoforwick and continued the practice of bullying the locals while stealing their wealth and womenfolk.
Eventually, the Vikings on their pillaging raids from across the frigid North Sea began to take a liking to the place and changed the name again, this time to Jorvik, and they started to settle down. Then came Christianity.
York began to prosper and the great cathedral, called the Minster, was started in 1229. It took 250 years to complete and is one of the nation's great treasures, with huge, stained-glass windows and fluted ceilings rising up into the heavens.
It's hard to imagine the wonder of this great place for people who lived in hovels with mud walls and straw roofs. For the regular congregations, there was little doubt in their minds of the eventual salvation of man. It had to be better than their normal lives, with so much poverty, violence and illness.
A day or two visiting York begins to put all this history in perspective and shows you a slice of life that is way beyond living memory. And yet, it's all easily “strollable” within a wall built in the first century.
If you want to come closer to our time, then take perhaps a short ride back to 1829, when George Stevenson launched his first steam locomotive, the Rocket. A life-size replica is on display at the National Railway Museum, just on the other side of the mainline station.
If you go to Britain, the words “National Museum” will give you a hint that this a free place to visit. All national museums are, although a discreet notice mentions that a 5-pound (about $7.50) voluntary donation is much appreciated.
If you like engines and all things railway, then this is the place for you. It's large, and the examples of the system that most Europeans use to get around is remarkable and magnetic.
England being a fairly small and compact country, railways are a perfect fit for British people today, and it was seen immediately when Stevenson first built his Rocket.
In fact, it was more his son who built the railway engines, and his father, who was a civil engineer as well as a mechanical one, built the tracks and all the embankments and tunnels needed to guide those trains. People were staggered that the device could hit 30 miles per hour — an amazing feat for the times.
Here you also can see the progression of other trains that have come along through the ages. These are the same snorting monsters that as a little boy I used to walk beside during the war years when my parents wanted to visit my grandparents down in the south.
You had to pass the engines at Waterloo to get on board, and I was always rather scared of them as one never knew when they would give a snort and blow out a puff of smelly steam.
After the war, the government nationalized the railways, taking management away from private ownership and changing the names from London North Eastern Railway, London Midland Scottish and the Great Western Railway to the more egalitarian British Railways.
It didn't make the experience of traveling any easier, nor were the trains any better at running on time.
I had rather hoped to see Britain's most famous locomotive, the Flying Scotsman, but was told that it was “out on a journey.” The pride of the railways is still puffing its way around the country giving rides to those who miss its passing.
In its final years as a regular locomotive, it bankrupted three millionaires and found its way eventually to the museum where its maintenance costs are now part of the national debt. I had, therefore, to settle for the fastest-ever steam locomotive, The Mallard.
York is a wonderful excursion for a day or two, and for shoppers it's a marvelous experience. Wandering along The Shambles will show you how retail business was conducted in medieval times, where meat was hung outside the shops and people jostled between the narrow alleys. There is an open-air market where the accents are rounded, much the same as 100 years ago.
More travels: Victorville's Route 66 Museum remains a blast from the past
The River Ouse meanders slowly along beside the wall and riverboats offer trips and teas; it's all very traditional and very, very English.
The great bells of the Minster ring out over the city, and it's so easy to imagine how things were back when life was totally different.
And when you've had your fill, it's just two hours on a first-class modern train complete with USB ports to London, where you have to pick up your pace and deal with all the rush of modern life.
When I used to visit the north, it was only ever on business. It was a drive to the office of a customer, a negotiation and then a drive away again.
It's impossible to understand a place from such a short visit, and my impressions of that time are somewhat muddled.
Having gone back, I now see a different side of what I always felt was almost foreign. It's a part of England that in many ways is more English than the south, and I'm so glad I went back there.
“Trevor's Travels (in Southern California)” is available from amazon.com, Barnes & Noble and other booksellers. You can reach Trevor Summons at trevorsummons@hotmail.com.
DEERFIELD, Ill. — Walgreens is honoring its more than 27,000 pharmacists for their dedication to patients and the expanding role they're playing in overall health care for October's American Pharmacists Month.
“Our pharmacists' commitment to Walgreens patients is evident every day, and this year especially we've seen countless illustrations of our pharmacists going above and beyond,” Richard Ashworth, president of pharmacy and retail operations at Walgreens, said in a statement, pointing to efforts by Walgreens pharmacists to aid those impacted by the devastating 2017 hurricane season.
“As we recognize our pharmacists as part of American Pharmacists Month, it's also an opportunity to highlight their extraordinary efforts after hurricanes impacted Texas, Louisiana, Florida and Puerto Rico,” Ashworth noted. “The care, teamwork and resilience demonstrated by Walgreens pharmacists and our other employees proved critical in meeting the needs of our patients and communities at a critical time.”
Walgreens said thousands of its employees and health service providers were involved in relief and recovery efforts in the wake of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria — a testament to the role Walgreens pharmacists play in their respective communities.
For example, Walgreens pharmacists helped meet medication and medical supply needs by deploying on-site pharmacy operations at several shelters, including one at the George R. Brown Conference Center in Houston and another at Florida International University (FIU) in Miami. The shelter at FIU housed Florida Keys evacuees with special medical needs as well as dialysis-dependent patients evacuated from the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico.
Walgreens pharmacists also partnered with hospitals in areas affected by the hurricanes. The pharmacy manager of the Walgreens location at the Women's Hospital of Texas in Houston, for instance, took it upon herself to compound medications for the hospital's NICU patients. She also filled prescriptions so pediatric patients could be discharged from the hospital.
And at Baptist Hospital in Beaumont, Texas, when the Walgreens pharmacy staff weren't able to get to the location because of flooding from Hurricane Harvey, several Walgreens pharmacists from nearby locations helped hospital staff get medications to patients in critical condition who were being transferred via helicopter.
During October and November, Walgreens also is recognizing its nearly 50,000 other health care service providers, including pharmacy technicians, Healthcare Clinic nurse practitioners and physician assistants for National Physician Assistant Week (Oct. 6 to 12), National Pharmacy Technician Day (Oct. 17) and National Nurse Practitioner Week (Nov. 12 to 18).
Getty Image
The tense game of chicken the United States is now involved in with North Korea seems to be brought about by a combination of old Soviet influences and present Russian meddling in Ukraine all coming home to roost. If you've been wondering why North Korea suddenly had such swift success in getting a long-range missile put together after years of setbacks, you probably have Ukraine to thank, as well as black market assistance from a few sources in Russia.
An eagle-eyed analyst took a close look at the latest photos of Kim Jong-un and the new North Korean missiles, and he thought the rocket motors looked a lot like a Soviet design. Further sleuthing found that those particular Soviet rocket motors were only made in a few places, including Dnipro, Ukraine.
Unfortunately for Guam, Japan, and everywhere else in North Korea's sights, Dnipro made some of the Soviet's biggest, baddest missiles, and while it's still open, it's barely producing anything. That has lead to some broke, frustrated missile makers who might be willing to do business on the black market, including selling off the secrets of the RD-250 Yuzhmash model missile.
It's no secret that, throughout the 1980s, Soviet missiles made there way to Iran and North Korea. The latter got them through Syria and Egypt, and then hired languishing Soviet engineers to do the rest of the tinkering while the USSR fell apart. That gave North Korea a pretty passable model of a Soviet missile to work off of, and they have been ever since. But there were a few key details and parts missing, and that's where Ukraine has come in.
The United Nations even looked into matters six years ago and found that the North Koreans were trying to steal missile secrets from Dnipro. They didn't succeed. But then Russia annexed Crimea and instability in the remaining Ukraine gave North Korea another opportunity to try their luck with Dnipro, and this time it seems to have been successful.
Of course, Ukraine's President Petro Poroshenko denies all of this, as does the Dnipro factory. But these very specific missile models had to find their way to North Korea somehow. While Trump has been scolding China for being uncooperative, he might have been blind, once again, to the influence Russia and its neighbors have on North Korea. That's all the more ironic given that the Trump administration was just recently pondering the possibility of giving the Ukraine lethal weapons to needle Russia and get an upper hand as relations continue to worsen.
(Via the New York Times)
A total of 305 people cast their ballots Friday, as well as 134 people Saturday, in the special election. The Election Commission Office in Lebanon saw 119 voters Friday and 78 voters Saturday. The Mt. Juliet Community Center saw 95 voters Friday and 11 voters Saturday, respectively. Last Monday, there were 337 voters, which represented the biggest single-day voter turnout for the special election, as polling places opened in Watertown and at Lighthouse Church in Mt. Juliet.
The special election will fill a seat left vacant by Mae Beavers after she decided to resign her position to focus on her run for Tennessee governor.
Candidates for the seat include Democrat Mary Alice Carfi and Republican Mark Pody.
Early voting for the general election will run through Thursday from 8 a.m. until 6 p.m. at the Wilson County Election Commission office at 203 E. Main St. in Lebanon and the Mt. Juliet Community Center at 1075 Charlie Daniels Pkwy. in Mt. Juliet.
Residents voting early or on election days should remember to bring valid photo identification issued by the Tennessee Department of Safety and Homeland Security, as well as photo identification issued by Tennessee state government or the federal government, are acceptable even if they are expired. College student identification will not be accepted.
Visit wilsoncountyvotes.com for more information.
NEW YORK (AP) — Standard and Poor's Stock Indexes for Monday
Close Change MidCap 400 1888.20 Down 2.66 500 Stocks 2659.99 Up 8.49 100 Stocks 1176.45 Up 5.63
“You see, I brought a bag from home so I don't need to pay for a new one,” beamed Shmuel Shadmi, shopping at his local Super-Sol Deal store in the Tel Aviv suburb of Holon on Sunday – the first day Israel's new “bag law” came into effect.
Shadmi's attitude toward paying the now mandatory 10-agorot (less than 3-cent) fee for the plastic bags offered by supermarkets and other merchants, and scooped up with abandon by shoppers, is just what the law's backers are counting on to wean Israelis off their bag habit.
Unfortunately, an informal survey by TheMarker found that Shadmi was in a minority.
“For 10 agorot there's no chance I'm going to bring a bag from home,” said Ido, a shopper at a Tel Aviv branch of the AM:PM grocery chain, who asked for his surname not to be published.
A checkout woman at the store, Marina, said that, several hours after the law went into effect, Ido was more typical of shoppers than Shmuel. “It hasn't stopped a single customer from taking a bag,” she said. “I would say 80% are paying for bags and the rest are bringing bags from home. They take however many they need – three or four – and the cost doesn't bother them,” she added.
The law aims to get Israelis reusing shopping bags, some 1.6 billion of which are given away by the big retail chains alone. Many of them are recycled at home for packing school lunches or lining waste baskets, but far too many ends up littering parks and highways, attaching themselves to trees or cluttering streams and rivers.
Even before the law went into effect, supermarkets offered reusable bags at a price. On Sunday, though, there was little sign of shoppers opting to use them.
“If you had to pay 50 agorot for a bag, maybe people would think twice. Whoever came up with the law should have fixed a higher fee,” said Amira Rajuan, another shopper at Super-Sol Deal in Holon.
Clerks have been instructed on how to bring customers up to speed on the new law. And in order to coax shoppers to get into the habit of using reusable bags, the Environmental Protection Ministry is subsidizing their cost for the first month, so that supermarket can offer them for free with purchases of 100 shekels or more.
Environmentalists who backed the law in principle cautioned before it went into effect that it wouldn't work. But as faulty as it is, Nehama Ronen, chairwoman of ELA – a nonprofit that recycles beverage containers – said Sunday that it's a step toward improving Israel's environmental quality.
“If you look at the cost of a bag relative to the average shopping bill of the Israeli consumer, it's a drop in the bucket,” she said, adding, “The consumer doesn't feel it in his pocket.
“It will take years to change habits and it requires real work,” she said. “In Europe, for example, some countries don't allow stores to offer the bags at all, and in others they charge half a euro [53 cents].”
Microsoft Invests $50 Million in AI for Earth Program
Microsoft announced Monday that it would invest $50 million in a program that provides cloud-computing services and other resources to organizations working on climate change and environmental technology.
The Redmond company's AI for Earth program launched in July with $2 million, awarding grants to universities, companies and nongovernmental organizations that gave them free use of Microsoft's artificial-intelligence technology, including Azure cloud services and mapping tools.
Organizations that focus on agriculture, water, biodiversity and climate change are eligible for the grants, which aim to accelerate sustainability research.
"We believe that we need to, with a sense of urgency, address the climate issues for the planet," Microsoft President Brad Smith said. "If you look at the past 200 years, a series of industrial revolutions have radically improved the standards of living for human beings. But it's come at a cost for the planet."
Smith announced the $50 million investment, which is to be awarded over five years, at the One Climate Summit in Paris on Monday, which draws government officials and other leaders from around the world.
Microsoft is one of hundreds of U.S. companies that pledged to remain committed to reducing carbon emissions when President Donald Trump announced the U.S. would pull out of the global Paris Climate Accord. The U.S. is now the only country in the world to reject the pact, after Syria announced last month it would sign the agreement.
Microsoft joined Amazon, Starbucks, Google and others in signing a letter earlier this year in support of the climate agreement and opposing the Trump administration's decision to withdraw.
AI for Earth has supported independent groups as well as those that include Microsoft, such as Project Premonition, which is working on early detection of pathogens that cause diseases. Microsoft partnered with several universities, including the University of Pittsburgh and Johns Hopkins University, to launch that project.
The $50 million investment will be used to provide technology and training to emerging companies, as well as resources to help companies bring products to market.
"The good news is that the world now has vast amounts of digital data about climate-related problems," Smith said. The challenge is that the data is not easy to search and understand, which is where Azure's artificial-intelligence technology comes in.
Microsoft also plans to partner with organizations to help them spin out sustainability products as quickly as possible.
© 2017 Seattle Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
NEW YORK (AP) — The 25th anniversary of Steven Spielberg's "Schindler's List" and the 35th anniversary of Brian De Palma's "Scarface" will be celebrated with reunion screenings at the Tribeca Film Festival.
The New York festival announced Monday that Spielberg will join Liam Neeson, Ben Kingsley and Embeth Davidtz for a post-screening conversation April 26 at the Beacon Theatre. The "Scarface" event will reunite De Palma, Al Pacino and Michelle Pfeiffer on April 19 at the Beacon Theatre.
The festival will also host an anniversary screening of 1992's "In the Soup," an acclaimed independent film directed by Alexandre Rockwell. The largely forgotten release, starring Steve Buscemi and Seymour Cassel, has been restored following a Kickstarter campaign to repair the remaining, damaged print.
Also slated for on-stage interviews at Tribeca are Bradley Cooper, Jamie Foxx, Spike Lee and Alec Baldwin.
The festival runs April 18-29.
The Washington Redskins have signed cornerback Orlando Scandrick to a two-year deal worth up to $10 million, a source said.
Scandrick, 31, was released by the Dallas Cowboys on Saturday, granting his request to become a free agent.
With Washington, Scandrick will compete to start outside opposite Josh Norman. The Redskins had been in talks with Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie, but his price tag was too high for them.
The Redskins wanted a veteran presence at the position while hoping last year's third-round pick, Fabian Moreau, develops; he played 58 snaps last season. The Redskins also have Quinton Dunbar, who will challenge outside as well. Scandrick also likely would play inside versus slot receivers when needed.
Injuries took their toll on Scandrick in recent years, with the most severe a knee injury that cost him the 2015 season. He also dealt with a back injury last season, and the Cowboys filled his void with younger players such as rookies Chidobe Awuzie and Jourdan Lewis at outside cornerback, and safety Xavier Woods in the slot.
Scandrick joined the Cowboys as a fifth-round pick in 2008 and outperformed their first-round pick from that year, Mike Jenkins. He served as a slot corner his first five years, becoming one of the best interior defenders in the league. He moved into a full starting role in 2013.
In 125 games spanning nine seasons with Dallas, Scandrick had 406 tackles, 63 passes defensed, 8 forced fumbles, 8 interceptions and 1 touchdown.
ESPN's Todd Archer contributed to this report.
FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — Public criticism of the German auto industry has escalated after a report that an industry-sponsored entity commissioned a study of the effects of diesel exhaust using monkeys, while another study exposed humans to low levels of one type of air pollutant.
The German government on Monday condemned the experiments and Volkswagen sought to distance itself from them, with its chairman saying that "in the name of the whole board I emphatically disavow such practices."
The tests were reportedly commissioned by a research group funded by major German auto companies.
Revelations of the tests add a twist to the German auto industry's attempt to move past Volkswagen's scandal over cheating on diesel tests and the resulting questioning of diesel technology across the industry.
Volkswagen Chairman Hans Dieter Poetsch said the tests must be "investigated completely and without reservation," the dpa news agency reported.
A report by The New York Times found that the research group financed by top German car manufacturers commissioned experiments in which one group of monkeys was exposed to diesel exhaust from a late-model Volkswagen, while another group was exposed to fumes from an older Ford pickup.
The experiments were carried out in 2014 before Volkswagen was caught using software that let vehicles cheat on emissions tests. They were intended to show modern diesel technology had solved the problem of excess emissions, but according to the Times report the Volkswagen car in the tests was equipped with illegal software that turned emissions controls on while the car was on test stands and off during regular driving.
Volkswagen admitted using the software in 2015. The Volkswagen scandal led to public scrutiny of diesel emissions as regulators discovered that other companies' vehicles also had higher emissions on the road than during testing, though not necessarily through illegal rigging. The industry has had to fend off calls for diesel bans in German cities with high pollution levels.
Daimler AG said it was "appalled by the nature and extent of the studies" and said that, though it didn't have any influence on the studies' design, "we have launched a comprehensive investigation into the matter."
BMW said that it "did not participate in the mentioned study" on animals "and distances itself from this study." It said it was investigating the work and background of the research group.
The Times report said the group that commissioned the studies, known by German initial EUGT, got all of its funding from the three automakers.
The Times report was followed by one in Monday's edition of the Stuttgarter Zeitung daily that the now-closed research group also commissioned tests in which humans were exposed to nitrogen dioxide, which belongs to a class of pollutants known as nitrogen oxides. The group reportedly said the tests showed no effect on the subjects.
The human study, carried out by Aachen University, involved studying the effects of exposing 25 subjects, mostly students, to low levels of nitrogen dioxide like those that could be found in the environment — from a 40-liter bottle, not a diesel engine. The individuals gave informed written consent for the study, which was approved by the ethics committee of the university's medical faculty, according to the study. The university said the study had no relation to the diesel scandal.
The German government condemned the reported tests on animals and humans. Transport Minister Christian Schmidt "has no understanding for such tests ... that do not serve science but merely PR aims," spokesman Ingo Strater told reporters in Berlin.
He called for the companies concerned to provide "immediate and detailed" responses, and said a ministry commission of inquiry that was set up after the emissions scandal broke will hold a special meeting to examine whether there are any other cases.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's spokesman, Steffen Seibert, said that "the disgust many people are feeling is absolutely understandable."
"These tests on monkeys or even humans can in no way be ethically justified," Seibert said. "They raise many critical questions for those behind these tests, and these questions must urgently be answered."
He questioned the aims of the tests. "The automakers have to reduce emissions of harmful substances further and further," he said. "They should not be trying to prove the supposed harmlessness of exhaust with the help of monkeys or even humans."
Seibert said that the supervisory boards of the companies concerned "have a particular responsibility."
The governor of the German state of Lower Saxony, a major shareholder in Volkswagen, added his voice to calls for quick answers.
Stephan Weil, who sits on VW's supervisory board, stressed that "the behavior of the company must in every respect fulfill ethical demands." He said he hadn't known about the tests.
___
This story has been corrected to show that a research group commissioned the tests, not that it carried them out. A previous version corrected the first paragraph to show that the second set of tests on humans didn't involve diesel exhaust.
Something has become increasingly weird about the DOJ and FBI intransigence at releasing the two-page “Electronic Communication” (“EC”) that was written by CIA Director John Brennan to initiate the July 2016 FBI Counterintelligence operation against the campaign of presidential candidate Donald Trump.
The weird something is: According to CIA Director John Brennan's May 2017 testimony he personally briefed the Gang of Eight members, including Devin Nunes, “individually” in 2016, on that origination document. As such, in 2018 Devin Nunes would only seek a review of a document he was already briefed on.
Now think about this.
Why would the U.S. intelligence apparatus be withholding physical documents from Devin Nunes that supposedly would contain the same information previously briefed?
It just doesn't make sense….. unless. Well, unless, the Brennan origination document and the briefing Brennan gave to House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes, don't match.
Which leads to another reconciliation of behavior by the administrative state. If it is indeed true the Brennan EC doesn't match the briefing, there would have been a specific motive for entities within the usurping enterprise to remove Nunes from the origin of the ‘insurance policy‘ execution phase. Which, factually, is exactly what happened.
Removing Nunes allows the placement of a control agent. The DC process of putting a strategic political person at the center of the known risk is very familiar. Accepting the latest developments against the known activity within the ‘Spygate' issue, it is likely that control agent was/is Trey Gowdy for all the aforementioned reasons.
Additionally, accepting U.S. Person Carter Page was used to gain a FISA warrant to conduct surveillance upon the Trump campaign, and post-election the Trump transition team, the fact that HPSCI Chairman Devin Nunes was on the transition team beginning around November 11th, 2016, likely means Nunes was under FBI and DOJ surveillance for the duration of the FISA Title-1 surveillance warrant until it expired late October 2017.
Again, think about it. Chairman Devin Nunes was presumably briefed in August/September, 2016, by the CIA Director who was facilitating the origination of contact with all foreign agents and operatives assisting in the Spygate endeavor.
A few months ago (April 2018), Chairman Devin Nunes, speaking about the origination of the counterintelligence operation, stated: “There Were No Official Intelligence Channels Used To Start Trump Investigation”. WATCH:
.
The origin of the 2016 counterintelligence operation, which was specifically started by CIA Director John Brennan sharing his ‘raw intelligence product' with the FBI, was not an official product of the U.S. intelligence community. According to Devin Nunes information Brennan was NOT using official partnerships with intelligence agencies of our Five-Eyes partner nations; and he did not provide raw intelligence -as an outcome of those relationships- to the FBI.
QUESTION: Then what exactly did John Brennan brief the Gang-of-Eight on?
On May 23rd, 2017, Former CIA Director John Brennan gave very specific testimony to congress where he noted he provided the raw intelligence to FBI Director Comey – FULLSTOP. We now know Stefan Halper was part of the group assembling that raw intelligence. All of it was, as Nunes outlined, “through unofficial channels”.
Listen carefully to the opening statement from former CIA Director John Brennan May 23rd, 2017, during his testimony to congress. Pay very close attention to the segment at 13:35 of this video of Brennan's testimony:
Brennan: [13:35] “Third, through the so-called Gang-of-Eight process we kept congress apprised of these issues as we identified them.” “Again, in consultation with the White House, I PERSONALLY briefed the full details of our understanding of Russian attempts to interfere in the election to congressional leadership; specifically: Senators Harry Reid, Mitch McConnell, Dianne Feinstein and Richard Burr; and to representatives Paul Ryan, Nancy Pelosi, Devin Nunes and Adam Schiff between 11th August and 6th September [2016], I provided the same briefing to each of the gang of eight members.” “Given the highly sensitive nature of what was an active counter-intelligence case [that means the FBI], involving an ongoing Russian effort, to interfere in our presidential election, the full details of what we knew at the time were shared only with those members of congress; each of whom was accompanied by one senior staff member.”…
In the last paragraph of the testimony above Brennan is describing raw intelligence gathered prior to the Carter Page FISA Application/Warrant (October 21st, 2016).
In hindsight, and against the known facts from research, we can clearly identify two central motives surrounding why the intelligence apparatus needed the FISA warrant. First, the FBI and larger team of co-conspirators needed to have a retroactive legal basis for political surveillance that was happening long before the warrant was issued. Second, this was all part of an insurance policy to create the illusion of a Russian Conspiracy – that would later be used -if needed- in an effort to eliminate President Trump.
The unlawful foundational FBI surveillance, which happened prior to October 2016, included the use of unauthorized FISA-702 queries of the NSA and FBI database for political opposition research by contractors. Again, much like the unofficial origin of the Stefan Halper raw intelligence that began the July 2016 counterintelligence op, the FISA(702) abuse was simply more ‘unofficial' use of the intelligence apparatus.
Once the FBI Counterintelligence operation began, it was the FBI (Comey) and ODNI (Clapper) generating intel reports, likely included in the Presidents' Daily Briefing (PDB), as evidenced by Page and Strzok messages saying: “POTUS wants to know what we're doing”.
The CIA provided the false raw intel, via Stefan Halper, to start the operation, and the FBI and DOJ-NSD (National Security Division) generated the raw monitoring intelligence from the characters identified by the CIA, FBI, DOJ-NSD and approved by FBI FISA-Title 1 warrant submissions.
The FBI were running the counter-intelligence operation and generating the actual reports that were eventually shared with the White House, Susan Rice and the Dept of Justice. That's why all the unmasking requests. Those reports, or interpretations of the report content, were leaked to the media by political operatives in the IC (and specifically FBI) throughout the deployment of the “insurance policy”, by Lisa Page, Mike Kortan, James Baker and Peter Strzok – with the guiding hand of Andy McCabe.
During the time James Comey's FBI was generating the intelligence reports, Comey admitted he intentionally never informed congressional oversight: “because of the sensitivity of the matter“.
In his congressional testimony John Brennan was smartly (and intentionally) positioning himself out of the picture from the perspective of the illegal acts within the entire process. ODNI James Clapper while rubbing his face and scratching his head had taken the same route earlier. That approach would leave James Comey, Andrew McCabe and the small group within the DOJ-NSD and FBI.
The CIA and DNI wanted all traceable fingerprints to be from DOJ and FBI. And that's exactly what happened…. so far.
In his May 2017 testimony, Director Brennan goes on to say the main substance of those Gang of Eight briefings (2016) was the same as the main judgements of the January 2017 classified and unclassified Russian intelligence assessments published by the CIA, FBI, DNI and NSA (intelligence community).
FBI Director James Comey Comey made a March 20th, 2017, admission to congress that the FBI intentionally kept congress in the dark during the construct of the counter-intel narrative.
Congress was kept in the dark during this phase because the narrative can only thrive with innuendo, rumor, gossip etc. The appearance of the investigation itself was the political need; the substance was non-existent and immaterial to the creation of the narrative.
If Comey notified congress, via the Gang of Eight oversight, the counter-intel narrative would have been harder to manufacture as details would have to be consistent; and people like Devin Nunes would know what was going on. That was the benefit to keeping any oversight away while creating the politically useful narrative.
Advertisements
Photo
The village of Makanda, Ill., is about to experience nearly three minutes of fame.
That's roughly the amount of time the moon will completely block the sun on Aug. 21 in this small community in southern Illinois — the longest duration of totality anywhere in the United States during the solar eclipse, according to NASA.
The total solar eclipse is expected to start around 10:16 a.m. in Oregon and move diagonally across the country until it ends in South Carolina around 2:48 p.m. (The times are local.) The duration of totality, the period during which the moon completely covers the sun, varies by location.
The difference has to do with the geometry of the Earth and its distance from the moon, said Ernie Wright, a data visualizer at NASA. Totality will be shorter in Oregon because that part of the Earth is tilted away from the moon and farther from it.
The moon's shadow also will move more quickly across Oregon, compared with the middle of the country. “When it hits the edge of the Earth, it has to swoop around the whole curve, so it moves quite a bit faster,” Mr. Wright said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Eclipse calculators predict the moon's shadow will move about 2,410 miles per hour in western Oregon, 1,462 m.p.h. in western Kentucky and 1,502 m.p.h. near Charleston, S.C. Totality will last longer in places where the shadow moves slower.
More on Reporting on Eclipses
Totality is longest where the Earth is farthest from the sun and closest to the moon. During this solar eclipse, that period will occur above Makanda, which will go dark for two minutes and 41 seconds.
LOS ANGELES – In theory, the Lakers value veteran reserve point guard Jose Calderon for his experience and ability to play in spot minutes.
In reality, Lakers coach Luke Walton has not found many instances recently to grant Calderon that playing time. After nursing a strained right hamstring that sidelined him for 10 games, Calderon returned to the active roster only to have four healthy scratches entering Sunday's game against Toronto at Staples Center.
Calderon has averaged 4.7 points on 48.1 percent shooting and 2.6 assists in 13.9 minutes through 14 games. Despite calling Calderon “ready, Walton said he has found it “tricky” to integrate the 32-year-old veteran into the lineup for a few reasons.
Walton does not want to disrupt the tandem between reserve guards Lou Williams and Jordan Clarkson. Williams ranks first in the NBA in bench scoring (18.6 points per game), while Clarkson has fared fifth overall (14.2) among players that have played as reserves for at least 12 games.
Walton also has moved rookie forward Brandon Ingram to point guard at times to take advantage of his size (6-foot-9, 190 pounds) and to develop his ball-handling skills.
“We'd love to have find opportunities to get Jose out there,” Walton said. “If it comes, we'll give it to him.”
Similarly, Lakers reserve forward Tarik Black received healthy scratches for three games after missing nine of the previous 10 games because of a sprained right ankle. Walton did not want to disrupt consistent play from Lakers reserve forward Thomas Robinson. Black played on Sunday against Toronto.
As for Calderon, Walton planned to feature him late in Friday's game against Dallas. Then he decided otherwise as the Lakers struggled with another third-quarter start.
“I was hopeful we would be able to meet that challenge and fight back with some of the young guys,” Walton said. “It didn't work out like that. That would've been a good opportunity to get Jose out there.”
Whenever Calderon gets out there, Walton said he will have “no restrictions.”
Yet, Walton said he will proceed cautiously with Calderon, whom the Lakers acquired last offseason from Chicago for cost-cutting purposes.
“It's not the total minutes, but more how many minutes in a row he plays,” Walton said. “You don't want to play him for 12 straight minutes. In my opinion, that's when you're more likely to get hurt and fatigued when you try to make moves with an older body.”
BACK IN SIGHT
In what has become her familiar game-day ritual, Lakers president Jeanie Buss watched Sunday's game in her seat a row behind the courtside fans across from the team's bench. It marked Buss' first appearance since she and Knicks president and former Lakers coach Phil Jackson announced they ended engagement plans that were first made four years ago.
Buss, who had dated Jackson since 1999, was not in her customary seat last week against Utah and Dallas.
HAPPY TIMES
It did not take long for Lakers guard Nick Young to come up with his favorite moment in 2016.
“When the Lakers hired Luke Walton as head coach,” Young said.
Young became frustrated the previous two seasons under former Lakers coach Byron Scott, who often criticized his goofiness and inconsistency.
Contact the writer: mmedina@scng.com
Jidenna talks about being a “Patriot of Two Countries” in this Interview with Revolt TV | Watch
Nigerian-American Musician Jidenna is the most recent guest on Diddy's Revolt TV's “The Breakdown”. In the interview which aired on Tuesday, Jidenna discussed his time as a teacher in New York saying, “I killed that.” He also talked about his dual citizenship briefly, stating that he is “a patriot of two countries and a patriot of the […]
The post Jidenna talks about being a “Patriot of Two Countries” in this Interview with Revolt TV | Watch appeared first on BellaNaija.
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Mindy Tucker/Courtesy of HBO
Welcome to Comedy Now, a weekly column cataloging what comedy fans should know about what's available in the streaming world. Whether it's a brand-new special, an old classic, or the oddball show that defies categorization, we'll list as many as we can for your enjoyment right here. Who knows? We may even throw in a few non-streamable bits on occasion, like tour announcements from our favorite comics. You can check out the previous column here.
What's Now
The 2 Dope Queens come to HBO
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Beginning tonight at 11:30 pm ET, the 2 Dope Queens will reign supreme on HBO every Friday in February. The popular podcast-turned-comedy special co-hosted by Jessica Williams (The Daily Show) and Phoebe Robinson (Broad City) features a friendly, inclusive showcase format that provides a wide range of comedians a space to perform their best routines. It also includes a rotation of celebrity guests, like Williams' former Daily Show boss Jon Stewart. Yet the main attraction is the co-hosts themselves, who — as Williams told Uproxx — wield their black female identity as the ultimate “superpower.”
Kavin Jay exclaims Everybody Calm Down! on Netflix
Netflix
Between Harith Iskander's I Told You So and Fakkah Fuzz's Almost Banner, Netflix's international comedic output has taken a decidedly Asian Pacific turn. Malaysian comic Kavin Jay is the latest addition to this growing roster with Everybody Calm Down!, which began streaming today. Filmed in Singapore, Jay's first-ever stand-up special endeavor to “defy stereotypes” of all kinds with “stories about growing up in the VHS era” and the typical body size of Malay peoples when compared to Americans and Europeans.
PO1 Daniel Castillo may have been sober when he started his duty at 5 p.m. on New Year's Eve by patrolling the stretch of Benita Street in Tondo, Manila.
Before midnight, however, the “friendly” rookie policeman was “dead drunk,” having accepted all invitations from residents for him to have a drink.
But it was only when he started firing his 9mm service firearm into the air that they became scared.
ADVERTISEMENT
“He was so friendly that every time someone asked him to drink, he would drink. That's why he got drunk and started firing his gun. He was very drunk,” said Chief Insp. Arsenio Riparip, head of the Manila Police District's General Assignment and Investigation Section (MPD-GAIS), which is probing Castillo's case.
According to Riparip, Castillo was so intoxicated that he was not even aware of it when his colleagues disarmed and arrested him on Dec. 31.
They took him to the MPD-GAIS, which placed him under custody. He was subsequently charged with alarm and scandal in the city prosecutor's office on top of an administrative case.
Earlier, Philippine National Police chief Director General Ronald “Bato” dela Rosa warned that he would “show no mercy” to people caught firing guns indiscriminately on New Year's Eve, especially policemen.
This year, the PNP broke for the first time in a decade its tradition of sealing the muzzles of policemen's firearms to show that they were responsible and disciplined.
Castillo, who joined the police force in 2014, was assigned to the Gagalangin, Tondo Police Community Precinct. He was tasked to patrol the stretch of Benita Street in the Gagalangin area on New Year's Eve.
Along with other colleagues before they went on duty from
5 p.m. on Dec. 31 to 5 a.m. the following day, he was warned by his superior officers: “No one is to fire a gun.”
Riparip said this was a “strict” order not only from Dela Rosa but MPD Director Senior Supt. Joel Coronel as well.
While on patrol, however, Castillo reportedly “accepted every drink offered to him, from beer to brandy,” Riparip added.
At 11:56 p.m., he started “firing shots in the air while walking on the street.”
“He fired so many shots. After he finished off a magazine, he reloaded his firearm,” Riparip said.
All in all, they estimated that he might have fired 13 times. Fortunately, no one was reported hurt in the incident.
All the Photos From AliBaba's January 1st concert
Nigerian celebrities stepped out in their colorful attires to attend Ali Baba's January 1st concert in Lagos. Held at the prestigious Eko Hotels & Suits, celebrities including RMD, Kate Henshaw, DJ Jimmy Jatt, Faithia Williams, Mercy Aigbe, Timaya, Lilian Esoro and lots more were among the stars spotted at the sold out show. See more …
The post All the Photos From AliBaba's January 1st concert appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
As the country's biggest and most successful football club, Dynamos should be leading the way, but alarmingly, the Glamour Boys are on a free-fall.
After 14 league matches, the fast-fading Harare giants find themselves in 11th place with only 14 points.
DeMbare have only managed three wins in those 14 matches while losing six and drawing five.
This is probably the worst run for club since its formation in 1963.
Dynamos are closer to the relegation zone, just two points above whipping boys Bulawayo Chiefs, and a massive 24 points behind log leaders Ngezi Platinum Stars, who are on 38 points.
After guiding the club to a second place finish last season with very limited resources, coach Lloyd Mutasa had hoped maybe this year would be the Glamour Boys' best chance to fight to the title. However, behind the scenes, the absent Dynamos leadership threw spanners into Mutasa's project due to their failure to provide resources to the coach.
DeMbare senior players went on strike for at least two weeks during pre-season as they demanded their outstanding salaries and winning bonuses from the 2017 season.
Star striker Christian Ntouba, who was the club's top goal scorer last season, refused to play a single match for DeMbare before terminating his contract and returning to his native Cameroon.
When the league started, DeMbare could not win a single match as they lost to Chicken Inn, Ngezi Platinum Stars, Highlanders and CAPS United in their first seven matches.
The club leadership of Bernard Marriot Lusengo and Kenni Mubaiwa, who have not stepped a foot in any stadium to watch DeMbare play this season, reacted by jettisoning Mutasa out of the club.
Mutasa was replaced by his assistant Biggie Zuze, but crucially, those fundamental problems of an unhappy and poor quality squad were not addressed.
Four games into Zuze's reign, DeMbare have just managed one win while drawing the three other games.
The same problems Mutasa faced are the same which are now confronting Zuze as he has not received any moral or financial support from the DeMbare hierarchy.
It is Zuze's head that is now on the chopping block while Lusengo and Mubaiwa, who are not even bothered to watch their team in action, are already lining up a replacement.
Lusengo and company have run down this huge institution to the ground and no amount of chopping and changing of coaches will address the underlying problems gripping the sinking ship. DailyNews
Israel downgrades ties with Senegal, New Zealand Israel reportedly downgrades ties with New Zealand, Senegal over UN anti-settlement resolution Contact Editor JTA,
Reuters United Nations Security Council Israel is permanently downgrading its diplomatic ties with New Zealand and Senegal, two of the co-sponsors of an anti-settlement resolution passed in the United Nations, according to an Israeli newspaper report.
According to a "senior source," Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu decided last week not to return the two ambassadors.
Israel recalled the ambassadors after Resolution 2334 passed in late December. The resolution passed by a vote of 14-0 with one abstention, the United States.
According to the report, not returning resident ambassadors to the country is not a formal demotion of ties, but relying on a charge d'affairs in the two countries effectively downgrades the ties.
Netanyahu reportedly ordered a halt to Israeli aid to Senegal in the wake of the resolution's passage.
Venezuela and Malaysia were the resolution's other two co-sponsors.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Microbiome Insights, Inc. has announced the opening of its new laboratory on the campus of the University of British Columbia (UBC). The company, a leading end-to-end service provider for microbiome DNA sequencing and bioinformatic analysis, has expanded into its new state-of-the-art lab in order to meet the needs of over 100 clients.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006380/en/
Home of Microbiome Insights, Inc.: UBC's Pharmaceutical Sciences Building (Photo: Business Wire)
“We have experienced rapid growth in our business and across the microbiome testing industry,” says CEO Malcolm Kendall. “This move is a major milestone for our company and helps us meet the needs of our growing client base, to deliver the high-quality service they have come to expect from us.”
Founded by two world-leading microbiome researchers, Drs. Brett Finlay and Bill Mohn of UBC, Microbiome Insights has grown rapidly since its incorporation in 2015—supporting over 200 microbiome studies across academia and industry. The new laboratory, located in the UBC Pharmaceutical Sciences Building, enables the company to expand its capacity, hire additional laboratory technicians and initiate clinical laboratory (CLIA) certification.
Brad Popovich, former Chief Scientific Officer at Genome British Columbia and Chair of Microbiome Insights' Board of Directors, says, “The emergence of leading companies like Microbiome Insights is a sentinel for the growth of the microbiome testing marketplace; they are following a similar pattern of accelerated growth the field of genomics testing experienced over the past two decades.”
Microbiome Insights marked the opening of the new laboratory on May 28th with a reception and microbiome poster competition. Dr. Julian Davies, one of the scientists that spearheaded the NIH Human Microbiome Project (HMP) and Chair of the HMP External Scientific Board until 2015, spoke about the importance of microbiome research and the unique benefits of a UBC-based microbiome testing company.
About Microbiome Insights
Microbiome Insights, Inc. is a leading global provider of end-to-end services for microbiome DNA sequencing, including state-of-the-art bioinformatic analysis. Based in Vancouver, Canada, the company's customized suite of services enables researchers and clinicians to easily and effectively include microbiome analysis in studies across a range of human, animal, agricultural and environmental applications.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006380/en/
CONTACT: Microbiome Insights
Media Contact
Kristina Campbell, 778-350-5993
kristina@kcmicrobiome.com
KEYWORD: NORTH AMERICA CANADA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: EDUCATION UNIVERSITY HEALTH BIOTECHNOLOGY CLINICAL TRIALS GENETICS PHARMACEUTICAL
SOURCE: Microbiome Insights
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 03:52 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 03:52 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006380/en
Manners EH1 short action remington inlet I have a Manners EH1 FS, it's inlet for a Remington short action, hinged floor plate, and currently has a proof sendero lite barreled action sitting in it. It has pillars but they have not been installed yet - came that way from stocky's when I ordered it a month ago. This is also for sale as a full gun setup in the gun classifieds. Asking what I paid for it $600. Here are a few pics of it on the gun - it's black forest camo color. Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
Drivers have been urged to take extra care on the roads this morning after freezing temperatures across Lancashire led to widespread ice and frost, say police.
Clear skies saw temperatures plunge to around -4 °C in Lancashire with lows of -13C (8.6F) recorded in Shropshire - making it the coldest night of the year across the UK.
Anyone taking to the roads this morning is advised to take particular care on rural roads and asked to leave extra time for their journeys.
Drivers are also being asked by police to thoroughly defrost their cars before they set off.
Lancashire Road Police shared a picture on social media of the Bay Gateway in Lancaster covered in ice. Officers jokingly offered residents "free ice skating lessons".
A spokesman for British Transport Police said: "It's pretty icy in places around stations, especially car parks and walk ways. Please, be careful and take your time."
Download English News App and stay updated with all Latest News.
For News in English , follow us on
Cam Newton Issues Apology via Twitter for “Sexist” Comments to Female Reporter
by Rashad Snell
Cam Newton apologized in a Twitter video post Thursday night for sexist comments made to a female reporter.
“After careful thought, I understand that my word choice was extremely degrading and disrespectful to women,” the Carolina Panthers quarterback said at the start of the nearly two-minute video. “To be honest, that was not my intentions. And if you are a person who took offense to what I said, I sincerely apologize to you.”
On Wednesday when Charlotte Observer reporter Jourdan Rodrigue asked Newton about wide receiver Devin Funchess' route running Wednesday, Newton laughed and said, “It's funny to hear a female talk about routes. It's funny.”
The NFL released a statement Wednesday saying that Newton's response to the question was “just plain wrong and disrespectful to the exceptional female reporters and all journalists who cover our league.”
Dannon, the maker of Oikos yogurt, cut ties with spokesman Newton on Thursday. Company spokesperson Michael Neuwirth released a statement saying it was “shocked and disheartened” at the former league MVP's behavior and comments.
___
AP Sports Writers Barry Wilner and John Nicholson contributed to this report.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Specifically, Odyssey is an evolution on the now classic open-exploration platforming of Sunshine and Mario 64. Just like in those games, the player has free reign to wander around myriad unique and interesting worlds, choosing if and when they want to continue the game's story by hunting down collectibles and completing challenges. The difference here lies in the worlds Mario explores. They are much, much more vast -- and often wildly different in style to each other.
At first, this is almost jarring. In New Donk City, a sprawling metropolis, Mario's short, squat body looks noticeably out of place. Enough so to make me turn to the presenters at Nintendo's E3 booth and ask a weird question -- is Mario even human? The spokesperson on hand said the company's official line for that particular query was to say that he was a native son of the Mushroom Kingdom.
It's a surprisingly revealing answer. In Super Mario Odyssey, each "world" you visit is referred to as a "Kingdom." Alternate, perhaps, to the land the game's titular character hails from. Exploring the idea may dive too deep into Mario's extremely limited lore, but it gives an interesting reason for why Mario looks a little out of place in some of Odyssey's worlds -- they're intentionally, strikingly foreign. Knowing this doesn't make the plumber's cartoonish design look any more fitting in the big city.
If you can get past how weird Mario looks in some of these settings, however, it sets an interesting precedent. Super Mario Odyssey could potentially take the character anywhere -- even to venues that don't match the traditional Nintendo themes or aesthetics.
Visual style aside, however, Odyssey is very much a Mario game. The skyscrapers of New Donk City are designed to be climbed and explored and are the perfect playground for 3D platforming. As I wall-jumped between scaffolds, climbed up telephone poles and stood on the rooftops of the city, I stopped caring that Mario was shorter than the other people in Donk. I was focused on collecting coins, finding the "moon" items needed to power the Odyssey (Mario's airship), and learning how to use Mario's new abilities to defeat enemies and find new secrets.
And naturally, that's where the experience comes together -- the gameplay. Odyssey is built on top of classic Mario platforming rules, but he also has a few new abilities. Sure, he can run, jump and bounce across the game's landscape -- but his hat now serves as a do-it-all weapon. Mario can throw his cap to defeat enemies or collect coins, and holding down the throw button allows you to lock it in place for long enough to jump off of it, creating an impromptu platform that can save you from falls or help you get to out of reach ledges.
Mario's hat can be used to "capture" enemies too, allowing the player to possess them and take control of their body. This seems to be the game's take on traditional power-ups. Instead of equipping Mario with a Bullet-bill themed costume, he simply takes control of a Bullet-bill to fly across portions of a level. This hat trick works on objects, too. See a springy pole in the big city? Throw your hat on it, and use it to fling Mario across the world.
For all that's new in Super Mario Odyssey, the core DNA of the franchise persists. Heck, some sections of the game flatten Mario out to his familiar 8-bit NES sprite for completely traditional 2D platforming. Super Mario Odyssey is creative and weird but may be the first step towards moving the franchise into a more realistic setting. The game's Metro Kingdom (home of New Donk City) and its Forest Kingdom shown in other trailers are lush and detailed -- but the game's Sand Kingdom is as cartoony as anything we saw in Super Mario Sunshine.
There's still a lot of this game we haven't seen, but if E3 convinced us of anything, we want to see a lot more of it. It's a wonderfully creative, genuinely fun exploration game that just might fill the shoes of some of the franchise's greatest platformers. It just looks a little weird at first.
Super Mario Odyssey will be available on Nintendo Switch on October 27th.
Follow all the latest news from E3 2017 here!
Stuck in traffic this morning on your way to work?
Well you're not alone, but it's costing us a fortune.
A new survey has revealed that on average, employees lose 29.6 minutes of work per week because of bad traffic on their commute. And that's costing the UK economy a staggering £203,846,153 a week, according to the survey by motorcycle insurance company Devitt.
The company carried out a survey of 2,000 commuters and found that it takes a good 34.2 minutes before we feel calm and in control again after getting into the office late.
In addition, 32.3 per cent of us try to sneak into work without being noticed if we're late, while 43.2 per cent would actually report a colleague who continually arrived late for work.
The research also found that almost 13 per cent of people have missed a job interview because of bad traffic, and over a quarter, (27.8%) experience 'biker envy' when motorcyclists cruise past us in traffic jams.
Arconic Inc. Chief Executive Officer Klaus Kleinfeld stepped down after showing what the board of directors called “poor judgment” in sending a letter to Elliott Management Corp. amid a proxy fight.
David Hess, a board member, has been appointed interim CEO, the company said in a statement Monday. Lead director Patricia Russo will take over as interim board chair.
“Mr. Kleinfeld stepped down as Chair and CEO by mutual agreement after the Board learned that, without consultation with or authorization by the Board, he had sent a letter directly to a senior officer of Elliott Management that the Board determined showed poor judgment,” Arconic said in the statement.
The resignation disrupts what had been shaping up to be the biggest and most aggressive U.S. proxy battle this season. Elliott had been seeking to oust Kleinfeld and replace four directors at the aluminum parts maker's May 16 annual meeting.
By Jack Kaskey
Despite multiple court maneuvers by officials within Broward County Florida, details of the severity of Broward County Sheriff's Office cowardice are beginning to surface. There were ‘several' Broward County sheriff officers immediately on the scene during the Parkland school shooting, and none of them attempted to enter the school and engage the shooter.
Reports written by responding Coral Springs police officers (full pdf below) highlight how Broward sheriff officers were cowering behind trees and vehicles and telling the arriving CSPD units where the shooter was located.
“Although the BSO deputies arrived before Coral Springs police, they didn't immediately attempt to track down shooter Nikolas Cruz or aid the wounded, according to the reports.” ~ Miami Herald
The Broward deputies were the first to arrive on scene at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. According to the reports, when Coral Springs police arrived to assist they found the deputies cowering behind their cars and a nearby tree. A report from Coral Springs Officer Bryan Wilkins details how he arrived at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School within minutes of the active shooter alert — only to find Broward County Sheriff's Officers hadn't entered the school, but were instead taking cover.
“I saw approximately four Broward County Sheriff's Office vehicles parked in the west bound lane with their personnel taking up exterior positions behind their vehicles,” Wilkins wrote. “I drove up just west of the campus building 1200, exited my vehicle, grabbed my AR-15 rifle and donned on my tactical/medical gear. As I was advancing on foot through the chain-link fence, I was advised by an unknown BSO Deputy taking cover behind a tree, ‘he is on the third floor.'”
Here are some of the reports:
Advertisements
Daddy Freeze slams Chimamanda Adichie over her Hilary Clinton comments
Daddy Freeze has slammed renowned writer, Chimamanda Adichie.
The writer had called out Hillary Clinton for using “Wife, mother and grandmother” on her Twitter bio instead of starting it with ex-Senator, ex- Secretary of State and former presidential candidate.
Daddy Freeze found this disappointing, thus slammed the writer in a new post.
Using former U.S.A president, Obama's Twitter bio as a reference, he wrote;
Dear Chimamanda, I used to be a huge fan until I read your interview with Hillary Clinton.
–
Now I'm somewhere in the vesica pisces, torn between the enormous respect I had for the quality of your work and anger for what you are beginning to brandish.
–
Let me set the record straight, I am not a fan of Hillary Clinton, so I'm not jumping in as her guardian angel. As a matter of fact, I completely disagree with most of the decisions she took while in office.
–
Besides this however, woman to woman, what Hillary has achieved, in my opinion, you NEVER CAN, ‘no be beans', so you're suggesting how she should be addressed is what we Yorubas call ‘Iwosi'.
–
Even Obama refers to himself as a dad first, husband second, so what's your point exactly? Why can't Hillary be addressed as wife first, if she so chooses?
–
Could your utterances be stemming from inadequacies you need to attend to? You might consider investigating this.
–
Now, let me warn you, there are no dividing forces greater than color, race, gender and tribe. These factors continue to ensure humanity remains segregated. This table you are shaking has vast consequences even you didn't bargain for.
–
People have been over the last two years, urging me to preach about Jesus being black and I never have, do you know why? Because I DONT CARE ABOUT HIS COLOR, it's irrelevant, I care about HIS MESSAGE!
–
In the same vein, I follow you simple because of your message, NOT BECAUSE OF YOUR GENDER OR COLOR OR TRIBE. So kindly keep the focus on the message, which in my opinion is excellent.
–
Don't mar it by demarcating yourself into a ‘gender', unless of course you are employing this as a marketing tool, which, please be warned, has its own repercussions! ~FRZ
–
#FreeTheSheeple
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post Daddy Freeze slams Chimamanda Adichie over her Hilary Clinton comments appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
They say opposites attract. But these days, maybe not so much.
A growing number of singles are adding a clause to their online dating profiles telling either Trump haters or Trump supporters — depending on their political preference — that they need not apply.
"This was like a dealbreaker for me," says 50-year-old Elizabeth Jagosz from the Detroit area. "If you are Trump supporter, I'm not even going to consider meeting you for coffee."
It's not just an issue of party politics, Jagosz says. It's about core values. Love, she says, cannot conquer all.
"If you don't care about a person who says you can grab women by the pussy and that's OK — I don't wanna date you if you think that behavior's OK," Jagosz says. "If that's not a dealbreaker for you, then you and I have nothing to talk about."
As another single put it in her profile, "Red hats need not apply."
But the people wearing those red hats — the ones stamped with "Make America Great Again" — have been feeling the same way.
This lack of desire from liberals and conservatives to date each other is what David Goss says prompted him to launch TrumpSingles.com.
"Yeah, it's both ways," Goss says. "You know, like a liberal doesn't want to date a Nazi. And a republican doesn't want to date, well, a whiny snowflake, and that's what they're viewing each other as."
TrumpSingles.com is a kind of safe space for Trump supporters who say they're sick of the "lefties" refusing to even give them a chance.
"[The liberals] are just repeating this left echo chamber of 'Oh, you must be a racist; oh, you must be a homophobe; oh, you must be a misogynist,' " Goss says. "They're judging the people based on who they voted for without actually getting to know them."
Helen Fisher, the chief scientific adviser to the Internet dating website Match.com, says new research from the website shows both liberals and conservatives are moving away from the center of the political spectrum.
"There's a real distinct difference that we're seeing today, and all singles are becoming more rigid in their views," she says.
The data also shows that singles are more likely now to shun those who are at the other end of the political spectrum. And liberals are more likely to spurn conservatives than the other way around.
"I think it's very natural to the human animal to bring it into the idea of 'OK, you like this person, well, you must be like that person then,' " Fisher says. "America is taking this very, very personally. No question about it."
Looking back now, it seems almost unfathomable that even two opposing campaign advisers could cross the aisle and then actually walk down the aisle as James Carville and Mary Matalin did in 1993.
As Carville famously put it once, "You can love the sinner and hate the sin."
The couple says their secret to survival and harmony at home is simply agreeing to disagree.
But today, singles seem to be saying they just can't do that.
"I mean, I wish I could just go out and tell everyone to knock it off and be cool with each other, but it's just not going to work that way," Goss says.
His Trump Singles dating site is up to 35,000 members. LiberalHearts.com, founded by Salvatore Prano, is up to nearly 50,000.
"There's more activity now than ever," Prano says. "I knew liberals would only find comfort in each other's arms."
But there is one other option for lonely liberals. Single Joe Goldman founded MapleMatch.com, a dating site that helps Americans find Canadians "to save them from the unfathomable horror of a Trump presidency." Goldman became his own first client.
"I can't tell you the sinking feeling I felt [after the election]," he says. "That's not the country I want to live in. So why not consider places that might be more in line with my values, like Canada."
It may be better than the alternative. According to the new Match.com survey, a growing number of liberals today are simply choosing to not date at all.
They say brains are our smartest organs, but I disagree. You can trick your brain into doing something it doesn't want to do. But when it comes to the heart…no sir. Come hell or high water, you can't force your heart into doing anything it doesn't want to do. So which one deserves the smarty medal between the two organs?
Admit it or not, we are all constantly in search of love. And that's absolutely fine. But sometimes depression, needs, fear, etc.. blind us and we start to force ourselves into loving someone.
If something seems just a bit off in your relationship, consider these seven things:
1. You wonder if happy relationships exist
You tell yourself ‘Grow up, this ain't Utopia. There is no such thing as happy relationships!' It might be true that there is no perfect relationship, because we are all imperfect. But there is absolutely a happy relationship. I guess you're in trouble if you don't agree.
2. There is a small part of you that hopes he/she will break things off
You try to hush this nagging voice at the back of your head that contradicts everything in your relationship. That part gets happy when you fight, gets scared when you talk about marriage… That rebellious part is your heart trying to escape this prison.
3. You're rushing on with the relationship
The opposite of the previous sign, and that's because you're afraid if you didn't rush on with the relationship and move it to the next level, you will change your mind. And then you will be alone. Loneliness scares you the most.
4. You're suddenly experiencing extreme mood shifts
Relationships come with a workload. For two people to have their lives intertwined together, that's not an easy one to swallow. So when you don't love this other person, you will definitely choke! The translation of that will be in mood swings form.
5. When you fight you hear yourself saying things for the first time
When you're forcing yourself to love someone, you don't even allow yourself to think that. So automatically your brain tries to hide the things you might hate or dislike about this person (told you, it's a stupid organ). It all comes out when you're fighting and have no control over your thoughts.
6. Your eyes are wandering somewhere else
The most obvious of signs, and I don't think you need an explanation for this one! If you're really in love, you will never see anyone but the person you love. Everyone else will fade.
7. He/she is a good person, but…
That ‘but' ruins it all! He/she is a good person, funny, smart, ambitious, and a whole bunch of other great things. BUT you're not in love with this person! You're forcing it!
Who better to conclude the topic than Paulo Coelho “Love is an untamed force. When we try to control it, it destroys us. When we try to imprison it, it enslaves us.” So don't do that to yourself.
16:53 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Dutch historians find hidden marriage document of Shoah victims Read more The marriage certificate of a couple who perished in the Holocaust is found inside a chimney in a town east of Amsterdam ► ◄ Last Briefs
After announcing a 220 percent countervailing duty on the aircraft in September 2017, the United States added another "preliminary" anti-dumping duty of 80 percent (AFP Photo/MICHAEL BUHOLZER)
Washington (AFP) - The US Commerce Department on Friday slapped more duties on imports of Canadian manufacturer Bombardier's new CSeries jetliners.
One week after announcing a 220 percent countervailing duty on the aircraft, the United States added another "preliminary" anti-dumping duty of 80 percent.
The moves stem from a complaint by US aerospace giant Boeing alleging Bombardier had unfairly benefited from state subsidies that allowed it to sell 75 CSeries aircraft at below cost to Delta Air Lines.
"The United States is committed to free, fair and reciprocal trade with Canada, but this is not our idea of a properly functioning trading relationship," said Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross.
"We will continue to verify the accuracy of this decision, while do everything in our power to stand up for American companies and their workers."
According to Boeing's complaint, Bombardier sold its CS100 for $19.6 million each, or $13.6 million below cost.
It also said Bombardier received more than US$3 billion in subsidies from Ottawa and the Quebec government.
A final decision is expected on December 19. If confirmed, the levies would be applied to the CSeries when they are delivered to Delta starting in spring 2018.
The jetliner is the first new design in the 100- to 150-seat category in more than 25 years, and only just started to roll off assembly lines.
Ottawa and Bombardier reacted angrily to the duties, accusing Boeing of manipulating the US trade remedy system to try to prevent a new competitor from selling in the key US aviation market.
"We are extremely disappointed by and in complete disagreement with the US Department of Commerce's preliminary determination in the anti-dumping investigation of exports of large aircraft from Canada," Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said.
She also called the duties "baseless and absurdly high" while Bombardier called the Commerce decision an "egregious overreach."
Bombardier spokeswoman Nathalie Siphengphet noted that all aerospace manufacturers, including Boeing, discount new models, adding that the US company's "hypocrisy is appalling."
By looking only at the first year of the CSeries rollout, she said Commerce's probe would result in a "deeply distorted finding."
In addition to creating jobs in Canada and Britain, Siphengphet pointed out that the CSeries going forward would generate more than US$30 billion for US suppliers and support 22,700 American jobs.
Relations between Ottawa and Washington have been strained for months over the renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), and another trade row over softwood lumber.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is scheduled to meet with US President Donald Trump on Wednesday to discuss these trade irritants as a fourth round of NAFTA talks kick off in a Washington suburb.
A young man has been arrested for raping a 15-year-old girl at a park in Rohini, the police said on Wednesday.
Deputy Commissioner of Police Rishi Pal said Manish, 22, was known to the minor for the past one year as he was employed near her house.
“The minor went to a park in Begumpur area with the accused on his motorcycle around 9.30 p.m. on Tuesday, where he raped her,” Rishi Pal said.
When she returned home late and was scolded by her parents, she claimed she had been gang-raped, the police said.
Rishi Pal said a case of rape and violation of provisions of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act has been registered and the girl's attacker arrested from Begumpur area.
Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Monday:
Arconic Inc., up 79 cents to $26.69
The CEO of the metal components maker resigned after he sent a letter to Arconic's biggest shareholder without informing the board.
HCA Holdings Inc., down $2.07 to $85.65
The largest U.S. hospital operator forecast weak results in the first quarter.
M&T Bank Corp., up $5.78 to $153.71
The bank holding company disclosed better first-quarter earnings and revenue than analysts expected.
Snyder's-Lance Inc., down $6.16 to $33.76
The snack maker said high costs hurt its business in the first quarter and said its CEO resigned.
Eli Lilly & Co., down $3.50 to $82.38
Federal regulators did not approve the company's rheumatoid arthritis pill Olumiant.
Alere Inc., up $6.74 to $49.05
The medical device company accepted a new, lower buyout offer from Abbott Laboratories worth $5.3 billion.
Johnson Controls International PLC, up 49 cents to $41.09
Industrial companies made some of the largest gains as the market moved higher on Monday.
Chesapeake Energy Corp., down 20 cents to $5.69
Energy companies struggled Monday and natural gas companies took steep losses as the price of that fuel decreased.
A reporter and two villagers have been provisionally charged after a rowdy land concession protest in Kampot province last week erupted in violence, leaving cars destroyed and seriously injuring a security guard, court officials said on Monday.
Chea Sitha, 42, a reporter from Power People Newspaper, and villagers Sok Pisey, 52, and Proeung Pran, 41, were provisionally charged with acts of violence; infringement on public property; and destruction, defacement and damage of property, provincial court prosecutor Khan Chansophal said on Monday.
“They were sent to Investigating Judge Ang Sophea to continue questioning,” Mr. Chansophal said.
The three were detained on Friday in Chhuk district after villagers clashed with military police and security guards over their right to stake homes on 10 hectares of land granted to First Biotech Investment (Cambodia) in a 2007 economic land concession, military officials and deputy provincial governor Sim Vuthy said.
Authorities accuse the three men of inciting villagers who used sticks, axes and hammers to pound two of the company's cars and one military vehicle following the removal of 42 homes, which officials later burned. Protesters also severely beat a company security guard who was later taken to a hospital for treatment, military police said.
Mr. Chansophal said up to 30 others could face arrest after the court investigates military police video taken during the scuffle in Techo Aphivat commune.
“We know the identities of the offenders but they escaped after the incident,” he said.
Judge Sophea confirmed he had received the three suspects.If convicted, they face prison terms of between one and five years and fines of 4 million to 50 million riels, or about $1,000 to $12,500.
Bo Sambath, who settled on the disputed land, said the violence had stymied their plans to protest the evictions. More than 100 families had left following the confrontation out of fear the company's guards would retaliate, he said, estimating that 30 families had stayed.
“I am disappointed with the authorities because they never came to intervene when security guards fired weapons and destroyed our homes. But when the people responded, we saw military police and arrests,” Mr. Sambath said.
Mr. Vuthy said disputes should be settled through the court.
“The authority is always concerned about the people's standard of living,” he said. “We never abandoned them.”
pheap@cambodiadaily.com
© 2017, The Cambodia Daily. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced in print, electronically, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
15:02 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Erdan against exporting medical marijuana Read more Internal Security Minister warns that shipments will be diverted to criminals, after the Health Ministry recommended allowing it. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Playboy son of Equatorial Guinea leader goes on trial in France
The playboy son of Equatorial Guinea's leader, notorious for his extravagant taste in cars, homes and Michael Jackson memorabilia, goes on trial Monday in Paris charged with plundering his country's coffers to fund his jetset lifestyle in France.
Teodorin Obiang, his country's vice-president, is charged with using state money to pay for a mansion on one of the swankiest avenues in Paris, along with a 76-metre (250-foot) yacht, a collection of designer suits and other indulgences.
His lawyers have said they will call Monday for the trial to be adjourned, saying they need more time to prepare his defence.
The trial is the first arising out of an investigation into the French assets of a trio of African leaders accused of leading a life of luxury abroad while their citizens live from hand to mouth.
The 47-year-old accused is not expected to attend the trial, which is expected to last under two weeks.
He is charged with corruption, embezzlement, misuse of public funds and breach of trust.
US officials have already forced him to forfeit property bought with the proceeds of corruption, accusing him of “shamelessly” looting his country.
His house on Avenue Foch in Paris, which boasts a cinema, spa, hair salon and taps covered in gold leaf, is estimated to be worth around 107 million euros ($112 million).
When French judicial officials first launched raids in Paris in 2011, they hired trucks to haul away his Bugattis, Ferraris, Rolls-Royce and other cars.
The case sets a precedent for France which has long turned a blind eye to African dictators who routinely park their ill-gotten gains in Parisian real estate and luxury products.
It came about after nearly a decade of lobbying by anti-corruption groups Sherpa and Transparency International.
“In the beginning, there was simply no political will in France to listen to us,” William Bourdon, a lawyer for Sherpa, wrote in September.
French prosecutors allege that party-loving Obiang lined his pockets to the tune of nearly 110 million euros between 2004-2011, when he was agriculture minister for his father, President Teodoro Obiang Nguema.
As agriculture minister he held a powerful position that gave him control over the lucrative timber industry which is Equatorial Guinea's main export after oil.
A so-called “revolutionary” tax imposed on wood sales was transferred to his personal accounts, prosecutors allege.
He has “always said that he earned the money legally in his country,” one of his lawyers, Emmanuel Marsigny, told AFP.
Obiang fought unsuccessfully to prevent the trial.
In December, the International Court of Justice in the Hague rejected a request by Equatorial Guinea to suspend the case.
Born in 1969, Obiang was 10 when his father overthrew his bloodthirsty uncle, the dictator Francisco Macias Nguema.
Now Africa's longest-serving ruler, Teodoro Obiang Nguema made his son vice-president in June just after being re-elected with his usual score of more than 90 percent of votes cast.
During one of his appeals against the French trial, a lawyer acting for the French government said Obiang had a “compulsive need to buy”.
In a settlement with US prosecutors in 2014, Obiang agreed to turn over more than $30 million in property — including a Malibu villa, a Ferrari and Michael Jackson memorabilia.
The music fan is known to have bought a crystal-covered glove worn by Michael Jackson during his “Bad” tour, which is worth hundreds of thousands of euros.
The US Justice Department said he “embarked on a corruption-fuelled spending spree in the United States” after racking up $300 million through embezzlement, extortion, and money laundering.
In November, Swiss prosecutors said they had opened a money laundering probe targeting Obiang and seized 11 luxury cars in Geneva, including a Bugatti Veyron worth around two million euros.
Equatorial Guinea, Africa's only Spanish-speaking nation, is the continent's third-biggest oil producer.
Analysts say the energy boom has benefitted only a select few. The country is also regularly criticised by human rights groups for repressive laws, unlawful killings, torture and corruption.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Chris Coleman has been encouraged by the early response of the Sunderland squad to his management, and says hard work on the training ground will be key.
The Black Cats switched to a back five and secured a crucial point against Wolves, despite being reduced to ten men in the second half.
Coleman says he knows how to motivate and organise a team and hopes the side can now start to climb away from safety.
He said: “The early signs are okay. It's game by game, step by step, and we have got to keep building. It's all about what happens on the training ground. I don't care what team you are, you get your success on the training ground.
“It's resilience, diligence, all those nasty words, accountability, and the better you get at those things, the better results you get.
“I haven't got a magical wand but I know how to motivate and organise a team.”
Coleman was pleased with his team's application work-rate and says that will be key to turning around the wretched run without a win at the Stadium of Light.
Failure to beat Fulham would mean a full calendar year passing without the Black Cats winning on home turf, but with Birmingham also travelling to Wearside before Christmas, it is a big opportunity to close the gap to the sides in mid-table.
He said: “That is the very least we can do [work hard]. The buzz words now are playing between the lines and creating overloads.
“Those nasty words I mentioned before turn you into a hard team to play against and means you end up getting better results.
“It is not about a one-off game and having that same spirit next week.
“I know we are at home and the pressure is on us and the fans are super unhappy and I don't blame them for that because we haven't won for so long at home.
But we've got to shown that same resilence at home, be brave. We've got to find the answers to turn it around at home and make sure we do it.”
Applications for a further three Russian athletes to compete as neutrals have been filed to the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF).
According to Russia's state news agency TASS, the Russian Athletics Federation (RusAF) has sent the appeals of Daniil Kotov, Yegor Nikolayev and Anatoliy Ryapolov to the global governing body.
RusAF remains banned from international athletics competitions due to doping allegations, pending its completion of reinstatement criteria.
Athletes are permitted to compete neutrally if they can demonstrate they have been operating in an "effective testing system".
The ban, which has been in place since November 2015, was maintained by the IAAF Council last month.
RusAF spokesperson Natalia Yukhareva told TASS that there were still 50 applications which have not yet been filed.
In total this year, 47 applications have been approved, of which nine were specifically for the World Under-18 Championships in Kenya's capital Nairobi and two were specifically for the European Under-20 Championships in Italian city Grosseto.
A total of 109 applications have been declined.
Yegor Nikolayev is among those hoping to be able to compete as a neutral athlete ©Getty Images
Nineteen Russians competed as Authorised Neutral Athletes at this year's IAAF World Championships in London.
They won a total of six medals, including one gold, and would have placed ninth overall, above Germany.
RusAF President Dmitry Shlyakhtin said earlier this month that he expects Russia to have to participate as neutrals at the World Indoor Championships in Birmingham in March.
Long jumper Ryapolov claimed the gold medal at the 2014 Youth Olympic Games in Nanjing and won the world youth title in Donestk in 2013.
He also topped the podium at the 2015 European Junior Championships.
Kotov won a silver medal in the pole vault event at the 2014 World Championships in Eugene in the United States.
Nikolayev, a middle distance runner, was part of the Russian team which was second at the European Team Championships in Stockholm in 2012.
He has also finished fourth at the 2013 and 2015 editions of the Summer Universiade.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Just six days into his presidency, Donald Trump was informed his national security adviser had misled his vice president about contacts with Russia. Trump kept his No. 2 in the dark and waited nearly three weeks before ousting the aide, Michael Flynn, citing a slow but steady erosion of trust, White House officials said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI about his telephone conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., a sign his ties to Russia had caught the attention of law enforcement officials.
But in the White House's retelling of Flynn's stunning downfall, his error was not that he discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration — a potential violation of a rarely enforced law — but the fact that he denied it for weeks, apparently misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other senior Trump aides about the nature of the conversations. White House officials said they conducted a thorough review of Flynn's interactions, including transcripts of calls secretly recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, but found nothing illegal.
Pence, who had vouched for Flynn in a televised interview, is said to have been angry and deeply frustrated.
"The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable incidents is what led the president to ask General Flynn for his resignation," White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Tuesday, one day after the president asked Flynn to leave.
Flynn, in an interview with The Daily Caller News Foundation, said Monday "there were no lines crossed" in his conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
The explanation of the episode left many questions unanswered, including why Trump didn't alert Pence to the matter and why Trump allowed Flynn to keep accessing classified information and taking part in the president's discussions with world leaders up until the day he was fired.
White House officials also struggled to explain why Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway had declared the president retained "full confidence" in Flynn just hours before the adviser had to submit his letter of resignation.
Later Tuesday, The New York Times reported that U.S. agencies had intercepted phone calls last year between Russian intelligence officials and members of Donald Trump's 2016 campaign team. Current and former U.S. officials who spoke to the Times anonymously said they found no evidence that the Trump campaign was working with the Russians on hacking or other efforts to influence the election.
The White House shakeup, less than one month into Trump's tenure, marked another jarring setback for a new administration already dealing with tensions among top aides and a legal fight over the president's travel ban order. Flynn's firing also heightened questions about the president's friendly posture toward Russia. Democrats called for investigations into Flynn's contacts, and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham said Congress needed to know whether he had been acting with direction from the president or others.
Trump initially thought Flynn could survive the controversy, according to a person with direct knowledge of the president's views, but a pair of explosive stories in The Washington Post in recent days made the situation untenable. As early as last week, he and aides began making contingency plans for Flynn's dismissal, a senior administration official said. While the president was said to be upset with Flynn, he also expressed anger with other aides for "losing control" of the story and making his young administration look bad.
Pence spokesman Marc Lotter said Pence became aware that he had received "incomplete information" from Flynn only after the first Washington Post report Thursday night. Pence learned about the Justice Department warnings to the White House around the same time.
The officials and others with knowledge of the situation were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and requested anonymity.
Ahead of the Jan. 20 inauguration, Pence and other officials insisted publicly that Flynn had not discussed sanctions in his talks with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. On Jan. 26, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates contacted White House counsel Don McGahn to raise concerns about discrepancies between the public accounting and what intelligence officials knew to be true about the contacts based on routine recordings of communications with foreign officials who are in the U.S.
The Justice Department warned the White House that the inconsistencies would leave the president's top national security aide vulnerable to blackmail from Russia, according to a person with knowledge of the discussion. The president was informed of the warnings the same day, Spicer said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI around the same time, according to a U.S. official who was briefed on the investigation.
It was not immediately known what questions the FBI asked of Flynn or what he told law enforcement officials.
McGahn, along with chief of staff Reince Priebus and strategist Steve Bannon, also questioned Flynn multiple times in the ensuing weeks, a White House official said. Top aides also reviewed transcripts of Flynn's contacts with the ambassador, according to a person with knowledge of the review process.
At the same time, the official said Trump aides began taking steps to put some distance between the president and Flynn. CIA Director Mike Pompeo and retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, a top Flynn aide, started taking part in Trump's daily security briefings.
Top Trump advisers quietly met with Vice Admiral Robert Harward last week and spoke with the former Navy SEAL again Monday, the White House official said. Harward is seen as the top contender for the job, though former CIA Director David Petraeus and Kellogg, who has temporarily stepped into the role, are also under consideration.
Spicer said other "questionable incidents" had contributed to Flynn's firing. According to one person with knowledge of the matter, those incidents included Flynn seeking a security clearance for his son during the transition.
At the time, it was Pence who was again put in the position of defending Flynn on television, saying he had not sought a clearance for the retired general's son.
A U.S. official told The Associated Press that Flynn was in frequent contact with Kislyak on the day the Obama administration slapped sanctions on Russia for election-related hacking, as well as at other times during the transition. Spicer said Flynn was not discussing sanctions at the president's behest.
Before he resigned Monday night, Flynn told the investigative news nonprofit affiliated with the website The Daily Caller that he and Kislyak spoke only generally about the Russian diplomats expelled by President Barack Obama as part of the previous administration's response to Moscow's interference in the U.S. presidential election.
"It wasn't about sanctions. It was about the 35 guys who were thrown out," Flynn said. "It was basically: 'Look, I know this happened. We'll review everything.' I never said anything such as, 'We're going to review sanctions,' or anything like that."
___
Associated Press writers Jonathan Lemire, Eric Tucker, Ken Thomas, Jill Colvin, Erica Werner and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report.
___
Online: https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/3461508-Michael-Flynn-Resignation-Letter.html
Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC and Vivian Salama at http://twitter.com/vmsalama
Quit notice: Osinbajo meets Ohaneze, South East Govs
By Johnbosco Agbakwuru
ABUJA – ACTING President Yemi Osinbajo Wednesday said that the Federal Government will not shy away from its responsibilities and vowed that the government would do everything within its power to defend and uphold the terms of the nation's constitution, which declares that Nigeria is ‘one nation under God.'
The Acting President stated this when he met with the leadership of Ohaneze Ndigbo, the five governors of the South Eastern zone and the leadership of the zone in the National Assembly and other stakeholders from the area.
The meeting was on the wake of the recent agitation for the Sovereign State of Biafra, the sit-at-home order by the Indegenous People of Biafra, IPOB and the ultimatum by the coalition of Arewa Youths that Igbos should vacate the 19 states of the North on or before 1st October.
In his opening remarks before going into close session, the Acting President reminded the Ohaneze and other leaders from the South East that violence and war were terrible things, stressing that they were easy to start but impossible to end.
He further stated that one of the reasons for the consultative session was to see a way of addressing the agitations and proclamations urgently and decisively, adding, “Burying our heads in the sand and expecting the storm to blow over of their own accord is not an option.”
The post Quit notice: Osinbajo meets Ohaneze, South East Govs appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image via Getty
Lady Gaga will make the best use of her time at Coachella by shooting scenes there this week for the remake of A Star Is Born with Bradley Cooper.
Advertisement
During her Coachella set on Sunday, Gaga debuted her new single “The Cure,” a sparkle of a song that's more on the peppy synth side of pop than what we're used to from her.
Days later, she'll be shooting scenes for the long-brewing remake of A Star Is Born, which Cooper is directing.
Advertisement
Regular people have been invited to participate as extras for concert scenes shooting on April 18 and 19, so as to take advantage of the sea of music lovers and flower crowns gathered in the dessert of Indio, California.
Billboard reports:
The solicitation for extras (which you can read here) invites Little Monsters to “be in the audience as Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga films scenes on the actual Coachella stages. Help cheer and applaud their performances on camera... the scenes for these days will portray a Country Western music concert. All you Monsters that can attend should get decked out in your most comfortable denim & boots, throw on a Stetson (leave those pink Joanne hats at home) and come out to show your support!”
These future memories cost $10 per ticket and everyone's phones will reportedly be trapped in a Yondr pouch to prevent photo and video leaks while filming.
MODESTO, Calif. (AP) - A Northern California city has agreed to pay $2.65 million to the family of a mentally ill Gulf War veteran fatally shot by police in 2014 after his family called 911.
The Sacramento Bee reports Tuesday the agreement between the city of Lodi and the family of Parminder Singh Shergill settles a federal lawsuit the family filed accusing the officers of excessive force.
Shergill was killed after his sister-in-law called 911 and said he was a paranoid schizophrenic who was "going crazy" and was attacking his mother. Shergill's family says he suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder after participating in Operation Desert Storm in the 1990s.
Officers fatally shot Shergill as he walked through his neighborhood after they said he charged at them with a knife. Shergill's family disputes that account.
___
Information from: The Sacramento Bee, http://www.sacbee.com
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TRUMP'S FIRST 100 DAYS with ABC's RICK KLEIN and VERONICA STRACQUALURSI
Day No. 89
THE BIG STORY: It's the biggest political test of the Trump era, and both sides got a fight that they may have been quite ready for. The stakes in Georgia on Tuesday, with the special House election to replace HHS Secretary Tom Price, may be greater than Democrats anticipated, given the difficulty that any candidate would have in clearing 50 percent in an 18-person field. Jon Ossoff could well come close, but falling short will be cast (indeed, is already being cast by President Trump) as missing out on what could be Democrats' best chance to steal a red-state seat early in the Trump era. Over on the other side, Republicans have seen their long-simmering civil war continue. Eleven Republican candidates have been clamoring for attention and outside groups have been firing on individual candidates – and possibly boosting Ossoff with one particular silly ad that used footage of him playing “Star Wars” characters in college. Trump's closing robocall message in the district – to “vote Republican” because Nancy Pelosi and Ossoff would “raise your taxes, destroy your health care, and flood our country with illegal immigrants” -- lays out the stakes as starkly as both parties might wish.
THE BURIED STORY: “I don't want to telegraph what I'm doing or what I'm thinking,” President Trump told Fox News regarding North Korea. Yet it seems we know quite a bit about the president's mindset when it comes to North Korea, whatever it actually means when Vice President Mike Pence declared an end to the “era of strategic patience.” This looks like a slow-motion march to war, with two sides that won't stand for being underestimated. The statement by a North Korean official to the BBC, promising “weekly, monthly, and yearly” missile tests, suggests these will be tense times until they become overtly dangerous times. The North Koreans do not want to be ignored, and neither does the American president. Even if quiet days slip by, Kim Jong-un and Donald Trump are testing each other, privately and publicly, in ways that could go badly fast.
THE SHINY STORY: Trump friends and Trump foes are learning to focus on what he does, not what he says. But what he says and what he doesn't do are showing signs of spilling over into what he wants to get done. On this Tax Day, it's now beyond obvious that the president intends to never release his tax returns. (“We'll have to get back to you on that,” White House press secretary Sean Spicer told ABC's Jonathan Karl Monday, when asked that question directly.) That stance is uniting Democrats behind efforts to stymie tax reform, as The New York Times reports. The president's own past actions are also impacting perceptions of the “Buy American, Hire American” initiative Trump is rolling out Tuesday in Wisconsin. Stories are rightfully resurfacing about foreign workers and visa programs in use at Mar-a-Lago and Trump wineries. Ditto China, with The Associated Press reporting that Ivanka Trump's business won new trademarks even while she joined her father in welcoming China's president at Mar-a-Lago. A president for whom business is personal is finding his personal business more relevant than he'd ever hoped.
TLDR: The stakes are high in the Georgia special election today as the election results could be seen as a referendum on President Trump and his policies.
PHOTO OF THE DAY: President Trump blows a whistle to start an egg roll race during the 139th White House Easter Egg Roll, the first of his administration. “I've seen those kids, and they're highly, highly competitive,” Trump said in his welcoming remarks. (Credit: Susan Walsh/AP Photo)
Susan Walsh/AP Photo
NOTABLES
--TRUMP TO SIGN EXECUTIVE ORDER TARGETING FOREIGN WORK VISAS: President Donald Trump is set to sign an executive order titled “Buy American, Hire American” Tuesday morning in Kenosha, Wisconsin, calling on agencies to overhaul the H-1B visa program. The order calls on the Department of Labor, the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security and the State Department to “take prompt action to crack down on fraud and abuse” within the U.S. immigration system to "protect workers." The order aligns with Trump's promise as a candidate to review visa programs to prioritize the goal of "buy American, hire American," even as the president's own company, the Trump Organization, has often opted to take an alternate route. ABC's KATHERINE FAULDERS has more: http://abcn.ws/2pwmXNc
--TRUMP SAYS NORTH KOREA HAS 'GOTTA BEHAVE': President Donald Trump weighed in on the tense situation with North Korea on the sidelines of the annual White House Easter Egg Roll Monday, ABC's MEGHAN KENEALLY, MARY BRUCE and NICKI ROSSOLL note. When asked for his message to North Korea after its failed missile launch on Sunday, Trump responded, "They gotta behave." Later, when ABC News pressed Trump on his next move on the Korean Peninsula, he said, "You'll see." http://abcn.ws/2oFRbyQ
--SPICER DEFENDS WHITE HOUSE POLICY ON VISITOR LOGS: White House press secretary Sean Spicer defended the Trump administration's decision to not voluntarily release records of White House visitors to the public and described the Obama administration's online posting of those logs as a "faux" effort. ABC's ADAM KELSEY has more: http://abcn.ws/2oFd8wr
SPEED READ
TRUMP CONGRATULATES TURKEY'S Erdoğan AFTER CONTESTED REFERENDUM. President Donald Trump called Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to congratulate him on his controversial referendum victory, the Turkish Presidential Palace confirmed to ABC News on Monday, ABC's ENGIN BAS and JOSHUA HOYOS report. The Turkish referendum is due to eliminate the prime minister's office and give the country's president sweeping powers and nearly complete control of the government -- authority not originally granted under the country's constitution. At the White House Monday, Press Secretary Sean Spicer deflected follow-up questions about Erdoğan's accumulation of power, saying that the people of Turkey "have a right to have elections and their people participated in that." http://abcn.ws/2pbNEtL
TRUMP COULD RELEASE HIS TAXES BUT PROBABLY WON'T, EXPERTS SAY. President Donald Trump like other Americans is supposed to file his taxes by Tuesday's deadline, but that doesn't mean the public will get to see his elusive returns. Trump was the first presidential candidate in more than 40 years to refuse to release his tax returns, and there's no indication he will do so as president. Two days after thousands of people protested around the country to demand that Trump release his taxes, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said in Monday's press briefing that the president will not be releasing his 2016 returns, saying – without explanation – that the 2016 returns are “under the same audit that existed.” ABC's MEGHAN KENEALLY has more: http://abcn.ws/2ooLmm0
EXAMINING THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION'S STANCE ON THE WH VISITOR LOG. The Trump administration announced on Friday that it would reverse that Obama-era policy on releasing White House visitor logs because of "grave national security and privacy concerns." These records will not be released until five years after the president's term ends pursuant to the Presidential Records Act, with some logs remaining secret for up to 12 years. Visitor logs of certain executive agencies, such as the OMB, might be obtained sooner through FOIA requests. Legal experts told ABC News that Trump's stated policy on visitor logs appears to follow both the law and settled practice prior to the Obama administration, ABC's LAUREN PEARLE reports. http://abcn.ws/2ojGmQo
IMMIGRATION-RELATED ARRESTS BY ICE INCREASE UNDER PRESIDENT TRUMP. Immigration-related arrests were up nearly 33 percent in the first months of Donald Trump's presidency compared to the same time period last year, according to new data released by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). ICE made 21,362 arrests from Jan. 20 through March 13 of this year, up from 16,104 arrests during the same window in 2016. Immigration arrests of non-criminals more than doubled since last year from 2,278 in 2016 to 5,441 this year. ABC's GENEVA SANDS has more: http://abcn.ws/2pbwP1V
US SUPREME COURT STOPS EXECUTION OF ARKANSAS DEATH ROW INMATE. The Supreme Court on Tuesday denied a request by the state of Arkansas to carry out the execution of a death row inmate who was scheduled to die before midnight. The court delivered its ruling early Tuesday morning denying a request to vacate a stay of execution for convicted murderer Don Davis, ABC's KARMA ALLEN reports. If carried out, the execution would have been the state's first in nearly 12 years. http://abcn.ws/2oHdsMX
WHAT'S AT STAKE IN NORTH KOREA? North Korea's failed missile test this weekend is just the latest in a string of tests by the country that has stoked fears around the world. There had been growing concern all week that Kim Jong-un's government would attempt some form of missile or nuclear test this weekend as it celebrated the 105th birthday of its late founder, Kim Il Sung. So while the missile test did not come as a grand surprise, it serves a reminder of the growing threat that North Korea poses to U.S. interests in East Asia and the possible threat that it could pose to the U.S. homeland in the not-too-distant future. ABC's PAUL BLAKE has what you need to know: http://abcn.ws/2nW0qMU
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT
TRUMP FAMILY HOSTS THEIR 1ST WHITE HOUSE EGG ROLL. Yesterday's annual White House Easter Egg Roll brought a day of celebration for a busy first family. President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump welcomed an estimated 21,000 guests for the 139th Easter Egg Roll. "We're going to come out and join you, enjoy your company for a roll -- a great Easter Egg Roll. I don't know if we're going to be successful...I've seen those kids, and they're highly, highly competitive," President Trump said. ABC's RILEY BEGGIN and VERONICA STRACQUALURSI have more: http://abcn.ws/2p9iEuu
MELANIA TRUMP INTRODUCES KIDS TO 'PARTY ANIMALS' AT EASTER EVENT. The Trump family's first year of hosting the annual White House Easter Egg Roll showcased first lady Melania Trump as storyteller. The first lady told the group of children that the book “Party Animals,” written in 2010 by Kathie Lee Gifford, “shows that we are all different, but we are all alike.” ABC's BRIAN CANOVA has more: http://abcn.ws/2pudK86
WHAT WE'RE READING
“IVANKA'S BIZ PROSPERS AS POLITICS MIXES WITH BUSINESS,” by The Associated Press' Erika Kinetz and Anne D'Innocenzio: “On April 6, Ivanka Trump's company won provisional approval from the Chinese government for three new trademarks, giving it monopoly rights to sell Ivanka brand jewelry, bags and spa services in the world's second-largest economy. That night, the first daughter and her husband, Jared Kushner, sat next to the president of China and his wife for a steak and Dover sole dinner at Mar-a-Lago.” http://abcn.ws/2nXSI4R
“TRUMP IS TARNISHING REPUBLICANS,” a USAToday Op-Ed by Jesse Ferguson: “For a political party that often seems to be Lost in Space, Republicans should be hearing “Danger, Will Robinson!” alarms. We need look no further than the special election in Kansas's Fourth Congressional District to see the warning signs: a Republican won by 7 points in a seat that Trump won by 27 points only six months ago. That's a 20-point swing.Trump pushes Republicans to walk the plank for him on issue after issue, from health care repeal to budget cuts and much more, even if it hurts his own voters. And he expects them to defend him in self-inflicted scandal after scandal — so much that they are coming dangerously close to being seen as accomplices in Trump's sustained effort to hide his tax returns and ties to Russia. If that happens, they can wave goodbye to their control of Congress.” http://usat.ly/2oR7b1s
IN THE NOTE'S INBOX -- On Tuesday, the progressive group Allied Progress will file suit in the U.S. District Court for the D.C. to obtain correspondence between the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and Senate offices regarding a Obama-era rule that protects prepaid credit card holders from predatory practices. The lawsuit follows yesterday's Atlanta Journal-Constitution story detailing the legislation Sen. David Perdue (R-GA) is fast-tracking that would benefit Netspend, a company whose PAC has given Perdue $17,500 in campaign donations since the 2014 election cycle.
WHO'S TWEETING?
@thehill: NEW REPORT: Clinton apologized to Obama after election loss http://hill.cm/VhzNSoN
@amychozick: "'Shattered' creates a picture of a shockingly inept campaign hobbled by hubris and unforced errors..." http://nyti.ms/2puPgyA
@JenniferJJacobs: Trump Organization's revenue likely to rise at slower rate during presidential term, Eric Trump told @PeterGrantwsj
@joshledermanAP: Breaking overnight: LONDON (AP) - British Prime Minister Theresa May announces she will seek early election on June 8
@spettypi: Trump: what am I going to do? Start a trade war with China while in the middle of him working on a bigger problem, frankly, w NK? @FoxNews
@juliehdavis: Fox intvw Q: Did we sabotage the N Korea strike? Trump: I don't want to comment on it
A senior Iranian military official stated that Iran will not allow any foreign states, especially the U.S., to visit the country's military centers.
"Both the great Iranian nation and the U.S. and the world should know that if there is only one demand in the whole world which will be rejected and if there is only one wish that will be taken to the grave, it is the Americans' demand to visit our military centers," Lieutenant Commander of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps (IRGC), Brigadier General Hossein Salami, said in a televised interview on Saturday.
Tears, protests as NRC pulls down structures over Lagos-Ibadan rail tracks
Protests have trailed the demolition of structures allegedly standing on the right of way of the Nigeria Railway Corporation (NRC) in many parts of Lagos State.
The NRC had on Friday commenced the demolition ahead of the commencement of the 155-kilometre Lagos-Ibadan standard gauge train project, which was recently launched by the vice president, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo.
Managing Director of the NRC, Fidet Okhiria, had at the weekend told newsmen that bulldozers would clear all “illegal” structures on the railway line, pointing out that property owners with valid documents would be compensated. He also said owners of the affected structures had been duly notified to pack their belongings.
Shortly after Okhiria made his intention known, the corporation swung into action clearing all structures blocking the rail line beginning from Yaba up to Surulere, Mushin, Oshodi, Ikeja, Iju-Ishaga, Agbado, among others.
As many Nigerians were celebrating Easter and the holidays, many structures were being pulled down on the rail line while several houses are currently marked for demolition with residents currently living in fear and anxiety.
No fewer than five churches, three mosques and two preparatory schools were reduced to rubbles in the demolition carried out by the NRC to clear the rail track for the Federal Government Railway Modernisation Project.
The demolition started around 8a.m. on Friday when many of the traders were yet to open for business. The operation was led by the chairman of NRC Committee for Removal of Illegal Structures, Mr. Anthony Ochuko Onyokoko. More than 2,000 shanties were demolished in the operation.
Some of the affected occupants and traders could not be consoled as they counted their losses. Mrs. Kabirat Adeniji, 48, who operated a wholesale liquor store rolled on the floor as her three shops were brought down. She said she had recently stocked her shops with goods worth N500,000.
Mrs. Adeniji, who said she rented the three shops 18 years ago, said: “These people (NRC officials) have finished me. There is nothing my children and I will eat again. As you can see, my source of livelihood has just been destroyed by the Railway Corporation. I don't know where to start again. As I am talking to you, I don't have anything again.”
However, residents and landlords are crying foul over the demolition, saying they were caught unawares as they were not adequately notified neither was any compensation paid to them.
Briefing newsmen yesterday, landlords and residents of Railway line in Mushin, off Olateju street, said the notice given to them was very short. Besides, there was no form of compensation paid to them, they claim.
Warning the Federal Government to thread softly with the demolition, spokesman of the Landlords' Association, Mr. Daniel O. Daniels, said they at first thought the demolition was a rumour until the NRC brought cranes to their area.
“We were caught unawares because the notice that we were given was too short. Nobody was prepared for it and so far no compensation has been made. Everything was just like a rumour. Then it came to pass and we were told that this is the first batch, that they are still coming for the second batch, which would affect the real houses in this area.
“The notice we were given is just too short. They came on Thursday and they started demolition on Friday, less than 24 hours,” he added.Chief Imam of Sadiku Oloro Central Mosque, already marked for demolition, said most of the landlords in the area are widows and pensioners who are already living from hand to mouth. He said pulling down their property would worsen their precarious situation.
Also speaking, Alhaji Abdullateef Adegboyega said he has been living in the area for the past 50 years. He pleaded with the NRC to settle them before embarking on any demolition. He said his building marked for demolition has valid documents.
This post was syndicated from Breaking News, Nigeria News and World News – The Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Parly orders probe into Magaya sponsorship
NewsDay
PARLIAMENT yesterday ordered that Prophetic Healing and Deliverance (PHD) Ministries leader, Walter Magaya be investigated to find out if his accommodation offer to the national football team, the Warriors, was not aimed at boosting his church …
and more »
Osinbajo, Obasanjo, Gowon, other ex-leaders sing for Nigeria (WATCH)
Vice President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo led former Nigerian leaders, Yakubu Gowon, Olusegun Obasanjo and Ernest Shonekan to sing a hymn for a greater, united and peaceful Nigeria in 2017. Other leaders in the video shared by the News Agency of Nigeria, include former deputies, Ebitu Ukiwe, Alex Ekwueme, Oladipo Diya. The ex-leaders sang to Isaac Watts' […]
This post Osinbajo, Obasanjo, Gowon, other ex-leaders sing for Nigeria (WATCH) appeared first on YNaija.
This post was syndicated from YNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis for 06/15/2017 – Bears Pushing for a Breakdown
Bitcoin price is starting to break below key support levels, signaling that bearish pressure is picking up.
The post Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis for 06/15/2017 – Bears Pushing for a Breakdown appeared first on NEWSBTC.
This post was syndicated from NEWSBTC. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
× Expand Downtown area of Ross Bridge
“It all started with somebody's vision of building a hotel near the rail lines,” said John Gunderson, president of Daniel Communities.
That's how many resort towns across the United States, such as Colorado Springs and Asheville, North Carolina, started, and that's how Ross Bridge was designed.
“What I was able to do was to go back to that whole fabric,” Gunderson said, mentioning that the development of the community was modeled off of the original American resort town blueprint that had been successful in other areas. He said that for a while, only the train station stood in Ross Bridge. The hotel within the community was built in 2003, and the roadways and houses soon followed suit.
“It's very different from your standard residential community,” Gunderson said.
Bob House, Hoover planning consultant, said the community includes a small village in the downtown area, but like the resort towns, the focus of the neighborhood is the large hotel as well as the Alabama retirement system's golf course.
Located southwest of Birmingham, the land originally belonged to the Ross family, who immigrated from Scotland, Gunderson said. The land was eventually acquired by U.S. Steel in the early 1900s and was annexed into Hoover in 2002.
Gunderson admitted that when Ross Bridge was annexed, it was not in the general path of expansion that Birmingham had seen in recent years. “It was a property that had historically been in an area of town that … had not been in the path of growth,” Gunderson said.
The success of the community was noticed in 2010, when it was named the Best Community in America by the National Association of Homebuilders. “Little old Birmingham was in competition with some of the greatest areas in the country,” Gunderson said. “That was really important for us as a broader community.”
Now, Ross Bridge has nearly achieved complete sell-out of the neighborhood with 2,200 homes and 200 more on the way.
“Obviously, today it's all about the families, the people who came here and believed in the story,” Gunderson said. “It far and away has surpassed anybody's wildest dreams with how successful it could be.”
Over the past 50-plus years, the Super Bowl has gone from being the most important football game to the most important night of television. Somewhere along the line, advertisers realized that paying astronomical rates for a 30-second ad wasn't enough. They realized they needed to make a statement.
Hundreds of ads have aired during the Super Bowl over the last half century, but only a select few have stood the test of time.
Mean Joe Greene, Coca-Cola (1979)
Here's the thing about old commercials — most of them don't hold up. They're either endorsing flashy “new” products that quickly fell out of fashion, or the “celebrities” chosen to pitch the product are now unrecognizable.
But when you find a Hall of Famer to endorse a product that's been a staple for generations, you get a commercial that still resonates almost 40 years later.
1984, Apple (1984)
Apple's 1984 Super Bowl commercial signaled a revolution in the personal computer industry while borrowing themes from George Orwell's dystopian novel, “1984.” But maybe the borrowed a bit too much from the novel. Though it never aired again after the Super Bowl, Apple received a cease and desist letter from the Orwell estate.
Great Lookin' Can, Pepsi (1992)
Before GoDaddy's raunchy ads with Danica Patrick, Pepsi went the “sex sells” route with model Cindy Crawford. Most underrated part of the commercial? How much Pepsi Crawford supposedly chugs in a single gulp.
The Showdown, McDonald's (1993)
You'd have to assume that a game of “HORSE” between two of the greatest basketball players of all time would take more than just a few minutes, which begs the question: Is a soggy Big Mac combo really worth fighting over? Still, it's not hard to imagine Jordan and Bird making every single one of those ridiculous baskets.
Also, you gotta love Jordan's Coogi sweater.
Cheatin' Heart, Pepsi (1996)
The security-cam angle, the ridiculous amount of cans that spill out of the cooler, the delivery man's reaction — all on top of maybe the best-picked song in the history of Super Bowl commercials. Bravo.
Whassup, Budweiser (2000)
Before there was "Dilly Dilly!" the was "Whazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzup!"
Replay, Budweiser (2003)
Usually, the Budweiser clydesdales are only used in commercials that tug at the heartstrings or invoke the history associated with the brand. But in 2004, the horses went a different route — they made us laugh.
However, the commercial poses an important question: Did the horse also have possession of the ball before stepping out of bounds?
Terry Tate, Office Linebacker; Reebok (2003)
Lester Speight may have looked the part as office linebacker Terry Tate, but he made more tackles in commercials than he ever did play pro football. After Speight graduated as an All-American linebacker from Morgan State in 1985, he signed a two-year deal with the USFL's Baltimore Stars. However, the league folded before Speight played a snap.
Jimi Hendrix, Pepsi (2004)
Though we're glad that Hendrix chose to take up guitar, it would be pretty funny to see him smash an accordion after a concert.
Playing like Betty White, Snickers (2010)
Though Betty White is the focus of this instant classic, you have to give it up to Abe Vigoda, who makes an appearance in the final seconds of the ad. Rest in peace, buddy.
Alex Hider is a writer for the E.W. Scripps National Desk. Follow him on Twitter @alexhider.
(AP Photo/Brian Skoloff, File). FILE - This April 2, 2017 file drone photo shows the U.S.-Mexico border fence on the outskirts of Nogales in southern Arizona. A U.S. border patrol agent is going on trial for second-degree murder in U.S. District Court ...
(AP Photo/Anita Snow). In this Dec. 4, 2017 photo, a slogan asking for justice for 16-year-old Mexican youth Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez, who was shot and killed on a street in Nogales, Sonora, Mexico, is displayed on the streets' border wall where he...
(AP Photo/Anita Snow). In this Dec. 4, 2017 photo, a portrait of 16-year-old Mexican youth Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez, who was shot and killed in Nogales, Sonora, Mexico, is displayed on the street where he was killed that runs parallel with the U.S....
(AP Photo/Brian Skoloff, File). FILE - This April 2, 2017 file photo made with a drone, shows the U.S. Mexico border fence as it cuts through the two downtowns of Nogales, Ariz. A U.S. border patrol agent is going on trial for second-degree murder in U...
By ANITA SNOW
Associated Press
PHOENIX (AP) - A U.S. border Patrol agent accused of shooting across the border into Mexico and killing a teenager five years ago will go on trial Tuesday on a charge of second-degree murder in a rare Justice Department prosecution of a fatal cross-border shooting.
The agent, Lonnie Swartz, is accused of killing 16-year-old Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez, who was on the street in Nogales, in the Mexican state of Sonora, just across the border from Nogales, Arizona. An autopsy showed the unarmed teen was hit 10 times, mostly from behind.
The trial in U.S. District Court in Tucson comes amid President Donald Trump's immigration crackdown and his pledge to build a "big, beautiful wall" along the 2,000-mile (3,200-kilometer) U.S.-Mexico boundary.
Swartz opened fire at about 11:30 p.m. on Oct. 10, 2012 through the metal poles of a 20-foot (6-meter) fence that sits on a 25-foot (about 7.6-meter) embankment above Mexico's Calle Internacional, a street lined with homes and small businesses.
The killing shocked the two communities of Nogales. About 20,000 people live on the Arizona side and about 300,000 live on the Mexico side, but the two communities linked by family members, trade and culture have long been referred to locally as "Ambos Nogales" - "Both Nogales" in Spanish.
Swartz's defense lawyers have said Elena Rodriguez threw rocks just before he was shot as an attempt to create a distraction for a drug smuggling attempt and that the officer was justified in using lethal force. They want jurors to visit the site at night to experience the area after dark.
Witnesses from the Mexico side of the border said they did not see the teen throw rocks and his relatives have denied he was helping drug smugglers, saying he was walking home after playing basketball.
The U.S. Attorney's Office has said it won't dispute that the boy was throwing rocks, but it's unknown if he had any link to drug smugglers and the point is irrelevant because an unreasonable amount of force was used.
Swartz pleaded not guilty after being indicted by a federal grand jury in 2015 and is currently on administrative leave and free on his own recognizance. The Border Patrol has not said if he is continuing to receive his salary.
Defense attorney Sean Chapman last week (March 15) declined to comment while the trial is ongoing and a spokesman for the agents' union, the National Border Patrol Council, did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
The case is expected to last more than a month and activists who support immigrants have said they will protest outside the court.
"For so long, prosecutors have been reluctant to charge Border Patrol agents with violent crimes," said John Fife, a retired Presbyterian minister who was active in the sanctuary movement that sheltered citizens of Central American countries who came to the U.S. in the 1980s fleeing civil war. "Now we will see if they can be held accountable."
The Border Patrol came under close scrutiny during the Obama administration for allegations of excessive use of force. Customs and Border Protection, its parent agency, reported 55 incidents in which employees used firearms from Oct. 1, 2011 to Sept. 30, 2012. The number of incidents fell to 17 for the period from Oct. 1, 2016 to Sept. 30, 2017.
Lee Gelernt, a New York-based lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union, said he believes Swartz will be the first border agent prosecuted by the Department of Justice in a fatal shooting across the international line.
Gelernt is handling a parallel civil case, now before the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco, which the teen's mother filed against Swartz seeking monetary damages.
The civil case argues that Elena Rodriguez was protected by U.S. constitutional guarantees for due process when he was shot dead in Mexico because the two communities of Nogales are part of a unique cross-border community.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Carlos Santana has angered the Beyhive.
The legendary guitarist seemingly dissed Beyonce in an interview with Australian media following the Grammys Sunday night when he said Beyonce was "very beautiful to look at" but "not a singer, singer."
Santana says he was only trying to congratulate Adele on her big win for Album of the Year when he made the statement.
In the interview, Santana told the Australian Associated Press, "I think that Adele won because she can sing sing...With all respect to our sister Beyonce, Beyonce is very beautiful to look at and it's more like modelling kind of music – music to model a dress – she's not a singer, singer, with all respect to her."
He added: Adele “doesn't bring all the dancers and props, she can just stand there and she just stood there and sang the song and that's it, and this is why she wins.”
That statement did not go over well with the Beyhive.
"The fact that Carlos Santana said those comments after he's performed on stage with Beyonce at halftime and witnessed her talent is baffling," said one Twitter user.
"Carlos Santana is TRASH about those @Beyonce comments! Especially since he's one (won) all his Grammys for someone else's vocals!" said another.
Carlos Santana is TRASH about those @Beyonce comments! Especially since he's won all his Grammys for someone else's vocals!🚮 — Dominick Deveraux (@Sir_Deveraux) February 15, 2017
Santana clarified his stance on Facebook Tuesday , writing that his “intent was to congratulate Adele” and that his comment about Beyonce “was regretfully taken out of context.” He adds that he has “the utmost respect” for Beyonce.
"She deserves all the accolades that come her way."
-With files for the Associated Press
Algal blooms are affected by things like temperature and nutrients introduced into the ocean from industrial and agricultural runoff. And as climate change ramps up, these blooms stand to get a lot bigger. Warmer temperatures will boost growth and likely push it farther north while more storms and heavier rainfall wash more of those nutrients -- like nitrogen -- into rivers and streams.
So far, the Marine Mammal Center in Sausalito, California has taken in 70 sea lions since the beginning of July. That's how many the center took in during the entirety of 2016. "August and September are peak times for us as well," said Field, so it's likely more animals will be affected. "[It's] more pronounced than we've seen in the past few years," a National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration spokesperson told the Associated Press. And the bad news isn't limited to sea lions. They eat a lot of the same seafood we do. "So if they are getting these seizures and these gastro issues, we can as well," Field said.
Given Giancarlo Stanton's recent home run binge, Derek Jeter may decide baseball's biggest contract is a bargain.
Stanton signed a record $325 million, 13-year deal in 2014 with the Miami Marlins, and they still owe him about $300 million — an eye-popping number even to a former All-Star shortstop for the New York Yankees.
Jeter's investment group agreed last week to buy the Marlins from Jeffrey Loria, and given the franchise's history of low revenue and attendance, there's already speculation the incoming regime may deem Stanton unaffordable.
But lately, he looks like a keeper at any price. Stanton's knack for moonshots has long made him the sport's most prodigious slugger, and now he's also the most prolific.
He began the week leading the majors with 42 home runs, including 21 in the past 33 games. He would finish the season with 71 homers if he continues his pace of the past five weeks.
"It has been amazing to watch," manager Don Mattingly said.
"You know you're watching something special," teammate Javy Guerra said. "It's very weird to see a guy come to the plate, and you think he could homer every time. It's a lot of fun to be a fan."
Stanton homered for the fourth game in a row Sunday against the Colorado Rockies to tie Gary Sheffield's franchise record for homers in a season, set in 1996. The home run was the 250th for Stanton in 3,407 at-bats, and by that measure, only four players reached the milestone faster — Harmon Killebrew, Ralph Kiner, Babe Ruth and Ryan Howard.
"Crazy," said Stanton, 27. "Those are guys you glorified and put on a pedestal as gods as a kid, and you're right there on the same plane as them now. So it's something special."
This year is special for Stanton because he has remained healthy, missing only two games. It's the first time since 2011 he has avoided an injury that sidelined him for a lengthy stint.
Worst was a season-ending beaning in September 2014. Stanton led the National League in home runs and RBIs when his face was fractured by a fastball from Mike Fiers of the Milwaukee Brewers.
The aftermath left Stanton prone to swings and misses on outside breaking pitches. But lately his timing has been excellent, and he began the week batting .281 with the lowest strikeout rate of his career.
He credits a new closed stance.
"I'm not pulling off the ball, and I've been more on time and ready to go on off-speed pitches, heaters, everything," he said. "I watched film over and over until my eyes hurt to figure it out.
"Every year I've had seven or eight different stances, and it's really because I haven't felt comfortable throughout a whole season to keep one. So it's a constant grind — how do I feel right every day? This was one I hadn't tried yet, and it has been pretty good."
Pretty good? The stance often leads to a home run trot accompanied by a grin. On Sunday, Stanton even threw in a quick dance step rounding third base.
"I think he likes hitting homers," Mattingly said with a chuckle. "He smiles a lot when he's hitting homers."
Stanton said he's having more fun than at any time in his career, even with his team out of the playoff race as usual. This will be the 14th consecutive season the Marlins have missed the postseason, and given their injury-ravaged pitching staff, Stanton harbors no illusions of a miracle run.
"We've got arms going down like flies," he said.
Marlins fans are counting on Jeter to change the team's fortunes. Stanton? He's already tired of questions about the new ownership, and about his future.
Team management expects to close on the $1.2 billion sale in early October, so it may be awhile before Jeter can provide any answers.
"It still has months to process," Stanton said with a sigh. "So we'll just wait it out."
He knows he'll be making $25 million next year somewhere.
———
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Duke is bringing in the top three best recruits in the country all at once, North Carolina already having three five-stars committed, and solid programs like Notre Dame and Syracuse are bringing five-star talents on their own. The ACC is proving to be, once again, one of the best and hardest college basketball conferences next year. With that in mind, where do the Demon Deacons stand with their next recruiting class?
After a trip to last year's March Madness, expectations were quite high for the Demon Deacons. Even with the departure of John Collins to the NBA, many thought this team could be playing at the NCAA tournament once again come March. However, this season has so far been unexpected even for some very pessimistic fans. In spite of the basketball team's performance this season, Wake Forest is bringing one of the best recruiting classes in school history and even looking to possibly add another piece before everything is said and done.
Currently, Wake Forest sits as the fourth-best incoming class in the ACC according to 247sports only behind Duke, North Carolina and Notre Dame. Wake Forest's class is composed of five-star recruit Jaylen Hoard, four-star recruits Isaiah Mucius and Jamie Lewis, and three-star Sharone Wright Jr. Hoard. Hoard leads the group ranking as the 28th-best recruit in the nation according to the 247sports composite rankings. Both 247sports and ESPN have Hoard rated as the sixth-best small forward in the nation. Hoard had offers from Kansas, Oklahoma State, Providence and Washington before committing to Wake Forest. Joining Hoard at the forward position is Isaiah Mucius who is rated as a four-star player offered by big programs like Xavier and UConn before committing to Wake last year. Both players are very versatile with similar frames and the ability to play both forward positions. It will be interesting to see how Danny Manning will build his lineup with them, but both are expected to be day-one big contributors.
Jamie Lewis is the most recent acquisition of the team at the guard position. Lewis was originally ranked as high as the 22nd-best recruit in the nation in 2016 according to 247sports, which earned him offers from Kansas, Florida, NC State and a few others, before injuries dropped him down in the rankings. Lewis has prototypical size for a guard standing at 6-3 and weighing 190. Lewis possesses great ball-handling skills and, when healthy, can be one of the best-scoring guards in the country. Rounding out the guard position, Hoard has great size at 6-5, one of the tallest guards Wake has had in recent history, which might come in handy to improve Wake Forest's porous perimeter defense.
With four commits for the 2018 class, Wake Forest is currently one scholarship above the limit for next season, which is generally not a big issue because of the imminent situation of a player turning professional earlier. However, what is interesting is that Danny Manning recently offered All-American and recent Auburn decommit E.J Montgomery, which would put Manning two scholarships above the limit. As of late, Wake Forest made the list of Montgomery's top 11 schools and the Power Forward is expected to cut the list down to five in the next few weeks.
The chances of Wake Forest landing Montgomery are small due to the interest of blue blood programs like Duke, North Carolina and Kentucky on the five-star. However, if Wake does make the final list or even get a commit from the skilled big, Danny Manning and his stuff would be getting a huge commitment and possibly their best recruit since Al-Farouq Aminu (ninth-overall recruit at the time).
Duke seems to be the front-runner for Montgomery so far, which is a scary proposition considering the amount of talent that Duke is already recruiting. Nonetheless, Montgomery's recruitment process is still fairly early, and a lot can happen before the next signing period. The Old Gold & Black will provide more information as Montgomery approaches his decision and the 2018 recruiting cycle reaches its climax.
‘Disease Control Centre removes Zamfara from CSM endemic list'
The National Center for Disease Control has removed Zamfara from its list of states prone to Cerebro Spinal Meningitis ( CSM ) outbreak, says the state Commissioner of Health, Alhaji Lawali Liman.
Liman made the disclosure on Tuesday while briefing a team of journalists on National Democracy Dividend Media Tour organized by the National Secretariat of the Nigeria Union of Journalists ( NUJ ).
He explained that the removal of Zamfara was a result of its sustained surveillance and case management of the disease.
“Out of the 147 wards, we only have challenges in seven wards at a time when some states of the federation are facing threats in all their wards,” he said.
The commissioner said that the state government recently renovated and equipped Primary Healthcare Center in each of the 147 wards to bring health care services closer to rural dwellers.
“Apart from the recent recruitment of 100 medical doctors and over 300 nurses and midwives, the state government is also working towards the establishment of referral hospitals in Talata-Mafara, Gummi and Kaura-Namoda,” he added.
Liman also explained that the government distributed HIV/AIDS kits to 90 health facilities across the state with a view to checking prevalence and avoiding spread.
He said that the effort has enabled the state retain its position of having the lowest cases of HIV/AIDS in the country.
Over 40 journalists drawn from various media houses, led by NUJ National President, Abdulwaheed Odusile, are on the tour.
NAN
The post ‘Disease Control Centre removes Zamfara from CSM endemic list' appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BALTIMORE– In a new report, the NAACP analyzes the impact of historical racism and segregation on Baltimore and releases its recommendations for eliminating the entrenched poverty existing in large swaths of the city.
On Tuesday, February 6, 2018 at 10a.m., the NAACP will host a press conference at its national headquarters in which the civil rights organization will announce details and findings from its Economic Inclusion Plan for the city of Baltimore. Derrick Johnson, NAACP President and CEO, Marvin J. Owens Jr., NAACP Senior Director of Economic Programs, and Edsel Brown, Economic Chair, NAACP Maryland State Conference will participate. For an embargoed copy of the report, contact Vanessa Mbonu at vmbonu@naacpnet.org.
The Baltimore report is one of three reports to be released on February 6 on cities that have faced social unrest in recent years due in part to community sense of economic exclusion. The other reports spotlight Charlotte, NC and St. Louis, MO.
“Baltimore, home to the NAACP headquarters, has long been riddled with economic inequality and civil unrest,” said Johnson. “These depictions only paint one side of the picture. On the other side is a veil of systematic racism and economic suppression that covers large areas of the city. With our Economic Inclusion Plan, we're providing federal, state and local government officials concrete recommendations on how to resolve issues pertaining to housing, jobs and education in these Black communities.”
The Economic Inclusion Plan (EIP) will be a resource for community residents, elected officials and stakeholders to alleviate systematic, government-sanctioned racial discrimination through beneficial economic policy and programmatic solutions. Releasing an EIP for the cities of Baltimore, MD, Charlotte, NC, and St. Louis, MO, the NAACP analyzed how these three cities – each marked by a history of police brutality and social unrest – fare in the face of the economic inequalities that afflict them.
“These economic inclusion plans provide in-depth research on the current economic conditions and the policies that foster these conditions, and then makes recommended policy changes necessary in these cities,” said Marvin J. Owens Jr., NAACP Senior Director of Economic Programs. “We are grateful for the leadership of our local chapters and state conferences who contributed to this important work, and we are faithful in the fight for economic justice.”
Stark economic contrasts, many of which the report shows emerged from racist policies that promoted and reinforced segregation and access to resources, continue to mark Baltimore as we move deeper in the 21st century. The Baltimore report found that unemployment rates for Blacks in Baltimore was 13.1% – almost quadruple that of the white unemployment rate of 3.4% in the city – and that less than 5 percent of the Black-owned businesses in the city have employees.
Currently, the median household income for whites is $35,000 more than that for Black households, and the Black poverty rate is more than double that of whites. Additionally African Americans' business ownership rate of 22 percent compared to 70 percent for whites.
This inequity prompted an earlier town hall meeting designed to generate public feedback for these reports.
“We were enthused to host the Baltimore Town Hall back in November and listen to the concerns of the citizenry. We now look forward to utilizing these strategies for economic inclusion in our work with the community to truly make a difference,” said Edsel Brown, Economic Chair, and NAACP Maryland State Conference.
Recommendations for Baltimore include comprehensive plans for addressing concentrated poverty and racial isolation, support for transferring vacant lands to community land trusts and training residents on the business of vacant home renovations, as well as a government backed crackdown on the discriminatory and predatory lending practices that deter opportunities for minority home ownership.
The NAACP's development of the EIPs is part of the NAACP's commitment to enhancing the capacity of African Americans and other underserved groups.
ABOUT THE NAACP:
Founded in 1909, the NAACP is the nation's oldest and largest nonpartisan civil rights organization. Its members throughout the United States and the world are the premier advocates for civil rights in their communities. You can read more about the NAACP's work and our six “Game Changer” issue areas by visiting NAACP.org.
Watch a Nigerian girl's hilarious 2017 prayer for single girls
As shared by Donjazzy. Watch after the cut…
This post was syndicated from Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A Waukesha County judge has approved a plea deal for a girl who stabbed her former sixth grade classmate and left her to die. Judge Michael O'Bohren on Thursday accepted 15-year-old Morgan Geyser's guilty plea to a charge of attempted first-degree intentional homicide, after she tearfully described the 2014 attack in court. Geyser recounted how […]
Source: WRN.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Sun Trust Bank denies withholding salaries of lawmakers' aides
A lawmaker's aide died due to inability to pay for surgery.
The post Sun Trust Bank denies withholding salaries of lawmakers' aides appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Simple phone repairs, like a battery or a screen unit, are easier than people think. Thanks to guides like iFixit and the magic of eBay, information and spare parts are cheap and plentiful, and arguably more convenient than fighting your way to the Genius Bar.
But building an entire phone out of replacement parts? That's a much harder task, especially when you're working in Shenzen and barely speak the local language.
Don't Miss: Court forces PornHub to reveal names and viewing histories of some users
The YouTube channel Spare Parts set out to see how possible it is for a layman to build an iPhone out of bits. Our electronics hero is based out of Shenzen, which is the Chinese city famous for its role in the phone business. It's where all the assembly plants are located, including Apple's manufacturing partner Foxconn. The markets there are notoriously awash with electronics components of every kind, so it's a good place to get parts.
But actually finding those parts when you're a foreigner with limited language skills is a whole other ball game. If the video teaches you anything, it's probably that assembling the phone is the easy part: it's trying to find the right shops for each part that's hard.
How many individual components you buy also depends on your expertise and access to tools. I've replaced the entire screen of an iPhone before, but the repair shop used in the video actually made the entire screen unit from scratch, starting with the glass and using specialized tools to attach each layer.
Trending right now:
See the original version of this article on BGR.com
Jennifer Elizabeth Koslowski, 37, passed away on Thursday, February 9, 2017, at Saint Vincent Health Care in Billings, Montana.
She was born December 27, 1979, in Rock Springs, Wyoming. At the age of three, she moved with her mother and brother. She lived in California, Colorado, Washington and Oregon.
Because of her health, she moved back to Rock Springs in 2012 to be with her father and her family.
Jennifer's greatest wish in life was to be loved and to reunite with her children, Jade and Kameron whom she cared for dearly. She loved to be with friends and family; enjoyed trips to Washington, Utah to see her grampa, grandma, aunt, uncle and cousins. She loved taking rides into the Wyoming wilderness with her dad; her therapy dog Zoey and music.
Survivors include her father Brad Marchetti of Rock Springs; her mother Petty Stuckey and husband Dan of Tualitin, Oregon, her daughter Jade McShane of Portland Oregon; her son Kameron Koslowski of West Linn, Oregon; brother Jesse Marchetti of Tualatin, Oregon; nephew Hunter Marchetti of Tualatin; grandfather Fred Marchetti of Washington, Utah,, and Louis Murillo of El Paso Texas; uncles Fred Marchetti and Dennis Marchetti; aunt Shauna Marchetti and Aunt Merci; numerous cousins; and special friends Sandy, Sam, Chad and Jason.
She was preceded in death by her grandmother's Betty Marchetti and Lois Murillo; two grand mothers; and two grandfathers.
Cremation has taken place and a celebration of her life will take place at 11:00 A.M. Saturday, June 24, 2017 at the Vase Funeral Chapel, 154 Elk Street, Rock Springs, Wyoming.
Condolences may be left at http://www.vasefuneralhomes.com/
TORONTO — The energy sector helped lift Canada's main stock index in late-morning trading, while the loonie flew higher after the latest rate announcement by the Bank of Canada.
The Canadian central bank kept its key interest rate on hold at 1.25 per cent, but its comments increased market expectations that it would raise the rate in July. The Canadian dollar was trading at 77.66 cents US, up from an average value of 76.92 cents US on Tuesday.
The S&P/TSX composite index was up 51.68 points to 15,974.29, after 90 minutes of trading.
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 187.29 points to 24,548.74. The S&P 500 index was up 24.66 points to 2,714.52 and the Nasdaq composite index was up 60.18 points to 7,456.77.
CRMs are a useful tool for businesses but many entrepreneurs have not implemented one yet. They consider it to be too much of a burden and can't afford to spend a great deal of time and resources on it. But in this way, they prevent themselves from capitalizing upon the benefits of a CRM and growing their business.
CRMs are not an option but a necessity today. If you plan to invest in a CRM for your business, you will be overwhelmed by all of the different options available in the market. However, this can be tackled if only you know whether you want an enterprise CRM or a small business CRM. This will help you narrow down the options so that you can make a wise decision.
Entrepreneurs who complain of CRMs being too complex or inefficient don't realize that these problems crop up, only, because they don't choose the right CRM for their business.
CRMs aren't magic bullets that shower you with a cluster of benefits right from implementation. It needs to get seamlessly integrated with the sales, marketing, and customer support processes to start streamlining them. And this can only happen when the right CRM is chosen for the business.
As an entrepreneur, you need to be 100% sure that your chosen CRM aligns seamlessly with your business process. For instance, if you are a small business owner, you may not need the breadth or complexity of an enterprise CRM tool. Similarly, if you own an enterprise, you cannot expect to fulfill all your business needs from a small business CRM solution.
Here are some of the differences between large-scale CRM solutions and CRMs for small to medium businesses that you should be aware of. These will help to determine which option would be effective for your company.
Enterprise CRMs
As evident from the name, these are designed for large-scale organizations and include a plethora of features. Many enterprise CRM solutions integrate customer-facing activities spanning multiple departments and offer strong automation and customization functionalities. However, focused on solving the complexities of big companies, they're often complicated and more expensive versions of the standard CRM software. This is the reason enterprise CRMs demand a great deal of time and resources in implementation and maintenance. However, once setup, they are incredibly powerful and empower enterprises with their advanced features.
Small Business CRMs
Small business CRMs offer a unidimensional functionality to manage the flow between sales, marketing, and customer support processes. They work as centralized customer data repositories, which can be collectively and collaboratively used by sales, marketing, and support agents. This unifies the whole business into one combined unit and breaks down the concept of watertight departments.
By looking into the CRM, agents get a 360-degree view of customers and identify their position in the sales cycle. They acquire all information pertaining to the lead or contact from the CRM which enables them to understand the context of the conversation, provide a personalized approach and deliver a great customer experience at all stages of the customer lifecycle.
Sales agents benefit the most from small business CRM solutions as they convert the wealth of information and powerful insights into actionable business intelligence and use it to nurture leads and close deals faster.
Small business CRMs are typically less expensive than enterprise CRMs. They are easier to learn and use because unlike their counterparts, they are not stuffed with unnecessary bells and whistles. As a consequence of which, user adoption of small business CRMs is always high, even if they are lacking in some of the more advanced features.
Final Thoughts
Small businesses have fewer employees and a singular flow between departments. A simple CRM solution with basic functionalities works perfectly for this and this is precisely what small business CRMs offer.
Large corporations have a network of departments, maze of customer interactions and more than one channel to generate revenue. A simple CRM is too basic for them. They require enterprise versions of CRM software to simplify the complexity of their processes.
To find out whether you need an enterprise CRM or a small business CRM, analyze your business operations and have a clear set of strategies. Identify the features required in the software which will tell you the type of CRM you should look for.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — Australia's prime minister says he is disappointed that excerpts of an off-the-record speech he gave at Parliament House parodying President Donald Trump have been broadcast by a television network.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull made fun of Trump and the Australian government's dismal opinion polls during a lighthearted speech on Wednesday at a ball hosted by the Federal Parliamentary Press Gallery.
Turnbull's first telephone conversation with Trump in January over a refugee resettlement deal was, in Trump's words, "testy." But the two leaders made a public show of friendship when they met for the first time in May.
While Turnbull is rarely critical of Trump in public, he mocked the president off-the-record.
Turnbull was apparently recorded on a phone and broadcast by the Nine Network on Thursday.
Israeli author David Grossman's latest work, "A Horse Walks Into a Bar," won the Man Booker International Prize, the foundation that awards the literary honor announced on Wednesday.
The £50,000 award, which recognizes fiction from around the world that is translated into English, will be split between Grossman and Jessica Cohen, who translated the book. Cohen announced that she intends to donate half of her winnings to the organization B'Tselem.
Grossman is the first Israeli to win the prize, one of the most important annual literary awards. This year, two Israelis were among the 13 authors who made the long list for the prize. Amos Oz was nominated for “Judas,” translated by Nicholas de Lange, his first novel in a decade.
skip - Grossman
Grossman's book, about a not-so-amusing stand-up artist straining to keep up, is “an unsettling, cathartic, confessional stream-of-consciousness soliloquy,” Haaretz's reviewer wrote.
>> Read the full review here >>
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close
"A Horse Walks into a Bar" was released in Hebrew in 2014 and has since been translated into 22 languages.
Grossman began his acceptance speech, saying, "Two members of the short list are from Israel. It's a great sign of honor to our language ... since it was a dormant language for something like 1800 years. It is such a phenomenon that in the last 120 years the Hebrew language has been revitalized, awakened from its long sleep and became a language of every dayness. When my two young granddaughters play with eachother in Hebrew, they don't even know this is some kind of miracle. Today we have such flourishing and wonderful literature."
skip - Grossman praise
Nick Barley, the chair of the Man Booker Prize's 2017 judging panel, said the book "shines a spotlight on the effects of grief, without any hint of sentimentality.
"We were bowled over by Grossman's willingness to take emotional as well as stylistic risks: every sentence counts, every word matters in this supreme example of the writer's craft," Barley commented.
The 2016 winner was "The Vegetarian" by Han Kang, translated from Korean by Deborah Smith.
WASHINGTON — The Renewable Fuels Association (RFA), National Corn Growers Association, American Coalition for Ethanol (ACE) and National Farmers Union (NFU), with support of Farmers Union Enterprises, have filed suit in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit to challenge several waivers from the Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS) that the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency reportedly granted in secret to profitable refining companies.
The decisions
The petitioners are challenging three EPA decisions to exempt refineries in Wynnewood, Oklahoma; Cheyenne, Wyoming; and Woods Cross, Utah from the RFS requirements of the Clean Air Act.
The Wynnewood refinery is owned by Wynnewood Refining Co., a subsidiary of CVR Energy, and the Cheyenne and Woods Cross refineries are owned by Holly Frontier Corporation.
The companies have since estimated in financial disclosures that the exemptions have saved them a collective $170 million in compliance costs.
When Congress enacted the RFS program a decade ago, it sought to protect certain small refineries from the law's impacts temporarily by providing an exemption for refineries with no more than 75,000 barrels per day (bpd) of crude oil throughput.
After a two-year blanket exemption expired, Congress also allowed those same refineries to ask for extensions of the temporary exemption if they could show that compliance with the RFS program was causing that particular facility a “disproportionate economic hardship.”
Until late last year, EPA only granted a handful of exemptions per year. EPA denied many extension requests, presumably because the refineries failed to meet one or more of these requirements for an extension.
More exemptions
In recent months, EPA has granted over two dozen exemptions — without providing any basis for its reversal, according to farm groups.
“EPA is trying to undermine the RFS program under the cover of night,” said Bob Dinneen, CEO and president of RFA. “And there's a reason it has been done in secret — it's because EPA is acting in contravention of the statute and its own regulations, methodically destroying the demand for renewable fuels,” continued Dinneen.
“With the little information we've been able to piece together through secondary sources, it's clear that EPA has been extending these exemptions to refineries that didn't qualify for them.”
Although EPA typically publishes its proposed actions and final decisions in the Federal Register, EPA has not followed those protocols for small refineries; nor has EPA even informed the public by any means that it had received or acted on such carve-out requests.
Instead, the petitioners learned of the unprecedented number of exemptions second-hand, through media reports and secondary sources.
“EPA left us with no choice but to challenge their systematic cuts to ethanol blending in the U.S. by distorting the intent of the law to grant secret hardship waivers to refineries which in some cases exceed the definition of ‘small' and fall short of demonstrating ‘disproportionate economic hardship,'” said Brian Jennings, CEO of ACE.
Improper handling
“EPA's improper handling of the RFS has significantly cut demand for biofuels grown and produced by American family farmers and their communities,” according to Roger Johnson, president of NFU. “The success of the law lies in the requirement that certain amounts of renewable fuel be blended into our transportation sector. Yet EPA has unlawfully allowed massive refineries to skirt compliance with these requirements, effectively reducing the amount of renewable fuels blended into the transportation sector by more than one billion gallons.”
The petitioners say they are not challenging EPA's underlying authority to exempt certain small refineries. Instead, they say they are challenging three granted exemptions as abuses of EPA's authority.
The attorney for a teenage driver accused of causing a fatal crash while livestreaming on Instagram says a mechanical problem may have caused the accident in Central California.Ramnik Samrao, the court-appointed lawyer for Obdulia Sanchez, told a judge that he has reason to believe wear and tear on a tire caused it to blow.Sanchez was driving a car that veered onto the shoulder on the outskirts of Los Banos in central California on July 21. Authorities said she overcorrected, causing the vehicle to swerve and overturn into a field, ejecting and killing her 14-year-old sister, Jacqueline.Prosecutors said Sanchez was live-streaming on Instagram while driving and that the video, which includes images of the 18-year-old taking her hands from the steering wheel, will be a key piece of evidence in the case.Sanchez also recorded herself standing over her sister's body, saying she was sorry."This is the last thing I wanted to happen, OK? ... Rest in peace, sweetie," the teen says. "If you don't survive, I'm so (expletive) sorry."Police said medical records from the hospital where the teen was treated show she was legally drunk.
Turkey sees IS link to Istanbul attack
Turkish authorities believe the attacker who killed 39 people at an Istanbul nightclub over the New Year is linked to Islamic State (IS) jihadists and may be from Central Asia, the Hurriyet daily said.
Hurriyet said Turkish police and intelligence had received information over the risk of a New Year's attack by IS in several Turkish cities and had carried out raids and arrests throughout December in response.
Without citing sources, it said that the attacker — who is still on the run — is believed to be linked to IS and may have been from Kyrgyzstan or Uzbekistan.
Investigators also consider it possible that the attacker is linked to the same cell that in June carried out a triple suicide bombing and gun attack at Istanbul's Ataturk airport blamed on IS that left 47 dead, it added.
In a separate article also in Hurriyet, columnist Abdulkadir Selvi wrote that Turkey received intelligence from the United States on December 30 warning of the risk of attacks by IS in Istanbul and Ankara on New Year's night.
However the intelligence did not specify the location of where such an attack could take place, the article added.
Turkish authorities have so far not said who was behind the attack on the Reina nightclub just after New Year struck.
But they have launched a massive manhunt for the attacker, who is believed to have slipped away after changing his clothes.
The attack came as the Turkish army wages a four-month incursion in Syria to oust IS jihadists and Kurdish militants from the border area, suffering increasing casualties.
Istanbul, Ankara and other Turkish cities were hit by a string of attacks in 2016 blamed on Kurdish militants and jihadists that left hundreds dead.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Cheeko is a very friendly 7-year-old male cat who loves to be brushed. He is neutered, negative for disease, vaccinated and microchipped.
His adoption fee is $15 to qualified applicants.
Visit Cheeko and the other animals available for adoption at the Stratford Animal Control, 225 Beacon Point Road.
Please consider making a tax deductible donation of limited ingredient pet food, kitten food, clumping cat litter or gift cards to pet supply stores.
For hours and more information visit stratfordanimalrescue.org/hours.html.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — For the third time, Tom Brady is the NFL‘s Most Valuable Player.
Now he goes for his sixth Super Bowl title, and perhaps with it a fifth MVP trophy for the NFL championship.
Brady added The Associated Press 2017 NFL MVP award Saturday night at NFL Honors to his wins in 2007 and 2010. The New England Patriots quarterback was joined as an honoree by three Los Angeles Rams: Coach of the Year Sean McVay, Offensive Player of the Year running back Todd Gurley and Defensive Player of the Year tackle Aaron Donald.
Other winners in voting by a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league were Los Angeles Chargers receiver Keenan Allen as Comeback Player; New Orleans running back Alvin Kamara and cornerback Marshon Lattimore as top offensive and defensive rookies, respectively; and former Minnesota Vikings offensive coordinator Pat Shurmur, now head coach of the New York Giants, as Assistant Coach of the Year.
Brady is the second the player in the four major professional sports to win MVP at age 40; Barry Bonds won baseball's award in 2004.
Wide receiver Julian Edelman, who missed the entire season with a knee injury, accepted for Brady.
“Thanks, thanks. Wait up. I literally just found out I was doing this like 20 minutes ago. So, I've got to read the text,” Edelman said.
“No, but I'm joking. But serious, Tom said he wanted to say he's very honored and humbled that he gets this award for MVP. Also, he wanted to thank his teammates, his friends, his family and the Patriots organization for going out and doing what they do.”
Brady competed 385 of 581 passes (66.2 percent) for 4,577 yards and 32 touchdowns with eight interceptions as New England went 13-3 for the AFC's best record. At an age when many QBs are deep into retirement, Brady is throwing deep — and short — as well as ever.
Donald was the first pure defensive tackle to win the award since Warren Sapp in 1999. He said it means “everything. That's one of the best to ever do it. So, even for my name to be next to that guy's name is beyond a blessing. This is what you dream about as a kid, dreaming about playing in the NFL to have success like this, to be able to (play good enough) to win this trophy.”
Gurley's sensational turnaround season in which he ran for 13 touchdowns and caught six TD passes sparked an equally impressive reversal of fortunes by his team, which won the NFC West at 11-5.
“The Saints got the rookies and we took home the offensive and defensive” player awards,” Gurley noted. “It just tells you the type of players we have on the team. We all help each other out, absolutely. We have some talent, but we're nothing without the whole nine yards and everybody together. And we also have a coach who's up for Coach of the Year.”
A little while later, McVay was handed the coaching award.
In his first season running a team and as the youngest head coach in NFL history, McVay led the Rams to a seven-game improvement. McVay, who turned 32 on Jan. 24, ran away with the voting with 35 votes to 11 for Minnesota's Mike Zimmer.
“What it means is we had a good season that I think we can build on,” McVay said. “But you have to earn it every single day. It's a very humbling league.”
The Rams' hat trick of awards was not unprecedented. In 2003, Baltimore's Ray Lewis was top defensive player, Jamal Lewis won the best offensive player, and Terrell Suggs was Defensive Rookie of the Year. And in 1999, the St. Louis Rams had three award winners: Kurt Warner (MVP), Marshall Faulk (Offensive Player) and Dick Vermeil (Coach).
New Orleans' sweep of the rookie awards was the first since 1967, when Detroit running back Mel Farr and cornerback Lem Barney were honored. That was the first season for the top defensive rookie award.
“You get caught up in the season, you don't really get time to pat yourself on the back,” Kamara said. “But when the season is over you realize what you've done. I've kind of had to time to look back and say, I made some history this season.”
Kamara shared duties with veteran Mark Ingram as the Saints won the NFC South. He rushed for 728 yards with a 6.1-yard average, and scored eight times. He also caught 81 passes for 826 yards, with five touchdowns.
The 11th overall draft pick and first from his position selected, Lattimore was a shutdown defender as the Saints went 11-5. He had five interceptions and 18 passes defensed in 13 games, was a sure tackler and, by midseason, was someone opposing quarterbacks tended to avoid. He missed three games, one because of a concussion and two with an ankle injury.
Allen returned from two devastating injuries to win the comeback honor. Allen missed half of the 2015 season with a kidney issue, then was lost in the 2016 season opener with a torn right ACL. There were questions if Allen would ever player at a high level again.
He answered those emphatically this season with the best year of his career. Allen caught 102 passes for 1,393 yards and six touchdowns. He was targeted 159 times, nearly 10 per game.
The awards were announced Saturday night at NFL Honors, when Houston Texans defensive end J.J. Watt received the league's Walter Payton Award as man of the year. Watt, in his seventh NFL season and a three-time Defensive Player of the Year, had the goal of raising $200,000 for Hurricane Harvey relief in Houston. His fundraising did a whole lot more, bringing in an incredible $37 million in 19 days.
“I've been fortunate to be on this stage and to win Defensive Player of the Year awards, but everything that you do on the field pales in comparison to what you do off the field,” Watt said. “And at the end of my life, if I'm remembered as a football player and a good football player and that's all I'm remembered for, then I did a poor job in my life. When I go to my grave I want to be remembered as a guy who helped people out and who tried to do as much as he could off the field to be the best man he could be. I'm trying to make my family proud and my fans proud, and go out there and just be the best person I can be and leave the world a little bit better.”
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Microsoft is constantly tinkering with Windows 10, dropping in new features and swapping out old ones, but there are a few annoyances it seems unable or unwilling to fix.
What ties most of the following complaints together is Microsoft's reluctance to let users choose for themselves, preferring instead to try to coerce users and control how they use their computer.
Here are the five ways Windows 10 is broken that Microsoft needs to sort out.
1. Sort out the Control Panel / Settings app confusion
Windows 10 adopts a rather confused approach to managing settings—splitting the options between the legacy Control Panel and the Settings app.
Microsoft appears to be in the process of gradually migrating these options to the new Settings app, with each big feature update further diminishing the role of the Control Panel.
However, having to juggle between the two menus is not particularly user friendly, and the changes in where settings lie is particularly aggravating for some users, as can be seen by the large number of forum posts this issue generates.
You can use the Search function to locate the Settings you need, but there are still clearly a large number of users who still struggle to locate what they're looking for.
2. Give all users control over updates
All Windows 10 users should be given control over when updates are applied.
Currently there is no simple option for Windows 10 Home users to defer updates in the same way there is for users of Windows 10 Pro and Enterprise editions.
SEE: Windows 10: Streamline your work with these power tips (free TechRepublic PDF)
Users of non-Home editions can toggle options in menus to put off updates for months at the very least. However, Home users have to engage in hacky workarounds, such as setting their connection to 'Metered', which can have unwanted side effects due to Windows no longer downloading most Windows updates or Windows Store app updates.
Microsoft should just relent and give the Home edition the same level of control over updates as is available to Pro users.
3. Allow users to opt out of feature updates altogether
Not everyone appreciates Microsoft's twice-yearly feature updates messing with their desktop, and, for some, the smattering of new features are, at best, unnecessary.
Microsoft should give all users the option to completely opt out of feature updates—the most recent being the Windows 10 Fall Creators Update— and instead only receive essential patches and fixes.
As it is, users of Pro and Enterprise can defer feature updates for more than a year, so why not go one step further and let everyone opt out altogether.
Does it really make sense for people who don't have the slightest interest in virtual reality to suddenly find their computer has a Mixed Reality Portal?
There's even already precedent for the change, with Microsoft recently revealing that PCs with unsupported Intel Atom CPUs would not receive any feature updates post last summer's Anniversary Update.
4. Stop trying to force Bing and the Edge browser on users
While makes sense for Microsoft to build an ecosystem of linked services, from both a practical and commercial point of view, it would be nice if Microsoft let users choose their sniearch engine when using Windows built-in search feature.
Microsoft says that locking the Search function to Bing and its Edge browser is necessary to ensure the best possible experience for Windows 10 users.
But given the relatively limited market share of Bing and Edge, it's clear that many users prefer competing products and services, so again it would be good if Microsoft would allow users to use their search engine or browser of choice.
5. Stop pushing the Microsoft Store so hard until it's better stocked
Microsoft is determined to get more people to use the Microsoft Store, whether by locking Windows 10 S to using Store apps, or by releasing Store exclusives.
However, despite launching in 2012, the Store's selection of apps is still fairly lacklustre, especially compared to the unfettered selection of software available for the Window desktop.
Microsoft faces a classic chicken and egg problem: without the userbase, it won't get the apps, but without the apps, you can't attract the userbase.
Trying to forcibly create an audience by creating an OS locked to the store isn't the answer, however, all it does is highlight just how sparse the offerings in the Microsoft Store are.
Be your company's Microsoft insider with the help of these Windows and Office tutorials and our experts' analyses of Microsoft's enterprise products. Subscribe to our Microsoft Weekly newsletter. Subscribe
More on Windows 10 Fall Creators Update
(Texas Department of Criminal Justice via AP). This undated photo provided by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice shows Erick Davila. Attorneys for the Texas death row inmate want the U.S. Supreme Court to halt his scheduled execution this week fo...
By MICHAEL GRACZYK
Associated Press
HUNTSVILLE, Texas (AP) - Attorneys for a Texas inmate want the U.S. Supreme Court to halt his scheduled execution for the shooting deaths of a 5-year-old girl and her grandmother during a birthday party 10 years ago outside a Fort Worth apartment.
Former Fort Worth street gang member Erick Davila is set for lethal injection Wednesday evening.
Lawyers for the 31-year-old Davila argue it's improper for the elected Tarrant County district attorney to be involved in the case because she was the judge at Davila's 2009 trial. They also contend evidence that Davila may have been high on drugs at the time of the shooting improperly was withheld from defense attorneys.
State lawyers are contesting the arguments.
Davila was convicted of killing Queshawn Stevenson and her 48-year-old grandmother, Annette Stevenson.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
German Finance Watchdog Shutters OneCoin Payment Processor
Germany's top finance regulator has moved to shut down a payment processor tied to the OneCoin cryptocurrency scheme.
Source
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Neck die and collet die As I was resizing my STW brass with the Innovative Technologies belted magnum collet die last night I got to wondering why I couldn't just use a neck sizer die instead of the full length die. Then I would use the collet die every other loading or whenever needed.
Any reason this isn't advisable? I'm hoping to work my brass as little as possible since it's so hard to come by and expensive.
How should educators confront bigotry, racism and white supremacy? The incidents in Charlottesville, Va., this past weekend pushed that question from history to current events.
One teacher wondering aloud about his role is Derek Weimer. He taught James Alex Fields Jr., the man charged with murdering a woman and injuring multiple others by driving his car into a crowd of anti-racist marchers this weekend.
Weimer says he taught Fields in three classes at Cooper High School in Union, Ky. As NPR reported, he told member station WVXU reporter Bill Rinehart:
Weimer says Fields was intelligent and didn't cause trouble. But he says the quiet boy was also deeply into Adolf Hitler and white supremacy. Weimer says he did his best to steer Fields away from those interests and thought he had succeeded in doing so. On hearing about the incident in Charlottesville, Weimer said he felt that he failed as a teacher.
For 40 years, the nonprofit Facing History and Ourselves has been training teachers to confront racism and bigotry. By studying the moral decisions facing people at historical moments, from Reconstruction to Kristallnacht to the civil rights era, they hope "to empower students to work against bigotry and injustice or improper uses of power," says Roger Brooks, president and CEO. "We sum everything up by saying people make choices and choices make history."
Studies show that the curriculum produces academic, social and emotional gains in students. A time like this, says Brooks, is the ultimate teachable moment:
"There's a whole lot teachers can slow down and unpack with their students rather than get completely caught up in the emotion of the moment."
Indeed, just hours after the attack, teachers were sharing resources online, and we heard from more after reaching out in our newsletter. Here are some resources and ideas for the fast-approaching school year.
Just starting out
More than 80 percent of public school teachers are white, while half of all students are people of color. Some teachers may never have directly talked about race or racism, particularly with younger children. Brooks suggests they start by making an "identity chart". This is a way to find commonalities as well as celebrate differences.
Diverse books: Some teachers will introduce topics of racism, civil rights and diversity, especially to younger students, through books. Here is a curated list of 50 social justice books from the nonprofit Teaching for Change. Here is a second, broken down by grade level, by The National Network of State Teachers of the Year.
Teaching Tolerance has lesson plans for students as young as kindergarten that cover bias and social justice.
Historical background
The Graduate Student Coalition for Liberation at The University of Virginia in Charlottesville published a syllabus on Medium that includes primary and secondary historical resources on the local history of segregationism, as well as the urban renewal that displaced African-Americans in the city. There is also background on the dispute over the statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee that was the focal point of the rally this past weekend.
Facing History and Ourselves is an evidence-based social studies curriculum for middle and high school students that grounds discussions of racism and prejudice in students' own moral dilemmas.
American Federation for Teachers president, Randi Weingarten, shared some collections of lesson plans from AFT's Share My Lesson platform: on racial profiling and stereotyping, on civil rights and social justice, on bullying and helping children cope with traumatic events.
Ripped from the headlines
The Atlantic contributing writer Melinda Anderson created the hashtag #CharlottesvilleCurriculum on Twitter to serve as an ongoing list of resources to teach responsively to current events. Sources highlighted include the Equal Justice Initiative and the Citizenship and Social Justice Curriculum.
To help make sense of the news, the Critical Media Project of the University of Southern California offers lesson plans and resources for talking about media literacy as it relates to race, ethnicity and identity.
If you have more to add, we'd love to hear from you @npr_ed on Twitter.
Whether or not Congress actually follows through, the president's warning left the impression of a superpower threatening to pick up its marbles and go home, they said. And they said it may only succeed in stoking resentment abroad and diminishing American influence in the world.
Carl Bildt, the former Swedish prime minister and foreign minister, said damage has already been done.
Photo
“Everyone knows the money serves U.S. interests, which is also true of European money,” he said. “But this feels ugly. And this is in the State of the Union, so it has gone through a policy process, so it matters more. There's a difference between the Twitter and the Teleprompter version of Trump policy.”
In any case, only about 1 percent of the United States federal budget goes to foreign aid — and about 40 percent of that is considered security assistance, rather than economic or humanitarian aid.
Americans nonetheless remain convinced that the country spends far more. In a 2015 study by the Kaiser Family Foundation, the average respondent thought that 26 percent of the federal budget went to foreign aid. More than half the respondents thought the United States was spending too much on foreign aid.
Even if the amounts of American aid are relatively small, the payoff can be substantial in leverage for the United States, in enhancing its image and promoting its values, others noted. That is changing.
Mr. Trump, in his speech, referred to the many countries that voted disapproval of his decision to eventually move the American Embassy in Israel to disputed Jerusalem.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
On Thursday, his ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki R. Haley, told Republican legislators that she was “taking names'' at the body, adding: “I can't tell you how helpful it is to have a Congress that backs us up. When y'all play the heavy, it makes it so much easier for me to play the bad cop with a smile.”
Beyond retribution, however, Mr. Trump has also made a theme of “America First,” proclaiming his dislike of programs like democracy promotion and generic humanitarian aid.
Photo
“I'm sure Trump thinks it's different, but in practical terms the U.S. has always been giving aid based on U.S. interests and needs,” said Xenia Wickett, a former United States official who runs the Americas program at Chatham House, the foreign affairs research institution.
“What's changing is the view of American soft power,” she added. “With Jerusalem and the State of the Union, there is a view that America is no longer doing the right thing and no longer for the right reasons. Its self-interest is explicit, as if it doesn't care, so those who gave Americans the benefit of the doubt no longer do so, and it does damage.”
Marc Otte, the former European Union special representative for the Middle East peace process and a senior fellow at the Egmont Institute, Belgium's Royal Institute for International Relations, said that cutting American aid reduces, not enhances, American influence.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
But the “broader question is whether America is reliable,” Mr. Otte said. “These are long-term commitments, and what does this mean for the U.N. system, for refugees, for Syria and Yemen if U.N. agencies are constrained.”
It creates resentment among other donor countries, too, he said.
As a government, America gives less than a percentage of its gross national income than other countries — only 0.17 percent, well below the 0.3 percent average for developed countries. But because the economy is so large, Americans still provide more foreign aid in total than any other country, and aid cuts do cause disruptions.
Even before the United Nations vote in December against the American decision on Jerusalem, Mr. Trump said he wanted to cut the Obama administration's spending on foreign aid, about $42.4 billion, to $27.3 billion, and fold the United States Agency for International Development into the State Department.
And he warned that he would withhold “billions” from countries that voted against him. “Let them vote against us,” he said. “We'll save a lot. We don't care.”
Photo
“But this isn't like it used to be where they could vote against you and then you pay them hundreds of millions of dollars,” he added. “We're not going to be taken advantage of any longer.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Trump's warning appeared aimed largely at countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America who are regarded as more vulnerable to American pressure.
More recently, offended by Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas's sharp criticism of the Jerusalem move, Mr. Trump ordered that $65 million in American aid be withheld from the United Nations refugee agency that serves the Palestinians.
At least 11 countries, including Russia, Belgium and Norway, have rushed to pay their own annual contributions early and in full, to fill the gap. Pressed by Norway, the European Union held an emergency session last week to seek faster contributions to the refugee agency.
Even the Israeli government has quietly criticized the cut to the agency, which provides much of the schooling and health care in Gaza and the West Bank, meaning that Israel, considered by most of the world as an occupying power, is not under obligation to do so.
Mr. Bildt suggested that the Europeans should not contribute more, but let Israel cope with the fallout of the aid cut. Noting that Israel was lobbying in Washington against the cutbacks, he asked: “Why should we jump in there? If it collapses, it is the responsibility of the occupying country, Israel, which should pay the costs of its occupation.”
Mr. Trump has also suspended aid to Pakistan over its ties to the Taliban, and that is a more popular act, said Ian Lesser, a former American official who runs the German Marshall Fund office here.
“On Egypt and especially Pakistan,” which receive large amounts of United States aid, “a lot of the foreign policy establishment will agree,” he said. “There's a lot of pent-up dissatisfaction with countries that have not been helpful.
“With some key countries,” he added, “it could be that Trump's assertiveness comes together with this pent-up frustration to produce change.”
DEWSBURY-BORN ENGLAND and St Helens prop Alex Walmsley is facing a long spell on the sidelines after undergoing surgery on a fractured bone in his neck.
The 27-year-old front rower, who played for Dewsbury Celtic, Leeds Metropolitan University and Batley Bulldogs before joining Saints in 2013, sustained the injury in a 30-12 win at Warrington Wolves on March 9
“It is obviously a massive blow to our team, given the fact Alex is the best front-rower in Super League,” St Helens coach Justin Holbrook admitted.
“He has been in great form already this year after a good World Cup, but importantly, the news that Alex will make a full recovery from the injury is one we all welcome.”
Holbrook revealed: “Alex has had an operation to correct the damage and will now begin his recovery, led by our medical team.
“The surgeon has told both Alex and the club he will make a full recovery and his neck will be stronger than ever.
“We want to wish Alex a speedy and safe recovery and can't wait to have him back on the field with the boys, but only when he has fully recovered.”
Walmsley has been included in England coach Wayne Bennett's 21-strong elite performance squad, but will miss the mid-season Test against New Zealand in Denver, Colorado, on June 23.
Most Alabama voters have a lot of decisions to make before going to the polls June 5.
All of the top statewide races are on the ballot and contested, many of them on both the Democratic and Republican sides. All of the seats in the Legislature are up for grabs this year, as are many judgeships and county offices.
The state's Democratic Party had seemed to be dwindling from a blue dot in a sea of red to something closer to a pin head. But Democrat Doug Jones' surprise election to the U.S. Senate in December energized the party. Half again as many people signed on this year to run for the Democratic nomination to seats in the Legislature than did in 2014. More Democrats lined up to run for other local races, as well, though the increase wasn't quite as large as for the Legislature.
Even the Republican Party had a bump in people wanting to run for office this year, perhaps in a desire to stave off the threat of a Democratic resurgence.
The governor's race, in particular, has drawn a lot of attention. Four Republicans and six Democrats are on the primary ballots trying to capture the seat. In the race for governor so far, 10 candidates have raised more than $10 million for campaigns.
And that's just one race out of many. In Jefferson and Shelby counties, more than 60 races are contested by about 170 people who want their party's nomination to run in the general election this fall. You need a scorecard to tell them apart.
BirminghamWatch has produced this Voter Guide to help Jefferson and Shelby voters do just that. In the guide, produced in collaboration with Starnes Media, publisher of Hoover Sun, and WBHM, you'll find printable sample ballots so you'll know which races are contested in June.
The guide includes profiles with basic information about each of the candidates, including the main issues they're citing in their campaigns, their biggest contributors and links to their web or social media sites.
Also in the guide is a tool kit of information you need to know about the process of voting in Alabama and information that will help you research candidates more deeply if you're so inclined.
In the governor's race, the Voter Guide breaks down the candidates' stances on issues such as education and taxes and includes WBHM's interviews with the contenders.
For these resources and more, check out BirminghamWatch's Voter Guide.
(Cass County Sheriff's Office via AP, File). FILE - This file photo provided by the Cass County Sheriff's Office in Fargo, N.D., shows Brooke Crews, who pleaded guilty Dec. 11, 2017, to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law office...
(Michael Vosburg/The Forum via AP, Pool). FILE - In this Dec. 11, 2017, file photo, Brooke Crews, who is accused of killing a pregnant neighbor so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby, appears in state district court in Fargo, N.D., on with attorn...
By DAVE KOLPACK
Associated Press
FARGO, N.D. (AP) - A North Dakota woman who earlier admitted killing a pregnant neighbor to get her baby did it by cutting the baby from the mother's womb as she faded in and out of consciousness, prosecutors said Friday.
Brooke Crews, 38, was sentenced to life in prison without parole in a hearing that for the first time detailed the August death of Savanna Greywind, 22, of Fargo.
Ashton Matheny, the baby's father, said learning how his baby was born and his girlfriend died "tore me apart." Greywind's mother, Norberta Lafontaine-Greywind, fought back tears, but said she was satisfied with the sentence - the toughest Crews could have received.
Prosecutors said the two women argued, and Greywind was pushed and briefly knocked out before Crews began cutting her. Greywind eventually bled to death, they said.
East Central District Judge Frank Racek cited the predatory and cruel nature of the crime in handing down the maximum sentence.
Crews, wearing orange prison clothing and cuffed at the wrists, cried as she read a statement of apology. She said she wished she could take the family's pain.
"There is no excuse. There is no rationalization. There is nothing," she said. Later, she showed no emotion as the judge passed sentence.
Crews' boyfriend, William Hoehn, faces a May trial in the case. He has pleaded not guilty. Prosecutors had cited his pending trial in withholding public details of Greywind's death earlier.
Prosecutors asked for a sentence of life in prison with no parole. Defense attorney Steven Mottinger had asked for less, pointing out Crews admitted guilt without any promise of leniency.
"Acceptance of responsibility is important," Mottinger said in court. "It has to mean something."
Greywind was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in August, sparking extensive searches. Kayakers found her body wrapped in plastic in a river. The baby was found alive in the apartment Crews shared with Hoehn.
Norberta LaFontaine-Greywind, one of four family members to give statements during sentencing, said that what Crews did was "beyond evil," and said she was suffering horrific nightmares. Her husband, Joe Greywind, said the family is trying to heal, "but we find it nearly impossible."
Fargo Police Chief Dave Todd earlier called Greywind's death a "cruel and vicious act of depravity."
Crews initially claimed that Greywind gave up her newborn daughter, but she later admitted taking advantage of the woman to get the child, according to court documents.
Hoehn told police he came home on Aug. 19 to find Crews cleaning up blood in their bathroom. Hoehn said Crews presented him with an infant girl and said: "This is our baby. This is our family." Hoehn told police he took garbage bags containing bloody shoes and his bloody towels and disposed them away from the apartment complex.
A bill in Congress aimed at protecting Native American women and girls from violence, abduction and human trafficking is named for Greywind. Savanna's Act, introduced by Democratic Sen. Heidi Heitkamp would improve tribal access to certain federal crime information databases and create standardized protocols for responding to cases of missing and murdered Native Americans.
It also would require an annual report that would include statistics on missing and murdered Native American women.
"You would never wish this suffering on anybody, on anybody's family, on anybody's sister or daughter or mother," said Gloria Allred, attorney for the Greywind family. "But the only good that will come out of it ... is more attention to change on this issue for other Native American women in the future."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Q. And what are you watching for?
A. We're measuring oxygen consumption rates. If I were to stick an elite Olympic athlete, a cross-country skier, onto a cycle ergometer and ask them to wear a mask and say, ‘O.K., go as hard as you can go, and I want to measure your peak metabolic rate,' one of the ways we can quantify that is in oxygen consumption. So I can say, ‘This human athlete is consuming four milliliters of oxygen per gram of body weight per hour.'
A hummingbird can easily hit 40 milliliters of oxygen per gram per hour. And if I ask the hummingbird to do extra, if I give it a little bit of extra weight to wear, that can go up to well above 60. So, their tissues are using oxygen at rates that are many, many times what we can possibly achieve.
Q. And they need the oxygen to help them metabolize the relatively enormous amounts of sugar they are taking in to get the energy to power their muscles?
A. I did a calculation back in graduate school. It turns out that when they're hovering around and foraging during the day, they're pretty much exclusively burning the sugar that they've been eating in the last 30 minutes to an hour. And so, they have this incredible ability to move sugar through their system. And I did the calculation and said, ‘O.K., if I scale one of my hummingbirds up to adult male human size, my size, how much sugar would I need to drink per minute if I were theoretically a hovering hummingbird as big as I am?' It turned out to be right around the amount of sugar that's in a can of Coca-Cola per minute. I haven't actually tried to do this. My doctor advised against it.
Q. So they move sugar through their system an awful lot faster than we do?
A. Unlike us, hummingbirds can use the glucose that they're ingesting in nectar and can move it through their guts, through their circulatory system, and to their muscle cells so fast that they can essentially keep that pipeline going in real time.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
You and I can't do that. We can support some small portion of exercise with newly ingested glucose, about 30 percent. But what's just as remarkable is that the diet of hummingbirds is nectar and that's half glucose and half fructose.
Fructose is getting a lot of bad press these days because of high fructose corn syrup in the Western diet and its association with metabolic disease and obesity. We're not good at using fructose at all. Hummingbirds can use that fructose at very high rates.
Q. How do they do it?
A. Birds and nectar-feeding bats have evolved the ability to enhance the flux of nutrients like small sugars like fructose and glucose or amino acids to more effectively absorb their food. And getting them to their tissues is enhanced because hummingbird muscles and hummingbird hearts and hummingbird blood vessels are so good. The hummingbird heart rate is high and it's pumping so much blood per unit of time. They have lots and lots of capillaries that allow the blood to get up close and personal to their muscle cells.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
And hummingbirds can apparently take up fructose in their cells, and we're trying to figure out what enables that. We do know that there is a different form of glucose transporter that is a specialist at taking up fructose. In our muscle cells that transporter is barely present. But hummingbird muscle fibers tend to have a lot of this transporter. So, we think we're a little closer to understanding how they can take up fructose so fast. But the story's not yet complete. We need to do some follow-up work in order to really confirm that.
Q. What about your recent work on whether big or small hummingbirds are more efficient at energy use?
A. Hummingbirds really do vary in size. Our Ruby-throated hummingbirds weigh less than a penny, 2.5 to 3 grams. Down in South and Central America, you can find some much larger hummingbird species. Up in the range of 10-12 grams. And then there's one species, the giant hummingbird, that sits at about 18-20 grams.
In essence, larger hummingbirds have higher efficiency. They're converting a greater proportion of their sugar energy into mechanical power to hover than our smallest hummingbirds.
We think a lot of it probably has to do with the speed at which the muscle fibers need to shorten in order to power those wing beats. Small hummingbirds beat their wings at a higher frequency than larger hummingbirds. It's something they need to do to generate sufficient mechanical power. But the faster you move or the faster you make a muscle shorten, there is evidence that suggests the less efficiently it does so.
And so, what we see is that the apparent efficiency of the smallest hummingbirds is down around 10 percent. If you go up to the larger hummingbirds they are — they're up in the range of, you know, 30 percent.
Approximately 20 people in Niagara Falls are set to become homeless at the end of this month, after receiving only 1 months notice that they must leave Topper Motel on Lundy's Lane.
Tenants say the motel operates more as an apartment building, where some have lived for years. They pay monthly rent, some as high as $600 per month. They say their living conditions are deplorable.
“Never any hot water. The ceiling leaks right over my bed.”
“You cannot drink the water here, but he never tells anyone that.”
Thorold fire department says the motel is not safe to live in and has many fire code violations that must be fixed by the owner, who has until August 17th to make the changes.
Notices given to the tenants by the owner says due to financial difficulties, Topper Motel will close on August 31st.
In a phone call with the owner, Peter Lee, he maintains that there is more to the story.
Local councillor Selena Volpatti says the region has been trying to help the residents find new homes, but residents say no local politician has ever visited or returned their calls.
VIRGINIA BEACH, Va. (AP) – Macon Brock, a retailer who co-founded the Dollar Tree chain of discount stores that grew into a Fortune 500 company, has died. He was 75.
News outlets report Brock died Saturday at his home in Virginia Beach. His wife said he died of complications from idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, a lung disease.
Brock was born and raised in Norfolk. In 1986, he and two others opened five stores called “Only $1.00” after having success in the retail toy business.
The Chesapeake-based company changed its name to Dollar Tree in 1993.
Brock and his wife made donations to colleges across Virginia, and he served as chairman of Randolph-Macon College's Board of Trustees for 10 years.
He also provided significant support to the Chesapeake Bay Foundation.
Semi Custom 300 WSM on Long Action I am selling a semi custom 300 WSM built on a trued 700 Rem LA. This allows COAL of about 3.25" and works beautifully. Loading to about 2900 fps with 215 Bergers and 212 gr ELD-x and getting 1/2 moa accuracy if my arthritic hands do their part. Have done as good as .3". Gun has a little over 200 rounds down the tube. A few marks on the barrel. Otherwise excellent.
Trued Rem 700 LA
Greybull Precision Stock
26" Bartlein #5 stainless barrel
Timney Trigger
Zero degree picatinney rail
Forearm picatinney rail for Atlas
Cerakoted
Hollard Muzzle Break
Asking $1,650 + shipping. Inexpensive way to get an excellent LR rifle. Money order only. Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
Thanks to the stylish efforts of their attack hydra, the US national team easily got their backs away from the World Cup qualifying wall with a convincing 4-0 rout of Panama in Orlando on Friday night.
Jozy Altidore, Christian Pulisic and Bobby Wood got the home side off to a racing start and would eventually provide all the goals needed to lift the Nats into prime position for another World Cup ticket.
Tim Howard (6.5): The US netminder was rarely tested, but he comfortably made an important first half save. Howard also completed a handful of long boots, including one that led to the opener.
DeAndre Yedlin (7): The Newcastle right back made the biggest defensive play of the night when he raced over to wipe out an Alberto Quintero penalty area chance near the half hour. Yedlin didn't frighten much on the overlap, but he ably supported possession when called upon.
Omar Gonzalez (6.5): Gonzo was turned early, but was solid defensively the rest of the way. The defender also played some smart passes to ignite the break.
Matt Besler (6.5): Though sent scrambling by pace in space on a couple of occasions, Besler effectively shut down Panama's crossing game. Like his partner, the Sporting Kansas City man offered some incisive passes into attack.
Jorge Villafana (6.5): The Santos Laguna left back played conservatively on the ball, but smothered most of the Panama attackers that ventured into his corner.
Michael Bradley (6): Guilty of a couple of cheap giveaways in the opening frame, the skipper kept it safer after intermission. Bradley covered a lot of ground defensively until the subs gave him some late help.
Paul Arriola (7): The D.C. United winger's was ever eager to provide pressure valve work and turn these moves into counter attacks. He eventually picked up a smart assist to go with his eight total defensive stops.
Darlington Nagbe (5.5): It was a somewhat vanilla outing for Nagbe, even if he completed 22 straight passes after committing a weak early turnover in central park. The Portland Timbers midfielder definitely could have offered more defensive resistance.
Christian Pulisic (8.5): The Borussia Dortmund phenom's fancy feet were in full effect. Pulisic's technical skills were key on both his icebreaker and the set-up for Altidore's first. He also beat five defenders on the dribble in the opening 25 minutes, setting the tone for this important romp.
Bobby Wood (8): The Hamburg ace's movement on and off the ball thoroughly unsettled Panama's defensive set-up. Wood's insistent dribbling earned the US a spot kick, and after a couple of missed chances he chalked up a deserved goal with a splendid turn-and-finish in the box.
Jozy Altidore (8.5): The team's cobra head was in a strike pose from the onset. Altidore repeatedly plowed the road forward with his link touches, most notably on Pulisic's quick opener. The Toronto FC star then got to the end of some moves to bag a double.
Coach Bruce Arena (7.5): The boss took a tactical gamble and it paid off big time. While the US were worryingly stretched at the back a few times, they never broke and the team's aggressive game plan lit up the scoreboard early and often.
Subs
Dax McCarty (7): The 57th minute sub put in one of his most assured US performances. McCarty moved the ball shrewdly and offered Bradley some needed help guarding the gate.
Clint Dempsey (5.5): The Seattle Sounders goal monster was never in a position to strike for the USMNT scoring record, but typically kept the ball moving.
Alejandro Bedoya (--): Just a few touches in a late cameo.
Transcript for Meet the dogs competing for 'best in show'
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Somnath Bharti said that with APP getting a clean chit, several schemes proposed by AAP will not get stalled anymore and will get a green signal. Bharti added that leaving aside land, law & order and police, Delhi government will have its full say in other subjects.
Reacting on the verdict given by the Supreme Court over the prevailing tussle between L-G Anil Baijal and Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal, politician-lawyer, Somnath Bharti termed the verdict as a Constitutional win and added that the verdict is a loss for all those who were trying to stall or overrule the governance by AAP. Terming the decision by CJI as a win for the Delhi people, Bharti said that with AAP getting the real power of the state, several projects that were stalled will be completed before the given time. Stating that the decision by the apex court was in favour of Kejriwal-led AAP, Bharti said that the authority over law and order, police and land will lie with the L-G Anil Baijal only. He added that Delhi government will enjoy the power over other subjects.
Speaking to a leading news channel, Somnath Bharti said that with APP getting a clean chit, several schemes proposed by AAP will not get stalled anymore and will get a green signal. Somanth Bharti added that the verdict was as per the Constitution of India.
Bharti added that the power enjoyed with the Delhi government now will be equivalent to the power rested with any state government.
Commenting on the work of Delhi government, Somnath Bharti said that leaving aside land, law & order and police, Delhi government will have its full say in other subjects. He added that with AAP getting the ‘real power', they can work of the betterment of the people of Delhi.
In the verdict passed by the Supreme Court, CJI Dipak Misra, who read the majority of the verdict, said that L-G Anil Baijal must not act as an obstructionist and added that he has to abide by the decisions taken by the council of ministers.
The following remarks come after Centre's lawyer, Nalin Kohli had said AAP's main plank was that this is a state whereas in today's verdict the Court has unequivocally said that Delhi is not a state.
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
Rabbit rescue organizations are preparing for an influx of surrendered and stray bunnies as Easter weekend comes to an end.
Kaylie Ngo, president of London, Ont.,-based Hoppy Hearts, said the peak season for her rescue starts in June and July — and much of the volume stems from bunnies that were hastily purchased as Easter gifts for kids.
Bunnies are usually given as gifts when they're about eight weeks old, Ngo said. But after a few months, their personalities start to shift.
“They start becoming very hormonal and active little teenagers that like to poop and pee and start destroying things,” she said.
The executive director of Rabbit Rescue Inc. in Cambridge, Ont., said oftentimes, parents who buy the animals for their kids don't understand what they're getting into.
“They're really similar to cats and dogs, not like hamsters and gerbils,” Haviva Porter-Lush said. They can't be kept in a small cage, for instance. Porter-Lush recommends keeping them in a pen or a dedicated room to themselves.
And they're also more like cats and dogs in terms of cost than many people realize, she added.
“When people see them in the store for $30 or $40, they don't realize that, say, 'in five or six months time, I'm going to need to spend $300 to $700 getting my rabbit spayed.”'
Ngo said that sometimes, a lack of veterinary care can be an issue for rabbit owners.
“Despite being the third most popular pet in North America, they are still considered an exotic pet by many veterinarians, and it can be really, really hard to find a good veterinarian to care for the rabbit,” she said.
Both Hoppy Hearts and Rabbit Rescue Inc. send rabbits that are up for adoption to foster homes — neither organization has a dedicated shelter space.
“It's hard, because it's a busy time of year and we get full very quickly,” said Porter-Lush, adding that they're limited by the number of people who have agreed to act as foster families.
In fact, Ngo said her rescue has become so busy that it's had to stop accepting owner-surrendered bunnies. Right now, she said, Hoppy Hearts is only taking in rabbits that have been abandoned outside.
“Even if only temporarily, being put outside is a death sentence,” she said.
So when they get the call about a domestic rabbit that someone has spotted outside, they act fast. Ngo said that at least two people will go out to the scene and try to corral the rabbit into a pen.
Then, they scan the bunny for immediate health concerns: dental issues, parasites and injuries. If it's all clear, they go ahead and get the bunny spayed or neutered as quickly as possible.
Both Ngo and Porter-Lush recommend fostering a rabbit before eventually adopting one — it's less commitment, and gives people a chance to see whether a rabbit is a good fit for their household.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
MUSIC: KhingSolex ft. Ijaya – Ibere (Prod. BlaiseBeatz)
Maisarauta Records presents:- “Ibere” by the labels Versatile Rapper – Khingsolex. On this sizzling dance club banger, he features The Agolo master – Ijaya.
Ibere is a yoruba word which mean “Question”. On the rap-twist Versatile Rapper – Khingsolex delivered some heavy weight punchlines and Ijaya added some vibe to the song as well.
The song was produced by BlaiseBeatz.
Listen, Download and Enjoy!
https://www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/KhingSolex-ft-Ijaya-Ibere.mp3
Note: There is a file embedded within this post, please visit this post to download the file.
The post MUSIC: KhingSolex ft. Ijaya – Ibere (Prod. BlaiseBeatz) appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Even as panicked commuters rushed toward them, four officers didn't hesitate to engage the man accused of detonating an explosive in the New York City subway system this morning, leaping on top of the suspect and removing the device before more damage could be done.
Interested in New York? Add New York as an interest to stay up to date on the latest New York news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
The explosion occurred in an underground passageway near the Port Authority Bus Terminal, sending commuters scrambling to evacuate a major transit hub just blocks from Times Square. Despite the rush-hour crowds, only five people suffered minor injuries, officials said.
The 27-year-old suspect, Akayed Ullah, is in the hospital, badly injured in the arm and torso from the device that went off in his arms, law enforcement sources said.
Port Authority Police Department Officer Anthony Manfredini apprehended Ullah, with the help of three other officers: Sean Gallagher, Jack Collins and Drew Preston, Port Authority Police Benevolent Association President Paul Nunziato told ABC News Monday evening.
Manfredini was stationed just outside the corridor where the detonation occurred. He "saw the panic and commotion," radioed for help and then entered the corridor with the three other officers, Nunziato said.
"They engaged the suspect, who was on the ground, they handcuffed him, they saw wires, cellphone. They made a split-second decision to actually get on top of him and restrain him, and [Manfredini] actually removed the device off of his person before he could further detonate it," Nunziato said.
Nunziato praised the officers for their quick action. "It's a split-second decision based on training. Training and having the moxie to get in there, to put your life on the line. ... I'm extremely proud. They couldn't have done it any better."
He added: "Those four guys are heroes."
TLC
A law enforcement source said the bomb was built from a 12-inch-long pipe, black powder and rigged with a 9-volt battery and a wire that came from a Christmas light. Because it was strapped to the suspect, the assumption is he had been prepared to die a suicide bomber, the source said. The pipe had nails stuffed into it, the source said, and it had the ability to impose more injuries than it did.
“This could have been worse,” a law enforcement source told ABC News.
However, the pipe did not fully shatter and a 6-inch piece was discovered fully intact.
Ullah, originally from Bangladesh, told authorities he is self-inspired from ISIS online propaganda, sources said. Ullah told authorities no one directed him to carry out the attack and he talked about the plight of Muslims over the years, a law enforcement source said.
Video of the incident, shot by a surveillance camera, shows commuters walking in the passageway when the explosion erupts. The camera screen filled with smoke as people scattered.
Ullah was not expected to be charged Monday but eventually is set to face terror-related federal charges, a law enforcement source said.
ABC News' Emily Shapiro and Aaron Katersky contributed to this report.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
The assassination of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. 50 years ago this June fractured the nation just two months after the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr. and five years after his brother John F. Kennedy was killed.
But RFK's funeral, particularly the train that took his body from a memorial service in New York City to his resting place at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia, brought the country together in a new, unprecedented way: An estimated 2 million ordinary Americans spontaneously gathered beside railroad tracks to honor him as the train passed by.
An exhibit at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, "The Train: RFK's Last Journey," displays 21 of the 1,000 unique color slides made by photographer Paul Fusco on June 8, 1968. The images captured America's grief in a way that was unusual in photography, by seeing the events through the eyes of ordinary people.
The photos show Americans of all colors and classes. Catholic schoolgirls, field hands, firemen, blue-collar workers and housewives in their bonnets create a tableau of those who came to say farewell to the man many knew simply as "Bobby."
Some climbed fence posts to get a better view. Some saluted. Others stood rock-ribbed straight. Some waved American flags or handmade posters: "So Long Bobby." Others turned from work to see what all the fuss was about as the maroon train car holding his coffin rolled by.
Fusco, at the time a staffer for Look magazine, made the images from his unique position aboard the funeral train en route to Arlington. He said he was astonished when the train emerged from a New York City tunnel to see hundreds of people gathering beside the tracks. At times he used a panning motion to isolate certain people and scenes, creating a blur around the edges of the images.
The exhibit also shows the importance of the day for those who were there, through a collection of personal images sought out by Dutch artist Rein Jelle Terpstra, who became fascinated with Fusco's photos and launched a research project in 2014 to collect pictures and films from the observers who watched the funeral procession go by. Among the most striking is a carefully labeled photo album collage decorated with red, white and blue construction paper.
The moving exhibit also includes a 70 mm film reconstruction of the day by French artist Philippe Parreno, complete with the haunting sound of a train clacking through fields and cities.
So many people came to say goodbye to Bobby Kennedy on June 8, 1968, that the train slowed and the journey took nearly twice as long as usual, nearly eight hours to travel a typically four-hour route.
Kennedy, a U.S. senator from New York, was running for president and had just won the California primary when he was shot at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles by Sirhan Sirhan. Kennedy died June 6, 1968.
"RFK's Last Journey" is on display at the museum through June 10.
L'ifestyle Lounge, Closter, NJ Grand Opening March 1st! by
Tuesday, February 14 2017 @ 11:23 AM EST
Posted in News & Views
The L'ifestyle Lounge will serve as a safe space to learn and practice the art of self-care. Offering a unique range of drop-in and semester-long yoga instruction (for all ages and all bodies), mindfulness services (a separate studio devoted to guided mindful meditation), and educational nutrition appointments with Registered Dietitians, this state-of-the-art 3-in-1 studio where clients can “breathe, bend, and nourish” their way to a building a healthier, stronger foundation for self-awareness, compassion, inner strength, and acceptance.
Welcoming Diversity, Embracing Differences
While many fitness facilities may claim to be a safe space and void of judgment, Laura's lounge will truly serve as one of the ONLY centers of its kind. By designing classes intended to prevent eating disorders, prevent body-shame, and fad dieting, the L'ifestyle staff is firm in its philosophy of positive nutrition and welcoming of all body types and ages. There are no mirrors! The moment students set foot in the door, they enter a weight neutral environment that seeks to uplift and empower, not tear down, lounge members.
Through a powerful combination of yoga, mindfulness meditation and positive nutrition components, L'ifestyle's mission is to provide members with tools to self-awareness, self-love, and a healthier relationship with food and with their bodies.
Yoga
Whether you are new to yoga and wish to try a drop-in class, or want to go all-in with a commitment to semester-long (8 or 14 weeks) yoga, the L'ifestyle lounge offers the perfect option for every age and experience level.
Some of the current offerings include:
EmpowHER- For tween and teen girls ages 11-14; a moving meditation on and off the yoga mat, including instruction on mindful eating, body acceptance, and nutrition
Little Gods and Goddesses- Themed classes for little yogis who want to learn to love and move their bodies and breathe with their bellies!
Prenatal Bliss- Join a Certified Prenatal Yoga Instructor as you learn to flow through your pregnancy.
Rock, Sweat and Glow- Build internal heat in this fast paced Vinyasa class, set to a mix of pop, rock, hip-hop and rap. Experienced beginners to advanced levels.
Mindfulness
Offered in conjunction with semester-long yoga classes, the L'ifestyle Lounge's mindfulness meditations are perfectly paired with the yoga and nutrition components to offer students a sacred space that allows them to turn off the outside world and tune in to their breath. Lasting from 30 to 45 minutes, these sessions were created to decrease counter regulatory hormones and letting go of anxiety.
Some classes include:
Letting Go- Practicing the ever-challenging art of true stress relief; facilitators will guide students in freeing themselves from constant worry, and allowing room for inner peace.
5 Senses- A be-in-the-moment mediation designed to heighten awareness of the five senses (sight, smell, sound, taste, touch) and using breath to rid the mind of chatter.
Empower- Be prepared to leave the meditation room ready to take on the day- this class is all about total rejuvenation. Combining an array of breathing exercises, guided imagery, and even silence, students are given tools for clarity and compassion.
Positive Nutrition
The third and perhaps the most crucial component of the L'ifestyle Lounge, positive nutrition, will encourage students to embrace a fad diet-free approach and forego the mindset of deprivation. By incorporating the Five Pillars of Positive Nutrition, found in Cipullo's best-selling book, the Women's Health Body Clock Diet (Rodale, 2015), the L'ifestyle Lounge staff will provide nutritional consultations helping clients free themselves from food worry and to adopt an “all foods fit” philosophy, while honoring their emotional and biological needs.
An expert in nutrition and healthy eating, Laura has almost 20 years of clinical experience as a Registered Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Certified Eating Disorder Registered Dietitian. For three years, Laura volunteered as President, New York chapter of the International Association of Eating Disorders Professionals (www.iaedpNY.com), and under her leadership, grew the chapter from 20 members to almost 200 members.
Based in NYC and NJ, Laura is available for interviews. I've included a headshot and full bio below. For more information about the lounge or to attend the grand opening, please contact me at the following information.
Laura Cipullo // NYC
Laura Cipullo is the founder of Laura Cipullo Whole Nutrition Services in NYC. Cipullo weaves evidence-based science into treating clients, authoring books and speaking engagements. Laura combines her knowledge from expertise in nutrition, behavior change, the endocrine system, and psychology. While she believes in organic, sustainable foods the majority of the time, Laura and her team teach clients how to eat ALL FOODS guilt-free while living mindfully. Her clients love her for compassionate, mindful, “wholistic” approach to Positive Nutrition. Laura's motto is “Eat Kale and Cupcakes!” In addition to individual sessions, her team of RD's provides weekly “mindful meal” support groups for women who are working to change their relationship food and their body.
A four-time author including best selling “Women's Health Body Clock Diet,” (Rodale) and the “Diabetes Comfort Food Diet” (Robert Rose 2015), Laura is excited to share her most recent book, “Everyday Diabetes, Meals for 1 or 2” (Robert Rose 2017) set for release March 22, 2017. Laura is a frequent contributor to publications such as USA Today, Real Simple, Fitness, OK! Magazine, The Huffington Post, Women's Health and has appeared regularly as a guest on Headline News, FOX Business and FOX & Friends. Watch Laura on Fox & Friends: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZLJQrCR1y4
Advertisement
Carbon Fiber Barrel for Remington Sendero I'm sure this has been discussed before but searching the forum, I can't seem to find the answer I'm after and am I looking for someone who has actually done it, to lend some advice.
I own and hunt with a Remington Sendero in .300 WM. She's a shooter with my hand loads and I would hate to alter the guns current performance. This is where I could use some advice. I love the gun, but lugging that thing around for 5+ day mountain hunts gets old. I'm contemplating putting a carbon wrapped barrel on my Sendero to lighten it up a bit. Has anyone out there done this? Was the weight difference noticeable and did you feel it was worth it?
Additionally I'm debating, if I do move forward with the CF barrel, is a 24" or 26" a better option for a .300WM in a 1:10 twist....or does that make a difference? I am looking at Proof, Christensen, and Fierce barrels as options...although I've called and emailed Fierce multiple times with no return calls, so they may be out.
Keep in mind the reason I'm doing this is because I love the weapon and would like to find a way to cut some weight off of it. I replaced the HS stock with a McMillan GS saved a half pound, but if understanding the weights correctly, doing the barrel swap would save close to 2lbs, which is pretty significant. Thanks!
Getty Image
Michael Moore enjoyed an extended moment following Donald Trump's unexpected election victory. He had predicted a Trump win, which gave folks plenty of reason to listen to his future recommendations for Democrats. Now, Moore has had it up to his baseball cap with all of the Russia developments, which include National Security Advisor Michael Flynn's resignation after reports that he was vulnerable to Russian blackmail. Late on Valentine's Day, the New York Times reported that Trump campaign aides were in direct communication with Russia before the election.
Whew. That's not even all of the past 36 hours of developments, but Moore also tweet-ranted all day and night. The Russia mess swallowed his entire holiday, but no matter. First up, he demanded the arrest of Flynn before placing the blame largely on Trump and demanding his arrest, too. And then there was some impeachment talk.
Flynn was colluding w/ a foreign gov't accused of helping throw the election 2 Trump,promising them they would be taken care of. Arrest him. — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) February 14, 2017
Let's be VERY clear: Flynn DID NOT make that Russian call on his own. He was INSTRUCTED to do so.He was TOLD to reassure them. Arrest Trump. — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) February 14, 2017
YORK, Pa. (AP) — A man who called police on a group of black women golfers accused of playing too slowly at a Pennsylvania golf club denied to dispatchers that he was acting out of racism.
In one of two recordings of calls to police posted by the York Daily Record, the caller says the group was "holding everybody up" and one of the women had accused the Grandview Golf Club of racism. He said no weapons were involved "other than her mouth."
The golf club in York apologized following the April 21 incident. The women were club members and described the experience as demeaning and discriminatory.
Voters' registration aborted in Rivers as burglers cart away INEC's data capturing machine
The ongoing voters' registration for new voters in Emohua Local Council of Rivers state has been aborted following to burgle and carting away of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC's data capturing machine, the state Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC), Mr Aniedi Ikoiwak has said.
A statement, signed by Dr Richard Ntui the commission's Administrative Secretary, quoted Ikoiwak as saying that urgent steps would be taken to ensure continuation of the exercise within the stipulated period.
The statement was issued to newsmen on Wednesday in Port Harcourt.
It said that Direct-Data Capturing Equipment was carted away when the secretariat of Emohua Local Government Council where INEC office is situated was burgled.
Ikoiwak assured the public especially the registrants that no data was lost in the theft as all the data captured since the commencement of the exercise was backed up in the commission's server.
“In addition, the CVR (Continuous Voters, Registration) exercise will continue as soon as new DDC machines were configured for the council,'' he said.
Ikoiwak, who had already inspected the burgled office, urged INEC staff not to be discouraged by the incident.
He advised the management of the council to boost security to avoid re-ocurrence of the incident.
The post Voters' registration aborted in Rivers as burglers cart away INEC's data capturing machine appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Colorado Springs, CO. – Wyoming junior Ja'la Henderson has been named the Mountain West Women's Field Athlete of the Week for the third time during the 2017-18 season, the league announced Tuesday afternoon. It is her second weekly honor during the outdoor track & field season.
Advertisement
The UW jumps star receives the award from the conference after her most recent record-breaking performance. The Meadowdale, Ohio, native leapt 43 feet, 8.5 inches to smash her own UW women's outdoor triple jump record at the Beach Invitational in Long Beach, Calif., on Saturday, taking the top spot in the field of 57 competitors. It was the second time Henderson has broken the outdoor program record this season, and she has broken UW triple jumps records a total of four times during the 2017-18 season.
Henderson now leads the Mountain West by over two feet in the triple jump while she is ranked third in the long jump with a mark of 20-2.5. Her triple jump mark is currently ranked 10th in the NCAA.
Advertisement
Henderson and Damon Unland have each earned two MW Field Athletes of the Week honors for Wyoming during the 2018 outdoor season. With an additional weekly honor during the indoor season for Henderson as well as two indoor honors for Jordan Edmonds, the Pokes have garnered a total of seven weekly conference accolades during the 2017-18 track & field campaign.
Wyoming will host the 7220 Invite on Friday at the Memorial 8 Track at the Louis S. Madrid Sports Complex. Events start at 11 a.m. MT and admission is free to the public. Stay tuned to GoWyo.com and @wyo_track on Twitter for more information about the home meet.
Kingbird was one of about 100 participants who gathered in the parking lot of the John Glas Fieldhouse on Tuesday for Bemidji's first-ever Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women's Walk. Marchers, including men and children, as well as Native American women, united in solidarity with similar events taking place nationwide, hoping to call attention to the disproportionate amount of violence against Native women.
"We felt that it was very important for us to organize an event for today with the other actions that are happening all over Canada and all over the rest of the United States," said organizer Audrianna Goodwin. "This is a very touching issue for almost all of us in the room ... and we just want to do our part in raising awareness to this issue."
Participants held signs and some wore red shawls during the march from the field house to BSU's Hobson Memorial Union; the group was greeted by honking cars as it traveled along Bemidji Avenue North. Native women and those who had lost family members led the march and allies brought up the rear.
The event was planned by the Indigenous Environmental Network's women's leadership group Ogimaakwewiwin. Group member Simone Senogles said that while Ogimaakwewiwin only became aware of similar marches last week, they decided to do their best to pull together the Tuesday event.
"Even though the time was really, really short we knew that it was something we wanted to do, we wanted to at least try," Senogles told participants. "We're really, really humbled and honored by all of you coming out on this cold day and joining us."
After the march, attendees gathered in the Beaux Arts Ballroom in Hobson. A Planned Parenthood table offered condoms and literature about HIV/AIDS prevention, while Northwoods Battered Women's Shelter and Red Lake shelter Equay Wiigamig also offered information about services. The organizers spoke about violence against Native women both nationwide and locally before jingle dress dancers performed.
"We want to acknowledge that this is a real issue to people," said organizer Anna Goldtooth. "It affects us everywhere, and in our community we've experienced a lot of violence happening in the past few years against Native women."
Each speaker said that much of the violence against indigenous women stems from colonization, even violence within Native communities.
"This violence that's perpetuated against our women isn't who we are. It never was part of our ways to hurt our women," Goodwin said. "I just can't stress enough that this isn't who we are."
Money
Markets are constantly in a state of sector rotation, always trying to anticipate the next rising trend of business momentum and this past week is no different.
Every earnings season has a way of re-defining the current market leadership by either reaffirming its confidence in those sectors that led going into earnings season or by rapidly rotating into sectors where unexpectedly good business conditions weren't priced into the underlying stocks. As to the current earnings season, you just don't know how the Street is going to react to a stock when a company's results cross the tape.
A good example of this unpredictability occurred when the big banks kicked off the first-quarter reporting period, and all reported top- and bottom-line results that beat estimates, but their share prices still fell. Whether investors had priced in great earnings or fear arose that an inverted yield curve could pinch margins, no one knows, but the stocks clearly have underperformed on what was seemingly excellent news.
Click here to read the rest of the article, “Rough Ride Through the Earnings Mine Field.“
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — The Latest on the death of the mans who authorities said was the mastermind behind a deadly 2012 house explosion in Indianapolis (all times local):
4:35 p.m.
An Indiana Department of Correction spokesman says a man convicted in connection with a deadly Indianapolis house explosion died of natural causes.
Department spokesman Doug Harrison confirmed the cause of death for 48-year-old Mark Leonard on Tuesday afternoon.
Harrison says Leonard died at an Indianapolis hospital after being transferred from the Wabash Valley Correction Facility in southwestern Indiana. The department initially said he was found dead at the prison, but later clarified he died at the hospital.
An autopsy was planned Wednesday.
Leonard was serving two life sentences without parole, plus 75 years, for the November 2012 natural gas explosion that destroyed his then-girlfriend's home and killed two next-door neighbors.
___
3:36 p.m.
An Indiana Department of Correction spokesman says a man convicted in connection with a deadly Indianapolis house explosion has been found dead.
Department spokesman Doug Harrison says 48-year-old Mark Leonard died Tuesday morning at an Indianapolis hospital. Garrison says the cause of death wasn't immediately known.
Leonard was convicted in 2015 of murder, arson and conspiracy to commit insurance fraud in the November 2012 natural gas explosion that destroyed his then-girlfriend's home and killed two next-door neighbors. That blast damaged or destroyed more than 80 homes on Indianapolis' south side.
Leonard received two life sentences without parole, plus 75 years.
Leonard also was sentenced to an additional 50 years in February 2017 for trying to have a witness killed.
___
This story has been corrected to show Leonard died at an Indianapolis hospital, not in prison.
A former Niagara man, convicted of raping and sodomizing his three children, has been declared a dangerous offender and will be jailed indefinitely.
"I find that there is no concrete plan before the court to satisfy my that (the offender's) risk could be managed once he is released from prison," Judge Linda Walters said Monday in a Superior Court of Justice in St. Catharines.
The judge said the 47-year-old man, who cannot be named in order to protect the identity of his victims, would pose a serious threat to other persons, particularly young children.
In a written decision, the judge called the man's actions "horrific, disgusting and inhumane."
"I have no difficulty in finding that it constitutes brutality," Walters said. "I do not need an expert to describe to me the meaning of brutality.
"Having full sexual intercourse with your nine-year-old child, continually forcing anal intercourse on her and the other children, duct taping arms and mouth is brutal."
In a victim impact statement, one of the victims said he continues to struggle with the effects of the abuse.
“Sometimes I have nightmares that bring me back to when I was younger. I feel so torn up inside. It hurts to think and I feel empty, even with all the support we've received.”
Another victim wrote: “If words could describe the pain he's caused, I could surely write a book...if words could describe the evil he's done. He treated our hearts and souls like they were cheap dollar store toys.”
Prior to being declared a dangerous offender, the defendant stood in the prisoner's box and apologized.
He described himself as a “demented coward” who failed to see his own children as human beings.
“I have no one to blame but myself,” he said, his voice cracking with emotion.
The former St. Catharines resident was convicted in November 2015 of 18 counts of physical and sexual-abuse related offences including incest.
One daughter testified the abuse began when she was seven or eight after her father showed her a pornographic film of a man abusing a child.
He told her, “This is how a father acts with his children.”
The man also coerced his son, then nine, to sexually assault his seven-year-old sister. He told the children “it was normal between brothers and sisters.”
The judge said the "factual underpinnings for these convictions are horrific."
Assistant Crown attorney Holly Nickel had said a dangerous offender designation was the only appropriate outcome as the man's behaviour is "a threat to the life, safety or physical and mental well-being of others persons."
Defence lawyer Norm Williams suggested a long-term offender designation would suffice because his client could be successfully monitored within the community.
He said the man is willing to take whatever treatment is necessary, such as medication to reduce his sex drive, in order to control his sexual appetite.
Two forensic psychiatrists who testified at the dangerous offender hearing said pedophilia is a lifelong condition with no cure and that research has shown therapy is generally not effective.
One doctor who examined the defendant testified the man derived pleasure from inflicting pain and humiliating his sexual partners.
He called the man's conduct "intrusive, protracted, coercive, physically harmful, callous, at times cruel, injurious and overshadowed by sadistic tones." Overall, he found the man's risk to those underage to be in the high range.
If a court rules a person a dangerous offender, they could be sentenced to jail for an indefinite period. Offenders can also be named long-term offenders, which means they could be sentenced to jail for two years or more and then be placed on a supervision order for up to 10 years.
The law is intended to protect the public from the most dangerous violent and sexual predators.
HONOLULU (AP) — Hawaii officials are advising more residents of a rural Big Island district to evacuate because of approaching lava from Kilauea volcano.
Hawaii County Civil Defense said Wednesday lava from fissures continues to advance toward subdivisions in the Puna district. Officials say those in Kapoho Beach Lots and Vacationland are at risk of being isolated if lava crosses a road.
The Hawaiian Volcano Observatory says vigorous eruption continues from a series of vents that began opening earlier this month. Lava has crossed a key highway that connects the commercial center of Pahoa with Leilani Estates, where the eruption began.
Residents of Leilani Estates and nearby areas have previously been ordered to evacuate.
Central Beds Council came under fire for years of inaction over the Greenacres and The Stables travellers sites in Little Billington at last Tuesday's Executive meeting.
Frustrated villagers say their complaints about anti-social behaviour by the travellers have been ignored by the authority, leading the situation to spiral out of control and leaving CBC to now formulate its plan to spend a whopping £9m to rectify the problems.
CBC has put its proposal to acquire both sites and establish a replacement council-owned and managed gypsy and traveller site on hold while it gives the travellers the chance to turn over a new leaf.
Little Billington resident Mr Barr told councillors that Billington Parish Council and residents of Little Billington, Billington and Slapton had all highlighted concerns about travellers' behaviour before, but said nothing was done.
He said a consequence of this were the council's proposals to spend an “obscene” amount of money, but he said it was impossible to support the idea of a replacement site without knowing where it might be put.
Mr Barr added: “I am really not interested on what happens on the traveller sites. They are entitled to their privacy in their own homes.
“The unsocial behaviour we are concerned about is what happens off the sites - verbal abuse, threats of violence, speeding and the rubbish.
“How are you going to address these problems. If you do have the ability, why wait until the new site is built.
“The time to start was 10 years ago, so how are you going to solve the problems of anti-social behaviour?”
Another villager, Mr Swain, continued the attack on CBC, and said both himself and Mr Barr had suffered air gun pellets being fired through their lounge windows.
He said: “I don't think you fully appreciate the damage that your policy of locating 50% of the entire traveller population in Beds within a few miles of Little Billington has had. We are minority. We are outnumbered two to one. The idea of spending millions of pounds on improving living conditions of travelleers is offensive to local people.
“Toddbury Farm doesn't exist in this report. It's had a murder and anti-social behaviour, but the report has ignored it as if it wasn't there.
“There is nothing in this plan that you are going to reduce the traveller population in this area. A new facility at Little Billington would be the obvious place to expand and that would be even worst for us.”
Billington Parish Council chairman Helen Thompson said she was dismayed that the consultation had offered up no other potential sites beyond the village.
She said: “£9m on travellers who make demands on our services yet contribute little.”
She described the money as a “colossal sum” but said it could be a good investment when it was reported the first slavery raid on the site had cost £1m alone.”
She added that Billington Parish Council had provided detailed and photographic evidence about activities at the site, but had “there veracity questioned and denied” by CBC.
“Until recently Billington Parish Council has been regarded as an irritating nuisance who would not go away,” said. “We refused to be patronised into believing that history and tradition alone were the root causes for the appalling behaviour we experienced.”
She said parish council was prepared to grant the travellers time to fall into line but said: “To date there is nothing to suggest that the majority of travellers are even ready to recognise the need for change when only 17 responded to the consultation. So please forgive my scepticism.
“We have been waiting a very long time for CBC to show strong leadership and our patience is almost exhausted. However we will work with you to allow for this opportunity for change but this must have a strict timeline with measurable progress checked at regular intervals.
“The people of Little Billington are overwhelmed by the number of travellers in their village. If you can sense desperation in that word you are finally beginning to have some understanding how villagers feel.”
Cllr Ian Dalgarno told the meeting that potential land for a new site had yet to be decided. Regarding including Toddbury Farm in the process, he said: “We approved their planning application and we can enforce conditions on there. Greenacres was approved by the Planning Inspectorate and we don't have the level of authority to take actions we would like to.”
Cllr Briar Spurr said: “We must do something even though £9m is an obscene amount of money. The first thing I'd like to see is some effect on the anti-social behaviour that is around there and does come from those sites.
“I had a report that horses have been released again on to a field that was growing turf. You try selling turf with horses feet in it. That was by cutting the fence and it wasn't the first time. It was the 50th or 60th time.”
> ‘Carrot and stick' approach agreed to address controversial Greenacres travellers' site
Rock superstars Queen with frontman Adam Lambert will rock the UK with dates including Leeds and Sheffield Arenas, it was announced today.
As part of a 24-date European tour they play Leeds, First Direct Arena on Tuesday, December 6 and Sheffield Arena on Friday, December 8.
The tour will showcase a spectacular new stage production and a set list, which the band hints will provide some surprises.
It is expected the set list will pay tribute to the 40th anniversary this year of Queen's biggest-selling studio album, 1977's News of the World - which yielded the immortal anthems We Will Rock You and We Are the Champions.
The shows will mark the band's first full British tour in almost three years, having last performed across the UK in January 2015 when they played 10 sold out shows.
For their 2017 tour, the band will unveil a brand-new show including a specially designed state-of-the-art production.
Queen drummer and co-founder Roger Taylor insists the 2017 today said the tour “will look entirely different to the show we took around before".
He said: "Production has really changed a lot, the things you can do now, you have a much broader palette, the technology has really come along. But we don't use it all. We don't play to click track. It's 100% live. We're planning on doing stuff we either haven't done before or haven't done for a long time. We started as an albums band, that's what we were. The fact that we had hits was just a byproduct.”
Guitarist Brian May confirms Queen's 2017 shows will have a more ambitious musical agenda.
He said: “The general public knows the hits, so you've got to cater for that, but we can chuck in a few things that people really don't expect. We'll do quite a bit more of that this time around. There are so many dimensions to Adam, which of course fits with our music. He can get down and do the rock stuff really dirty, and you have all those dimensions, and we can explore that even more.”
We Will Rock You...Queen and Adam Lambert announce UK tour.
Adam Lambert welcomes the challenge of digging deeper into the band's canon of classics.
He said: “What people should know if they came to the shows a couple of years back, is obviously we will still be playing the big hit songs you know and love from Queen, but we thought it would be good to challenge ourselves a bit.
“Change it up a little bit, change the visuals, change all the technology, change the set list to some degree. We will probably be pulling some other songs out of the Queen catalogue which we haven't done before, which I am very excited about.”
Today's announcement comes just weeks after details emerged of a 26-date summer tour of North America. The band will now return to Europe later this year for a series of 24 dates.
Queen with Adam Lambert to playLeeds, First Direct Arenaon Tuesday, December 6 andSheffieldArenaonFriday, December 8, 2017.
Their only UK appearance in 2016 was a one-off headlining set at the closing night of the Isle of Wight Festival, part of a 15-date European summer festival tour. Isle of Wight festival organiser John Giddings credited the band with “the greatest show we have ever had”.
* Tickets for the Sheffield Arena show go on general sale at 10am on Friday (April 21), priced £88.48 and £77.28. Buy in person, visit www.sheffieldarena.co.uk or call the box office on 0114 256 5656.
Queen + Adam Lambert Tour Dates 2017
EUROPE
Wed 1st November Prague, Czech Republic, O2 Arena
Thu 2nd November Munich, Germany, Olympiahalle
Sat 4th November Budapest, Hungary, Sportarena
Mon 6th November Lodz, Poland, Atlas Arena
Wed 8th November Vienna, Austria, Stadhalle
Fri 10th November Bologna, Italy, Unipol Arena
Sun 12th November Luxembourg, Amneville Galaxie
Mon 13th November Amsterdam, Netherlands, Ziggo Dome
Fri 17th November Kaunas, Lithuania, Zalgiris Arena
UK & IRELAND
Sat 25th November Dublin, 3 Arena
Sun 26th November Belfast, SSE Arena
Tue 28th November Liverpool, Echo Arena
Thu 30th November Birmingham, Barclaycard Arena
Fri 1st December Newcastle, Metro Radio Arena
Sun 3rd December Glasgow, The SSE Hydro
Tue 5th December Nottingham Motorpoint Arena
Tue 6th December Leeds, First Direct Arena
Fri 8th December Sheffield Arena
Sat 9th December Manchester, Arena
Tues 12thDecember London, 02 Arenas
Fri 15th December London, The SSE Arena, Wembley
UK & Ireland Ticket Information
General admission standing: £69.00. Reserved seating: £79.00. VIP Packages available. Ticket purchases limited to six per person visit www.ticketmaster.co.uk and www.ticketmaster.ie
Feed Amino Acids Sales Market by product type, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate by 2022 – The Financial
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By Abby Hassler
Beyoncé and Jay-Z rule the musical world and are one the most famous couples on earth. Though the two have collaborated on multiple tracks, you've never heard them together quite like this.
Related: Beyoncé in Labor?
A 19-year-old producer, Amorphous, created a project he calls Bey-Z, which takes instrumentals from Jay-Z's musical catalog and infuses them with Beyoncé's killer vocals. The results are magical.
“I was playing one of Jay's tracks in the car,” Aamorphous told Complex, “and I started to sing ‘Formation' over the beat. I immediately rushed home as I knew that I had something interesting on my hands and got to working. I completed it in several minutes, adding some small production elements of my own… I [tried] to find songs that worked together lyrically in some aspects but truly complimented each other.”
Listen to a preview of “Bey-Z” below and check out the whole thing on Bandcamp.
Don't Conduct Census In 2018 – Dogara
The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Mr. Yakubu Dogara, warned on Monday that figures could be manipulated if a population census was conducted by Nigeria in 2018.
He stated that political interests would determine the outcome of the results, rather than the actual figures.
The Speaker argued that 2018 was too close to 2019, an election year, a reason he feared that politicians could hijack the exercise to their personal advantage.
He gave his opinion to counter the clamour by some groups for the census to be conducted in 2018.
Dogara, whose views were conveyed in a statement in Abuja by his Special Adviser on Media and Public Affairs, Mr. Turaki Hassan, suggested instead that the census should be conducted in 2017, two years to the general elections.
Part of the statement read, “I won't advise anyone to conduct national census in 2018. I said it before that if we are not going to achieve it in 2017, then we should just forget it until after 2019.
“If you conduct census just before the elections, there will be so much pressure, crises and a lure for people to manipulate the figures for political reasons, such that the agency cannot even cope with.
“So, it is better for a fresh administration to conduct this exercise from the beginning of that administration when we do not have any pressure of elections in sight.
“Then we may have something that resembles reality, but I can bet on it that if the census is conducted in 2018, the outcome will be unreliable.
“Seriously speaking, because I know who we are and I know the kind of litigation, backlash and the pressure that come with this kind of exercise and we don't need that now to be candid.
“We have so many challenges; let's empower the agency to keep building on the blocks that it will leverage upon in the future in order to conduct the exercise but doing it in 2018, honestly, it is nothing I would advocate.”
__________
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2017 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Don't Conduct Census In 2018 – Dogara appeared first on SIGNAL.
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LONDON (AP) — Here are words millions of readers have waited many years to hear: Lyra Belacqua, and her daemon, are back.
The irrepressible young heroine of Philip Pullman's fantasy trilogy "His Dark Materials" returns in a new novel being published in Britain and the U.S. on Oct. 19, the first part of a new three-book series collectively entitled "The Book of Dust."
For readers and booksellers, this is news to rival the discovery of a new Harry Potter story. "His Dark Materials" has sold more than 17.5 million copies around the world. It spawned a Hollywood movie, "The Golden Compass," and a hit stage adaptation.
Published between 1995 and 2000, the first three novels — "Northern Lights," ''The Subtle Knife" and "The Amber Spyglass" — took Lyra from her home at Oxford University's ancient Jordan College to the North Pole and into parallel worlds on a twisting, hazardous quest. (The first book was retitled "The Golden Compass" in North America).
In Lyra's intriguingly unfamiliar world, Victorian-style technology mixes with advanced science and society is overshadowed by an oppressive religious hierarchy known as the Magisterium. Humans live alongside witches and armored polar bears, and every person is accompanied by an animal companion known as a daemon (pronounced demon) — essentially their soul made flesh.
Yet the 70-year-old Pullman hesitates to call his books fantasy.
"I prefer to think I am writing realism," he said. "I'm writing realism about a different place."
Speaking to The Associated Press from his home in Oxford, Pullman scrupulously guards the secrets of the new book. Even its title has yet to be disclosed.
The new book begins a decade before the start of the original trilogy, but Pullman says is not a prequel. Nor is it a sequel. Pullman prefers to call it an "equel," or companion story.
"The first part will deal with something that happened when Lyra was less than 1 year old," he said. "So in that sense she's the center of the story, but she's not actually an agent in the story. She is acted upon, so to speak, by other people who are very important.
"The second part, which will come out later, will deal with events when Lyra is about 20."
There's a new hero — a boy readers have encountered before "if we were paying attention" — and "a terrifying adventure that takes him into a new world." Multiple worlds abound in Pullman's complex, philosophically rich fictional multiverse.
And Pullman says we will learn a lot more about the nature of Dust, a mysterious substance loathed by the religious authorities in "His Dark Materials."
"The Book of Dust," published in the U.S. by Random House Children's and in the U.K. by Penguin Random House Children's and David Fickling Books, is likely to be one of the autumn's biggest sellers.
James Daunt, managing director of Britain's Waterstone's book store chain, says Pullman ranks with J.K. Rowling in his impact on publishing and reading.
Daunt said a generation of young readers "read first Harry Potter, then the complex, gripping and provocative 'His Dark Materials.'"
"Other books, other authors make claims and bring huge rewards, but these two imprint on everyone who calls themselves a reader," Daunt said.
For fans, the mischievous Lyra is one of fiction's great child characters, up there with Mark Twain's Huckleberry Finn and Scout Finch from Harper Lee's "To Kill a Mockingbird."
Pullman calls her "this awkward, difficult, prying, nosy, lying, greedy, untrustworthy child."
"She's not a special child," he said. "She's not divinely gifted or anything like that. But she does have certain characteristics that lead her into trouble and which help her get out of trouble."
Some critics have ranked Pullman's trilogy alongside J.R.R. Tolkien's fantasy saga "The Lord of the Rings," though he doesn't particularly like the comparison.
In Tolkien's Middle Earth, he says, "what's good is good and what's bad is bad and there isn't very much discussion about it."
Pullman prefers fantasy which wrestles with moral ambiguity and has "one foot firmly in this world."
He is also often contrasted with C.S. Lewis, whose saga "The Chronicles of Narnia" has large doses of Christian allegory.
Pullman has called himself an atheist, and some Christian groups have objected to his negative depiction of organized religion. "His Dark Materials" has been pulled from some Catholic school library shelves in Canada and the United States over the years.
Pullman says he thinks most objections to his books come from people who haven't read them. "His Dark Materials" took its title form John Milton's biblical epic poem "Paradise Lost," and Pullman's saga has a searching spirituality running alongside its mistrust of organized religion.
He says "The Book of Dust" centers on "the struggle between a despotic and totalitarian organization, which wants to stifle speculation and inquiry, and those who believe thought and speech should be free."
Global events make that a more pressing and urgent struggle than ever. Pullman says he doesn't try to draw overt parallels with the real world, but "they are always present in my mind."
"Why do we vote into power people who seem to have the interests of themselves and other large, powerful people in mind rather than ours?" he said. "Why do we vote to do something so obviously self-destructive as leaving the European Union?
"I might not be writing about Donald Trump or Brexit or Nigel Farage directly in 'The Book of Dust,'" he added, but the "questions they pose and the situations they set up are very much part of the world that I'm writing about."
___
Follow Jill Lawless on Twitter at http://Twitter.com/JillLawless
Remington LVSF Takeoff stock Remington SA RH LVSF takeoff stock. Good condition. Minor use wear. Speed bumps ground off. Never bedded. Bipod NOT included. $140.00 Shipped. Thanks Neal Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
President Donald Trump like other Americans is supposed to file his taxes by Tuesday's deadline, but that doesn't mean the public will get to see his elusive returns.
Trump was the first presidential candidate in more than 40 years to refuse to release his tax returns, and there's no indication he will do so as president.
Two days after thousands of people protested around the country to demand that Trump release his taxes, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said in today's press briefing that the president will not be releasing his 2016 returns, saying – without explanation – that the 2016 returns are “under the same audit that existed.”
“They are [under audit]. I think it's been covered before. It was the same thing that was discussed during the campaign trail,” Spicer said .
Asked by ABC News Chief White House Correspondent Jonathan Karl if Trump plans to ever release his tax returns, Spicer responded that he would get back to him with an answer.
Trump was under no legal requirement to release his returns as a candidate, and experts said the same is true for him as president.
"I know of no law that requires President Trump to disclose his tax returns and I have seen no action that indicates he will do so," Kenneth Gross, an expert on laws on political activity, told ABC News.
That view was echoed by journalist and author David Cay Johnston, whose books include "The Making of Donald Trump."
Trump could release all of his tax returns but will "never" do so, said Johnston, the founder of DCreport.org, a nonprofit news service.
“There is no law of any kind that prevents the president from releasing all of his tax returns as, for example, Bill and Hillary Clinton have since the 1970s,” Johnston told ABC News today. “Based on my experience -- my nearly 30 years of experience with Trump -- he will never voluntarily release his tax returns,” he said.
Johnston was the reporter who obtained what are purportedly the first two pages of Trump's 2005 federal tax return and made them public in March.
He said Congress could force the issue.
“Congress can make these returns public,” Johnston said, pointing to the Joint Committee on Taxation as the vehicle that could take action. “They have experts, they can get these returns, they can hold hearings on them.”
Trump's taxes and IRS audits
Trump claimed during the presidential campaign that he could not release his tax returns because they were being audited by the IRS.
In a letter released by Trump's presidential campaign in March 2016, two of the then-candidate's lawyers wrote that his personal tax returns had "been under continuous examination by the Internal Revenue Service since 2002, consistent with the IRS's practice for large and complex businesses ... Examinations for returns for the 2009 year and forward are ongoing," the letter said.
The letter went on to say that the audits for the years 2002 through 2008 had been closed. Despite that admission, Trump and his team continued to say that his taxes were under audit throughout the campaign.
Trump could still release his returns if they are under audit, regardless of which years may still be under IRS review, , according to the IRS.
"Nothing prevents individuals from sharing their own tax information," the IRS told ABC News, speaking generally because it said federal privacy rules prohibit it from discussing any individual's tax matters.
When asked specifically about Trump's various years of returns, the tax agency responded, "The IRS stresses that audits of tax returns are based on the information contained on the taxpayer's return and the underlying tax law – nothing else. The audit process is handled by career, nonpartisan civil servants, and we have processes in place to safeguard the exam process." the statement reads.
Beyond Trump's past tax returns, the law requires an IRS audit of every president and vice president's tax returns beginning for the year in which they are inaugurated, which means the automatic audit would apply to Trump's 2017 taxes, to be filed next year, not to his 2016 taxes, due Tuesday.
"The requirement for mandatory audits of the tax returns of the president and vice president dates back to the Watergate era in the 1970s," the IRS said in a statement to ABC News.
'People didn't care'
Some states have considered requiring future presidential candidates to release their tax returns to get on the election ballot, but none have moved yet to do that.
"No state has passed such a law, and it is not clear such a law would pass judicial scrutiny,” Gross, the expert on political law, said.
Trump's White House team has meanwhile suggested that the president has no plans to release his returns even when any audits end.
When White House press secretary Sean Spicer was asked during a March 31 press briefing if Trump would be releasing his returns for fiscal year 2016, Spicer said he didn't know.
Previously, on Jan. 22, two days after the inauguration, counselor to the president Kellyanne Conway told ABC News that about a petition circulating at the time on the issue, "The White House response is that he's not going to release his tax returns."
"We litigated this all through the election. People didn't care. They voted for him, and let me make this very clear: most Americans are, are very focused on what their tax returns will look like while President Trump is in office, not what his look like," she said.
An ABC News/Washington Post poll from around that time found that 74 percent of Americans said President Trump should release his tax returns, including 49 percent of his supporters, 94 percent of those who had supported his campaign rival, Hillary Clinton, and 83 percent of those who preferred either another candidate or none.
MADRID (AP) — Girona avoided conceding late this time, holding on to beat Catalan rival Espanyol 1-0 in the Spanish league on Monday.
After allowing injury-time goals in its last two league matches, Girona closed out the game at Espanyol to halt a four-game winless streak in all competitions.
David Timor scored in the first top-flight meeting between the Catalan clubs just before halftime at RCDE Stadium in Barcelona, moving Girona to ninth place.
It was the fourth loss in five league matches for Espanyol, which dropped to 16th in the 20-team standings, near the relegation zone.
"We started well but in the end it was another loss," Espanyol goalkeeper Pau Lopez said. "It has been a very bad season so far."
Girona conceded injury-time goals in a draw at Real Betis two weeks ago, and in a loss against Alaves last week.
___
More AP Spanish soccer coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/LaLiga
HAMDEN, Conn. (AP) — A dean from UCLA has been appointed the next president of Quinnipiac University in Connecticut.
Judy Olian, who currently serves as dean of UCLA's Anderson School of Management, will become Quinnipiac's first female president when she takes over for John Lahey, who will retire at the end of June.
Olian's appointment was announced Monday by William Weldon, the chairman of Quinnipiac's Board of Trustees, nine months after the private school launched a nationwide search for Lahey's successor.
"We are confident she will build on the university's current momentum and strong foundation and will lead Quinnipiac to further impact and national recognition," Weldon said.
Olian has served as dean at the Anderson School of Management since 2006. She is credited with raising more than $400 million for student and faculty support at the school. She previously served as dean and professor of management at Penn State and professor and senior associate dean at the University of Maryland.
"I'm attracted to the purpose and mission of Quinnipiac, and its comfort in leading change," Olian said. "I've seen a remarkable trajectory of growth in this university. I am eager to partner across the community in building on that."
In addition to her academic duties directing UCLA's graduate business school, Olian also has written a weekly syndicated newspaper column and hosted a monthly television show on current topics in business.
Lahey has led the school since 1987 as it grew from a small college into a university of nearly 10,000 students on three campuses. The number of graduate students has grown from 106 to almost 3,000 as the school established several new departments including a school of medicine, a school of law and a school of engineering.
The university now awards 2,600 degrees annually, compared to only 575 when Lahey arrived 31 years ago.
He also oversaw the transition from Division II athletics to Division I.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
“I was a wreck,” she said.
Still, she hesitated when her friend suggested she take the document down.
“I felt really conflicted, because I could see what was going on that spreadsheet was incredibly valuable to the people who were using it,” Ms. Donegan said.
She finally decided to take the document down about 12 hours after she had created it, but only after getting a text message that BuzzFeed was planning to post an article about it.
By then, the list had grown to include the names of more than 70 men, along with thumbnail descriptions of their alleged misconduct. The names of 14 men accused of “physical sexual violence by multiple women” were highlighted in red, to distinguish them from men who were said to have committed lesser offenses like flirting aggressively or sending inappropriate direct messages to women on Twitter.
We Want to Hear From You We'd like to hear from readers who have seen institutions and organizations develop novel responses to sexual harassment after #MeToo. Required fields are marked with an asterisk. Please name the settings where you have seen changes. * What changes have you noticed? Please be as specific as possible. * You have 250 words left. Continue We're very interested in the role that non-disclosure agreements, settlements and human resources executives play. What changes, if any, have you seen in those areas? You have 250 words left. Have you seen rising concern about harassment affect other gender issues, like hiring or promotion, pay equity or others? If so, tell us about it. You have 250 words left. Is there a harassment case in your community or workplace that has been difficult to resolve? Or is there a case that was taken more seriously because of increased emphasis on this issue? Tell us about it. You have 250 words left. What is your name? * First and last preferred, but we won't use it without checking with you first. Where do you live? * City and state or city and country preferred, please. What industry do you work in? * What is your email address? * We will not publish your email address. It will be used only by our journalists to contact you. By submitting to us, you are promising that the content is original, does not plagiarize from anyone or infringe a copyright or trademark, does not violate anyone's rights and is not libelous or otherwise unlawful or misleading. You are agreeing that we can use your submission in all manner and media of The New York Times and that we shall have the right to authorize third parties to do so. And you agree to our Terms of Service. Thank you for your submission.
Although the spreadsheet was no longer live, it was not gone. Recipients had downloaded it in the form of PDFs or had taken screenshots of it, and it lived on through forwarded emails.
The BuzzFeed article, which did not identify Ms. Donegan as the document's creator, was posted the morning after she made the list inactive. The article, written by Doree Shafrir, explained how the spreadsheet worked, described the range of claims it included and noted the potential pitfalls of “lumping all of this behavior together in a big anonymous spreadsheet of unsubstantiated allegations against dozens of named men — who were not given the chance to respond.”
Video
Believers in the spreadsheet's mission kicked off months of “media men”-related debate on social media by attacking Ms. Shafrir for writing an article that, in their view, was not sufficiently supportive of women working in journalism. She countered with a message on Twitter that accused the list's makers of having deleted the name of someone who had behaved inappropriately toward her. “How is that solidarity?” Ms. Shafrir wrote.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In The Washington Post on Oct. 12, the opinion columnist Molly Roberts argued that BuzzFeed had been irresponsible in publishing the article, partly because the spreadsheet “was not supposed to be distributed to employers so they could summarily fire anyone who appeared on it. No such thing would ever happen anyway.”
But media organizations like BuzzFeed, Mother Jones, The New York Times and Riverhead Books — each of which had more than one current or former employee named on the list — started investigations soon after becoming aware of it.
Of the men named on the list, seven ended up losing their jobs or having significant professional setbacks before the year was out. (Others who lost jobs after complaints of inappropriate workplace behavior — including Michael Oreskes of National Public Radio, a former reporter and editor at The Times, and Mike Germano of Vice Media, to name two —were not named on the list and became subjects of company investigations after allegations against them appeared in The Times, The Post and other publications.)
The GQ political correspondent Rupert Myers was the first one man identified on the list to lose his job, about a week after the spreadsheet went live. Five days later, Leon Wieseltier, the former literary editor at The New Republic, apologized for his “offenses against some of my colleagues in the past,” and a new magazine he was editing under the auspices of the Emerson Collective, an organization run by Laurene Powell Jobs, was canceled. Soon afterward, the list claimed another high-ranking New Republic figure, the magazine's president and publisher, Hamilton Fish, who resigned on Nov. 3.
Lorin Stein, the editor of The Paris Review, informed the magazine's board that he had been named. After an investigation conducted by the law firm Debevoise & Plimpton, he resigned on Dec. 6. The next week, The New Yorker said it had parted ways with its Washington correspondent, Ryan Lizza. (CNN put Mr. Lizza on leave from his job there as a commentator, reinstating him the next month, after a company investigation “found no reason” to keep him off the air.)
The list was still having an impact in late December, when BuzzFeed fired Adrian Carrasquillo, a White House correspondent, and the National Geographic did the same with the photojournalist Patrick Witty (who has also worked for The Times).
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Witty, in a written statement, denied the accusations against him, although he acknowledged that he might have acted inappropriately. “I am saddened to think that I in any way have contributed to or reinforced the imbalance of power between men and women in my industry,” he said.
The rest of those named on the list who lost jobs declined to comment.
Some of the men whose names appeared on the document but did not end up suspended or fired said the list had nonetheless affected their professional and personal lives.
“It's so naïve to think that just because no one has spoken out, that means that there aren't any false accusations,” said a man who agreed to discuss the document only if his name was not used, because he did not want to draw further attention to his appearance on the list. “It just means that the men that have been falsely accused are petrified.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. Donegan said she was not aware of any false accusations and believed that the document's disclaimer was sufficient in expressing reasonable doubt.
On the surface, the list did not to raise any legal issues, according to David A. Schulz, a First Amendment lawyer who is a lecturer at Yale Law School and has represented The Times. Ms. Donegan, he said, “has a right to collect information and organize it in a useful way.” Those who contributed to the document would be at risk only if someone named on the list sued for libel, he added.
Photo
“The question is if there is specific information that shouldn't be in there and is false, in which case there may be liability against certain people for certain things,” Mr. Schulz said.
As the list gave rise to a steady stream of essays and social-media arguments, Ms. Donegan was lying low, worried, she said, that she would be identified as the document's creator on someone else's terms. She tried to distract herself by working on writing projects, including an essay detailing why she had started the list in the first place.
Early in January, a fact checker at Harper's Magazine contacted Ms. Donegan by email, saying that the journalist Katie Roiphe was interested in naming her “as a woman widely believed” to be a creator of the spreadsheet in an upcoming article. Word spread about the fact checker's inquiry when Dayna Tortorici, the editor of the Brooklyn literary magazine n+1, wrote on Twitter that “a legacy print magazine is planning to publish a piece ‘outing' the woman.”
As part of a pre-emptive Twitter campaign against the Harper's article, the writer Roxane Gay argued that the public identification of those behind the list “would risk these women's lives.” Others expressed a fear that the list's creator could be a target for “doxxing”: having her personal information, like her address, maliciously publicized online without her consent.
Ms. Donegan kept working on the essay in which she would reveal herself as the document's creator.
“All of this attention being paid to the question of my identity made it seem inevitable that my identity was going to be revealed, maybe even sooner than when the Harper's piece was published,” she said. “So I was really racing against the clock to get a lot of factors in place.”
New York magazine's The Cut published her essay on Jan. 10. In it, Ms. Donegan wrote that she was proud of her work, while acknowledging the flaws pointed out by critics of the list.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I can't pretend that the spreadsheet didn't frighten me,” she wrote. “As the stories accumulated and it became clear that many, many more women were using the document than I had ever imagined, I realized that I had created something that had grown rapidly beyond my control.”
Ms. Donegan said that before going public, she had taken steps to protect her own digital security as well her family's. She declined to comment on whether any of the men on the list had contacted her.
The debate flared up again after her essay was published, with the New York magazine columnist Andrew Sullivan likening the spreadsheet's creation to an act of McCarthyism. In a piece for Shondaland.com, a website founded by the television producer Shonda Rhimes, Glynnis MacNicol wrote that the list had forced her to reconsider uncomfortable experiences with men that she had endured almost unthinkingly throughout her media career. “By tolerating and surviving and succeeding, had I also been complicit?” she wrote. “I felt like I'd woken up and found myself on the wrong team. It was not pleasant.”
The author and former Los Angeles Times columnist Meghan Daum called the list “an ethical and legal morass” in a Twitter post on Jan. 10, but she said in a more recent interview that a generational divide might figure in perceptions of Ms. Donegan's work. “I was opposed to it and appalled,” said Ms. Daum, 47. “But at the same time, I think there's a level where it's none of my business. Maybe it's time for Gen-Xers and baby boomers to step aside and let the younger generation sort out their own rules.”
After months of debate, Ms. Donegan has not wavered. “What it was motivated by was a desire to make the world a little more fair and to even the playing field for women who are especially vulnerable,” she said.
Like so many big ideas, Ms. Donegan's spreadsheet has given way to sequels. An anonymously created email list called CanLit Janitors started circulating in October to alert women in the Canadian literary community to male writers and editors who were said to have behaved inappropriately. And an anonymous spreadsheet called TV Writers Salary began making the online rounds in January with the aim of exposing the differences in pay between men and women in the television business.
