After Nintendo's outstanding success of the NES and SNES Classic Mini consoles, everybody is looking to get in on the act.
The current wave of interest in nostalgic gaming will continue with a smaller, title-laden Sega MegaDrive this year. And we've already had The C64 Mini released in recent times.
Then, of course, there is the Atari VCS retro console/media streamer that is now available for pre-order. Basically, if you are a lover of classic games there has rarely been a better time to sate that passion.
Now PlayStation wants a slice of pie too. Sony Interactive Entertainment CEO, John Kodera, has confirmed that the company is also looking to release a retro games console - possibly even this year: "We are constantly digging up past assets. I think there are various ways to go about it. There have been discussions happening internally on the best ways to make it happen," he told Japanese blog Mantan Web.
It is thought he is referring to a reissued PSOne, possibly called the PSOne Classic Edition.
Plans are currently circulating internally only and there is no word yet on whether the machine will come pre-loaded with a set number of games or if it would connect to the internet and give you access to a larger library of original PlayStation classics. Either way, it will be of some interest we feel.
There are plenty of PS2 games available on the PlayStation Store to play on PS4, but no PSOne titles. We'd love to see the original WipEout, for example, Destruction Derby, Grand Theft Auto 2 and/or PaRappa the Rapper follow-up Um Jammer Lammy.
Give us those and we'll be very happy indeed. Who knows, we might even find out more at E3 2018 in a couple of weeks.
On Saturday, April 29, Champaign County Right to Life will hold its annual Simon Kenton Pro-Life 5K Run, Walk, and Cycle event. To pre-register, access http://runsignup.com/Race/OH/Urbana, or call 937 653-6745. Starting point is the Depot Coffee House at 644 Miami St., and the route follows the Simon Kenton Trail. Registration begins at 8 a.m. The 5-K Run begins at 9 a.m., and the Walk and Cycle events begin at 10 a.m. T-shirts, medals and prizes will be available.
Proceeds benefit the Pro-Woman/Pro-Life Educational Fund of CCRTL, a 501(c) 3 non-profit charitable organization, which seeks to educate pregnant women on life issues and to promote the sanctity of human life and alternatives to abortion. The latest figure for Champaign County abortions (2015) was 38.
The Pro-Life/Pro-Woman Educational Fund is primarily used for billboard advertising, newsletters, and support for the local Crisis Pregnancy Center. It is also used to help relieve financially stressed new mothers.
Submitted story
Submitted by Champaign County Right to Life.
Submitted by Champaign County Right to Life.
China has repeatedly reiterated its call on the parties involved to consider Beijing-Moscow plan aimed at settling the conflict, which stipulates the simultaneous halt of the US-South Korean war games and North Korea nuclear tests.
"Yet another military exercise, carried out by the United States, Japan and South Korea under the current circumstances on the Korean peninsula, is noteworthy. The situation on the Korean peninsula is in a vicious circle of constant confrontation. This does not contribute to security and stability in the region. If this vicious cycle leads to chaos or even war on the Korean peninsula, then this will not definitely be in anybody's interests," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang has stated.
Beijing has called on all involved countries to comply with the UN Security Council resolutions on North Korea and exert more efforts aimed at ensuring peace and stability in the region, as well as bring the sides to the negotiation table instead of escalating the situation.
READ MORE: 'China Can Do More': US Prodding Beijing to Get Tough on North Korea
Last week, the Japanese and South Korean Defense Ministry announced that the two countries would hold two-day navy drills jointly with the United States starting on Monday in the light of the latest developments in the region.
According to the press release, the sides will train in exchange of information in case of a ballistic missile launch. The Japan Maritime Self-Defense Forces noted that the drills conducted by the three countries will become the sixth ones of such kind.
The drills, which involve US Arleigh Burke-class destroyers USS Stethem, South Korea's navy destroyer Ryu Seong-Ryong (DDG 993), as well as Japan's Kongō-class guided missile destroyer Choukai, come less than two weeks after North Korea launched its Hwasong-15 intercontinental ballistic missile reportedly capable of traveling some 8,000 miles and reaching Washington DC.
China has repeatedly reiterated its call on the parties involved to consider Beijing-Moscow so-called "double freeze" plan aimed at settling the conflict, which stipulates the simultaneous halt of the US-South Korean war games and North Korea nuclear tests. The proposal, which according to Moscow "is still on the table," has so far been rejected by Washington.
If you've noticed higher blood sugar levels shortly before or during your period, or if your blood sugars are bouncing up and down as you approach menopause, join the club. Diabetes and your menstrual cycle are closely intertwined, thanks to fluctuating levels of hormones. In fact, if you're a woman who has diabetes or who is at risk of diabetes, brace yourself for a somewhat bumpy ride as you navigate your menstrual cycle over the course of your life. The good news? There are steps you can take to help ensure smooth sailing.
Hormones 101
Two main hormones regulate your menstrual cycle: estrogen and progesterone. These two hormones are secreted by the ovaries. Estrogen thickens the lining of the uterus in preparation for a possible pregnancy. It has other functions, too, such as regulating bone and vaginal health. Progesterone is also needed to prepare the uterus for pregnancy, and it helps to maintain the lining of the uterus throughout pregnancy. These hormones can affect how your body responds to insulin, and are responsible for the blood sugar ups and downs that you may notice at different times of the month, or when you are nearing or in menopause.
Advertisement
Premenstrual syndrome (PMS)
As you approach “that time of the month,” you might experience premenstrual syndrome, or PMS. PMS starts about one to two weeks before your period. It affects about 90% of women at some point in their lives, bringing a combination of physical, emotional, and psychological factors with it. Symptoms include irritability, mood swings, depression, fatigue, bloating, breast tenderness, and food cravings.
PMS is likely caused by changes in hormone levels, as well as chemical changes in the brain. Both can, in turn, cause erratic blood sugars. In addition, changes in appetite, food cravings, and feelings of fatigue can make it more likely that you stray from your eating and exercise plans.
What you can do:
• The severity of PMS can vary from woman to woman. If your symptoms are severe, talk with your doctor about medicines that can help, including birth control pills.
• If you take insulin, you may need a temporary increase in your dose during this time to help keep your blood sugars in a healthy range.
• Try to establish a regular physical activity routine, including aerobic (cardio) exercise, as well as resistance or strength training.
• Choose healthy foods, and limit salty or sugary foods, caffeine, and alcohol, which can worsen symptoms.
• Get enough sleep (at least 8 hours each night).
• Find ways to better cope with stress, including exercise, journaling, yoga, meditation, or massage.
• Dietary supplements, such as folic acid, vitamin E, vitamin B6, magnesium, and calcium may help relieve symptoms, as can certain herbal supplements, such as black cohosh, chasteberry, and evening primrose oil. But check with your doctor first before taking any of these.
Menstruation
A few days before your period starts, you may notice that your blood sugars are higher (maybe even much higher) than usual. Once again, you have estrogen and progesterone to thank for this. In general, the balance of these hormones prior to menstruation increases insulin resistance, although some women notice the opposite effect: increased insulin sensitivity. If you have Type 1 diabetes, you may notice that your periods last longer and your flow is heavier than women who don't have diabetes. Higher blood sugar levels can increase the risk for developing a yeast infection, too.
What you can do:
• One of the best ways to deal with monthly blood sugar fluctuations is to track them. In other words, keep tabs on your cycle and how your blood sugars respond. A calendar or a journal can work, and yes, there are apps for this. Check out Clue, Period Tracker, or Glow. Figuring out patterns may take a few months.
• If you're particularly plagued by swings in blood sugars, consider using a continuous glucose monitor (CGM). A CGM measures glucose levels in real time throughout the day and night, providing readings at any time and helping you and your health-care team spot trends. CGMs are generally covered by insurance for most people with Type 1 diabetes, and are starting to be covered by some plans for those with Type 2. Professional CGMs are also available through your provider to wear for a few days to help you get a better picture of your blood sugars.
• Once you identify the “nuances” of your cycle on your blood sugar, check with your provider or diabetes educator about actions you can take. If you take insulin, for example, you'll likely need to increase your dose. By how much and for how long will depend on your cycle. If you have Type 2 diabetes and are not taking insulin, it's possible that you'll need a medication adjustment (if you take diabetes pills, for example).
• Focus on lifestyle adjustments, as well — physical activity, cutting back on carbs, dealing with stress and cravings, and getting enough sleep can help.
Perimenopause and menopause
The “change of life” is a bittersweet time for most women. Dealing with emotional and physical changes can be challenging, as can manage diabetes. The time leading up to menopause (perimenopause) involves unstable levels of estrogen and progesterone; as a result, you may be dealing with an increase in both insulin sensitivity and insulin resistance. In addition, many women find that they gain weight before and during menopause. Weight gain can occur because of hormonal changes, but also due to a change in muscle mass and lifestyle factors. Weight gain can, in turn, cause higher blood sugar levels. To top it off, hot flashes and night sweats can make it harder to manage blood sugars. On a side note, perimenopause and menopause cause a drop in estrogen, which raises the likelihood of urinary tract infections (UTIs) and yeast infections.
What you can do:
• Checking your blood sugars regularly (maybe more often than usual) is a key step in identifying patterns and trends. This information can help you and your provider make decisions about tweaks to your diabetes treatment plan. As mentioned above, using a CGM can be helpful, as well.
• Talk with your provider about ways to manage menopausal symptoms, including hot flashes and night sweats. Weigh the risks and benefits of using hormone replacement therapy (which are the same for women with and without diabetes), as well as non-hormonal therapies (which also have risks and benefits).
• Consider using an app to help you track symptoms and come up with a treatment plan. MenoPro, myPause, and Menopause View are a few to check out.
• Be prepared for other health issues that can appear at this time, such as heart disease, osteoporosis, urinary incontinence, and changes in sexual function. Keep up with regular provider appointments and exams to help catch and treat problems early on. Ask your provider about cholesterol-lowering medications, if necessary, as well as medications to prevent osteoporosis.
• Focus on establishing a healthful eating and physical activity plan. Your calorie needs will likely drop, along with muscle mass. Changing how much, when, and the types of foods that you eat can prevent or minimize weight gain. Staying active helps you maintain your muscle and bone mass, manage your weight, and better cope with stress and other emotional aspects of menopause.
Want to learn more about diabetes and menopause? Read “Menopause” and “Diabetes and Hot Flashes.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pigs in blankets have become a festive necessity, and this year Asda has raised the 'steaks' with its new 'deer in duvets '- a twist on the classic trimming.
The Extra Special Venison Pigs in Blankets (£2.98 per pack), are made with gluten-free venison sausages and oak-smoked dry cured bacon.
They are described as being "succulent, rich in flavour and deliciously moreish".
They come in packs of ten, and can be found in the fresh meat aisle in Asda stores.
They are perfect for those who are looking for something new and unusual to add to their Christmas dinner this year.
An Asda Spokesperson said: “Our Venison in Blankets will help customers take their Christmas trimmings to the next level - a delicious quality product inspired by a traditional festive favourite.”
As well as this, shoppers can also buy a 1kg Stilton cheese wheel. The hefty offering has been especially released for the festive season and would be perfect cut into chunks and slathered over crackers.
Costing £8, it would make a nice stocking filler for any cheese fan.
admin Site Admin
Join Date: Mar 2007 Location: New Orleans Posts: 9,389 Blog Entries: 2
New Orleans to update inaccessible bus stops by 2031
Nearly 94 percent of New Orleans bus stops fail to meet the needs of disabled riders, and the city has until 2031 to update them. On Feb. 10, the city, the New Orleans Regional Transit Authority (RTA) and its owner*Transdev Services*settled a lawsuit filed by three wheelchair users arguing the city's transit stops are not compliant with the*Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), with stops riddled with too-steep slopes, broken landing pads or no landing pads at all.
Plaintiffs*Francis Falls, Mitchell Miraglia and Thad Tatum with attorney*Andrew Bizer of Bizer & DeReus filed the suit after Bizer sent a public records request to examine the state of the RTA'S ADA compliance.? Nearly 94 percent of New Orleans bus stops fail to meet the needs of disabled riders, and the city has until 2031 to update them. On Feb. 10, the city, the New Orleans Regional Transit Authority (RTA) and its owner*Transdev Services*settled a lawsuit filed by three wheelchair users arguing the city's transit stops are not compliant with the*Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), with stops riddled with too-steep slopes, broken landing pads or no landing pads at all.Plaintiffs*Francis Falls, Mitchell Miraglia and Thad Tatum with attorney*Andrew Bizer of Bizer & DeReus filed the suit after Bizer sent a public records request to examine the state of the RTA'S ADA compliance.?
CAIRO An Egyptian court ruled on Sunday that a judicial decision to block the transfer of two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia is void, judicial sources said, potentially reviving a deal that triggered protests in Egypt.
A court in January rejected a government plan to transfer the two uninhabited islands to Saudi Arabia after a maritime demarcation accord was announced in April. The accord awarded sovereignty of the islands to Saudi Arabia, even though most Egyptians believe they belong to Egypt.
The decision by Egypt's Court of Urgent Matters is subject to appeal and any final deal must be approved by parliament.
The latest twist in this issue came as bilateral relations appear to be warming after months of tension.
Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi accepted an invitation last week from Saudi Arabia's King Salman to visit his country in April, a move that came on the heels of the kingdom's decision to restore oil aid shipments to Egypt after a halt of about six months.
The ongoing island litigation had previously been a source of unease between Egypt and Saudi Arabia, which has showered Cairo with tens of billions of dollars in aid in recent years.
Human rights lawyer Khaled Ali, whose case in an administrative court had nullified the agreement, said the ruling was beyond the jurisdiction of the Court of Urgent Matters. He described it as a way for parliament to take judicial cover while debating an accord already rejected by other courts.
"The high administrative court rulings are final, and their implementation may not be stopped or nullified except by another ruling of the high administrative court," he wrote in a post on his Facebook page.
Saudi and Egyptian officials had argued that the islands belonged to Saudi Arabia and were only under Egyptian control because Riyadh asked Cairo in 1950 to protect them.
But lawyers who had opposed the accord said Egypt's sovereignty over the islands dated back to a treaty in 1906, before Saudi Arabia was founded.
(Reporting by Haitham Ahmed and Omar Fahmy; Writing by Eric Knecht and Asma Alsharif; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
SAN DIEGO – Authorities Monday released the name of an East Coast man who was fatally shot by police when he allegedly threatened them with a kitchen knife during a weekend confrontation in a Point Loma home.
The events that led to the shooting began shortly after 6 a.m. Sunday, when a 911 caller reported that an intruder was trying to get into a home in the 1300 block of Trieste Drive, according to San Diego police.
“The caller stated that (the man) had banged on their front door and windows, demanding a knife so he could kill himself,” Lt. Mike Holden said.
Officers arrived to find the suspect, later identified as 24-year old Kyle Zahacefski of Colchester, Connecticut, in the front yard of a home next door to the one from which the emergency call had been made, Holden said.
Seeing the patrol personnel, Zahacefski allegedly picked up some bricks and hurled them in their direction, then ran off toward the house on the property. Moments later, police heard the sound of breaking glass.
Officers approached the home and, finding a glass door on it shattered, entered. They found Zahacefski in the kitchen, holding a knife to his throat.
The suspect ignored repeated orders to drop the weapon, instead pointing it toward them and starting to quickly walk in their direction, according to Holden.
“Fearing for their lives, one officer fire several rounds from his AR- 15 rifle, and another officer fired one round from his beanbag shotgun,” the lieutenant said.
Struck by at least one bullet, Zahacefski collapsed and died, despite officers' attempts to revive him with CPR.
Two adults were asleep in the home when the suspect broke in. Neither was injured.
Investigators determined that Zahacefski had arrived in San Diego by bus on Saturday. It was unknown why he traveled to Southern California, Holden said.
West Rock eighth-graders receive career advice
NORWALK — Eighth-graders at West Rocks Middle School learned about what it's like to treat ulcers on feet and to handle a drug-sniffing dog at the school's annual career day on Wednesday.
The longstanding event featured a diverse group of local professionals, ranging from an FBI agent and Norwalk firefighters to a chef and a podiatrist. Each invited speaker talked about how they ended up in their current career and what it took for them to get there.
Though their life and career stories may have differed, two common themes arose in their narrative: the importance of receiving a good education and pursuing a career that taps into one's passion.
Phil Tabord, a Norwalk police resource officer, emphasized these two ideas in his presentation to a room of about 20 eighth-graders, alongside Norwalk Police Officer Kelly Hollister.
“Find something you love to do and you'll never work another day in your life,” Tabord said.
“That's true," Hollister said, nodding. "It doesn't feel like work."
“If you can wake up every day, happy, go to work and not think that you're actually doing work — trust me, you made it in life, believe it or not,” Tabord said.
The annual career day is one way West Rocks tries to help students find their passion and their future goals, said school counselor Denise Evon Dernbach, who has been at the middle school for six years.
She said the event also helps the school's eighth-graders transition to high school, where they'll have to choose classes that will help them get to their desired career path.
All of this serves as a way for them to become college and career ready, which is a focus at West Rocks, Evon Dernbach added.
“It allows them an opportunity to really talk to people who are in a career path that they are interested in or might be interested in, and they get to hear firsthand what's expected of them, the skills that they need, the schooling that they need, the importance of developing positive work ethics,” Evon Dernbach.
“We're always talking about future interests and passions and how we can support them. It's a tough decision to make,” she added.
Eighth-grade math teacher Frank Cirino agreed, attesting to the impact career day has had on his students for the past 16 years he has been a part of the event.
“It opens student eyes up to different professions, and you can just see the interested looks on their faces," Cirino said excitedly. “They love asking questions and learning about the field.”
Such was the case for Victoria Robledo. She said career day gave insight on seeking a job she loves and not one that necessarily pays well or is popular among her friends.
After hearing from social service workers on Wednesday, Robledo is thinking about becoming a therapist.
“It kind of caught my eye that they are having fun with their job and they're actually helping people,” Robledo said. “I would want to help people.”
skim@hearstmediact.com; 203-842-2568; @stephaniehnkim
One of Dundalk's landmark pubs, The Malt House has just gone on the market.
Popular with locals, workers popping in for lunch and a haunt for DkIT students for over 20 years, this sale is sure to attract a lot of attention.
The Malthouse is laid out over two floors, with an extensive lounge and function room, toilets, public bar, two designated smoking areas and keg store.
The overall ground floor area extends to c.3500 sq ft and with ample car parking to the front and rear, this sale will surely generate much interest.
For more information visit vendors Greene Finance and Property website here
BERLIN (Sputnik) — The ministry spokesman added that Germany welcomed the ceasefire in Syria brokered by Russia and Turkey.
"The issue of fate and future of Syrian President Bashar Assad, the issue of Syrian society, all of these issues should be discussed at the talks in Astana and in the future," Schaefer said.
© AFP 2016/ LOUAI BESHARA Threat of Syrian Government Being Toppled by Force Was 'Neutralized' in 2016
"If it [the ceasefire] holds, it will create a platform for a political [reconciliation] process," Schaefer said.
On Saturday, the UN Security Council unanimously adopted a Russian-Turkish resolution on a ceasefire regime in Syria, as well as on holding political talks between the Syrian government and opposition groups in Astana, Kazakhstan in January 2017.
A day earlier, a nationwide ceasefire between Syrian government troops and several opposition factions came into force. Russia and Turkey serve as guarantors of the deal which paves the way for negotiations between the warring parties.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BATON ROUGE, La. -- Jesse Duplantis Ministries has three private jets, but Duplantis needs one more.
After all, as the televangelist who preaches the controversial "prosperity gospel" explained to his followers in a video last week, if Jesus Christ walked the earth today, "he wouldn't be riding a donkey."
There's just one thing: To buy that $54 million private jet (Duplantis has his eye on a Dassault Falcon 7x), the Louisiana preacher needs his followers to donate money to the cause. As for those aforementioned three jets, the most recent of which was purchased in 2006, the ministry has been "just burning them up for the Lord Jesus Christ," Duplantis said in the video, per NOLA.com.
The Falcon 7x, with a range of 5,950 nautical miles, is needed "so we can go anywhere in the world in one stop," he explained. None of his other jets can do that.
Duplantis told his followers that God told him, "I want you to believe in me for a Falcon 7X." He said viewers should "pray about becoming a partner to it."
He addressed the possible controversial nature of his request, per WGNO: "Now some people believe that preachers shouldn't have jets. I really believe that preachers ought to go on every available voice, every available outlet, to get this gospel preached to the world."
He has defended his use of private planes in the past in what the Washington Post calls a "widely mocked" video in which he and another preacher said, among other things, that you can't speak openly to God on a commercial airliner.
Duplantis, who has a church just outside New Orleans, also owns one of the largest homes in St. Charles Parish; it has 22,039 square feet of living space and 12,947 square feet of outdoor patios, garages, and other amenities.
© Sputnik/ Sergei Guneev South Stream Gas Pipeline Project is Out of Agenda - Russian Energy Minister
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)In December 2014, Russia canceled the planned pipeline, which would go through Bulgaria, Serbia and Hungary and opted for Turkish Stream project instead.
"The [South Stream] project will probably be carried out," Ilingin said at a business forum in the city of Varna, as quoted by the Bulgarian Dnevnik news outlet on Wednesday.
Ilingin referenced Russian President Vladimir Putin's 2016 words about the importance of firm guarantees from Bulgaria.
According to the trade representative, Russian investors are interested in other projects that could be carried out in the port of Varna, whose location has lately proved very profitable.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
A defiant Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan denounced the West's “crusader mentality” on Monday after European monitors criticised a referendum to grant him sweeping new powers, which he won with a narrow victory laying bare the nation's divisions.
Supporters thronged the streets honking horns and waving flags, while opponents banged pots and pans in protest in their homes into the early morning. The main opposition party rejected the result and called for the vote to be annulled.
Election authorities said preliminary results showed 51.4 percent of voters had backed the biggest overhaul of Turkish politics since the founding of the modern republic.
Erdoğan says concentrating power in the hands of the president is vital to prevent instability. But the narrowness of his victory could have the opposite effect: adding to volatility in a country that has lately survived an attempted coup, attacks by Islamists, a Kurdish insurgency, civil unrest and war across its Syrian border.
The result laid bare the deep divide between the urban middle classes who see their future as part of a European mainstream, and the pious rural poor who favour Erdoğan's strong hand. Erdoğan made clear his intention to steer the country away from Europe, announcing plans to seek to restore the death penalty, which would effectively end Turkey's decades-long quest to join the EU.
“The crusader mentality in the West and its servants at home have attacked us,” he told flag-waving supporters on arrival in the capital Ankara where he was due to chair a cabinet meeting, in response to the monitors' assessment.
In the bluntest criticism of a Turkish election by European monitors in memory, a mission of observers from the 47-member Council of Europe, the continent's leading human rights body, said the referendum was an uneven contest. Support for a “Yes” vote dominated campaign coverage, and the arrests of journalists and closure of media outlets prevented other views from being heard, the monitors said.
“In general, the referendum did not live up to Council of Europe standards. The legal framework was inadequate for the holding of a genuinely democratic process,” said Cezar Florin Preda, head of the delegation.
While the monitors had no information of actual fraud, a last-minute decision by electoral authorities to allow unstamped ballots to be counted undermined an important safeguard and contradicted electoral law, they said.
DIVISIONS
The bitter campaigning and narrow “Yes” vote exposed deep divisions in Turkey, with the country's three main cities and mainly Kurdish southeast likely to have voted “No”. Official results are due to be announced in the next 12 days.
Erdoğan, a populist with a background in once-banned Islamist parties, has ruled since 2003 with no real rival, while his country emerged as one of the fastest-growing industrial powers in both Europe and the Middle East.
He has also been at the centre of global affairs, commanding NATO's second-biggest military on the border of Middle East war zones, taking in millions of Syrian refugees and controlling their further flow into Europe.
Critics accuse him of steering Turkey towards one-man rule. The two largest opposition parties both challenged Sunday's referendum, saying it was deeply flawed.
The pro-Kurdish opposition Peoples' Democratic Party said it presented complaints about unstamped ballots affecting 3 million voters, more than twice the margin of Erdoğan's victory.
The main secularist opposition People's Republican Party said it was still unclear how many votes were affected.
“This is why the only decision that will end debate about the legitimacy (of the vote) and ease the people's legal concerns is the annulment of this election,” deputy party chairman Bulent Tezcan said.
Tezcan said he would if necessary go to Turkey's constitutional court – one of the institutions that Erdoğan would gain firm control over under the constitutional changes, through the appointment of its members.
“Erdoğan'S RESPONSIBILITY”
The president survived a coup attempt last year and responded with a crackdown, jailing 47,000 people and sacking or suspending more than 120,000 from government jobs such as schoolteachers, soldiers, police, judges or other professionals.
The changes could keep him in power until 2029 or beyond, making him easily the most important figure in Turkish history since state founder Mustafa Kemal Ataturk built a modern nation from the ashes of the Ottoman empire after World War One.
Germany, host to some 4 million Turks, said it was up to Erdoğan himself to heal the rifts that the vote had exposed.
“The tight referendum result shows how deeply divided Turkish society is, and that means a big responsibility for the Turkish leadership and for President Erdoğan personally,” said Chancellor Angela Merkel and Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel in a joint statement.
Relations with Europe were strained during the referendum campaign when Germany and the Netherlands barred Turkish ministers from holding rallies. Erdoğan provoked a stern German response by comparing those limits to the actions of the Nazis.
Thousands of Erdoğan supporters waved flags and blasted horns into the early hours on Monday in celebration of a man who they say has transformed the quality of life for millions of pious Turks marginalised for decades by the secular elite.
There were scattered protests against the result, but these were more sporadic. In some affluent, secular neighbourhoods, opponents stayed indoors, banging pots and pans, a sign of dissent that became widespread during anti-Erdogan protests in 2013, when the police crushed demonstrations against him.
The result triggered a two percent rally in the Turkish lira from its close last week.
Under the changes, most of which will only come into effect after the next elections due in 2019, the president will appoint the cabinet and an undefined number of vice-presidents, and be able to select and remove senior civil servants without parliamentary approval.
There has been some speculation that Erdoğan could call new elections so that his new powers could take effect right away. However, Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Simsek told Reuters there was no such plan, and the elections would still be held in 2019.
Erdoğan served as prime minister from 2003 until 2014, when rules were changed to hold direct elections for the office of president, previously a ceremonial role elected by parliament. Since becoming the first directly elected president, he has set about making the post more important, along the lines of the executive presidencies of France, Russia or the United States.
Hawaii Pau riders represented the culture of the islands in the 2017 All Western Day Parade in Dallas Fort Worth, TX (Image: Leiala Cook, Hawaii Pau Riders)
For the first time in history, pau riders from Hawaii participated in one of the largest equestrian parades in the nation.
Layered in the colors and flowers of the islands, 16 pau riders from the islands rode in the Western Day Parade in Dallas Fort Worth Texas, Saturday.
The organization Hawaii Pa'u Riders took on the task of participating in the parade and a week-long series of events in to share a deeper sense of island culture. Riders danced hula and held lei making demonstrations for festival goers.
Leiala Cook, president of Hawaii Pa'u Riders says sharing the aloha spirit worldwide is a goal of the organization.
They previously have been asked to participate in events in places like New York, Las Vegas, California, and even overseas in Belgium. However, this is the first time they have participated in the Texas parade.
Pau riding is a popular and common sight in floral parades across Hawaii. Men and women are selected to ride horseback while representing a specific Hawaiian Island. Representatives make lei for the island unit, including the horses.
Pau dates back to the 1800's when women in Hawaii would would wear long skirts to cover their finer clothes while riding horseback. It has since evolved to include the pageantry it is known for today.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Get excited, Big Little Lies fans: Renata and Madeline are back in town.
Everyone's favorite Monterey moms — Reese Witherspoon, who plays Madeline Mackenzie on the hit HBO show, and Laura Dern, who plays Renata Klein — posted a photo Monday on social media with the caption, “Madeline and Renata are back. #BLL2.”
The two look coy while posed at a table in front of the Seaside Coffee Shop, and we can only imagine what they're discussing. (As fans know, they aren't exactly BFFs, and they aren't smiling, so we're thinking there's more drama in store for them.)
But Witherspoon and Dern aren't the only cast members who have shared behind-the-scenes photos from the set of season 2. Zoe Kravitz, who plays the free-spirited, yoga-centric mom Bonnie Carlson, also teased fans with an Instagram selfie the other day. “Bonnie's. Back. #BLL2,” the actress captioned the pic.
And we can't forget about Jane: Shailene Woodley, who plays Jane Chapman, shared a (somewhat unusually happy?) pic of herself smiling while holding back her hair, writing, “JANES BACK. Let's do this #BLL2.”
Now we're just waiting on the newly widowed Celeste (a.k.a. Nicole Kidman) to post a pic.
Big Little Lies is expected to return in 2019.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Is Valentine's Day overrated? Well, certified sex therapist Stefani Threadgill believes it just might be.
Valentine's Day can be challenging for singles and couples. For instance, when it comes to those unattached bachelors and bachelorettes, it is really expensive. In addition, there are a lot of expectation for newly dating couples. If you have only been dating for a couple of weeks, do you ask her out? Or do you ask him out?
Here in my office, expectations are often a topic that I find creates a lot of issues in relationships. Whether they just meet and there are expectations of what they think the relationship is going to be, or what they think the sex is going to be like, or even what the foreplay is going to be like and it doesn't match up. I would look at Valentine's Day the same way.
There is a quote by film director Jean-Luc Godard that says, "A story should have a beginning, a middle and an end, but not necessarily in that order.” These holidays put a lot of pressure on people to follow a certain order, and I think it can happen in any order that you want it to be.
Also, there is a lot of pressure on Valentine's Day to show your partner that you care. However, it can be so much more important to show your partner that you care every day.
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
The launch of construction of the Akkuyu Nuclear Power Plant (NPP) is crucial, while the construction of another joint project between Moscow and Ankara – the Turkish Stream pipeline, is going according to the schedule, Russian President Vladimir Putin said.
ANKARA (Sputnik) — On Sunday, the launch ceremony for the Akkuyu NPP project was held in the Turkish southern province of Mersin.
“It is important that the work on construction of the first nuclear power plant Akkuyu has been, in fact, launched,” Putin said on Monday, following a meeting with his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in Ankara.
The Russian president noted that the Turkish Stream project is strategically important for the both countries.
“It is planned to lay two legs along the ground of the Black Sea with a capacity of 15.75 billion cubic meters each. The implementation of this project will undoubtedly strengthen the energy security of Turkey, diversify the supply of Russian gas to other countries,” Putin added.
In 2010, Russia and Turkey signed an intergovernmental agreement to cooperate on the construction and maintenance of the Turkish NPP on the Akkuyu site in the Mersin province. The NPP's four power units of 1,200 megawatt (MW) are each expected to produce about 35 billion kilowatt-hours per year.
The Turkish Stream project was announced in late 2014 by Putin during his state visit to Turkey. In October 2016, Moscow and Ankara signed an intergovernmental agreement envisioning the construction. Several European countries have already shown their interest for gas supplies via the Turkish stream.
Putin has been in Ankara on a working visit to discuss bilateral cooperation, as well as to exchange views over the situation in Syria and the crisis sparked by US President Donald Trump's declaration of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
Erdoğan invited the Russian President to attend the ceremony to pour the first concrete at the Akkuyu NPP during bilateral talks with the counterpart in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi last month.
JETSTAR says it will introduce measures to handle unaccompanied minors after a 12-year-old boy stole his mother's credit card and took himself on a four-day getaway to Bali.
The boy from Sydney, known only as Drew, became angry after he was told by his mother he could not go to the Indonesian holiday mecca.
He searched the internet for airlines that allowed 12-year-olds to fly unaccompanied and booked himself a ticket and a hotel room.
Early last month, Drew caught a train to Sydney Airport where he used a self-service terminal to check in and flew with Jetstar from Sydney to Perth.
He boarded a Jetstar international flight to Bali where he had booked into the Seasons hotel, according to A Current Affair.
It reported that Drew was quizzed only once — at Perth Airport, where staff asked him for his student ID and passport to prove he was over 12 and attended a secondary school.
He had previously tried to book flights with Qantas and Garuda and was on an Australian Federal Police watch list.
The attempts to book with Qantas and Garuda failed after the airlines said they required a letter from Drew's parents.
His grandmother said the AFP told her that he would be unable to get through border security.
In Bali, Drew told authorities that his mother lived in Bali and she was waiting outside the airport.
He checked into a hotel and over the next four days, drank beer on the beach and travelled around on a rented motorbike.
Drew's escapade ended after he posted a video online.
His shocked parents, who had reported him missing and had been frantically ringing his mobile phone, flew to Indonesia.
Jetstar, which says it has similar procedures for unaccompanied minors to other carriers, said it was looking at ways to tighten its checks.
City of Hamilton planning staff opposition to eliminating parking requirements for a six-unit residential renovation of the Horn of Plenty's unused second floor might contradict the goals of local and provincial planning policies.
Neil and Denise Gloster want to renovate the upper floor of their building at 24 King St. W. but have hit a couple of roadblocks, including discovery of some form of contamination that apparently flowed under the property, and lack of space on the site to provide parking. They applied for an exemption to the minimum six parking spaces required. City planners recommended denying the request.
The city's committee of adjustment has agreed to table the application for now, pending discussions with the planning department. A couple of committee members suggested the request should go through a more in-depth rezoning application.
Brynne O'Neill, planning consultant from GSP Group Inc., told committee she had a brief discussion with city planners and hoped to resolve any issues and bring the minor variance application back to a future meeting.
Related Content Dundas' Horn of Plenty hits roadblock in second floor residential renovation
“We are still determining our next steps,” O'Neill told the Dundas Star after the meeting.
But the Glosters said the residential apartment project would change to creating commercial space if a resolution is not reached with the Ministry of Environment regarding the apparent underground contamination within 30 days.
“We cannot carry the debt load and the quickest way to get income is commercial, as no environmental approval is required,” Neil stated in an email.
That would mean a missed opportunity to achieve residential intensification in an area targeted for growth, without issues related to new construction.
The Glosters argue potential renters wouldn't need vehicles because the location is walkable, with many resources close by, is located on a bus route and is in the middle of a SoBi bike share virtual hub.
The City of Hamilton has previously exempted several properties across the city from parking requirements. Templar Flats on King William Street was built two years ago with 25 rental units, four ground floor restaurant units and no parking.
SANTA CLARA, Calif. -- San Francisco 49ers head coach Kyle Shanahan reported all hands on deck for the start of his club's mandatory minicamp Tuesday, but two players barely qualified.
Defensive lineman Solomon Thomas remained ineligible to work out with the team until his class at Stanford has completed finals.
That was scheduled to happen on Wednesday, meaning Thomas would only be allowed to join the team on Thursday, the final day of the camp that's been set aside for meetings and weight work.
Also, recently signed pass-rush specialist Elvis Dumervil won't participate in the on-field drills this week.
"I just want Elvis to come in here, learn the schemes, and really get a chance to meet everyone," Shanahan explained. "We didn't think getting him involved in the work and everything was important, at least for now. I think it'd be better to not have him out there until training camp."
--The 49ers began minicamp with nine of their 10 draft choices signed to contracts, increasing that number by two when they reached agreement with linebacker Reuben Foster, their second first-round pick, and quarterback C.J. Beathard, their second third-round pick, on the eve of the mandatory get-together.
The only remaining player left unsigned is Thomas, the No. 3 pick of the draft.
--While teams are allowed to conduct minicamp up to three days, Shanahan opted to limit his on-field sessions to Tuesday and Wednesday.
"Just trying to be smart," he explained. "I've been a part of many years of that last practice before you get a month off, before everyone goes on vacation. That practice hasn't ever been very productive.
"That wouldn't be that big of a deal if that was the only thing you were risking. But you're risking injuries, and I have just always gotten worried. Most teams I've been on, you always cut it short. You end up just trying to get off the field and not have an injury. The main thing is to get out healthy. And by stopping that last day, it gives you the best chance to do that."
QUOTE TO NOTE: "We would never bring in a guy just to be a mentor, but in Elvis (Dumervil's) case, it's a huge bonus. Elvis lives and dies getting to the quarterback. He's thinking about it all the time, every day, when's he's in the building, when he's outside the building. Anytime you have a guy who thinks that way, who has also had the success, it rubs off on people." -- 49ers head coach Kyle Shanahan, on the importance of having recently signed Elvis Dumervil attend this week's minicamp even though he won't be participating.
A post-mortem conducted on an 80-year-old woman found dead in Aglandjia on Monday was inconclusive, police said on Tuesday.
The examination was conducted by state-pathologists Nicolas Charalambous and Angeliki Papetta at approximately 3pm. According to authorities, the pathologists are awaiting lab results to determine the exact cause of death.
Charalambous and Papetta had also examined her at the scene of the crime on Monday.
The elderly woman, Andriani Vanezi, was found dead, bound and gagged in her bed in Aglandjia, Nicosia.
Vanezi was a retired school teacher and was living with her son. She was found at 9.05am by her daughter who lives in the apartment next door, and who had gone to pick her up for a doctor's appointment.
Police said that they went to the house where they located the 80-year-old gagged with duct tape and with her hands tied up.
Police spokesman Andreas Angelides had said earlier in the day that it was believed that the woman may have been a victim of robbery as all the rooms of her house were found turned upside down.
“It was ascertained that she was dead, and she was located by a family member who called the police,” Angelides said.
On Monday evening however, police said they were investigating pre-meditated murder, without providing further information.
According to state broadcaster CyBC, the last person who saw the woman alive before the killing is believed to be her son, as they had breakfast together before he left for work.
It is believed that the perpetrators entered the house between 7am, when the son left the house, and 9am when the woman's daughter arrived to take her to the doctor. The woman's arm was in a cast from an accident and she was to have it removed on Monday.
Reports said that the son told police that perpetrators stole €500 from a purse located in the room where Vanezi was found, and a laptop, belonging to him.
SAN DIEGO (AP) — Padres rookie Franmil Reyes is settling in, which could make opposing pitchers uneasy.
Reyes hit a two-run homer that put San Diego ahead and the Padres got a fine effort from their bullpen Tuesday night in a 9-5 victory over the Miami Marlins.
“I think that every player when you get called up to the big leagues, after the first couple of days you get comfortable,” Reyes said. “And my teammates have been great, telling me it's the same baseball everywhere so don't change anything. Be the same guy you were down in Triple-A, and that was the key.”
Eric Hosmer had three hits and the Padres won a matchup of last-place teams, handing Miami its first loss this season in a game started by Dan Straily.
Reyes, called up May 14 from the minors, connected in the sixth inning off Straily (2-1) for the rookie's third homer in six games and second in two days at Petco Park. San Diego scored four in the eighth to break the game open, with pinch-hitter Christian Villanueva producing a two-run single.
“Franmil's homer got us going again,” manager Andy Green said. “That ball was crushed. It's fun watching him get into a groove and get comfortable in the box.”
When the 6-foot-5, 275-pound Reyes was summoned from Triple-A El Paso, his 14 home runs were the most at any level in the minors. He hit 25 homers at Double-A last season.
“I think he was anxious when he showed up here and that's not surprising,” Green said. “He seems more relaxed, more at ease.”
Reyes didn't miss Straily's hanging slider.
“It was pretty clear he was probably sitting on that pitch at that point, the way he hit it and how far he hit it,” Straily said. “Tip your cap and move on. He beat me right there.”
Craig Stammen (3-0) won in relief of starter Tyson Ross. Adam Cimber worked a spotless seventh inning, Brad Hand pitched the eighth and Kirby Yates got the final three outs.
JT Riddle had an inside-the-park homer for the Marlins in the ninth.
Miami had won all five of Straily's starts this year. But he elevated a changeup to Reyes, and his drive soared into the second deck in left-center to give the Padres a 5-4 edge.
That was the end of the night for Straily, who allowed four earned runs and seven hits.
“I thought he had enough to get through that guy but he just left the ball up,” Marlins manager Don Mattingly said.
Ross, who won his previous two starts, got a quick hook Green. The right-hander was decent in his 5 1/3 innings, allowing three runs, six hits and a walk. He struck out four.
The Marlins chased Ross and scored three in the sixth to take their first lead of the game, 4-3.
J.T. Realmuto's triple scored Derek Dietrich after his leadoff single. Ross struck out Justin Bour on his 87th and final pitch. Stammen came on and Brian Anderson smacked a tying single. Two batters later, J.B. Shuck's double gave the Marlins a 4-3 advantage.
The Marlins pulled to 3-1 in the fourth when Bour, who opened the inning with a double for his second hit, scored on Riddle's double-play ball.
The Padres jumped on Straily with a three-run first. Travis Jankowski, Cory Spangenberg and Hosmer opened the game with three consecutive singles.
Hosmer's hit scored Jankowski, and when the ball skipped past center fielder Lewis Brinson for an error, Spangenberg came around as well. Hosmer scored on Raffy Lopez's single.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Padres: C Austin Hedges (elbow) had his minor league rehabilitation stint halted and has returned to the club. He'll meet with a team doctor on Wednesday. … OF Wil Myers (oblique) has resumed baseball activities.
UP NEXT
Marlins: RHP Jose Urena (0-7, 4.69 ERA) makes his third career start vs. San Diego on Wednesday night after losing his first two outings against the Padres. The Marlins have dropped each of Urena's 11 starts this season and a franchise-worst 13 straight dating to last September. He has allowed four runs in each of his past two outings.
Padres: LHP Clayton Richard (3-6, 4.97) makes his team-leading 12th start in the third game of the four-game set. He's pitched well of late, going 2-2 with a 3.38 ERA in his last four outings. In three of those starts, he pitched into the eighth inning.
Padres 9, Marlins 5
Miami; San Diego;
ab;r;h;bi; ;ab;r;h;bi
Detrich lf;4;1;1;0;Jnkwski lf-rf;4;1;1;0
Ralmuto c;4;1;1;1;Spngnbr 3b;4;2;2;0
Bour 1b;4;1;2;0;Hosmer 1b;4;2;3;1
Bri.And 3b;4;1;2;1;Pirela 2b;3;2;0;0
J.Grcia p;0;0;0;0;R.Lopez c;3;1;1;2
Riddle ss;4;1;1;1;F.Reyes rf;3;1;1;2
Shuck rf;3;0;1;1;Cimber p;0;0;0;0
Conley p;0;0;0;0;Hand p;0;0;0;0
Gerrero p;0;0;0;0;Vllneva ph;1;0;1;2
Rojas 3b;1;0;1;0;Makita p;0;0;0;0
Brinson cf;4;0;1;0;Yates p;0;0;0;0
Y.Rvera 2b;3;0;0;0;Galvis ss;4;0;0;0
Straily p;2;0;0;0;Margot cf;4;0;1;0
Maybin rf;2;0;0;0;Ross p;1;0;0;0
Stammen p;0;0;0;0
Szczur lf;2;0;0;0
Totals; 35;5;10;4;Totals; 33;9;10;7
Miami;000;103;001;—;5
San Diego;300;002;04x;—;9
E_Brinson 2 (4). DP_Miami 1, San Diego 2. LOB_Miami 4, San Diego 3. 2B_Bour (4), Shuck (1), Hosmer (17). 3B_Realmuto (2). HR_Riddle (1), F.Reyes (3). S_Ross (1).<
IP;H;R;ER;BB;SO
Miami
Straily L,2-1;5;2-3;7;5;4;0;4
Conley;1;1-3;0;0;0;0;3
Guerrero;0;2;4;3;2;0
Garcia;1;1;0;0;0;1
San Diego
Ross;5;1-3;6;3;3;1;4
Stammen W,3-0 BS,2;2-3;2;1;1;0;1
Cimber H,3;1;0;0;0;0;1
Hand H,1;1;0;0;0;0;2
Makita;0;2;1;1;0;0
Yates;1;0;0;0;0;1
Guerrero pitched to 4 batters in the 8th
Umpires_Home, Jim Wolf; First, Ryan Blakney; Second, Alfonso Marquez; Third, D.J. Reyburn.
T_3:02. A_16,321 (42,445).
http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/05/web1_San-Dieo-Padres-WEB-12.jpg
By Jay Paris Associated Press
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
ADELAIDE United was made to suffer and they got lucky but in the end the Reds deserved to walk away from a spectacular 90 minutes at home.
A cruel Perth Glory own goal and a quality strike from Reds winger Nikola Mileusnic in the first half put Adelaide in fourth place and an important 2-1 win on a very poor looking Hindmarsh Stadium pitch on Saturday night.
Adelaide was tested very late in the clash which all started when Diego Castro used all his street smarts to give Glory a chance to win a penalty in the 82nd minute when he kicked the ball into Ryan Strain - who was on all fours - inside the box.
The claim was denied after Adelaide's inability to deliver a sucker punch when the Reds clearly were the better team for most of the match almost came back to bite the home side as Glory pinned United inside its own box until the death.
Losing stopper Ersan Gulum to a foot injury in the 84th minute made United's final minutes anxious after his partner Jordan Elsey was seemingly concussed 14 minutes after the break.
Having bounced back from being a goal down when Andy Keogh scored first, the Reds responded with a game plan which avoided playing pretty on an average deck.
Camera Icon Nikola Mileusnic and Marc Warren fight for the ball. Picture: AAP
Keogh nodded the ball home from 6m from a brilliant Scott Neville cross inside the fourth minute as Adelaide's Ryan Kitto looked to be cursing himself for not tracking the run of the Perth right back.
Post-match United coach Marco Kurz revealed he had to change his game plan to suit a pitch which not only lacked grass but was too flat to play football the way he wants the Reds to play.
“For a coach it's better if the players score another goal, I have more rest on the sidelines and stay calmer,'' Kurz said.
“The pitch looked worse than what it was, it wasn't too bad.
“It was very flat and not quick and to build up play it was not so easy.
“Also the wind in the first half was strong.”
The goal shook Adelaide for many more minutes but a speculative long ball from Elsey turned into a decisive turning point.
Mileusnic chased down Elsey's long ball which was headed for a goal kick, laid it back to Strain who perhaps will be credited with his cheekiest A-League assist yet in his very fresh career.
The former Aston Villa youth player fired in a cross aimed for the head of George Blackwood but Djulbic got there first, craned his neck and nodded the ball past stunned Glory keeper Liam Reddy in the 12th minute.
The equaliser arrived at the time Glory was asking questions about the character of the Reds as Perth penetrated Adelaide's defensive line a little too easily in the opening minutes.
Adelaide managed to survive Glory's response before Kitto had a chance to test Reddy's nerves in the 21st minute.
Although a move involving Jordan O'Doherty and Mileusnic had Glory out of shape, the winger's shot lacked power from 7m.
Adelaide's relentless pressure looked to be wasted until skipper Isaias broke Glory's spine with a 40m lofted ball over the very high Glory defensive line.
Claiming the bouncing ball turned into a foot race which 34-year-old Djulbic was never going to win and Mileusnic had plenty of time to pick his spot before angling the ball past Reddy to give United a deserved 2-1 lead seven minutes before the break.
Kurz lamented his side's ability to kill the game earlier but was just happy to come away with three points in what was a danger game.
“In my opinion we did a lot and we could have killed the game we had a lot of counter attacking situations,'' he said.
Camera Icon Isaias controls in front of Chris Harold. Picture: AAP
“We didn't play all that good until the end and we lost the centre backs but I'm very proud about the performance with the boys.
“The give in every game whatever they have, I'm very proud and I love the boys.”
The clash was never a comfortable one for Adelaide and it threatened to turn ugly when Neil Kilkenny looked like he gave Isaias a coat hanger at the end of the first half.
Glory's Xavi Torres then flattened his direct nuisance O'Doherty in the 49th minute.
Torres picked up a caution before O'Doherty just seconds later darted part Marc Warren outside the box before the Glory left back also picked up a yellow card.
Strain had a good penalty shout in the 55th minute when he ghosted past Warren but the video assistant referee or referee Chris Beath didn't flinch when the left back looked to have fouled the 20-year-old inside the box.
Elsey then going to ground in the 59th minute when he landed heavily when trying to volley the ball inside the box caused much concern for United's medicos.
The defender looked to have been suffering from concussion before Taylor Regan entered the fray for the centre back on the hour.
MUNSTER HAVE THIS afternoon confirmed contract extensions for Sam Arnold, Darren O'Shea, Dan Goggin and Conor Oliver that will keep the 25-and-under quartet at the province until 2020.
Arnold at training in Carton House this week. Source: Morgan Treacy/INPHO
21-year-old Arnold, who trained with Ireland earlier this week, moved to the southern province from Ulster in 2016, but had to persevere through injury before impressing on a regular basis in the centre this past year.
Openside Oliver, 22, and centre Goggin, 23, have earned their first senior professional deals. Oliver excelled in the December inter-pro window, hitting the ground running after a long lay-off with a shoulder injury.
O'Shea and Oliver in training with Munster. Source: Morgan Treacy/INPHO
Imposing lock O'Shea meanwhile has impressed for his province since returning from injury in the first half of the season. His emergence at lock under the wing of Billy Holland greatly helped to ease a potential engine room crisis.
Atlanta Falcons offensive coordinator Steve Sarkisian confers with quarterback Matt Ryan (2) on the sideline on Oct. 1. Sarkisian is in his first season with the Falcons. Curtis Compton TNS
There was an outpouring of emotion at this year's ANZAC Day Haka and Corroboree for Life following the Dawn Service at Kings Park.
The Syrian Army has gotten its hands on another huge cache of weapons and ammunition, including US-made TOW anti-tank missile systems, chemical warfare, minesweeping and communications equipment and even armored vehicles. Some of the supplies appear to be brand new, as if militants did not get the chance to use them against government forces.
The weapons and equipment were surrendered to Syrian troops by militants in Daraa, southwest Syria, who handed over the haul in accordance with a recently signed reconciliation agreement.
The Syrian Arab News Agency posted a video report of the find, with footage showing everything from tanks and armored personnel carriers to RPG launchers, shells, gasmasks, minesweepers, mortars, heavy machinegun emplacements and TOW launchers, along with boxes which appear to be supplies for Free Syrian Army militants from the United States.
© Sputnik / Michael Alaeddin Russian Military Resumes Talks With Armed Groups in Southern Syria - Reports
Over two dozen towns and villages in southwestern Syria accepted a surrender deal with Damascus following days of negotiations brokered by the Russian military. The deal saw militants from the Free Syrian Army giving up their fight against the government and siding with the army in their operation to mop up the remnants of Nusra Front* and Daesh* forces in the region. The Syrian military launched an offensive in southern Syria in recent weeks amid constant militant shelling of the cities of Daraa and As-Suwayda.
The Israeli military reportedly drew "red lines" on Sunday amid the fighting, demanding that Damascus stick to a 1974 disengagement agreement which provides for a buffer zone between the two countries. Israel has beefed up its presence near the Golan Heights with tanks and artillery, but promised to stick to a policy of non-intervention in the Syrian conflict.
*Terrorist groups outlawed in Russia and many other countries. Nusra Front is an offshoot of the al-Qaeda terrorist group.
MINNEAPOLIS (CNS) -- For a block of time each Saturday evening before a home game, several New England Patriots coaches break away from the task of finalizing game plans.
They attend Mass together along with other members of the Patriots' staff. Msgr. Mike Foley, a priest from the Diocese of Worcester, Massachusetts, comes to celebrate the Mass for any players, coaches and staff who want to attend.
"He's been a fantastic friend. I've really grown to appreciate his willingness to be there with us," said Patriots special teams coach Joe Judge regarding Msgr. Foley.
Defensive line coach Brendan Daly said it's a time in their week he looks forward to.
"It definitely is something that I like to do before we go to the (stadium) on Sundays," Daly told The Catholic Spirit, newspaper of the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis. "It's something that allows me to focus, take some time, be at peace and get away from the game element of it. It's also time where I kind of reflect on the other aspects of my life, if you will, in terms of family and faith and those things, which is something I think we all need to do more of."
Wide receivers coach Chad O'Shea also sees it as part of finding that balance between the demands of coaching in the NFL, living the faith and having a family.
"It's difficult, but if you do have faith and you have a great family that believes in the same things that I do and you do have strong faith, you're able to do it," O'Shea said. "It's not easy at times, but at the end of the day, I think it's important to be able to balance those."
O'Shea, Daly, Judge and company had plenty to balance with the demands of Super Bowl week, leading up to the Feb. 4 game at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis against the Philadelphia Eagles.
The team had a schedule full of travel, extended media sessions, team meetings and practices. Though each of the three coaches have Super Bowl experience already with the defending champion Patriots, they did not see the preparation as automatic.
"Every year, as we always say, is different just like every day is different," O'Shea said. "You've got to approach that that way. The challenges, regardless of what they are, are going to be there, and it's our job as coaches to kind of provide some answers to those challenges and put our players in the best position possible."
Last year's win marked the fifth Super Bowl title for the Patriots. O'Shea, Judge and Daly have been part of the past two Patriots championship teams.
"I'm blessed to be a part of this organization and just appreciative and grateful that I've had the opportunity to work with such great people and great players," O'Shea said.
Before the coaches' time, the Patriots won their first two Super Bowls on game-winning kicks. None of the past five Patriots Super Bowl appearances has come down to a special teams play like that, but Judge wants the specials teams units ready for such high-pressure situations.
"My job is make sure the players are as prepared as they can be going into the end of the game, make sure they're alert for whatever situation that may come up and know how to handle it and to make sure we practice executing all of our techniques, so they have a chance to execute them under high pressure," Judge said.
He enjoys the role where he has contact with every player on the team as each one has a special teams role.
"It's great because you get to know every player, you get to know how to coach every different player," said Judge. "They all have their own individual personalities, and they have their different learning styles. It allows you to build relationships with the entire locker room and allows you to really have influence in the entire locker room."
Faith helps Daly recognize the difference between what he can control and what he can't whether on or off the field. That has included the Patriots facing injuries on defense this season and having other players step up.
"A couple of things that I lean on is handling the mental grind and also focusing on the things that you can control and leaving the things that are out of your control to whoever it is that can control it," Daly said. "Having the faith and the trust that those things will work themselves out however it is that they're meant to be.
Judge indicated that Saturday night Mass together can really be an off-field highlight for the members of an NFL team.
"Any time you get to go to Mass or a church service with people you respect and are close with, that's really special," Judge said.
- - -
Davis is on the staff of The Catholic Spirit, newspaper of the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis.
Armed with a growing body of evidence that rising seas could inundate the California coastline sooner than later, state experts are sounding the alarm.
A new report, “Rising Seas in California: An Update on Sea-Level Rise Science,” stresses the potential for extreme sea-level rise because of uncertainties in projections of how ice sheets will melt due to their unique, hard-to-understand physics.
And it warns not to discount long-shot odds, such as a 1-in-200 chance of Southern California waters rising 2 feet above 2000 levels by 2050.
“Sea-level rise will continue to threaten coastal communities and infrastructure through more frequent flooding and inundation, as well as increased cliff, bluff, dune and beach erosion,” the report states.
“Not only are economic assets and households in flood zones increasingly exposed, but also people's safety, lives, daily movement patterns and sense of community and security could be disrupted.”
Seven researchers with expertise in ocean and climate science wrote the report, which will be adopted by the state's Ocean Protection Council next year after a series of public meetings. The study updates California sea-level rise research published in 2010 and 2013.
The work was done in collaboration with the National Research Council, National Resources Agency, Gov. Jerry Brown's office, the state Ocean Science Trust and California Energy Commission.
Beach erosion, flooding
Coastal subsiding and extreme flooding have been — and will continue to be — exasperated by unusual events such as El Niño storms or a major earthquake.
Sand at Cabrillo Beach was nearly totally eroded last year by storm surges at San Pedro's outer harbor, one of many similar scenarios reported up and down the state's 1,100-mile coastline.
Rough seas routinely leave behind shorter beaches from Malibu to Long Beach, forcing lifeguards to move back their stations.
In Orange County, king tides have flooded the streets and low-lying homes near the beaches in Seal Beach, Sunset Beach and Huntington Beach, as well as Balboa Island and Balboa Peninsula in Newport Beach, in years past.
Recent weather systems have eaten away at the sand under the Newport Beach Pier. Nearby, this winter's storm system left 8-foot walls of sand at Balboa Pier.
Advertisement
Just south of San Clemente at San Onofre State Beach, 100 parking spots were lost when part of the parking lot crumbled into the ocean. In November, San Clemente spent $600,000 to replenish the once-sandy North Beach, only to have a large storm eat half of the replacement sand in January, washing it into the ocean.
Such beach erosion and coastal flooding is cyclical but will become increasingly worse than sea levels rise, the report states. The result will be “sea-level-rise rates unprecedented at least in human experience,” the study states.
Sea-level scenarios
In a best-case scenario, research models show a likely ocean-level increase off La Jolla of about 6 inches by 2030 and one foot by 2050. A worst-case scenario predicts the ocean will rise more than 1 foot by 2030 and 2 feet by 2050, according to the study.
The report predicts the most extreme water-level increases will come after 2050, when ocean levels off Southern California could reach 2 to 10 feet above 2000 levels by 2100.
“This report offers an update on this understanding and provides the best available projections of future conditions,” the study says. “Our collective scientific understanding of sea-level rise is advancing at a very rapid pace. We encourage the creation of science-policy processes that are flexible, iterative and adaptive.”
Reducing emissions
The rate of increase will depend on the concentration of human-caused greenhouse gases in the air.
California is required to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 40 percent, to 1990 levels, by 2030. This is being accomplished with renewable energy, electric cars, required emissions caps, carbon offset taxes, and other methods.
Also, the uneven melting of Antarctica ice sheets will be a major contributor to rising seas in California.
“For every foot of global sea-level rise caused by the loss of ice on West Antarctica, sea-level will rise approximately 1.25 feet along the California coast,” the report states.
It goes on to warn that “uncertainty about the exact amount of future sea-level rise should not be a deterrent to taking action now.”
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory created maps outlining how the Antarctic ice sheet will retreat, as it melts. The project, dubbed BISICLES, illustrates several likely scenarios for how the floating ice shelves will waste away through 2200. It shows the most dramatic ice reduction occurring after 2100, with significant impacts to begin before that.
Planning for sea rise
Since beach erosion and coastal flooding take place routinely along California, local planners have already implemented fixes along the most vulnerable spots.
In the 1970s, Newport Beach installed a valve system on Balboa Island and the bay side of the peninsula to keep storm drains from backing up with too much water.
Aging seawalls wrap Balboa Island and Little Balboa Island to prevent ocean water from washing into roadways and homes. In Seal Beach, city workers routinely build sand walls each year to prevent flooding of beachside houses.
In Long Beach, the Aquarium of the Pacific prepared a “Climate Resiliency” report to help the city mitigate a variety of climate change and pollution impacts in 2015.
“Over the next few decades, the primary concern is with flooding from coastal storms,” that report states. “Over the longer term, the rise of sea level from climate change will compound the effects of flooding and inundation since storms will be superimposed upon a progressively higher stand of sea level.”
It uses the U.S. Geological Survey's Coastal Storm Modeling System to predict local impacts.
“The western and eastern corners of southern Long Beach are at high risk of flooding during a 100-year storm (or a large storm surge) with no rise of sea level,” that study states. “Roughly 22,492 people are currently at risk of flooding.”
Sea-level rise will exasperate those high seas by flooding thousands more people during major storms, it states.
Studies to prepare for sea-level rise already have been done, and are continuing, at the ports of Long Beach and Los Angeles. Long Beach is considering modifications to its breakwater, while City Hall is logging its greenhouse gas emissions and researching ways to protect Alamitos Bay.
In San Pedro, Port of Los Angeles officials are drafting a study due in 2019 to find vulnerabilities and adaptations to reduce the impact of rising seas.
“The port is taking the potential for sea level rise into consideration as it designs and builds new developments,” spokesman Phillip Sanfield said. “For example, port engineers are designing the soon-to-be built Wilmington Waterfront Promenade with an additional 6 inches of height to account for sea-level rise. Private developers planning the San Pedro Public Market along the port's main channel have raised the height of the planned building by a few feet in consideration of sea-level rise.”
Staff writer Lauren Williams contributed to this report.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday upheld the constitutionality of a process for challenging low-quality patents. Since its creation in 2011, this "inter partes review" (IPR) process has dramatically lowered the cost of defending against frivolous patent litigation.
The process allows an executive branch agency—not the courts—to revoke a patent after it has been granted. Critics claim that runs afoul of the Constitution's requirement that only the courts can deprive people of their property.
But the Supreme Court didn't buy it. In a 7-2 decision written by Justice Clarence Thomas, the nation's highest court ruled that patent rights were fundamentally a government-granted privilege that could properly come with strings attached. One such condition is the risk that the patent office might change its mind and invalidate a patent that it had previously approved.
The ruling preserves one of defendants' most potent weapons against patent trolls. Challenging a patent in court can cost millions of dollars. As a result, prior to 2011, it often made sense for defendants to settle a patent case even if they believed that the patent wouldn't stand up in court.
But then Congress passed the America Invents Act, which created a new administrative process called inter partes review. That process cuts the cost of challenging a patent down to the low six figures. It has shifted the playing field for patent litigation, allowing the targets of frivolous patent lawsuits to fight back without going broke in the process. The new Supreme Court ruling puts that process on a firm constitutional footing, which should make life difficult for patent trolls for years to come.
The case was really about the nature of patent rights
The legal challenge to the IPR Process came from an oil company called Oil States Energy Services, which owns a patent on a method for securing a drilling tool to an oil well. In 2012, Oil States sued another oil company, Greene's Energy Group, in the patent-friendly Eastern District of Texas. Greene's used the IPR process to challenge the patent, and the patent office concluded that it was invalid.
But Oil States sued, arguing that the Constitution requires an IPR-like process to occur in the judicial branch—not in an executive branch agency like the patent office. Executive branch agencies do not have the independence of judges, and they don't necessarily offer all of the due-process protections provided to litigants by the judicial system.
While the argument was officially over the difference between the executive and judicial branch, this was really a dispute about the nature of patent rights. Are patents fundamentally a government-granted monopoly (a "public right," in legal jargon), or are they a form of private property akin to a home or car?
The Constitution provides robust legal protections, including a guarantee of due process through the judicial branch, to private property: a law allowing a federal agency to take someone's home or business without the approval of the courts would be unconstitutional.
But it doesn't make sense to extend that same level of protection to government-granted monopolies. After all, the public interest may require curtailing or eliminating these kinds of monopolies in the future.
"Congress can grant a franchise that permits a company to erect a toll bridge but qualify the grant by reserving its authority to revoke or amend the franchise," the court's majority wrote, citing a 101-year-old precedent on the topic. "The same is true for franchises that permit companies to build railroads or telegraph lines."
The big question, then, was which category a patent fell into. The court's seven-member majority ruled that patents are "public rights"—rights granted by government and subject to subsequent revision by the executive branch. The IPR process, the majority wrote, involves "reconsideration of the government's decision to grant a public franchise." In other words, it's more like a government-granted privilege to run a toll bridge than it is like your property right in your home.
And this basic philosophical disagreement—are patents better thought of as government monopolies or private rights?—undergirds many of the patent cases the Supreme Court has heard in recent decades. During the 1980s and 1990s, the courts (especially the patent-loving Federal Circuit court) increasingly came to see patents as analogous to conventional property rights. This had the effect of tilting the field in favor of patent holders, since it made patents easy to defend and difficult to challenge.
But in the last 12 years, the Supreme Court has beat back many of these patent-friendly decisions, making patents weaker and easier to challenge. A landmark 2006 ruling made it more difficult for plaintiffs to get injunctions in patent cases—a right that is routinely granted to holders of conventional property rights but which gives patent holders massive amounts of leverage. A 2007 ruling made it easier to challenge patents that are obvious, while a 2008 ruling held that patent protections are "exhausted" once a product is sold to a customer—the patent holder can't require subsequent use of the same product to get a separate license. The Supreme Court has also limited patent protection for abstract ideas, human genes, and computer software.
None of these rulings was explicitly about whether patents are monopolies or property rights. But the question implicitly shapes how courts think about these kinds of questions. Monopolies are generally viewed with skepticism; property rights are not. "Allowing petitioners to patent risk hedging would preempt use of this approach in all fields and would effectively grant a monopoly over an abstract idea," the Supreme Court wrote in its 2010 ruling on patenting abstract ideas.
Tuesday's ruling is important in its own right, as it preserves a process that has had a real impact on the patent-litigation problem. But it's also a barometer of how the Supreme Court's justices are thinking about the patent system more generally. The fact that seven of the nine justices continue to view patents as a government-granted franchise, not a form of property rights, suggests that the high court's more-than-decade-long smackdown of pro-patent jurisprudence could continue for years to come.
SOME of the shops destroyed or damaged in a massive fire in a Chinatown building in Adelaide's CBD could remain shut for up to nine months, complex management says.
Two businesses – Asian supermarket Oriental Mart and Bing restaurant – were destroyed and several others were damaged when a blaze ripped through a building on the corner of Grote and Moonta streets about 1am on Tuesday.
The inferno caused $1.5 million damage and forced the temporary closure of the damaged and destroyed shops in the complex.
Camera Icon A large fire destroyed and damaged numerous shops in Adelaide's Chinatown on Grote and Moonta streets. Picture: Supplied
These shops are Dumpling King, Sys Souvenirs, Holiday Travel and Grote St Dental as well as Oriental Mart and Bing restaurant.
The businesses sustained varying levels of damage.
Commercial SA manages the properties in the building and a spokeswoman said that some of the more severely affected shops could be shut up for up to nine months.
“Unfortunately we do not have a definite time these will be shut as the investigators are still conducting their investigations,” she said.
Police initially believed an arsonist started the fire but then deemed its cause as being “undetermined” but not suspicious.
A federal judge has ordered Kansas' top elections official to turn over a proposed change to federal voting rights laws that he took to a meeting with President Donald Trump.
After privately examining the documents, U.S. Magistrate James O'Hara ruled Monday that parts of documents from Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach are “unquestionably relevant” to a lawsuit challenging a state law requiring voters provide proof of their U.S. citizenship when registering.
The order also instructs Kobach to produce a related internal document about proposed changes to the National Voter Registration Act. The ruling allowed him to redact parts of the plan that did not involve the voting rights issues.
An Associated Press photo of that November meeting showed Kobach holding a paper outlining homeland security issues.
All Hours Plumbing and Drain's skilled and licensed plumbers deliver fast, affordable, and reliable maintenance, repair, and installation of water heaters.
[SANDY, 05/30/2018] – All Hours Plumbing and Drain Cleaning understands how inconvenient it can be to have an inefficient, or worse, a broken unit. As such, the company dispatches technicians right away to provide water heater services.
Maintenance for Improved Heaters
All Hours Plumbing and Drain Cleaning helps maintain water heaters to prevent expensive repair costs. It has the means to prolong the use and life of a water heater, as well.
With regular tune ups, the company can correct water sediment buildup. This issue can cause several problems and result in slow water flow, bad smell, and noises. All Hours Plumbing and Drain Cleaning wants to ensure that the water heaters of residents run efficiently and that it lasts long as it can.
Efficient Services
The company's technicians can get a unit up and running again as soon as possible, ensuring customers resume their routines. They make sure that no resident endures cold showers and other inconveniences brought by water heater problems.
If a water heater becomes too cold and goes beyond repair, it may be time for a replacement. All Hours Plumbing and Drain Cleaning can help residents in picking out a new water heater. The company's contractors also help install the new unit as soon as needed.
About All Hours Plumbing and Drain Cleaning
All Hours Plumbing and Drain Cleaning offers quality general plumbing services. Its services also include boiler repair, water heater repair and installation, water treatment, water softener and filtration, and more. The company's team of skilled and qualified professionals delivers the best possible service in Salt Lake City and nearby communities. Its contractors show up on time and finish the job on time and according to standards.
No plumbing issue can be too small or too big for All Hours Plumbing and Drain Cleaning to handle. For more information, go to https://saltlakedraincleaning.com/ today.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand has petitioned the Department of Justice to investigate whether the US Olympic Committee intentionally failed to act on reports of former USA Gymnastics team doctor Larry Nassar's abuses and whether such a mishandling violated the law.
Scroll for more content...
"These young women have demonstrated great courage by speaking out about the cruelties they have endured. The tragedy of their cases is only compounded by the number of times this predator could have been stopped," Gillibrand wrote in a Saturday letter to Attorney General Jeff Sessions, referencing the more than 150 women who have come forward with stories of abuse at the hands of the disgraced doctor.
"These young women and children were failed time and again. I call upon the Department of Justice to investigate the depth of those failures and whether they violated the law," the New York Democrat wrote.
The call for a criminal probe comes in the wake of reports that the US Olympic Committee was alerted to the abuse as early as 2015, but failed to act on the allegations.
"The U.S. Olympic Committee had a moral duty to act when informed of a possible crime," Gillibrand wrote. "Their inaction resulted in the abuse of even more young women and girls."
She asked that the Justice Department look into "the extent to which other parties have failed in their duty and should be held responsible for their contribution to Dr. Nassar's crimes."
Nassar was sentenced to up to 175 years in prison last month after more than 150 women and girls said in court that he sexually abused them over the past two decades. He pleaded guilty to seven counts of criminal sexual conduct in Ingham County in Michigan. Nassar was back in court last week to face at least 65 more victims.
The US Olympic Committee has called for an investigation by an "independent third party to examine how an abuse of this proportion could have gone undetected for so long." USA Gymnastics and Michigan State University also face a number of investigations and lawsuits.
Gillibrand also joined with Sens. Jeanne Shaheen, D-New Hampshire, and Joni Ernst, R-Iowa, in calling for US Olympic Committee CEO Scott Blackmun to resign in light of the reports.
Danish authorities ban use of open fire amid dry weather
COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) — Fire authorities in Denmark have banned the use of open fires across the country because of dry forests and grass as Scandinavia sees an unusual long stretch of very warm weather.
The ban, which entered into force Wednesday, came after weeks with little rain. Denmark's Meteorological Institute has said this year saw the warmest June in 26 years. Institute spokesman Mikael Scharling said no precipitation was in sight.
The institute recorded an average of 15 degrees Celcius (59 F) for May, breaking a previous record of 13.8 C (56.8 F) for May from 1889.
Similar fire risk warnings have been made in southern parts of Sweden and Norway.
FoodMaxx Supermarket showcases confidence in the economy-PM Nagamootoo -300 to be employed when fully functioning
DPI, Guyana, Monday, December 11, 2017
The Giftland Mall added the FoodMaxx Supermarket to its portfolio on Sunday evening. The superstore, located on the bottom floor of the Giftland Mall, Plantation Pattensen, Turkeyen, features a number of local produce on sale including cuts of meat and healthy meals prepared daily.
The $1B supermarket, currently employs over 100 persons, and when fully operational, some 300 will be employed.
Delivering the feature address was Prime Minister Moses Nagamootoo, who congratulated the Beepat family on showcasing their confidence in the local economy. “Roy Beepat has bought to Guyana something that is new, innovative, something that has put us now in a different standard of integrated business, and for that, he deserves appreciation for his confidence and for his business acumen”, Prime Minister Nagamootoo said.
Addressing the subject of local content, Prime Minister noted that when Beepat shared the idea with him of providing a local market for local produce, he thought “of a businessman that not only thinks about doing suitcase training.” He further explained that, “Too many people are busy importing rather than creating a market for local producers… and we have to constantly advertise ourselves.” The Prime Minister described local as good and stimulates in Guyanese a sense of who we are.
Minister of Business, Dominic Gaskin said the Giftland Mall is a perfect example of “Investors' confidence in the economy,” and encouraged Guyanese to consume more local products, thereby creating a demand on the market.
Minister Gaskin explained that often times in interacting with producers, the cry is that there is no market for their products, “However, this supermarket will see farmers being able to supply their produce for resale.” The Business Minister encouraged others to use this investment as an example to invest in the local economy.
Chairman of the Giftland Group, Royston Beepat noted that agriculturally, Guyana has the resources to make the country resilient. The entrepreneur added that there must be cooperation between the government and the private sector, especially in the business sector of the country. Beepat thanked his team who assisted in making the supermarket, and particularly the mall, a success. “Two years and a half after I am proud to say that the entire mall is 99.5 percent full of businesses”, he declared.
The launching of the supermarket also saw in attendance, Mrs. Sita Nagamootoo, Minister of Agriculture, Noel Holder and members of the Diplomatic Corps.
The supermarket is currently only 20 percent stocked, will be fully stocked in the next 90 days, and was officially opened today.
By: Gabreila Patram
For more photos, click on the link to the DPI's Flickr Page
https://www.flickr.com/photos/142936155@N03/
April 24 (UPI) -- Sam Rockwell has been cast in the next film from director Taika Waititi, a World War II film titled Jojo Rabbit that stars Scarlett Johansson.
Jojo Rabbit will follow a young German boy in Hitler's army who finds out that his mother, played by Johansson, is hiding a Jewish girl inside their home.
Rockwell will appear in the film as a Nazi captain who runs a Hitler Youth camp, noted The Hollywood Reporter. Waititi, who recently helmed Marvel's Thor: Ragnarok, will also be starring as Adolph Hitler who is the boy's imaginary friend.
Waititi, who has also directed Hunt for the Wilderpeople and What We Do in the Shadows, wrote the script for Jojo Rabbit and is producing alongside Carthew Neal and Chelsea Winstanley. Production on the film is expected to start in the spring, Variety reported.
Rockwell, who was last seen in Three Billboards Outside Ebbing which earned him the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor, will also star as President George W. Bush in Adam McKay's untitled biopic about former Vice President Dick Cheney starring Christian Bale.
Counter demonstrators attack a white supremacist during a rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, the US, on Saturday (Reuters photo)
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Virginia — US authorities on Sunday were investigating the outbreak of violence in Virginia following a white nationalist rally that killed one person and injured more than 30, presenting US President Donald Trump with a major domestic challenge.
The violence in the Southern college town of Charlottesville on Saturday was widely condemned, with many politicians and activists on both the left and right also criticising Trump, a Republican, for waiting too long to address it and when he did so, failing to explicitly condemn the white-supremacist marchers who ignited the melee.
On Sunday, however, the White House said in a statement that Trump's remarks on Saturday condemned all forms of violence and bigotry, including neo-Nazi groups and the Ku Klux Klan (KKK).
"The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry, and hatred, and of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi, and all extremist groups," the White House said. "He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together."
The violence has put fresh pressure on the Trump administration to take an unequivocal stand against that segment of his political base. Some rightists have claimed allegiance to him.
Trump said on Saturday that there was more than one side to the Charlottesville incidents.
"We condemn, in the strongest possible terms, this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides," he told reporters at his New Jersey golf course, without specifically mentioning or faulting the role of white nationalists.
Virginia police have not yet provided a motive for a man plowing a car into a crowd of people objecting to the white nationalists, but US attorneys and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have opened a civil rights investigation into the crash, an FBI field office said.
Four people have been arrested, including James Fields, a 20-year-old white man from Ohio who is being held in jail on suspicion of crashing the car. The vehicle killed a 32-year-old woman and injured 19 people, five of them critically.
Federal authorities were also looking into a helicopter crash on Saturday that killed two Virginia state policemen aiding efforts to quell the clashes.
On Sunday morning, before the White House statement, Ivanka Trump, the president's daughter and White House adviser, appealed on Twitter for Americans to "be one country UNITED. #Charlottesville". She also posted: "There should be no place in society for racism, white supremacy and neo-Nazis".
Also before the statement, US Senator Cory Gardner of Colorado, who chairs the Republican Party's Senate election effort, called on the president to condemn "white supremacists" and to use the term.
"Calling out people for their acts of evil — let's do it today — white nationalist, white supremacist," Gardner said on CNN's "State of the Union" programme on Sunday. "We will not stand for their hate."
An organiser of Saturday's "Unite the Right" rally, which was staged to protest the planned removal of Confederate war hero Robert E. Lee's statue from a park, said supporters of the event would not back down.
"Absolutely we are going to have further demonstrations in Charlottesville because our constitutional rights are being denied," said Jason Kessler, whom civil rights groups identified as a white nationalist blogger. He did not specify when.
Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat, declared an emergency and halted Saturday's planned rally, but that did not stop the violence.
About 15 people were injured after rival groups fought pitched battles using fists, rocks and pepper spray.
"There is no place for you here," McAuliffe said, addressing white supremacists. "There is no place for you in America."
The rally stemmed from a long debate in the US south over the Confederate battle flag and other symbols of the rebel side in the Civil War, which was fought over slavery.
The Charlottesville violence is the latest clash between far-rightists and the president's opponents. At his January inauguration, black-clad anti-Trump protesters in Washington smashed windows, torched cars and clashed with police, leading to more than 200 arrests.
About two dozen people were arrested in Charlottesville in July when the Ku Klux Klan rallied against the plan to remove the Lee statue. Torch-wielding white nationalists also demonstrated in May against the removal.
It was players versus coaches in a Pittsburgh Steelers arm wrestling showdown. Defensive lineman Cam Heyward took on linebackers coach Joey Porter Over the Top style and you might be surprised at the outcome. Luckily, defensive lineman Stephon Tuitt was there to capture it all on video.
Come on @camhey97 do it for the culture!!!! #armwrestlingchampions A post shared by Stephon Tuitt (@stuitt) on Oct 6, 2017 at 5:59am PDT
Porter got the best of Heyward but in fairness to Heyward, it certainly looked like Porter had done a bit more arm wrestling in his day.
Porter spent eight seasons with the Steelers as a linebacker and was always known as one of the most intense competitors on the field. It would appear that six seasons removed from being a player hasn't changed that at all.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Le Pen is likely to win 25 percent of votes in the first round of the elections, which is 0.5 percent less compared to the previous survey's results, the Paris Match magazine said, citing the results of the poll conducted jointly by the Ifop/Fiducial polling and market research firms for local media.
© AFP 2016/ GEORGES GOBET Fillon Excludes Candidacy Withdrawal From Presidential Elections Citing Crisis Possibility
Fillon's chances for victory in the first round of the elections are 0.5 percent higher than on Monday and he is expected gain 18.5 percentage points in the first round of the elections, closing the gap with independent candidate Emmanuel Macron, whose popularity has not changed, to 1 percent, the magazine also indicated.
Macron is still expected to secure 19.5 percent of votes in the first round.
Fillon used to be the leader of the race after The Republicans' primaries, but his image was marred by a fraud job scandal that erupted in late January around his wife's allegedly fake employment.
The first round of the French presidential elections is scheduled for April 23. The run-off is slated for May 7.
The 2nd ranked Roughriders beat the Archers Friday 2-0 to move on in the Region 16 tournament.
Cruize 1000 Posts +
Join Date: May 2007 Posts: 2,525
Re: Saints Trying to Trade Delvin Breaux If healthy, which sadly he hasn't been since his first year, he's better than Crawley and Harris. Not even close. With Lattimore currently out and with PJ's injury history, I just don't get it. If after the preseason they like what they have minus Breaux and the others are healthy, so be it. To trade or cut him now would be a mistake.
Winners to be awarded at gala on Nov. 4
The Revelstoke Chamber of Commerce 2017 Business Excellence Awards nominees have been announced.
The winners will be announced at the awards gala on Nov 4.
Nominees include:
Entrepreneurial Excellence Award
Bart & Tracey Larson – Mt. Begbie Brewing
Craig McKee – Diversified Cleaning Services
Jean-Marc LaFlamme – Entrepreneur
Josh & Jenn McLafferty – Monashee Spirits Craft Distillery
Lauren Barras – Boulder Mountain Massage Studio
Lauren Webster & John Pierce – Dose
Sara Sansom – Feather and Stone
Sarah-Jeanne Bernard, Olivier & Sonia – Le Marche
Olivier Dutiel & Sonia Rattè – La Baguette expanded restaurant
Diane & Stephen Bull – The Annex
Stephen & Rebeka Jenkins & Olivier Dutiel – Quartermaster Eatery
Stephen & Rebeka Jenkins – Explorers Society Hotel
Business Person of the Year
Aimee Schalles – McKenzie Peak Law Group
Andrew Danyluk – Tantrum Ride Co.
Chester Beerling – Begbie Glass
Claudio Burnetti – Grizzly Sports Bar & Grill
David Evans – MacKenzie Village
Dayna Leonard – Pip and Dex
Diane Bull – The Annex/Style Trend Clothiers/Mint Magazine
Fred Beruschi – The Regent Hotel/Best Western/Cheers/Traverse Night Club/ Stoke Hotel/Boulder Mnt. Liquor Store/ Revelstoke land and Development
Jen and Mark Baron – Somewon/Integrated Apparel
Jordan Cochrane – Jordan Cochrane Construction Ltd.
Lauren Webber – Dose Coffee
Lewis Hendrickson – Vic Van Isle Construction Ltd.
Lisa Lamothe – Sandman Hotel Inn
Roberta Bobicki – Revelstoke Credit Union
Sara Sansom – Birch and Lace/Feather and Stone
Stacey Lamont – Your Office and Art Centre
Stephen and Rebeka Jenkins – The Explorers Society
Steven Cross – Revelstoke Outdoors
Business of the Year
Birch & Lace
Boulder Mountain Massage Studio
Craft Bierhaus
Eagle Pass Heliski
Everything Revelstoke
1st Impressions Hair Salon
Monashee Spirits Craft Distillery
Revelstoke Equipment Rentals
Revelstoke Mountain Resort
Selkirk Tangiers Helicopter Skiing
Stoke FM
Style Trend Clothiers
The Taco Club
Terra Firma Farms
The Explorer's Society Hotel
The Powder Springs
The Sandman Hotel
Tree Construction
Universal Footwear
Zalas Restaurant
Employee of the Year
Annette Pawlitsky – RCU insurance
Cathy Suraci – Save-On- Foods
Chris Duncan – Stoke Shuttle
Colette Poirier – Selkirk Tangiers Helicopter Skiing
Crystal Donato – 1st Impressions
Crystal Robichaud – Revelstoke Credit Union
Debbie Morabito – Revelstoke Credit Union
Doug Pendergast – City of Revelstoke
Elaine Campbell – School District 19 Revelstoke
Geno Boiley – Resort Express
Harumi Sakiyama – Revelstoke Museum & Archives
Iannick Cyr Michaud -The Explorers Society Hotel
Jacqueline Kelsall – Tree Construction
Jean Arnold – TD Bank
John Morrison – Everything Revelstoke
Kiel Mason – Eagle Pass Heliski
Kristin Smit – Third St. Chiropractic
Luisa Corton – Sandman Hotel Revelstoke
Mandy Leonard – Mackenzie Peak Law Group
Michelle Renaud – Revelstoke Equipment Rentals/SCORE/R Carwash etc.
Naomi Morgan-Sutton Place
Nicky Ball – City of Revelstoke
Paula Hayden – Sandman Hotel Revelstoke
Randy Knecht – Jacobson Ford
Roma Threatful – Revelstoke Credit Union
Sandra Grant – Revelstoke Credit Union
Simon Allwein,- Integrated Apparel
Tammy Sutherland – Home Hardware
Zuzana Chmielova – Main Street Cafe
Accommodations Excellence Award
Alpen Rose B&B
Best Western Revelstoke
McCarty B&B
Monashee Lodge
Powder Pillow B&B
Ramada Revelstoke
Swiss Chalet Motel
The Explorers Society
The Stoke Hotel
Food Service Excellence Award
112 Restaurants
A&W
Big Eddy Pub
Chubby Funsters
Dose
Emo's
Kawakubo
Main Street Cafe
Minh Tuyet's Vietnamese Bistro
Mountain Meals
Padrino's Pizzaria
Paramjit's Kitchen
The Quartermaster Eatery
The Taco Club
Woolsey Creek Café Bistro
Zala's Steak & Pizza
Tourism and Attractions Excellence Award
Apex Rafting
Beaver Lodge Kids Bike Park
Big Eddy Market
Eagle Pass Heliskiing Ltd.
Enchanted Forest
Luna Art Festival
Natural Escapes Kayak Tours
Parks Canada – Beaver Lodge Bike Park
Revelstoke Paragliding
Revelstoke Dam – BC Hydro
Revelstoke Street Fest – Revelstoke Arts Council
Revy Riders Dirt Bike Club
Selkirk Tangiers Helicopter Skiing
Sky Trek Adventure Park
Revelstoke Snowmobile Club – Welcome Centre
The Canadian Snowbirds Visit – Robert Powadiuk City of Revelstoke
Economic Development & RMR
Three Valley Gap Heritage Ghost Town
Wild Blue Yonder Whitewater Rafting
Retail and Service Excellence Award
1st Impressions Hair Salon
Big Mountain Kitchen
Flowt Bikes & Skis
Free Spirit Sports
Red Apple
Revelstoke Family Pharmacy (People's Drug Mart)
Revy Outdoors
Rona
Society Snow & Skate
Stay Cool Automotive
Stoke Roasted Coffee
Style Trend Clothiers
Tantrum Ride Co.
Valhalla Pure Outfitters Revelstoke
Industrial and Manufacturing Excellence Award
East End Auto
Jordan Cochrane Construction Ltd.
Lortap Architectural Millwork
Mt. Begbie Brewing Co.
Revelstoke Electric
Revelstoke Garage
Stay Cool Automotive
Stoke Works Lt
Take to Heart Specialty Wood Products
Tree Construction
Vic Van Isle Construction
Home Based Business Excellence Award
Calico & Lace Creations (Seamstress) – Wendy Lucas
Jumping Creek Pottery – Kaitlan Murphy
Monashee Drafting and Design – Melanie Bernier
Pip & Dex Custom Cakes and Cupcakery – Dayna Leonard
The Popcycles – Lucy RobidouxRevelstoke
Tree Care – Bob Walker
Sensitive Sisterhood – Jackie McDonald
Terra Firma Farms – Terra Park
Touch of Elegance – Tanya Secord
Track Street Growers – Sarah Harper & Stu Smith
Walks & Fun Dogwalking – Inga Legowiecka
Community Support Excellence Award
Amar Bal
Cathy English
Clara Maltby
Dennis Berraducci
Ginger Shoji
Graham Harper
Jean-Marc LaFlamme
Keri Knapp
Melissa Hemphill
Miriam Manley
Nicole Fricot
Revelstoke Credit Union
Royal Bank Revelstoke Employees
Shaun Aquiline
Steven Hui
Tracey Spannier
Victoria Strange
Youth Employer Award
Pharmasave
Revelstoke Mountain Resort
Sandman Inn Revelstoke
Starbucks
Style Trend Clothiers
Subway Revelstoke
The Annex
The Modern Bakeshop & Café
The Nomad
The Roxy Theatre
Zalas Steak & Pizza House
Best New or Renovated Building Design
Eagle Pass Heli Lodge
Jordan Cochrane Construction Ltd. – 1760 Westerburg Road
Mt. Begbie Brewing Company Ltd.
The Annex
The Explorers Society Hotel & Quartermaster Eatery
The Stoke Hotel
Tree Construction
Wild Blue Yonder Whitewater Rafting
SAN DIEGO (KUSI) — The Faulconer Administration came to office emphasizing the theme of One San Diego: Bringing people together to get things done.
That theme was fractured in the past week and a half as compromise at City Hall gave way to fierce political partisanship over a special election for Convention Center expansion and SoccerCity.
The council killed the mayor's hard fought attempt to get Convention Center expansion to the ballot this November. Instead, what he did was provoke and unify the Democrats to speak with one voice in opposition.
This return to partisan division began when the council cut the funds the mayor put in his budget for a special election. The Republican mayor vetoed the cut and put the money back in the budget, in part, by cutting the budgets of councilmembers Barbara Bry and Chris Ward, two Democrats who were angered at being targeted.
"The mayor penalized two council members. I represent District 1, and Chris Ward who represents District 3 because we were against his Convention Center Measure and SoccerCity," Councilmember Bry said.
Councilmember Chris Ward was a bit more blunt in his comments warning his Democrat colleagues to take notice.
"We must be mindful that any one of us can be a target of deliberate retaliation. This sets a precedent for the future," Councilmember Ward said.
Republicans are also unified, standing with their mayor. Councilmember Mark Kersey didn't see the cuts as retaliation because council district budgets are not equal.
"If the budgets had started out equal and the Mayor had then stacked them to be not equal, I would be voting to override that veto," Kersey said.
Nevertheless, there were no cuts in Republican council districts. Councilmember Chris Cate downplayed the criticism, saying harsh, personal comments often happen during heated debates on big issues, indicating the partisanship will subside.
"When we come back to council chambers next week, we're gonna be in agreement on issues that are going to be the focus of each of the neighborhoods that we represent," Councilmember Cate said.
But the session on Monday will not be about neighborhoods. It's about putting the SoccerCity initiative on the ballot in November.
The Democrats failed to muster enough votes to cut the funds for a special election, but they do have the votes to also kill SoccerCity if they choose.
Only five votes are needed and there are five Democrats.
SoccerCity investor Nick Stone is not optimistic.
"The way people should be thinking about this is a vote on behalf of the city council to kill the initiative. The special election, part of the initiative on Monday, is really a vote on behalf of the city council to kill the project," Stone said.
There are two options before the council. One: Adopt the SoccerCity initiative outright or two: Reject it and set a date for a special election.
Whether that's November or sometime next year, this initiative will go to the ballot.
It's already well established that the Pittsburgh Steelers are tough at home. The friendly confines of Heinz Field make for tough sledding for opponents. But with the New England Patriots coming to town this week we had to dig into the numbers a bit for a striking trend that works to the Steelers favor with Ben Roethlisberger at quarterback.
As you can see from the graphic below, the second game of a home back-to-back has been big for Roethlisberger. So much so that he's won the last 10 in a row. And four times in those 10 wins he was the AFC Offensive Player of the Week.
GB Week 12 2017 — 33-45, 351, 4 TDs 2 INT
Jets Week 5 2016 — 34-47, 380 yards, 4 TD, 0 INT
OAK Week 9 2015 — 24-44, 334 yards, 2 TD, 1 INT
CLE Week 10 2015 — 22-33, 379 yards, 3 TD 1 INT*
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Steelers Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
BAL Week 9 2014 — 25-37, 340, 6 TD, 0 INT*
IND Week 8 2014 — 40-49, 522 yards, 6 TD, 0 INT*
CIN Week 17 2014 — 24-38, 317 yards, 2 TD, 1 INT
DET Week 11 2013 — 29-45, 367 yards, 4 TDs, 0 INT*
CIN Week 15 2013 — 20-25, 191 yards, 1 TD, 1 INT
CLE Week 17 2012 — 15-23, 134 yards, 3 TD, 0 INT
*AFC Offensive Player of the Week
Why is this important? Because this week's game against the Patriots will be the second of two in a row as well. Just looking at the numbers Roethlisberger has put up in those games (68.9 percent completions and 35 touchdowns) you can feel pretty confident that if the Patriots want to beat the Steelers they might have to outscore them.
If Pittsburgh loses to the Patriots Sunday it will buck a pretty significant trend. There's plenty to worry about the Steelers' defense getting carved to pieces by the New England offense. But if these numbers matter, Roethlisberger is going to do his part.
Amazon is slashing prices across its store in the Early Easter Sales - and there's a great LaCie Rugged external hard drive deal to be had.
The LaCie Rugged Mini USB 3.0 1TB external hard drive normally costs about £90, but it's down to £59.99 on Amazon, for today only.
The LaCie Rugged drive is rather iconic, with its distinctive orange bumper to keep it protected from drops and knocks, making a popular choice for those looking to backup or store data on the move.
There are a number of different versions of this drive, but it's only the USB 3.0 version (from 2016), that's on offer. It offers you 1TB of storage, giving you plenty of space to store things like video files out on location.
It's rain resistant, can withstand drops and can be run over, withstanding 1000kg of pressure.
The Amazon Easter sales are running up until Easter weekend, but this drive will likely only be on offer for 24 hours, so don't delay.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DESCANSO, Calif. -- Three men riding in the trunk of a car during an apparent human-smuggling attempt in the East County highlands were injured Tuesday -- one seriously -- when the driver crashed the sedan at high speed while trying to evade the U.S. Border Patrol.
The 18-year-old driver of the orange Mazda 6 sped off when federal personnel directed him into a secondary inspection area at a USBP checkpoint on Interstate 8 in Pine Valley about 11:45 a.m., according to the California Highway Patrol.
Border Patrol agents gave chase, tailing the car to the west as the young man fled at speeds exceeding 100 mph, CHP public-affairs Officer Travis Garrow said.
Near state Route 79, the suspect lost control of the sedan while trying to use the southern shoulder of I-8 to pass slower-moving traffic. The Mazda veered off the north side of the freeway, struck a wooden post and tumbled down a grassy embankment, overturning on the way down before coming to rest on its wheels.
One of the occupants of the trunk, a 31-year-old man, was ejected during the crash and was badly hurt, Garrow said. The other two, ages 27 and 19, suffered moderately serious injuries. Medics took all three to Sharp Memorial Hospital in San Diego.
The driver, who escaped the wreck unscathed, was taken into custody by Border Patrol agents, Garrow said. The suspect's name was not immediately released.
Our military may very well receive an augmentation straight out of science fiction with a mechanical third arm for soldiers.
Move over, Iron Man. Real heroes are already being armed with the sort of exoskeletal tech that could bring the big screen to the battlefield. The goal? Stronger, faster, better soldiers waging the wars of the future with superhuman endurance and abilities.
And while projects like Special Operations Command (SOCOM)'s Tactical Assault Light Operator Suit (TALOS) are making headlines, the Army Research Laboratory has been quietly toiling away at not merely enhancing the bodies of their soldiers, but quite literally expanding their reach.
Plainly dubbed “The Third Arm,” this additional appendage would serve a host of functions both in and out of combat. It would not be firing weapons itself — no three-guns showdowns just yet — but it could provide a means for soldiers to carry gear without the arm fatigue that can too often prove fatal in the heat of combat.
By transferring weight from the soldier's arms to his torso with the use of this additional limb, our freedom fighters will, in theory, be able to greatly reduce the incidence and severity of combat fatigue that results in decreased accuracy and endurance at crucial life-and-death moments.
Increasing efficiency, comfort, and weapon steadiness could translate into fewer casualties and more effective missions. But future versions of the same tech might even allow soldiers to tote around weapons that would normally be too unwieldy to support high-mobility engagements. The 82-pound M2 .50 caliber machine gun is a brutally effective weapon against even attack helicopters, but it isn't exactly something you can run around with. The aid in movement and positioning offered by a mechanical arm could bring weapons like this to bear in a wider range of scenarios, meaning our troops would be better prepared for more situations.
And even as we move into an age where mankind fights its wars from behind distant computer screens via mechanized warriors, keeping our brave men and women safe in the meantime is good news for all Americans.
spkb25 5000 POSTS! +
Join Date: Aug 2004 Location: Baltimore, MD Posts: 9,708
Re: Saints believe offensive line can be 'as good as anybody,' but downplays any talk of running game being emphasized Originally Posted by jeanpierre Realistically, once all healthy, we're right there with the Cowboys...
https://twitter.com/JoelAErickson/st...15974646784001 I have been saying this. With health this oline could be our best in years, and the backs we have now...this could be a very effective running team. If that happens that alone could steal us a couple of wins
The Palmer amaranth weed is pictured in Harrison County, Iowa, United States in this undated handout photo obtained by Reuters March 31, 2017. Bob Hartzler/Iowa State University/Handout via REUTERS
An invasive weed likely entered Minnesota through seed planted on land in a U.S. conservation program, state agriculture officials said on Thursday, bringing to a close an official probe of a growing threat to agricultural production.
Infestations of the weed, Palmer amaranth, have affected other states in the U.S. Midwest through seed planted on land in the federal Conservation Reserve Program, weed scientists have said. The program pays farmers to remove land from crop production to improve water quality, prevent soil erosion and protect endangered species.
Palmer amaranth, which is native to the Southwest, has spread across conservation land in Iowa, which accounts for nearly a fifth of U.S. corn production and in 2016 exported more than $1 billion of corn and soy.
Infestations of Palmer amaranth, which can grow as much as 2 inches a day, spread over 30 plantings in the federal program in Minnesota, according to the state agriculture department.
Until now, Minnesota officials were unsure of how the aggressive weed entered the state.
“We're pretty certain it came from the seed source just because there was no other pathway for the seed to have gotten there," said Geir Friisoe, director of the state agriculture department's plant protection division.
All infested Minnesota conservation plantings used seed from Cottonwood, Minnesota-based Green Valley Seed, the department said in a statement. The investigation did not find Palmer amaranth in leftover seed that was not used.
Green Valley could not immediately be reached for comment.
The company was fined $4,000 for violating the state seed law. One violation involved mislabeling seed from Texas, where Palmer amaranth is widespread, as being from Minnesota, according to the department.
The vicious weed was spread uniformly across the infested Minnesota fields, Friisoe said in an interview. Weed scientists have noted that is a clear sign that the source of Palmer amaranth was the seed.
Palmer amaranth is hard to kill and, if left unchecked, destroys as much as 91 percent of corn on infested land, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The weed has not yet spread into cropland in Minnesota, Friisoe said.
Under the state's seed law, it is illegal to sell or transport seed mixes containing the Palmer amaranth seed.
Landowners face increased costs to control the weed.
Minnesota's agriculture department will offer eradication services to help landowners eliminate the weed, Friisoe said, including testing suspect seed mixes.
(Reporting by Renita D. Young and Tom Polansek in Chicago; Editing by Bill Rigby and Matthew Lewis)
May 3 Pioneer Natural Resources Co:
* Pioneer Natural Resources Company reports first quarter 2017 financial and operating results
* Qtrly producing 249 thousand barrels oil equivalent per day (mboepd)
* Pioneer Natural Resources Co - maintaining capital expenditures for 2017 at $2.8 billion
* Q1 loss per share $0.25
* Pioneer Natural Resources Co - funding 2017 capital program from forecasted cash flow of $2.2 billion and cash on hand
* Pioneer Natural Resources Co - reducing forecasted 2017 oil production percentage as a percent of total production from 62% to 60%
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.17 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 earnings per share $0.25 excluding items
* Pioneer Natural Resources Co - Q1 revenues and other income $ 1,468 million versus $685 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.17, revenue view $1.00 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
ACERINOX
Goldman Sachs cuts to "neutral" from "buy"
ABERTIS
Citigroup cuts to "neutral" while Deutsche Bank cuts to "hold" from "buy"
CELLNEX
Deutsche Bank starts with "buy" with a 19 euro per-share price target
TREASURY
The Treasury aims to sell between 4.5 and 5.5 billion euros in an auction of four bonds.
PARQUES REUNIDOS
Barclays cuts to "underweight" from "overweight"
ISOLUX IPO-ISOL.MC
Bolivia's government said on Wednesday it had rescinded contracts to build a road and a dam with Spain's Corsan-Corviam, a subsidiary of Isolux Corsan SA, pulling contractual guarantees for more than $150 million.
ANTENA 3
Antena 3 said on Thursday that first quarter net profit slipped slightly to 28.4 million euros from 28.6 million euros a year earlier.
For today's European market outlook double-click on.
For real-time moves on the Spanish blue-chip index IBEX please double-click on
For IBEX constituent stocks highlight .IBEX in the command box and press the F3 button on your keyboard
For latest news on Spanish stock moves double click
For Spanish language market report double click on
For latest Eurostocks report please double-click on
Dundalk midfielder Conor Clifford has received a six-month worldwide suspension from all football-related activities for betting offences.
Following the FIFA ruling, the Football Association of Ireland confirmed the news a short while ago, adding that the player's ban had begun (Tuesday October 3). He will be unable to play until April 2, 2018, by which time his contract with Dundalk will have expired.
He has also been fined £600 by the English FA for "112 breaches of FA Rule E8". Clifford admitted all charges, all of which took place during his time in England.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
A human skull. A necklace with human teeth in it. A live grenade. Cremated ashes. Those are just some of the weird items on display behind the scenes at the Goodwill processing center in Fort Worth.
"Goodwill gets all kinds of donations," says David Cox, President and CEO of Goodwill Industries of Fort Worth. "We get the good, the bad, and the ugly."
But while the weird items get headlines, it's the more conventional stuff that allows Goodwill to spread good will.
In 2017, the Fort Worth locations alone brought in 608,456 donations totaling 40,766,552 pounds, which was turned around and sold for about $40 million. That includes money from 23 retail stores and its online store, which it uses to sell some higher-value items that draw a broader interest such as brand-name items, jewelry, collectibles, and computers--which are all verified and refurbished.
The bulk of the money raised stays in the community, funding Goodwill's 22 programs that range from helping the homeless, disabled, and veterans get job training to helping high school dropouts earn GEDs and move on to colleges.
And the things that don't sell off the shelves and racks? They get bundled and sold to scrap companies or are recycled. Since 2011 Goodwill Fort Worth has kept more than 165 million pounds of material out of landfills.
For more information, visit goodwillfortworth.org.
Yes, a football game will be played Sunday but we are really here for the star power.
Beyond the touchdowns and fumbles, the Super Bowl is a full-fledged entertainment event on a massive scale. Super Bowl LII will be no exception.
Here's why:
Pink is singing the national anthem
She's got the pipes for sure, and you best believe fans will be watching closely to see how she does.
Every year, debate breaks out over who gave the best performance of "The Star-Spangled Banner" of all time.
Over the years, artists ranging from Beyonc- to Faith Hill have taken on the song. Many rank the late Whitney Houston's rendition of the national anthem in 1991 in the top spot.
One thing most folks are betting on is that Pink will most assuredly sing live.
After all, this is a woman who didn't even lip sync when she performed an aerial act while singing her hit "Glitter in the Air" upside down at the 2010 Grammy Awards. (She's also done it on tour).
The singer is herself as excited as fans it seems.
Pink is a Philadelphia native and she tweeted her joy at performing during a Super Bowl with her hometown team the Eagles playing.
She may want to heed some advice from friends.
In an interview with Minnesota's Star Tribune, Kelly Clarkson had some words of wisdom for Pink.
Clarkson performed the anthem at the Super Bowl in 2012.
It was a lovefest between the two singers when they performed "Everybody Hurts" in November at the American Music Awards.
"Definitely make sure you're wearing in-ear [monitors] because boy, that two-or-three-second delay [in the stadium speakers] can really screw ya," Clarkson told the Star Tribune. "It can end up being the longest version of 'The Star-Spangled Banner' ever."
Justin Timberlake's halftime show
This one is going to be the source of lots of chatter for multiple reasons.
For one, his followers are going to want to hear Timberlake's hits, despite the fact he has a new album out titled "Man of the Woods."
The singer has reportedly been rehearsing for hours upon hours to get ready for the 13- minute performance.
Then there's the little matter of the last time Timberlake appeared on the Super Bowl stage.
He and Janet Jackson found themselves at the center of one of a massive controversy after her breast was exposed during their Super Bowl XXXVIII performance in 2004.
It was chalked up to a "wardrobe malfunction," and both stars apologized for it.
But many still want Timberlake to apologize to Jackson, who bore the brunt of the scandal.
He has since said he and the superstar singer are all good, but some say the best mea culpa make good would be for Timberlake to bring Jackson out to perform with him.
But at a pre-game press conference Thursday, Timberlake put that suggestion to rest.
"To be honest, I had a ton of grand ideas about special guests," he said. "There's a whole list I think Vegas has a lot of odds on it, I heard, from 'N Sync to (Jay-Z) to Chris Stapleton to Janet (Jackson). But this year, I'm just excited. My band The Tennessee Kids, they're my special guests."
Timberlake said "the odds are good" he'll perform his hit "Can't Stop the Feeling," then added, "I'm not giving away anything else, so don't even try it!"
* Rahul Gandhi takes over from his mother, Sonia Gandhi
* Elevation comes ahead of key state polls
* Prepares to challenge dominance of Prime Minister Modi (Adds details of decision, quotes; paragraphs 3-13)
NEW DELHI, Dec 11 (Reuters) - India's main opposition Congress party on Monday elevated Rahul Gandhi, the scion of the country's most fabled political dynasty, as its president, preparing to challenge the dominance of Prime Minister Narendra Modi ahead of national polls in 2019.
In a long-awaited move, Gandhi, the great-grandson of India's founding prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru, was elected unopposed to head the party. He will take the reins from his mother Sonia, the party's longest-serving president, since 1998.
"The entire Indian National Congress family would like to convey our best wishes to incoming President Rahul Gandhi, and wish him a successful tenure as he continues to lead from the front," the party said on its official Twitter handle.
Television broadcast images of party supporters celebrating the news outside Congress offices in the capital, New Delhi, and the financial hub of Mumbai.
Ever since Congress was defeated heavily in the 2014 national election by Modi's party, Gandhi has struggled to convince voters, as well as many within his party, of his leadership skills.
But Gandhi was now geared up for the next challenge, senior Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad said on Monday.
"The entire country has lots of expectations from Rahul Gandhi," Azad told reporters. "Much before he was elected he has shown his mettle. He knows his responsibility."
Modi's depiction of the 47-year-old as an undeserving "prince" has helped sideline Gandhi since the last national election, during which time Congress has suffered some of its worst results in local elections.
The news coincides with state polls in Modi's western home state of Gujarat that are shaping as a test for the prime minister, who has been facing criticism for slowing economic growth and poor implementation of a nationwide sales tax.
The Congress hopes a round of state elections offers the party, and Gandhi, a shot at revival ahead of the next national elections, due in 2019.
Still, Modi remains immensely popular.
Nearly nine of 10 Indians have a favourable opinion of him and more than two-thirds are satisfied with the direction in which he is taking the country, a Pew survey found in November.
Modi's favourable rating was 30 points more than Gandhi's, the poll showed. (Reporting by Aditya Kalra and Nidhi Verma; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
A SCHEME to help reduce drunken violence and pub-related crimes in Bangor has been hailed a "success."
The Pubwatch initiative is helping to reduce alcohol-related crime since the introduction of a ‘What's App' group for licensee's and staff.
Pubwatch in Bangor was established several years ago as a joint venture between local police and licensed premises.
The focus was to achieve a safe, secure and responsibly led social drinking environment in Bangor licensed premises.
According to organisers, it has 'moved on a long way' since members would just attend monthly meetings to be informed of individuals facing banning orders or receive intelligence about known troublemakers.
Since the start of 2017, members can communicate and be updated by a bespoke ‘What's App' group set up on North Wales Police-provided mobile phones.
Martin Angus, licensee of the Varsity in Bangor and chairman of the Pubwatch group who manages the scheme, said: "The ‘What's App' group has proved an invaluable tool in combating ASB (anti social behaviour) across members bars and clubs.
“It allows the early and immediate sharing of information about known troublemakers, banned persons or potential flash points and gives our staff the opportunity to nip any trouble ‘in the bud' or summon
“Police support before more serious trouble occurs. Not only does this provide a safer environment for all our customers and city visitors but it also provides reassurance to staff."
The App also allows police officers to share information about crime taking place in licensed premises or even vulnerable or missing people believed to frequent certain pubs or clubs.
PC Lisa Thomas at Bangor Police Station, who helps coordinate the scheme said: ‘It's simply about helping keep people safe, be they pub or clubs goers, licensed premises staff or even visitors to the city in the vicinity of pub and clubs.
“The App has proved invaluable. It's also proved vital when looking for missing and vulnerable people and so helps reduce demand too. I'd like to thank the venue secretary of Bangor and Bacbac for supporting the purchase of phones and Vodafone Bangor for their continued support."
Martin Angus added: "The system is very user friendly, efficient and proven to be very effective and can only get better with more participants. Pubwatch is getting stronger, but could be stronger still if every licensed premises were on board'
For further information on Pubwatch email Martin Angus at info@varsitybangor.co.uk. Alternatively contact PC Lisa Thomas at Bangor Police Station 07896 170 409 or Lisa.Thomas@nthwales.pnn.police.uk
CHARLESTON, WV (WCHS) — Governor Jim Justice's theatrical news conference to veto the budget bill by unveiling a pile of cow manure has everyone talking and the story even making international headlines.
The press conference won't soon be forgotten but not because the state still doesn't have a budget but by the big cow patty that was sitting in the middle of the Capitol Rotunda to let the state know how the governor felt about what was proposed to him.
“What we have is a nothing more than a bunch of political bull you know what,” Justice said as he unveiled the manure that was sitting atop of the proposed budget.
It's no secret Justice isn't shy about using props to make a point and he defends his decision.
“I think the people of West Virginia deserve someone who will talk to them with straight talk. I mean, just straight, down home talk,” Justice said in an interview with Eyewitness News.
Justice didn't mince words, taking shots at both sides.
“But it conveys the message of exactly what's going on. You've got a bunch of people that think they're the circus and they love it, they just feed on this politics thing. Democrats and Republicans alike,” Justice said. “And we're worried about me bringing in a cow pie? Are you serious?”
Some though, aren't too pleased with the show. Thousands weighed in on social media. One man wrote that he was ashamed to be a West Virginian and urged the governor to act like one and not a “circus ring master.”
Others, think he proved his point.
Wayne Riffel wrote that it got their attention and the opposing party was made accountable.
“I think he's trying to make a point. Kind of a stinky, messy point but I think that's what his opinion of the budget was,” Clendenin resident Preston Fitzwater said.
“Well, that was wrong, he didn't do it in the right way. I was really embarrassed, to tell you the truth,” Bennett Hines said.
“You know, we've got roads that are just terrible. We've got people suffering from the flood. You know, I don't see either branch doing a whole lot right now. They need to quit trying to score points with each other and get something done,” Fitzwater said.
Justice has urged lawmakers to stop the immature antics. So whether this was a mixed message or a strong one, depends on who you ask.
“This is not a game. This is serious stuff,” Justice said.
Comments
comments
The 36th annual Country Music Showdown will be back in Minden for artists who want to take a shot at the big time.
Set for 7 until 9:30 p.m., Saturday, June 24, at the Minden High School auditorium, Real Country 104.5 FM KBEF will host the largest country music talent search and radio promotion.
Now into its 36th year, the country showdown continues to find the best country talent in the nation. New to season 36, is a year of artist development through music industry partners Tom Jackson Productions, Nashville Vocal Studio, Blue Grotto sound and a host of guest publishers, managers and industry professionals.
More than 300 radio stations across the nation sponsor local showcase events. Winners advance to the regional events where prizes include $1,000 and an opportunity to compete in one of five semi-final events.
Semi-final winners receive an all-expense-paid trip to the national final to compete for the coveted title, “Best New Act in Country Music,” and an artist development package.
“We consider the Country Showdown one of the most anticipated events in country music each year, Mark Chreene, 104.5 KBEF owner, said. “It's an exciting community event that provides aspiring artists in our area an opportunity for state, regional and national exposure while promoting a greater appreciation of country music. We're excited to bring this event to Minden.”
Each year, more than 50,000 artists compete throughout the U.S. Past local, regional and semi-final winners include Martina McBride, Carrie Underwood, Luke Bryan, Garth Brooks, Miranda Lambert, Neal McCoy, Sara Evans, Brad Paisley and Billy Ray Cyrus.
Open to vocal/instrumental performers, the country showdown welcomes individual acts or groups with up to seven members to compete. Acts also must not have performed on a record charted in the top 100 country format of Billboard within 18 months preceding the local competition.
A $30 entry fee is required of all acts entering the country showdown produced by participating country music radio stations. To ensure fairness, a uniform judging system is used on all levels of competition.
Entry forms are available online only at www.thecountryshowdown.com. Deadline to register is Thursday, June 22.
For more information, contact Chreene at 318-377-1240 or email him at mark@kbef.com.
Related
Comments
comments
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - President of the European Parliament Antonio Tajani firmly condemned on Monday Facebook's poor protection of users' data, saying that it violated the privacy rights of EU citizens, and pledged to conduct a thorough investigation into media reports about Facebook users' personal data misuse.
"Allegations of misuse of Facebook user data is an unacceptable violation of our citizens' privacy rights. The European Parliament will investigate fully, calling digital platforms to account. #CambridgeAnalytics #CambridgeAnalyticaFiles," Tajani wrote in a tweet.
READ MORE: ICO Probes Allegations of Illegal Use of Facebook User Personal Data
© AP Photo/ Manish Swarup ‘Beast' Facebook Spreading Race Hatred - UN Investigator
Last week, media reported that the personal information of about 50 million Facebook users had been harvested without their permission by the Cambridge Analytica firm, which had links to US President Donald Trump's presidential campaign headquarters, in order to develop a mechanism that would predict and influence the behavior of voters.
According to media reports, Facebook learned of the fact that Cambridge Analytica had access to the personal information of the social network's users in 2015, after which it demanded that the data analysis firm delete the acquired information. The firm assured Facebook that its requirement had been fulfilled, however, last week Facebook learned that the data had not been completely destroyed.
First of all, Happy Independence Day to the Phoronix readers in the United States. On this rather light day, here is a look back at the most popular Phoronix articles during the second quarter of the year. During Q2-2018 were 924 original news articles published with new content each and everyday and that's in addition to another 68 featured Linux hardware reviews / multi-page benchmark articles.The past three months brought a lot of interesting content from the notable Linux 4.17 and 4.18 kernel work, interesting Apple news that impacts the Linux/open-source communities, (X)Wayland work, the long-awaited X.Org Server 1.20 release, also the big GIMP 2.10 release, new and interesting open-source projects, and much more.Of the nearly a thousand Phoronix articles during Q2-2018, here's a look at the twenty most viewed stories:Rafael Avila de Espindola is the fifth most active contributor to LLVM with more than 4,300 commits since 2006, but now he has decided to part ways with the project.One of Sony's compiler experts has taken to working on some tuning for the AMD Ryzen "znver1" microarchitecture support within the LLVM compiler stack. This begs the question why Sony is working on Ryzen improvements if not for a future product.For reasons unknown, Apple is looking to hire Linux kernel developers in both Texas and California.Going back several years one of our most favorite open-source games to monitor was the Unvanquished game project with its roots in the Tremulous game and built off the Daemon Engine that is a distant fork to ioquake3 by way of the also once very promising ET: XreaL work.It's still not clear if the EGLStreams XWayland support will be merged for xorg-server 1.20 but at least the patches were revised this week, making it possible to merge them into this next X.Org Server release for allowing the NVIDIA proprietary driver to work with XWayland.The kernel lockdown feature further restricts access to the kernel by user-space with what can be accessed or modified, including different /dev points, ACPI restrictions, not allowing unsigned modules, and various other restrictions in the name of greater security. Pairing that with UEFI SecureBoot unconditionally is meeting some resistance by Linus Torvalds.As expected, the Linux 4.17 kernel will move ahead with dropping support for older/unmaintained CPU architectures.While it could have been pretty much assumed up until now that Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8 would ship without Python 2 considering that next enterprise Linux OS release isn't even out yet, its long-term maintenance support, and Python 2 reaching EOL at the start of 2020, but now it's been made official.Git 2.13.7, 2.14.4, 2.15.2, 2.16.4, and 2.17.1 were all released today in order to fix two new CVE security disclosures.The Jade Desktop Environment is a new effort at delivering another Linux desktop option.While free software/hardware advocates have been ecstatic about the RISC-V open-source, royalty-free processor architecture, hardware so far hasn't been as open as desired.While there are the VIA/Centaur-based Zhaoxin desktop CPUs targeted for the Chinese market, it turns out there is another x86 Chinese CPU effort but this time is a collaboration with AMD.The past several months Lennart Poettering has been working on a "portable services" concept and that big ticket new feature has now landed in Systemd. Portable services are akin to containers but different.While there was a lot of hoopla recently about Valve removing the "Steam Machines" link from their main navigation on their website, Valve's Pierre-Loup Griffais has written a public post to reaffirm the company's commitment to Linux and SteamOS.With the release of the long-awaited X.Org Server 1.20 finally being imminent, here is a look at the many features that were merged over the past year and a half for this long drawn out release process. While more of the Linux desktop continues moving towards Wayland, X.Org Server continues evolving as shown by the 1.20 release and as part of that is also plenty on the XWayland side.It's been over a half-decade since the GIMP 2.8 stable debut and today marks the long-awaited release of GIMP 2.10.Ensuring your CPU microcode is kept up-to-date for Zen processors is now a little bit easier with the microcode files being added to the linux-firmware.git collection.While last week was the main power management feature updates for the Linux 4.17 kernel merge window that included the new ACPI TAD driver, Rafael Wysocki today sent in a secondary set of feature updates and it includes a rather significant development for Linux power and performance.With today's announcement of macOS 10.14 Mojave, Apple quietly confirmed they are deprecating OpenGL and OpenCL within macOS.It was just last year that open-source RadeonSI/RADV developers were trying to get the Radeon RX 580 "Polaris" GPU to be competitive with the GeForce GTX 1060 as it is under Windows given each GPU's capabilities. We've seen the RX 580 and GTX 1060 dancing under Linux the past few months and yesterday's 20-way GPU comparison with Rise of the Tomb Raider was quite significant -- perhaps most surprising being how well the RX 580 performed. Heck, just one or two years ago it was an accomplishment seeing any official Radeon driver support at-launch for new Linux game releases. So here are some extensive tests looking closer at the GTX 1060 vs. RX 580 battle in this latest Vulkan-powered Linux game port.As always, if you appreciate all of the original and timely Linux/open-source content on Phoronix, you can show your support by joining Phoronix Premium making a PayPal tip , or joining the new Liberapay . (While I normally work through any and all holidays, at least today will be a bit of a couple hour break due to my wife getting her citizenship today, so pardon the slightly slower afternoon.)
PITSBURG – A year after just barely missing her goal of qualifying for the state track and field meet, Franklin Monroe sophomore Selene Weaver is seeing her dreams come true.
The Franklin Monroe sophomore qualified for the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet in the Division III girls pole vault. Not only did she qualify, she cleared 11 feet 4 inches and won Southwest Ohio's regional championship in the process.
“I think making it to state is a huge accomplishment because I was fifth last year, and I was so close,” Weaver said. “Not getting it last year and being able to work so much on my form and technique and I put a lot of dedication into this year because that was one of my main goals. And the fact that I not only got into state but I won the region, which was awesome and I wasn't expecting that I would do that. It's very awesome to be able to participate in such an amazing event.”
Qualifying for the OHSAA state meet is just a continuation of what's already been a fantastic sophomore season. In March she made the Ohio Association of Track and Cross Country Coaches indoor state championships and finished ninth in the state.
The experience of competing at the indoor state championships should be beneficial, she said, but she expects a new set of challenges when she competes at 1 p.m. Friday at Jesse Owens Memorial Stadium on the campus of The Ohio State University in Columbus.
“It will definitely be a different environment going into the outdoor than indoor because in indoor you don't have those factors of weather and you know what's going to happen,” Weaver said.
Weaver already has overcome some obstacles to become one of the state's top vaulters. She regularly trains at Steve Shellhaas' barn near Ansonia or at Greenville High School with Green Wave pole vault coach Micah Coblentz, as she did Wednesday afternoon in preparation for this week's state meet.
“It's really nice, especially having Coach Coblentz because we don't really have a (pole vault) coach (at Franklin Monroe),” Weaver said. “My mom kind of is the coach for Franklin Monroe, but we don't practice as much at Franklin Monroe than we do in Greenville.”
She's the only Franklin Monroe athlete competing at state this week, but Weaver has lots of company with several local pole vaulters advancing to state.
“It's more like a family at this point,” Weaver said. “We're all supporting each other, and it's been a great ride with them.”
Coblentz has two Greenville pole vaulters going to state along with vaulters from Ansonia, Franklin Monroe and Versailles who he's helped coached. He's enjoyed working with Weaver and having her around his program.
“She is a great girl,” Coblentz said. “I've really enjoyed working with Selene. We get to work together at the barn, and there are times she'll come over for practice during outdoor. She's come a long way this year, and she just keeps improving on little things. There's still things she can work on, and the best thing is she's only a sophomore just like (Greenville's) Riley (Hunt) is, and we have time to really work on the things that she needs to work on, and she's already at a pretty good level at what shebeing doing right now.”
Weaver has cleared 11 feet 9 inches this season and at 11 feet 4 inches had the fourth best vault statewide at last week's Division III regional meets. That has her hoping for a strong showing at the state competition.
“I would love to podium, but we'll see how it goes,” Weaver said. “I think I can, but you never know what's going to happen because it is the state meet and a lot of people do really well at state and a lot of people don't do very well. So I guess we'll see.”
Coblentz sees a lot of potential for Weaver to continue improving the next couple years and hopes she shows some of that potential this week in Columbus.
“She's vaulting very well now, and I just want to see her again do her best there at the state meet, and I think she'll be happy with where she ends up if she does,” he said.
Franklin Monroe's Selene Weaver will compete in the Division III girls pole vault during the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet. https://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/05/web1_Selene-Weaver-WEB-1.jpg Franklin Monroe's Selene Weaver will compete in the Division III girls pole vault during the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet. J. C. Tilton | For The Daily Advocate
By Kyle Shaner kshaner@aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4312. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4312. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
MISSING GNOME - A Red Deer woman is asking for the public's help in finding her gnome, an 11-year anniversary gift from her husband. Carlie Connolly/Red Deer Express
A Red Deer woman is hoping someone will return her gnome back to her home after it went missing between the evening of May 26th to May 29th.
“This was a very special anniversary gift about 11 years ago from my husband. It was such a big surprise and it's irreplaceable,” said Cynthia Tiessen.
The 50-60 lb. gnome sat on her front lawn and was known to the neighbourhood children of 56th St. where Tiessen resides.
“Another thing that used to happen is couples would get married and they would come and sneak up onto the lawn and get pictures taken with her. She (the gnome) was always there.”
When Tiessen reported the incident to the RCMP, they had suggested somebody may have stolen it as a joke.
“Maybe somebody out there is going to go out and find this great big gnome and wonder where it came from or why it's there.”
Tiessen said the gnome means the world to her as it was a special gift. Her message to those out there is that, “If you just bring her back there would be no questions asked. We're not mad at anybody, it's just that she's part of the family.”
Tiessen said if it's found to bring it to her home at 4730 56th St.
FRANKFURT. Mutations in the p63 protein lead to a number of disorders, but none is as severe as the AEC syndrome. Scientists at Goethe University Frankfurt in collaboration with a research group from the University of Naples Federico II have now discovered that this syndrome resembles diseases such as Alzheimer's, Parkinson's or ALS more closely than it does other p63-based syndromes. Their results, which were recently published in the scientific journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS), lay some groundwork for the development of new therapies.
The origin of many diseases lies in genetic abnormalities that result in malfunctions in the proteins they are encoding. A well-known und extensively studied example is p53, the tumour suppressor protein. Inactivation of p53 is one of the first stages in the development of a tumour. Mutations in the homologous protein p63, however, lead to a group of syndromes characterised by defects in embryonic development.
The transcription factor p63 functions in the stem cells of the upper skin (epidermis) and regulates their development and proliferation. Mutations in a certain part of the protein are responsible for the life-threatening disorder ankyloblepharon-ectodermal dysplasia-clefting (AEC), which is characterised, for example, by cleft palate and long-lasting skin erosions similar to severe burns. Some symptoms can be remedied or alleviated through surgery, but so far an approach to treat the cause has not been possible due to a lack of knowledge about the mutated p63 molecules.
The mutations that cause the AEC syndrome cluster in two domains of the p63 protein and do not overlap with those of the other syndromes associated to it. Since these domains are known to be a platform for protein-protein interactions, it has to date been assumed that the disorder is triggered through a loss of those interactions.
"Instead, we were able to show that mutations within p63 expose hydrophobic amino acid sequences that attach to each other in the cell and form large unstructured complexes. This leads to the loss of p63's function as a stem cell factor," explains Professor Volker Dötsch from the Institute of Biophysical Chemistry at Goethe University Frankfurt. Similar types of protein aggregates also cause other diseases, such as Parkinson's, Alzheimer's or ALS.
A wide variety of biochemical, biophysical and cell biological methods as well as a mouse model of the disorder were necessary to decipher this novel mechanism in detail. A success that was only possible thanks to close and interdisciplinary collaboration with the research group led by Professor Caterina Missero at the University of Naples Federico II. The researchers were also able to show that p63 regains its activity once the formation of aggregates is blocked. The research therefore opens up promising new avenues for treating the causes of the AEC syndrome.
###
Publication:
Claudia Russo, Christian Osterburg, Anna Sirico, Dario Antonini, Raffaele Ambrosio, Julia Maren Würz, Jörg Rinnenthal, Marco Ferniani, Sebastian Kehrloesser, Birgit Schäfer, Peter Güntert, Satrajit Sinha, Volker Dötsch und Caterina Missero: Protein aggregation of the p63 transcription factor underlies severe skin fragility in AEC syndrome, in PNAS early edition, http://www. pnas. org/ cgi/ doi/ 10. 1073/ pnas. 1713773115
A picture can be downloaded from: http://www. uni-frankfurt. de/ 70121393
Caption: Child with AEC syndrome.
Photo: Virginia Sybert
Further information: Professor Dr. Volker Dötsch, Institute of Biophysical Chemistry, Faculty of Biochemistry, Chemistry and Pharmacy, Riedberg Campus, Tel.: 49-0-69-798-29631, vdoetsch@em.uni-frankfurt.de.
Current news about science, teaching, and society in GOETHE-UNI online.
Goethe University is a research-oriented university in the European financial centre Frankfurt The university was founded in 1914 through private funding, primarily from Jewish sponsors, and has since produced pioneering achievements in the areas of social sciences, sociology and economics, medicine, quantum physics, brain research, and labour law. It gained a unique level of autonomy on 1 January 2008 by returning to its historic roots as a "foundation university". Today, it is among the top ten in external funding and among the top three largest universities in Germany, with three clusters of excellence in medicine, life sciences and the humanities. Together with the Technical University of Darmstadt and the University of Mainz, it acts as a partner of the inter-state strategic Rhine-Main University Alliance. Internet: http://www. uni-frankfurt. de
Publisher: The President of Goethe University Editor: Dr. Anne Hardy, Referee for Science Communication, PR & Communication Department, Theodor-W.-Adorno-Platz 1, 60323 Frankfurt am Main, Tel: 069-798-13035, Fax: 069-798-763-12531.
PREMIER Mark McGowan's promise of a return to surplus in 2020 has taken a massive blow, with revised population estimates stripping the State of a further $348 million in GST dollars over the next four years.
Mr McGowan and Treasurer Ben Wyatt today reveal the budget black hole, which comes after the Commonwealth in December revised down its population growth forecasts for the State.
The new forecasts, which play a major factor in the Commonwealth Grants Commission's annual carve-up of the GST, mean the WA Government's estimate of a $709 million surplus in 2020-21 — made just six weeks ago — is already out of date.
It also spells bad news for Mr Wyatt, who is preparing the May Budget and had to deal with a $2 billion reduction in GST payments revealed last year.
“It is immensely frustrating when the first problem I need to deal with when preparing a new budget is yet another writedown on our GST share,” Mr Wyatt said.
“It's particularly galling when we already have an unfair distribution of the revenue but then that miserly share is whittled down by a further revision.”
Originally forecasting population growths of 1.45 per cent, 1.47 per cent, 1.5 per cent and 1.52 per cent respectively over the next four years, the Commonwealth is now predicting rises of 1.02 per cent, 1.06 per cent, 1.07 per cent and 1.08 per cent for WA.
The treasurer labelled Victoria and South Australia hostile states. The West Australian The treasurer labelled Victoria and South Australia hostile states.
But while WA stands to lose a further $348 million in GST payments, new population forecasts by the Commonwealth spell out far better news for other States.
WA Treasury predicts across the next four years, Victoria ($235 million), Queensland ($192 million), Tasmania ($73 million), the ACT ($58 million) and NSW ($6 million) will receive GST windfalls.
Mr McGowan described the latest GST setback for the State as a “kick in the guts from Canberra”.
“At the stroke of a pen, the Federal Government has ripped another $348 million from WA, funding that we could be investing in schools, our health system or job creating infrastructure,” he said.
WA currently receives just 34¢ in the dollar in GST payments.
Mr McGowan said he intended raising the latest $348 million budget hit with Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull this week as part of the COAG meeting.
“I'll be raising this matter and the urgent need for action on the GST system with the Prime Minister this week,” he said. “Western Australia deserves national leadership on the issue once and for all.”
A Productivity Commission report into GST reform is due to be handed to Federal Treasurer Scott Morrison in May.
Neither Mr Turnbull nor Federal Labor leader Bill Shorten have committed to GST reform.
New survey says one-fifth of respondents are even changing up their summer plans
Two-thirds of British Columbians say the high gas prices are making them change their habits, according to a new poll released Wednesday
Prices at the pump have been hovering around 160 cents a litre for weeks now, and show no signs of dropping.
Nearly half of those surveyed by by Insights West said they've reduced the number of times they use the car and 38 per cent said they've reduced the distance they're driving.
And it's not just driving: one-third of respondents said they've cut how much they spend on entertainment and food to cover higher fuel costs.
READ MORE: Are B.C.'s gas prices enough to keep you from travelling May long weekend?
READ MORE: How will Ottawa finish a pipeline Kinder Morgan couldn't?
More than half told pollsters they thought gas prices were a “very serious” concern.
Many British Columbians were pessimistic about the ever-increasing gas expense. Forty-three per cent said they thought higher prices were the new normal and almost three-quarters believed prices would be even higher by July.
It's even having an effect on summer plans: 20 per cent of people said they've changed their activities to rely less on cars.
Only three per cent said they've spoken to their MP or MLA on the issue.
@katslepian
katya.slepian@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
LAWRENCE -- Longevity is a such a pervasive goal in public health policy and even popular media, but individually most people only want to live long lives if they will be healthy, according to a new study that includes a University of Kansas gerontologist.
"People in three cultures from around the world are reluctant to specify their desired longevity," said David Ekerdt, KU professor of sociology and gerontology. "To me this is interesting because longevity is such a valued public health objective, but at the individual level, longer lives are a goal 'only if' I remain healthy."
Ekerdt is first author of the new qualitative study published in the Journal of Aging Studies that involved interviews with 90 people ages 62 and older who lived in Germany, China and the United States.
The study is part of the larger international project "Aging as Future" supported by a grant from the Volkswagen Foundation in Germany. Ekerdt has joined with researchers from the Chinese University of Hong Kong, North Carolina State University at Raleigh, the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg in Germany and the University of Jena in Germany.
Promoting longer lives does have tremendous value, Ekerdt said, especially in reducing mortality at younger ages. However, research into how individuals consider longevity is also important because it provides insight into how people think about the aging process, he said.
The results of these interviews reinforce previous findings from this research group that revealed many older adults -- in various cultures -- think of life as not a smooth continuum of time but segmented into different states. The researchers refer to four "ages" or stages of life, including the third age, which is an active retirement where people leave traditional work and family roles, followed by the fourth age.
"People seem to view one part of the future as wanted and another as not wanted, typically the 'fourth age' which is basically the period when one might experience a disability or a potential health decline," Ekerdt said.
For this study, the researchers interviewed 30 people in each country, and they recruited the sample with sex and age quotas to reflect a range of experience with retirement.
About one-third of respondents did not express aspirations for a longer life.
"Some felt their lives had already reached a stage of completion, and others as a form of fate acceptance," Ekerdt said.
A larger number of respondents did mention they wanted to extend their lives. Yet less than half of that group noted a specific amount of time they desired to live.
The strongest opinion among that group was the desire to live longer only if they maintained their current or what they deemed to be acceptable levels of health.
Ekerdt said the responses indicated people likely wanted to remain in the "third age" of active retirement and primarily independent living instead of the "fourth age."
"That stage typically involves more vulnerability and decline," he said.
One implication for public health advocates and gerontologists could be to focus not simply on longevity but stress health or quality of life as well when considering policies related to aging, the researchers recommended.
"Slogans like 'add life to years, not just years to life,' appear to match intentions from elders in three nations," Ekerdt said, "because they are saying something that appears to come from deep in human culture."
###
Queen Elizabeth is happy to welcome Meghan Markle to the royal family!
Fans noticed that when she hosted Honorable George Brandis, the Australian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom, at Buckingham Palace on Wednesday, a never-before-seen photo of Prince Harry and Meghan sat in a frame on a table in the living room. Harry, 33, is pictured wearing a blue suit, while Meghan, 36, wears a light fitted dress with her hair down.
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
It remains unclear where and when the shot was taken.
John Stillwell - WPA Pool/Getty
The Queen showed her support for the couple by throwing the lunchtime reception at St. George's Hall at Windsor Castle following their wedding ceremony at St. George's Chapel on May 19. The approximately 600 guests who attended the ceremony were invited to continue the festivities, during which Elton John performed and the highly anticipated lemon and elderflower wedding cake was served.
RELATED VIDEO: How Prince Harry and Meghan Markle Subtly Honored Princess Diana in Their Wedding Photos
And ahead of their big day, the 92-year-old monarch offered her official approval for Harry to tie the knot with Meghan, as he was required formal permission to marry under the Succession to the Crown Act.
“My Lords, I declare My Consent to a Contract of Matrimony between My Most Dearly Beloved Grandson Prince Henry Charles Albert David of Wales and Rachel Meghan Markle, which Consent I am causing to be signified under the Great Seal and to be entered in the Books of the Privy Council,” the Queen wrote in a letter released by Buckingham Palace on March 15.
0 Press Sec. Sarah Sanders chokes back tears over child's question on school shootings
WASHINGTON, D.C. -
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders seemed to choke back tears during Thursday's daily press briefing after a child asked a question about the recent spate of school shootings.
>> Read more trending news
A young reporter for Time for Kids, Benje Choucroun, 13, was at the briefing and said he and his friends don't feel safe at school, according to The Hill.
Kudos to the young student reporter who asked @PressSec about the admin's response to school shootings. He clearly came prepared, notebook in hand. Well done! pic.twitter.com/f5d7FDl8d3 — Jim Acosta (@Acosta) May 30, 2018
“One thing that affects my and other students' mental health is the worry about the fact we or our friends could get shot at school,” he said at the briefing before asking what the Trump administration is doing to prevent “senseless tragedies” like school shootings.
Sanders told Choucroun the “administration takes it seriously.”
"This administration takes it seriously," @PressSec says through tears in response to a young child's question at today's briefing about school shootings — Gabby Morrongiello (@gabriellahope_) May 30, 2018
“As a kid and certainly as a parent, there is nothing that could be more terrifying (than) for a kid to go to school and not feel safe,” an emotional Sanders said as she seemed to hold back tears. “So, I'm sorry you feel that way.”
President Donald Trump is scheduled to meet with survivors of the school shooting that took place in Santa Fe, Texas, a little over a week ago when he travels to Houston on Thursday.
>> Trending: Donald Trump responds to cancellation of 'Roseanne'
Sanders also said the administration's school safety commission is meeting this week to talk about more ways to combat the violence.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
By: The Associated Press
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) – A derelict former Rhode Island knife factory is being transformed into loft apartments that officials say could help revitalize a Providence neighborhood.
Gov. Gina Raimondo and Mayor Jorge Elorza, both Democrats, attended a Tuesday groundbreaking for the $22.5 million project to convert the former Imperial Knife Company building into housing. Fifty-four of the 60 units will be reserved for lower-income households.
Tax credits and government subsidies are helping to finance the redevelopment.
The large brick building in the city's Olneyville neighborhood was constructed in 1923 as a wool production facility for the Rochambeau Worsted Company. It was later used to make knives from the 1950s until 1987. It's been vacant for a decade.
Boston-based developer Trinity Financial has already begun construction. It's expected to be completed by fall 2018.
© WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
A single engine Piper goes down in a pasture. Photo by Jamey Boyum KLTV.
An East Texas plane crash Monday afternoon sent a Jefferson man to a Marshall hospital.
It happened northwest of the intersection of FM 1794 and Highway 59 in northern Panola County.
First Responders say the pilot himself called 911.
The plane was in a pasture near a pond leaning on its nose. The landing gear and prop were damaged, and although the pilot received a pretty bad cut on his head he stayed on the phone with 911 while multiple agencies searched for him, including Panola County Constable Bryan Murff.
“We attempted to locate the plane. Actually a company plane; another plane had come in and located him for us,” Murff said.
Marshall Fire Chief Reggie Cooper was also at the scene.
“Too much is a whole lot better than not enough,” Cooper said.
Seven different departments responded to the crash, and they had a hard time locating it, but determination paid off.
“This is a different type of situation where we actually know this individual. In actuality he is a retired firefighter from Marshall Fire Department,” Cooper revealed.
Charles Mayo was a captain and had been a pilot for many years. The Chief said that Mayo was bleeding but was conscious and walking around.
“He was able to tell us exactly what happened. Of course, he works for this pipeline company and while flying he lost power to his aircraft,” Cooper explained.
The Chief says Mayo couldn't get over to Panola County Airport.
“If there's any pilot you want flying you he'd be the one because he was trying his best to get that thing landed in an open field. And so because of the terrain he was unable to get his nose up and so, that's where the crash occurred,” Cooper relayed.
Cooper also said a Carthage firefighter drove Mayo through the mud to a waiting ambulance.
“He was able to communicate to the dispatcher that he had lost a lot of blood, and for this individual to say that it was more than likely a lot of blood that was lost,” Cooper added.
Chief Cooper also said when Mayo retired, he vowed to never get in another ambulance, but he thought getting in was the best choice, all things considered.
The FAA will be investigating the reason the single-engine 1952 Piper airplane went down.
Related: First responders give details about the Panola County plane crash
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
A Salina man was ordered to spend 20 years in federal prison for producing child pornography, according to a news release.
U.S. Attorney Tom Beall says the prison sentence for 54-year-old Michael N. Rodenbeek was handed down on Friday.
Rodenbeek had previously pleaded guilty to two counts of producing child pornography.
In his plea, Rodenbeek admitted to using an iPhone camera to record videos focused on the genitals of two victims, ages 9 and 10 years old.
The videos were made without the victims' knowledge.
The Wichita Police Department, Department of Homeland Security and the Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force investigated the case.
Scientists from the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, Sema4, and collaborating institutions New York University and the University of Florida today published a report detailing their new, more accurate method for identifying individual microbial species and strains in a community. This technique has important implications for microbiome analysis, with potential long-term applications for clinical care. The paper came out today in Nature Biotechnology.
Microbiomes are communities of bacteria, viruses, and other microbes that can be found everywhere from the surfaces of keyboards and cell phones to environments on and within us, such as our mouths or intestines. Disruption of the natural microbiome has been implicated in health conditions including infectious diseases, cancers, and complex disorders such as Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, and diabetes, among many others. Successful analysis of microbiomes depends on the ability to zoom in on these communities and identify the individual species and strains living within them.
To date, most techniques for identifying microbial members of these groups provide insufficient resolution. For example, a species might only be classified as part of its broader genetic family, rather than uniquely identified on its own. Existing methods are also not effective in the characterization of an important class of genetic materials that can shuttle between different bacterial species, known as mobile genetic elements.
In this new work, scientists used Single Molecule, Real-Time Sequencing technology and novel computational tools to classify microbes for the first time by analyzing both their genetic code and their methylation patterns, a second DNA code that regulates gene activity. This more comprehensive approach using long-read sequencing proved more precise than industry-standard protocols such as 16S sequencing or short-read sequencing, correcting errors and incomplete results in microbe identification generated by those methods. Importantly, the method provides a new way to link mobile genetic elements to their bacterial hosts, allowing scientists to more accurately predict the virulence, antibiotic resistance, and other biologically and clinically critical traits of individual bacterial species and strains.
"The biomedical community has long needed a microbiome analysis method capable of resolving individual species and strains with high resolution," said Gang Fang, PhD, Assistant Professor of Genetics and Genomic Sciences at Mount Sinai, and senior author of the paper. "We found that DNA methylation patterns can be exploited as highly informative natural barcodes to help discriminate microbial species from each other, help associate mobile genetic elements to their host-genomes and achieve more precise microbiome analysis."
In pilot projects using both synthetic and real-world microbiome samples, scientists were able to distinguish between even closely related species and strains of bacteria. They used methylation patterns to link related DNA sequence data, providing more holistic information about individual organisms. The team validated the method in low- to medium-complexity microbial communities, and is currently developing more advanced technologies to effectively resolve high-complexity communities such as environmental microbiomes.
"This project demonstrates the sophistication and power of analyzing many types of data together to yield insights that are not possible with more simplistic approaches," said Eric Schadt, PhD, Sema4 CEO, Dean for Precision Medicine at Mount Sinai, and a co-author of the paper. "Biology is complex, and our analyses must accurately represent that complexity if we hope to eventually deploy this information for clinical use."
###
Paper cited: Beaulaurier J et al. Metagenomic binning and association of plasmids with bacterial host genomes using DNA methylation. Nature Biotechnology. Primary funding for the research was provided by the National Institutes of Health.
About the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai
The Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai is an international leader in medical and scientific training, biomedical research, and patient care. It is the medical school for the Mount Sinai Health System, an integrated health care system which includes seven hospitals and an expanding ambulatory network serving approximately 4 million patients per year.
The School has more than 1,800 students in MD, PhD, and Master's programs and post-doctoral fellowships; more than 5,600 faculty members; over 2,000 residents and fellows; and 23 clinical and research institutes and 34 academic departments. It is ranked among the highest in the nation in National Institutes of Health funding per principal investigator. The School was the first medical school in the country to create a progressive admissions approach for students who seek early assurance of admission through the FlexMed program.
For more information, visit http://icahn. mssm. edu or find the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, and LinkedIn.
About Sema4
Sema4 is a health information company founded on the idea that more data, deeper analysis, and increased engagement will improve the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease. A Mount Sinai Health System venture based in Stamford, Conn., Sema4 is enabling physicians and consumers to more seamlessly engage the digital universe of health data, from genome test results and clinical records to wearable sensor metrics and more. The company currently offers advanced genome-based diagnostics for reproductive health and is building predictive models of complex disease. Sema4 believes that patients should be treated as partners, and that data should be shared for the benefit of all.
For more information, please visit sema4genomics.com and connect with Sema4 on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.
A MOTHER whose five-year-old daughter fell asleep on her school bus, sparking a widespread police search, has not appeared in Beaudesert Magistrates Court and has been refused legal aid.
Bobbie-Jo Langdon has been charged with three counts of stealing, and one count each of possessing a dangerous drug, possessing a drug utensil and failing to dispose of a needle.
The case has been adjourned until May 1 and Ms Langdon has been requested to appear at the Beaudesert Magistrates Court.
The charges come after her five-year-old daughter, Alyssa Jayde New, failed to get off a bus after her first day of Year 1 at Jimboomba State School, southwest of Brisbane.
Ms Langdon took to social media to try and find her.
Police later found the girl had fallen asleep on the bus and the driver had not checked the vehicle after it's route finished.
April 28 Palette Multimedia Bhd
* Entered into contract for sale of server and hardware related products to Trade House Atlantis Limited
* Contract for consideration of 1.4 million RGT
* The contract is expected to contribute positively to palette and its subsidiary for the financial year ending 31 May 2017 Source text : (bit.ly/2paPMk0) Further company coverage:
Sergio Pérez has lauded the FIA for making the halo mandatory on Formula 1 cars for the 2018 season, saying that the decision was a “very brave” one.
The halo has come under stern criticism from drivers and fans alike since its concepts were first seen on cars in 2016, as the FIA looked to reduce the risk of life-threatening or fatal injuries caused by flying debris.
The triple joint cockpit protection assembly has been seen to have had a major effect on the aesthetics of the car, whilst others believe that the sport should abstain from using it and stay a fully open-wheel formula.
However, Sahara Force India F1 Team driver Pérez said that the FIA have done the right thing by erring on the side of caution and safety, noting that teams will get used to it and the effects it has on car performance as the year goes on.
“It's a safety thing. After three, four races we will get used to it,” he said. “In Formula 1, everything is changing very quickly.
“It's definitely hurting a lot the aerodynamics on our side, but it's the same for everyone.” he added.
“I think it's a very good decision and a very brave decision from the FIA. We're pushing on safety, and I think it also shows this generation of drivers definitely are pushing for safety and not only for Formula 1, but for other categories.”
Pérez noted that the halo could have “saved a couple of lives” had it been introduced a decade ago, and potentially prevented Felipe Massa from suffering major head injuries after the Brazilian was hit by a wayward spring from Rubens Barrichello‘s Brawn GP car during Qualifying for the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
“When you see the Halo, if you had the Halo in the last 10 years, we would have saved a couple of lives already in the sport.” said the 28-year-old.
“Well done to everyone. I think it's something that other sports should be proud of. Although I don't like the look, it's something worth it.
“I expect and I hope that this year will be a really interesting year with all the teams closing up. It will be a great year. I hope Halo after two or three races, nobody talks about it any more.”
The device will feature not only on the 2018 Formula 1 cars, but the new generation of Formula 2 and some regional Formula 4 cars.
From Season 5, all Formula E cars will run the halo too.
Nunez Memo is Released; Florida Prisoner Strike Gains Momentum
On this episode of "By Any Means Necessary" hosts Eugene Puryear and Sean Blackmon are joined by Sputnik News Analyst Grant Ferowich to talk about Amazon, Berkshire Hathaway and JP Morgan Chase working together to provide their U.S. workers and families another option on health insurance. The group also talks about the urgency around preventive care and the need to move the healthcare system aware from a profit-driven model.
In a special second segment "By Any Means Necessary" is joined by Karen Smith, an organizer with the Incarcerated Workers Organizing Committee,. to talk about an ongoing prisoner strike in Florida called "Operation PUSH", the efforts for prisoners to secure basic human rights, the efforts by the Florida Department of Corrections to stop the strike and to punish organizers within and outside the prison, and the "good ole boy" network that oversees the Florida penal system.
In the third segment Lucas Koerner, writer, Venezulanalysis.com joins the show to talk about the latest political developments in Venezuela, the efforts by local community members to organize in the face of economic uncertainty, the involvement of US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Venezuela's internal politics, and the larger geopolitical shifts across the world that are impacting Venezuela's political, social and economic conditions.
Later in the show Eugene Puryear and Sean Blackmon are joined by Ra Shad Frazier-Gaines, Founder of the Black Progressives and Dane Figueroa Edidi, Black, Cuban, Indigenous, Nigerian trans woman, performance artist, playwright and advocate to talk about the release of the "Nunez Memo", the Arizona House voting to remove Rep. Don Shooter from office for 'workplace harassment', Rose McGowan's tense exchange with a trans activist, and the ongoing trial of former US gymnastic doctor Larry Nassar.
We'd love to get your feedback at radio@sputniknews.com
The politician came up with the idea while checking out one of the country's combine plants.
Russian President Vladimir Putin made a joke saying that he could work as a combine operator if he doesn't win the upcoming presidential election.
"Just in case, after March 18 I might go to work as a combine operator," the Russian leader said.
On Thursday, Putin was inspecting new machinery in the Rostselmash combine plant in Rostov-on-Don.
READ MORE: 'I Like Putin, I Would Have Voted for Him' — Ex-Deputy Head of German CSU
During his visit, he learned how to operate a combine harvester in a training simulator with a computer image of fieldwork displayed on the screen of the windshield.
© Sputnik/ Anton Denisov Putin Apologizes to Athletes That Moscow Didn't Protect Them Amid Olympics Ban
Putin assumed the place of the vehicle's driver and, following the instructions, started to reap the virtual harvest. He made his remark about possibly becoming a combine operator after finishing all the work.
Rostselmash is a group of 13 companies that produce equipment under the brands Rostselmash, Versatile, Farm King and Buhler. The corporation manufactures a complete line of machines and equipment for agricultural business at its assembly sites in Russia, the United States and the EU.
The presidential election in Russia will be held on March 18, 2018.
LEBANON, Tenn. – A high school student who posted an anti-bullying video attacking her school's administration was given a two-day suspension, but the school is saying it had nothing to do with her video's message.
Emily Gipson is a student at Lebanon High School in Lebanon, Tennessee. On January 22, she posted a YouTube video of her performing a free-verse poem about bullying and suicide at her school.
“Welcome to Lebanon High School, where smiles are fake and suicide prevention is something to laugh at,” she begins.
In the days since it was posted, Gipson's video has racked up more than 700,000 views — and has caused serious controversy at her high school.
Gipson was given a two-day suspension for the video, a punishment some people attributed to her strong words against the school's handling of bullying.
However, the school says it was a much simpler reason.
Why she was suspended
Jennifer Johnson, the spokeswoman for Wilson County Schools, posted a lengthy statement on the schools' Facebook page defending the school's decision.
“While it's been widely circulated that Emily was punished for inciting violence with her video, this is patently false,” wrote Johnson, a former news anchor.
“No such violation even exists in our student handbook. Three weeks ago, Emily asked a coach if she could use his classroom as a backdrop for a school project. When the video surfaced, weeks later, on YouTube… the coach was mortified by the nature of her message.”
“The video,” she wrote, “was shot after school hours, long after an announcement was made over the PA system indicating that students needed to be out of the building.”
Why she made the video
One theme of Gipson's video is the connection between bullying and suicide.
In October, a student at the school took her life, prompting a school meeting to address bullying. The girl was Gipson's friend, and the suicide led Gipson to pen the poem that eventually ended up in her viral video.
Johnson, the spokeswoman, said no bullying was discovered or reported by either Gipson or the friend.
“While students have said repeatedly that the student was bullied, there's no evidence whatsoever to support that,” she wrote. “The school had never received any bullying complaints from, or about, this student. At a community meeting, the student's parents openly admitted that they were not aware of any bullying.”
Gipson posted a follow-up to her original video, titled, “Have I Made a Difference Yet?”
“Never did I know that it would get this many views,” she says of her original video. “Through it getting this big, I have learned a lesson. This is not my school, this is everyone's school. This is a national problem.”
She then recites a poem reflecting on “the bad choices that save lives” and asking for compassion for people who are made to feel “you're not quite good enough.”
Quiz: Which Love Island girl are you?
Whether it's your guilty pleasure or you're a full blown addict, everyone has an inner Islander. Find out which one is yours...
We're five weeks in to this year's Love Island, and it's hard to imagine life without the Villa.
But which of the girls are you most like? Are you down to earth like Dani, or cool under pressure like Laura? Or perhaps a bit of a man-eater like Megan.
Take this quiz and find out....
It's been a tumultuous few months for Mariah Carey. After a high-profile split from her former fiancé billionaire James Packer, the high highs of the success of her reality TV show, and the low lows of her live New Years Eve performance, to say nothing of all the casual shade throwing in between, it seems things are finally starting to settle down.
But in the midst of all that drama, Mimi appears to have forgotten to make any Valentine's Day plans for her new flame, Bryan Tanaka. So what's a diva to do in a pinch? Why, recycle a romantic idea you already flawlessly executed for your then husband Nick Cannon three years ago, of course.
To celebrate this holiday all about love, the new couple started out by sharing an intimate bath time moment on Instagram, sipping rosé as they relax together in a giant copper tub.
Happy Valentine's Day!! 😘 #happyvalentinesday #happy #moments #bubbles 💖🥂🍾🥂🍾💖 A post shared by Mariah Carey (@mariahcarey) on Feb 14, 2017 at 10:16pm PST
Then, for her next thoughtful surprise, Mariah went solo, donning a candy-encrusted bra and posing in yet another bathtub, appropriately festooned tiny balloons and covered in confetti and Hershey Kisses, with a small cosmetic mirror placed just within eye-line so the pop star can ensure at all times that her amorous photographs never look bleak.
#happyvalentinesday #kisses 😘 A post shared by Mariah Carey (@mariahcarey) on Feb 14, 2017 at 11:19pm PST
RELATED PHOTOS: Photographic Evidence Mariah Carey Is Never Not Glamorous
All of that is very romantic – just as it was back in 2014, when she had the exact same idea, right down to the candy-covered bra. To her credit, however, the bra she crafted for then-husband Cannon was entirely constructed out of Sweethearts candies, whereas this year's was made out of Hershey Kisses hot -lued to a white push-up bra and featured way more diamonds.
Besides, we all know that this day, as with all holidays, isn't really about the man in Mariah's life. In fact, pretty much every event the Elusive Chanteuse experiences is just a flimsy excuse for a glamorous boudoir photo shoot, as we're sure her former back-up dancer knows all too well; aftera all, it's Mariah's World and we're all just living in it.
What do you think of Mariah recycling Valentine's Day plan? Would you be ok with your S.O. doing that to you? Sound off below!
A Kansas teenager who won't even be old enough to vote is running for governor.
Jack Bergerson has officially filed to run as a Democrat for governor of Kansas in the 2018 election. The Wichita teen says he wants to give Kansas voters a chance to try something that's never been tried before.
The Kansas City Star reports that Bryan Caskey, director of elections for the secretary of state's office, says Kansas doesn't set any qualifications to run for governor such as age, residency or experience.
One of Bergerson's 17-year-old classmates, Alexander Cline, will run to be his lieutenant governor. Cline will be old enough to vote by the election, unlike his running mate.
Bergerson's announcement Monday brought national attention, including an appearance on “Jimmy Kimmel Live.”
Over one hundred Cuban slave doctors working in Venezuela were robbed of $152,000 in a Sunday raid by one of the country's many criminal gangs, local media reported.
Police revealed the assault, which took place early Sunday morning, involved an intrusion by eight hooded men into a temporary camp on the Caracas-La Guaira highway. Of the victims, 88 had just arrived from Cuba to provide medical assistance, and all had $4,000 in their possession stolen.
Cuba uses “medical diplomacy” to maintain ties with many allies, including its closest ally Venezuela. The doctors are forced to travel abroad and do not get to keep most of their salaries, netting the communist Castro regime millions in revenue later invested into the repressive military state.
The robbery represents a major success for the perpetrators, given that $152,000 is more than most Venezuelans' entire savings. According to the latest exchange rates, the money is worth over 50 trillion in Venezuelan bolivares.
Investigators of the country's Anti-Theft Division will now review the files related to robberies perpetrated on the Caracas-La Guaira highway, in order to establish if there is any similarity with the crime committed against the Cubans.
According to the independent Havana Times, “The crime was committed with the complicity of some informant because the temporary shelter used by the Cuban medical personnel frequently changes.” Cuban state media has refused to report on the crime.
Crimes such as robbery remain rampant across Venezuela amid the country's dire economic and humanitarian crisis, leading growing numbers of people to turn to violence merely to ensure survival. Kidnappings, armed robberies, and violent attacks are now commonplace. Venezuela is widely considered one of the most dangerous destinations in the world.
As noted by El Nacional, “There are many travelers who have been stripped of money, luggage, and vehicles on the Caracas-La Guaira highway, especially at night and early morning when the road is little traveled and lacks surveillance.”
The doctors were present in Venezuela as part of an agreement between the two countries. Venezuela typically pays for the doctors in vast quantities of oil, an initiative that started under Hugo Chávez and Fidel Castro. Medical internationalism has also been a key aspect of the Cuba foreign policy, with the regime sending around 52,000 medical workers in humanitarian missions to over 90 countries.
Many doctors have complained that their work is a form of slavery by forcing them to earn negligible salaries while the Cuban regime takes a large amount of the profits. According to a lawsuit filed by dozens of Cuban doctor in Brazil last year, benefitting countries pay Havana directly for the medical services while the doctors are provided with a stipend that barely covers living expenses.
“There comes a time when you get tired of being a slave,” Cuban doctor Yaili Jiménez Gutierrez told the New York Times last September.
Critics have also suggested that rather than being driven by genuine humanitarian concern, the principal aim of Cuban medical internationalism is to promote the regime's image abroad and break the economic isolation imposed by the United States and other prominent western allies. It was previously estimated that Cuba makes $8 million a year from its medical trade.
Follow Ben Kew on Facebook, Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart.com.
When Amal Clooney visited her husband on the set of his upcoming film, Suburbicon, late last year in L.A., the Oscar winner displayed an unmistakable sense of pride.
“George and Amal were both glowing,” a set source tells PEOPLE in the new issue. “There were hints and rumors about her being pregnant. She seemed careful with food and didn't have any caffeine.”
Always gracious, Amal “greeted everyone with a friendly handshake and a huge smile. She acted very down-to-earth,” the source adds. “She didn't ask for anything and just wanted to hang out in the background. George wouldn't really let her, though. He would bring her around the set, beam and introduce her as ‘my wife, Amal.' It was very cute to see how excited he was.”
Now the world knows that the former perennial bachelor, 55, who stunned everyone in 2014 by proposing to Amal, a Lebanese-British human-rights lawyer, is about to become a first-time father — times two.
Multiple sources confirmed to PEOPLE that Amal, 39, is expecting twins — a boy and a girl — this spring.
“George is excited but nervous,” says a source close to the couple's inner circle. “He is excited about the kids, but also has the normal amount of nerves that come with being parents.”
For her part, Amal “strikes me as someone who'll be a fantastic mother,” says another insider. “Intelligent, loving, funny, smart, nurturing. She doesn't seem someone who will let kids get away with being Hollywood children.”
With houses in L.A. and Lake Como, the couple has been spending more time at their newly-renovated mansion just outside of London that they purchased for a reported $12 million shortly after their wedding in September 2014.
Both have continued to work but Amal “stopped traveling for dangerous missions months ago,” says another source. Clooney “knows how brilliant Amal is in her work and how nurturing of a person she is,” adds the source close to the couple's inner circle. “He knows she will be a wonderful mother.”
As for the actor, he “hinted that he might be taking some time off,” says the Suburbicon source. “That would be very rare for him, but now it all adds up. He's going to be the best dad.”
For much more about how the Clooneys are getting ready for parenthood, pick up this week's issue of PEOPLE, on newsstands Friday.
ALLEN PARK, Mich. (AP) – Detroit Lions made the move Monday to re-sign defensive tackle, Christian Ringo, addressing a need by adding depth on the defensive line. Christian Ringo has five career tackles and has forced one fumble. He played in six games for the Lions last season.
Ringo was a reserve in eight games in 2016 with Green Bay. The Packers drafted the former Louisiana-Lafayette standout in the sixth round in 2015.
April 13 Standard Alliance Insurance Plc
* May be unable to submit its management account for period ended March 31 to nse within timeframe required by regulatory agency
* Audited financial statement for the year ended 31 December, 2016 is still under review by the national insurance commission
* Optimistic to submit the management accounts to the exchange on or before 20 May, 2017 Source text ID: (bit.ly/2oDE5m7) Further company coverage:
If renovating Nepean Point is going to be worth the money, we have to make it magnetic, a place people cannot help but visit.
The lookout behind the National Gallery is a spectacular spot with glorious views of the heart of Ottawa and Gatineau. It's also hard to get to and there's nothing to do when you arrive but take in the view and then leave again. A couple of sculptures are all but concealed there. The decaying amphitheatre needs major work. The NCC rightly wants to take the opportunity to spiff the space up and connect it better to the rest of Ottawa, and it has $6.7 million to spend.
So here we are with the design competition, with four teams of experts presenting on Thursday different visions for how to renovate the place: “A Park For Our Nation In Progress,” “Bluff Point,” “Nogoshkodadwin Park,” and “Big River Landscape,” they're called. They're all pretty similar.
A fun game would be to read the descriptions and every time you see the words “dynamic” or “iconic,” take a drink. Actually, don't do that, because you'll die. “Meander” will get you pretty squiffed. “Choreographed” is about right for a fun night.
One proposal is to scrape the highest part of Nepean Point down to bedrock for “a clean start and a new terrain for all Canadians to inscribe the future evolution of the park.”
With what? Ah. “A fleet of small-scale equipment and supplies (carving and cultivation tools, water, soil, seeds, stools, hammocks) is supplied at the gate,” to help create “a process-based park” that will never be truly finished. Or a mess.
The renderings show children scampering barefoot on the rough rock. One little girl is about to pitch straight into an open firepit where a guy, implicitly Indigenous, is just sitting playing a drum while a lady takes his picture.
Another team's renderings look as if they've been smeared with Vaseline. The shafts of sunlight are clearer than the features they're supposedly illuminating, such as groves full of ghostly white cutouts of people.
This is before we get into the descriptive language. One proposal makes very much of Nepean Point as a symbolic meeting place for Indigenous and European cultures, which is fair enough.
“As we envisioned the creation of this iconic park, we used two types of geometries, symbolizing the two cultures, in order to create a seamless connection between Nepean Point, Major's Hill Park, and the urban context through the National Gallery of Canada,” it says. “This dichotomy of geometries meanders through the site, finds its way to the point, merges and meets at the centre of the park.”
Another proposal also wants to connect the past to the present and also “form a platform upon which new cultural memories can be created.”
Here's how: “In order to connect to the past, we envision a park where a visitor's journey through the landscape is punctuated by moments where they can listen to the ‘voices' of others and contribute their own voice to a dynamic conversation.”
The “voices of others” include the sounds of leaves and from the “power of the churning river below” (n.b. the Ottawa River does not churn below Nepean Point). There will be a place with “deep seating nooks” where people can experience “subtle ephemeral narratives” that “emanate from within the landscape,” and a firepit with “animated dialogue.”
So in some places the voices are metaphorical, in other places literal, and in the case of the churning river, imaginary. I guess contributing your own voice means you … whisper O Canada to the leaves?
Another proposal talks about flower beds that will “provide year-round interest.” One thing flower beds cannot do in Ottawa is provide year-round interest.
These are not uniquely bad proposals or anything. They're from national-calibre teams who obviously invested a lot of time and work. This is what practically any design-competition submission sounds like.
None of the proposals mentions children, families or play. There's no whimsy. They're all about making the landscape into a cultural and intellectual experience, which is the NCC's doing: its vision for Nepean Point is to “offer a multi-sensory experience, allowing visitors to discover the Canadian soul, as well as Canadian symbols, values, poetry and way of life.” It says nothing about fun.
You ask for guff, you get guff.
What's worryingly missing is what exactly will draw people to Nepean Point when we aren't going in numbers now. The renderings are crowded with visitors in all seasons, but … why?
All four proposals talk about eventually improving Nepean Point's connection to Major's Hill Park — three with walkable overpasses of the approach to the Alexandra Bridge, one with an underpass. Making it easier to reach will help.
Two of the four proposals mention cafés. The popularity of the nearby Tavern on the Hill this summer suggests that's a good idea. But what else have you got?
Think of what a non-draw the Garden of the Provinces is, or Commissioners Park when there's no festival in it. They're nice enough, well kept and in pretty locations, but there's no real reason to visit them. People at least pass through them on their way elsewhere.
Maybe there's deep latent demand for subtle ephemeral narratives and meandering geometric dichotomies? I fret there isn't.
This is how the Royal Ontario Museum in Toronto ended up with its $135-million “crystal” addition to its stately old castle. Designed by star architect Daniel Libeskind, it's a tremendous architectural statement, inspired by the museum's collection of gems and minerals, that opened in 2007.
“Libeskind created a structure of organically interlocking prismatic forms turning this important corner of Toronto, and the entire museum complex, into a luminous beacon,” Libeskind's studio says of it. The museum people adored it before it was built.
Problematically, it's kind of a bad space for displaying artifacts (like the outside, the interior walls are all at odd angles, not straight up and down) and it contains an inadequate ground-level entrance to the museum that the provincial government is paying to replace. It leaked and in a Canadian winter was a perfect machine for making icicles and pelting them down on passersby.
They forgot to ask whether the crystal addition to the museum would work as a museum. We're in danger of spending millions of dollars on a Nepean Point park without asking whether it works as a park.
dreevely@postmedia.com
twitter.com/davidreevely
ISTANBUL, March 29 Turkish state lender Halkbank said on Wednesday its deputy general manager Mehmet Hakan Atilla had been detained in the United States and said the bank and Turkish state were working on the issue and would share information when they have it.
U.S. prosecutors on Tuesday charged Atilla with participating in a multi-year scheme to violate U.S. sanctions against Iran, escalating a case that has added to tensions between the United States and Turkey. (Reporting by Can Sezer; Editing by Daren Butler)
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Pyongyang is ready for a "comprehensive" war and will respond to any provocation by forces hostile to North Korea, the embassy's plenipotentiary minister Zin Jeong Hep said Tuesday.
"Our army and our people have the will, the readiness and the strength to respond to any provocation from hostile forces. Our army and our people are ready to respond to any aggressive actions by the US and hostile forces. If they want a nuclear war, we can respond with nuclear war, if they want a comprehensive war, we are ready for a comprehensive war," the official said at a meeting with the leader of the Russian Liberal Democratic Party Vladimir Zhirinovsky.
The statement was made amid an escalation of tensions on the Korean peninsula with the South Korea and US military reporting April 16 that they had witnessed what they believe to be a failed missile test by Pyongyang which followed a number of missile launches and nuclear tests considered to be in violation with the UN Security Council resolution.
On April 14, US media reported that US President Donald Trump might order a strike against North Korea if Pyongyang decided to carry out another nuclear weapon test.
In response, the general staff of the North Korean armed forces threatened to launch a strike against US military bases in Japan and South Korea, as well as the presidential residence in Seoul in the case of US aggression.
April 20 Flying Financial Service Holdings Ltd :
* On 18 April company and Shenzhen branch of Bank Of Shanghai, Bank Of Shanghai entered into strategic cooperation agreement
* Deal pursuant to which parties shall cooperate to form alliance in developing various financial services for term of 3 years Source text (bit.ly/2oSDZFt) Further company coverage:
Friends and family of Taleya Guy, the victim of a shooting in Gautier on Wednesday, honored her life with a balloon release this weekend.
Taleya Guy was a hair stylist at the Ocean Springs Walmart. A memorial with flowers and pictures was set up on Friday at her former workplace.
Guy's funeral is scheduled for Tuesday, Feb. 6.
Taleya Guy's coworkers gather in front of the Ocean Springs Walmart for a balloon release in her memory pic.twitter.com/8ankx05fBr — Caray Grace (@caraygrace) February 3, 2018
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
'We have done this because it is our heartfelt wish that the election protest be resolved with dispatch,' the donors are quoted as saying
Former senator Ferdinand Marcos Jr on Monday, April 17, paid the first installment of the fee required for his election protest to progress.
Marcos insists Vice President Leni Robredo cheated her way to victory, and his compliance with the Supreme Court's order to pay for the recount of ballots is one step forward in his legal battle.
The P36 million he forked over on Monday will be followed by P30 million more due on or before July 14, for a total of P66 million.
But the former senator did not seem keen on paying the amount at first. His lawyer and spokesperson Vic Rodriguez said last Wednesday, April 12, that they would file a motion for reconsideration questioning why the computation was based on the number of established precincts and not clustered precincts. (READ: Marcos must pay P185M for all poll precincts, says Robredo lawyer)
Rodriguez also said they were given too short a time to raise the funds – the SC issued its resolution on March 21 but it was made public only on April 10, with a deadline that happened to fall on a holiday (Good Friday, April 14), so it was moved to Monday.
"Was this a deliberate act of impounding the resolution so that BBM (Bongbong Marcos) will not be able to comply given the very limited amount of time due to the Holy Week break?" the lawyer added.
But Marcos said on Monday that they went ahead with the payment after "friends and supporters" pitched in.
"Masyado kaming minadali. Gaya ng sabi ko, mabuti na lang na maraming lumapit at nag-offer na tumulong," the defeated vice presidential candidate said.
(We were forced to comply in such a short time. Like what I said, it's a good thing there were many people who came to us and offered to help.)
Marcos said his donors – 40 in total – pooled the funds over the Holy Week break to make it to the Monday deadline.
In a letter that Marcos submitted to the SC, the donors were quoted as saying: "We have done this because it is our heartfelt wish that the election protest be resolved with dispatch... 10 months is too long for this open wound to fester. This insecurity and instability is not good for the country."
Below are the names of the people who Marcos said came to his aid.
– Rappler.com
January 2, 2017
by Cleantech Canada Staff
LONGUEUIL, Que.—Innergex Renewable Energy Inc. along with three Mi'gmaq First Nations communities in Quebec have plugged the Mesgi'g Ugju's'n wind farm into the province's electrical grid.
Located on Quebec's Gaspé Peninsula, the 150-megawatt site includes 46 Senvion 3.2 MW M114 turbines and a single Senvion MM92.
The wind project has the capacity to power the equivalent of approximately 30,000 Quebec homes.
Construction on the project began in May of 2015 and employed 110 local workers at peak construction, with Borea Construction serving as the general contractor. Several of the turbine components, meanwhile, were built in Quebec. LM Wind Power manufactured the blades, while Marmen Inc. in Matane, Que. built the towers.
A 50-50 partnership between three First Nations communities and the Longueuil, Que.-based renewable developer, the Mesgi'g Ugju's'n wind farm will sell its power to Hydro-Quebec under a 20-year power purchase agreement.
Wednesday was the annual Rose Day at the capitol; a day where pro-life advocates meet with lawmakers to push for pro-life legislation and present them with a rose to symbolize the sanctity of life.
It was also a day when a House committee discussed two bills. The first, HB 1549, called the prenatal non-discrimination, would prohibit abortions because of a diagnosis of Down Syndrome or genetic abnormality of an unborn child. The vote was tied, four-four.
"Well it's a tie then we have the option to keep it a committee. There was some question about some of the members were interested in changing the vote and it would've failed, so I felt like will leave it as is and I discuss it between the next week,” said Representative Dr. Mike Ritz (R) Broken Arrow.
The other bill, HB 1441, would require a father to consent to an abortion. Opponents say it's unconstitutional. "While that child is in uterine the decision is up to the woman. This is her body," said Ryan Kiesel ACLU of Oklahoma.
News 9's Aaron Brilbeck asked, “What if the woman doesn't know who the father is, or lies about whom the father is to have an abortion?”
"So I guess they would have to address that and that's a good point, we'll just have to wait and see,” said Representative Ritz. "But that's a good point. Good thinking out of the box."
Three out of the seven Republican committee members present voted against the measure. Both bills will be heard again next week.
CAPE TOWN - Brait, the Parent company of one South Africa's biggest chain of health clubs Virgin Active reported that for the year-end of December 2017, revenue grew in excess of 13%, to £580 million (R10.5 billion).
In an updated Q1 FY2018 trading update, Virgin highlighted ‘good membership growth in Q1 with closing membership up 1% year on year'.
According to Virgin, 40,000 members were added since January, 40% more than in the same period last year, according to Business Tech.
Growth in South Africa and the UK was particularly strong, it said.
Virgin Active Group represents 233 clubs in eight countries including South Africa.
The club has 1.2 million members, of which 715,000 are based in South Africa, in 142 clubs, meaning an average of 5,035 members per club.
“Southern Africa grew revenue by 5% with 6 new clubs opened and closing membership 2% lower than last year,” Virgin said.
In terms of revenue for Southern Africa, Virgin reported gains of 5% to £ 216 million (R3.9 billion).
Revenue growth locally was also up 2%, Virgin Active said.
Rates at Virgin start from R199 per month to in excess of R1,250 per month.
- BUSINESS REPORT ONLINE
Share. Herr Starr finds the missing piece. Herr Starr finds the missing piece.
Warning: Full spoilers for the episode below.
Here's a question. If someone binged this entire season of Preacher and accidentally skipped over last week's "Holes," would they even notice? That episode only seems more pointless and uneventful in light of the far-superior "Puzzle Piece." It's good to see the season once again bouncing back after a lull period, but it would be nice if this series could manage a little more consistency.
Looking back at Season 2 to date, it really does seem like the quality of each episode is directly proportional to how much screen time is given to the villain. The best installments are those that have kept the Saint of Killers or Herr Starr firmly in the spotlight. And there was certainly plenty of the latter in "Puzzle Pieces." This was really the first week where we got to see the dynamic between Starr and Agents Featherstone and Hoover in action. That dynamic tended to be one of my favorite elements of the comic, and survived the transition pretty much entirely intact. As in the comic, I get a real kick out of Featherstone's ruthless competence combined with her naked (but entirely unrequited) affection for Starr. In some ways, Featherstone is even an improvement over the source material. Seeing her play dual roles and pretend to Tulip's mousy next-door neighbor adds an extra touch of fun and danger to her presence. And then you have Hoover as the bumbling comic relief, proving that not every Grail member is an elite, amoral killing machine.
Basically, we've seen how dark and sinister Starr and the Grail can be, but this episode did a nice job of balancing things out and highlighting their absurd side. We repeatedly saw how ridiculous the Grail is in its response to benign threats, with Starr first dispatching a kill squad to take out Jesse and the gang and then ordering a a bomb to be dropped on American soil. And Starr's eccentric sexual exploits also became a big focus. In the process, this episode wound up adapting one of the more infamous moments from the comic, with Hoover accidentally ordering a group of male prostitutes to forcibly sodomize Starr. Part of Starr's appeal is that he's as much a sad, comical figure as an imposing villain, and it's good to see that the TV series seems to be sticking close to the source in that regard. It's also intriguing to see a more personal connection form between Starr and his prey. Starr found the missing pieces in his life, both sexually and in terms of making Jesse Custer his new professional obsession, and it'll be very interesting to see how that colors the interaction between Starr and Jesse going forward.
As for Jesse and his friends, "Puzzle Pieces" continued to deal with the same, familiar struggles that have dominated the show for the past several weeks. But at least in this case there was a more tangible sense of progress, with the Grail attack sort of lighting a fire under everyone's butts. That entire sequence was very well handled. One of the great things about Preacher is that the show is less interested in presenting glamorized, stylish depictions of violence than it is in simply finding interesting and unusual ways of depicting that violence. The first-person approach really stood out. With the grainy night vision and near-total lack of sound, that shootout had a very tense, claustrophobic quality. If anything, it was hard not to sympathize with this group of soldiers who had no idea what they were getting themselves into. The first-person approach wasn't simply a gimmick. It allowed the viewer to literally see Jesse and Cassidy from a different perspective, one where they don't seem quite so heroic or fun-loving.
Also intriguing is the sense that the tight-knit dynamic among Jesse, Tulip and Cassidy is really starting to fray. Jesse is growing increasingly desperate and unhinged, even as he's increasingly haunted by nightmares of his childhood. Tulip's PTSD isn't getting any better, and now she's dealing with the knowledge that Jesse used his power against her for a third time. As for Cassidy, he's clearly doing his best to put on a good face after turning his own son into a vampire, but there's a clear sadness underneath the happy-go-lucky facade. There's no way the Denis decision doesn't blow up in Cassidy's face by season's end. All three main characters seem destined for a collision course of some sort, and the general tone of their friendship is a far cry from what it was at the beginning of the season.
Proving that every dog really does have his day, a Saugatuck man was surprised to open his mailbox and find that the State of Michigan had approved his puppy for a $1,500 monthly unemployment benefit.
Michael Haddock reported that his dog, Ryder, received a notice from the Michigan Unemployment Insurance Agency (UIA) under the name “Michael Ryder.”
The letter informed Haddock that Ryder had qualified for a $360 a week payment, he told WZZM.
“I got a letter from the UIA on Saturday, my name is Michael, my dog is Ryder. I was surprised to see it, but I had a good laugh, actually,” Haddock said.
But while it may all seem like just a humorous turn of events, the story really speaks of benefits fraud. The state tracked down the filing and found that it was a fraudulent claim by someone trying to scam the state out of benefits. UIA investigators did note, though, how odd it was that the scammers used a pet's name to perpetrate their fraud.
Still, the fraud was caught. Representatives of the UIA said that the benefits had already been flagged and canceled even before Haddock had contacted them about the letter.
“Unfortunately, Michael Ryder's claim will not be allowed. I know first-hand it is rare for ‘man's best friend' to contribute financially to the household and that will continue in this instance,” said the UIA's State Administrator of Investigations, Tim Kolar.
The UIA says it has stepped up its review of benefits filings because fraud has been on the risen.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston.
VOL. 41 | NO. 23 | Friday, June 09, 2017
PHOENIX (AP) — A national meeting of Southern Baptists will consider condemning the political movement known as the "alt-right" amid an uproar over the denomination's commitment to confronting prejudice.
Leaders of the faith group initially refused to take up a proposal that they repudiate the political group that emerged dramatically during the U.S. presidential election, mixing racism, white nationalism and populism. Barrett Duke, a Southern Baptist leader who led a committee that decided which resolutions should be considered for a vote, said the resolution as originally written contained inflammatory and broad language "potentially implicating" conservatives who do not support the "alt-right" movement.
But the decision caused a backlash online and at the gathering in Phoenix from Southern Baptists and other Christians, especially African-American evangelicals. The denomination has been striving to overcome its founding in the 19th century in defense of slaveholders. Thabiti Anyabwile, a black Southern Baptist pastor, tweeted that "any 'church' that cannot denounce white supremacy without hesitancy and equivocation is a dead, Jesus denying assembly. No 2 ways about it".
Southern Baptist leaders responded late Tuesday night with a dramatic call for attendees to return to the assembly hall, then announced they would take up the proposal after all on Wednesday. It was a highly unusual move for the denomination's tightly choreographed conventions, underscoring the sensitivity of the issue and the alarm among leaders that their initial rejection of the proposal would be viewed as an unwillingness to fight racism. In encouraging the meeting to reconsider, Steve Gaines, president of the Southern Baptist Convention, said he wanted to send the message that "we love everybody on this planet."
The initial proposed resolution came from a prominent black Southern Baptist pastor, the Rev. Dwight McKissic, who had submitted the suggested statement to Duke's committee before this week's gathering. When the proposal was not presented Tuesday, McKissic made a direct, unsuccessful plea for reconsideration from the floor of the Phoenix meeting. He called the "alt-right" a symptom of "social disease," ''deceptive" and "antithetical to what we believe." His resolution condemned Christians who attempted to use biblical teachings to justify white supremacy.
The new resolution that will be debated Wednesday states racism and white supremacy endure "in various white supremacist movements, sometimes known as 'white nationalism' or 'alt-right.'" Southern Baptists "decry every form of racism, including alt-right white supremacy as antithetical to the Gospel of Jesus Christ" and "denounce and repudiate white supremacy and every form of racial and ethnic hatred as of the devil," the proposed new resolution states.
The Southern Baptist Convention, based in Nashville, has 15.2 million members and is the largest Protestant group in the country. Leaders have repeatedly condemned racism in formal resolutions from past meetings and built new relationships with black Baptists.
Ed Stetzer, a Southern Baptist speaker and executive director of the Billy Graham Center for Evangelism at Wheaton College in Illinois, said the committee in charge of resolutions should have revised the initial proposal and brought it to a vote.
"Southern Baptists need to speak to this issue," Stetzer wrote Wednesday in the evangelical magazine Christianity Today. He pointed to the denomination's history in the civil rights movement. "Too many Southern Baptists were on the wrong side of the fire hoses in Birmingham. They need to get on the correct side of the rising tide of racism," Stetzer wrote.
____
Wang reported from Phoenix. AP Religion Writer Zoll reported from New York.
Tomi Lahren: I'm So Sick of Celebs, Elitists Looking Down on Gun Owners
Authorities Looking for 'Mystery Woman' Seen With Las Vegas Gunman
Judge Jeanine Pirro believes that gunman Stephen Paddock must have had help in committing the Las Vegas massacre.
On "Fox & Friends" this morning, Judge Jeanine said she doesn't believe that Paddock spent years stockpiling weapons and plotting and no one noticed.
"Look, there are always telltales," she said, pointing to the level of detail and precision in the attack. "He had help. There's no question in my mind. ... This is not just one guy. This is too vast for one guy."
She noted that investigators have said they are looking for a "mystery woman" who was seen with Paddock in the days before the attack.
She said they could use that information to try and convince Paddock's longtime girlfriend, Marilou Danley, to give up any information that she might be withholding.
"Cut the ties, baby. We got somebody here we need to know more about," she said.
Watch more above.
Dana Loesch: Monsters Exist and Millions of Americans Want to Protect Themselves
Nancy Sinatra: 'Murderous Members of NRA Should Face Firing Squad'
Las Vegas Attack Victim Who Stood for Trumps: 'I Just Wanted to Show Them Respect'
'You'll Find Out': Trump Again Teases About a 'Calm Before the Storm'
× 9-year-old boy shot his sister to death over a video game controller, sheriff says
MONROE COUNTY, Ms. — A 9-year-old boy retrieved a gun from his parents' bedroom and shot his 13-year-old sister to death, authorities said, after the two got into an argument over a video game controller.
The incident occurred over the weekend in rural Monroe County, Mississippi, as the children's mother was preparing lunch in the kitchen, the county sheriff said.
“He wanted the controller, and I guess he knew where to find the gun,” Sheriff Cecil Cantrell told CNN.
The boy grabbed a handgun, which was kept in a nightstand next to the bed, and shot the sister in the back of the head, the sheriff said.
“This is the first time I've ever dealt with any child that was shot like that,” Cantrell said. “And I hope I never deal with it again.”
The girl was taken to Le Bonheur Children's Hospital in Memphis, where she was pronounced dead Sunday.
The case is still under investigation and authorities have not filed charges.
“We are talking to the district attorney,” Cantrell said.
RTÉ ran an excellent series recently which got the public to vote for the country's greatest sporting moment. Interactive and innovative, the weekly broadcasts garnered much build-up and reaction, while it was generally accepted that David O'Leary, for his decisive penalty score for Ireland in the shoot-out win over Romania at 1990 World Cup, was a worthy winning entry.
Since then, it came to mind that running something along the same lines would be interested in the context of Dundalk FC, and, so, that's what we have done. Having coerced some of the club's most well-known supporters into making up a panel to shortlist 10 of the standout moments, we're now seeking for the public to select their number one.
Surprisingly, considering the unique history of Dundalk FC, it took our panel - of John Murphy, Jim Murphy, Robbie Rafferty, Gerry Curtis, Gerry Malone and myself, Caoimhín Reilly, less than an hour to draw up a list, while sipping on coffee at the back of McGeough's, which is sure to draw its fair share of critical eyes!
However, one thing that is guaranteed as you flick through the following pages is plenty of variety; there's certainly a moment from everybody's childhood! Whether it be the great Joey Donnelly receiving the FAI Cup in 1942 to end a decade of final pain or Robbie Benson's goal against BATE Borisov at Tallaght Stadium two years ago, we feel we have catered for one and all, and have offered as broad a selection dilemma as is possible.
Voting lines opened this morning (Tuesday) and will remain ajar until 6pm on Sunday evening, April 29, with the winner to be announced on the back page of next Tuesday's print edition and online.
Best of luck and, of course, c'mon the town!
Washington, DC, lawmaker Trayon White (D-Ward 8) is publicly blaming the Jews for creating the kind of weather conditions that will allow them to “own the cities”; thus, we can again see that anti-Semitism is a serious problem within the Democrat Party — that this hatred is tolerated, most especially, by a national media that do everything in their power to protect their allies on the political left.
Therefore, this seems like a good time to look at all the elected Democrats associated with Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan, a rabid and open anti-Semite.
Just last month, at his annual Saviours' Day address, Farrakhan gave a speech where he said the following:
“And Farrakhan, by God's grace, has pulled the cover off of that Satanic Jew, and I'm here to say, ‘Your time is up. Your world is through.'”
“Let me tell you something: when you want something in this world, the Jew holds the door.”
“The powerful Jews are my enemy.”
“The Jews were responsible for all of this filth and degenerate behavior that Hollywood is putting out, turning men into women and women into men.”
“The mother and father of apartheid … the Jews.”
This is nothing new coming from Farrakhan. He has been spreading this poison for decades. Nevertheless, here are nine Democrat lawmakers with connections to the hate preacher, starting with a former president:
President Barack Obama
The media merely attempted to downplay Obama's troubling 20-year relationship with hate preacher Jeremiah Wright and his associations with domestic terrorist Bill Ayers. When it came to this photo of Obama and Farrakhan together, which was taken a mere three years before Obama ran for president, until Obama was safely out of elected office, the media completely covered it up.
Democrat National Committee Deputy Chairman Keith Ellison (D-MN)
According to numerous reports, Ellison's connections to Farrakhan are not only deep; the Democrat congressman has repeatedly lied about them. Nevertheless, he remains a deputy chairman of the whole Democrat Party.
Maxine Waters (D-CA)
According to the Daily Caller, this powerful congresswoman, who constantly smears President Trump as racist, not only attended a Farrakhan speech, but was treated as a guest of honor.
“We have Maxine Waters here,” Farrakhan said to a cheering audience, “our great congresswoman from this area.”
Here is 2006 video of Farrakhan meeting with numerous members of the Congressional Black Caucus, including Waters. The two of them hug like old friends at the 3:47 mark:
Barbara Lee (D-CA)
In the same 2006 video embedded above, Lee is present.
Danny Davis (D-IL)
Davis, who has been in Congress for 21 years, has nothing but praise for the racist, anti-Semitic Farrakhan.
“I personally know [Farrakhan], I've been to his home, done meetings, participated in events with him,” Davis told The Daily Caller. “I don't regard Louis Farrakhan as an aberration or anything, I regard him as an outstanding human being who commands a following of individuals who are learned and articulate and he plays a big role in the lives of thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of people.”
André Carson (D-IN)
Carson met with the hate preacher in a hotel suite in 2015, refused to condemn his anti-Semitism, and will not rule out future meetings.
James Clyburn (D-SC)
Clyburn is the third-highest-ranking Democrat in the House, and in 2011, he shared a stage with Farrakhan. Clyburn also refused to denounce the Nation of Islam leader.
Al Green (D-TX)
Green can also be seen with Farrakhan in the video embedded above.
Gregory Meeks (D-NY)
Meeks met with Farrakhan in New York in 2011.
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC. Follow his Facebook Page here.
FILE PHOTO - The BlackRock logo is seen outside of its offices in New York City, U.S. on October 17, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
NEW YORK/BOSTON BlackRock Inc's (BLK.N) decision to revamp part of its stock-picking business puts further pressure on active U.S. equity managers to cut fees, change products and merge to stem a relentless, 12-year decline in assets.
BlackRock is replacing a handful of portfolio managers and doubling down on an investment in computer models and data science to boost returns and cut fees. The moves affect about 11 percent of its $275 billion active stock fund business but are a drop in the ocean for the company, the world's largest asset manager.
Roughly two-thirds of its $5 trillion in assets under management and half its fee income come from index-tracking funds and exchange-traded funds, products investors are flocking to for superior returns and cheaper management fees.
For rivals heavily reliant on active stock pickers, hiring computer geniuses to develop investing models and spending more on data mining may not be a cost-effective way of boosting performance.
Axing portfolio managers can also trigger investor withdrawals.
"This is a little experiment for BlackRock but bad news for a lot of players in the market," said Kyle Sanders, a stock analyst for Edward Jones.
The pain could be concentrated among smaller, active fund managers reliant on fleet-footed retail investors. Mangers of larger funds can put more money into their investment process and tend to have more institutional clients willing to endure a period of underperformance.
But even larger companies are at risk.
Analysts at Morgan Stanley (MS.N) see Franklin Resources Inc (BEN.N), home to the Franklin Templeton stable of funds, as one of the most exposed to fee cuts, because its assets are skewed towards the retail brokerage channel.
"Over the next three years, we see the management fee rate compressing by 12 percent, leading to revenue degradation of -18 percent," Morgan Stanley analysts said in a recent note.
Franklin Templeton, the No. 5 mutual fund company in the United States by assets, did not respond to a request for comment.
In its most recent quarter, Franklin Templeton's assets fell 6 percent from the year prior, while operating revenue fell by 11 percent.
For the wider industry, Morgan Stanley analysts' base case is fee compression of 10 percent to 15 percent and more than 25 percent in its bear case.
"We foresee a multi-year adjustment process that will affect the earnings and shares of publicly traded traditional asset managers," Morgan Stanley analyst Michael Cyprys said in a separate, recent research note. He added that fee cuts and product re-engineering could drive some companies to go private "and usher in an era of large-scale consolidation – not without risks."
Consolidation is already happening. Janus Capital Group Inc (JNS.N) agreed in October to sell itself to UK-based Henderson Group Plc for $2.6 billion. Anglo-South African financial services firm Old Mutual (OML.L) this month sold a 25 percent stake in its U.S. fund management arm (OMAM.N) to China's HNA (0521.HK) for $446 million.
YEARS OF FEE PRESSURE
Actively managed U.S. stock funds have not reported a year of net inflows since 2005, according to Morningstar.
Over the past 12 months alone, fund companies including household names such as American Funds, Fidelity Investments, Franklin Templeton and T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW.O) have endured withdrawals totalling $131.8 billion, the research service said.
By comparison, index-fund pioneer Vanguard Group attracted $342 billion in the United States, much of it into its passively managed index funds and exchange-traded funds.
A look at industry fees helps explain why. Despite a 15 percent drop in U.S. equity fund fees in the decade ending in 2015, mutual fund managers on average still charge $131 for every $10,000 they manage, according to the Investment Company Institute, a trade group.
Vanguard's U.S. stock funds fees average $18, according to Morningstar.
Despite their higher costs, just 14 percent of active broad-market, large-cap stock funds beat their passive counterparts over 10 years through 2016.
American Funds defended its strategy. Low-fee shares of its largest fund, the $155 billion Growth Fund of America, beat most of its peers over five years, according to Thomson Reuters' Lipper unit.
"We are and will always be an investment management company first, run by people with deep expertise and phenomenal track records - enabled by some of the world's leading next-generation technology," an American Funds spokeswoman said in a statement.
Fidelity said individual active managers continued to beat the market.
"The active/passive debate usually focuses on the industry as a whole and the performance of the average active manager, but as with every industry there are some that are better than others," a Fidelity spokesman said in an email.
Will Danoff, one of Fidelity's best stock pickers, experienced one of his worst years as a portfolio manager in 2016 when his $107 billion Contrafund (FCNTX.O) trailed the S&P 500 Index .SPX by nearly 9 percentage points. But so far in 2017, Danoff is working the magic that has been the rule during his nearly 27 years managing investor money. Contrafund's year-to-date total return of 10.3 percent is easily beating the S&P 500 by nearly 4 percentage points.
T. Rowe Price declined to comment.
For its part, BlackRock's actively managed equity business posted $20.2 billion in outflows last year, according to its earnings report. Its move to a quantitative focus underscores the eroding confidence in the ability of humans to pick large-cap stocks that outperform benchmarks such as the S&P 500.
Analysts say, however, the industry will have a chance to prove its worth if there is a stock market correction.
"When (markets) are all going up at once, and all sectors are firing on all cylinders, you're fine to be all-passive," said Tom Roseen, senior analyst for Lipper.
"But when markets are tanking, if they make the right bets, then we'll see (some) active mutual funds beating passive, but we won't see that at all of them."
(Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt in New York and Tim McLaughlin in Boston; Additional reporting by Ross Kerber in Boston; Editing by Carmel Crimmins and Steve Orlofsky)
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
News stories from across the nation. Visit bworldonline.com (section: The Nation) to read more national and regional news from the Philippines.
DIMONDALE, Mich. (WWJ/AP) – The Michigan Department of Natural Resources is seeking people who want to become conservation officers.
The 23-week training academy starts July 15 in Dimondale, near Lansing. Applications are due March 1.
The academy is the first step to becoming a Michigan conservation officer. During the academy, recruits become paid state employees.
“The academy demands total effort and commitment,” 1st Lt. Steve Burton, training section supervisor, said in a statement. “It challenges recruits academically and physically. But those who succeed are on the path to an exciting, fulfilling career as a Michigan conservation officer.”
After graduating, recruits become probationary officers and spend several more months training throughout the state before being assigned to one of Michigan's 83 counties. The entire training process, which includes the academy, takes one year before candidates become full-fledged conservation officers.
Interested applicants must be: at least 21-years-old before graduating from the academy; allowed to lawfully possess a firearm in Michigan; possess a valid Michigan driver's license and satisfactory driving record; possess a clean criminal record absent of any felony convictions; submit to a thorough background investigation; complete an entry level law enforcement exam; and pass the Michigan Commission on Law Enforcement Standards physical fitness test.
DNR officers are certified police officers with authority to enforce all state laws. They also have unique training in areas related to the outdoors, such as off-road driving, survival tactics and first aid.
A detailed guide to the application process is available at michigan.gov.
Last year, 22 men and women successfully made it through the academy.
© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
A PERTH man who admitted distributing images and videos showing children in sexualised poses and activities has had his sentencing delayed so he can complete a rehabilitation program.
Gregory Thomas Crocker has pleaded guilty to five counts of distributing child exploitation material between October and December 2016, and one count of possessing child exploitation material in July.
The WA District Court was told on Tuesday that Crocker used a messaging app called Kik to communicate with people and share the images and videos.
When Crocker was arrested at his Osborne Park workplace, police also found more than 200 images and videos on his phone.
He made admissions during a police interview, the court heard.
Judge Mark Herron agreed the program Crocker had started should be completed and a report obtained before proceeding with the sentencing.
Crocker had his bail renewed and will face court again on May 3.
Scott County is among a number of counties around the state that are weighing options to see whether they will be faced with another upgrade of their portable communications systems.
---
The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available for as low as $2.50 per month and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The Scott County Times.
If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://bit.ly/18kgmLO
If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://bit.ly/1FanGor
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)China has "overwhelming leverage" over North Korea, and Beijing must put pressure on Pyongyang because of the tense situation in the Korean Peninsula, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said on Tuesday.
"The Chinese often express frustration with North Korea — and disappointment — but the fact is that they have the overwhelming leverage over the North Korea regime. So, the eyes of the world are now on Beijing. Beijing has to step up and bring this reckless threat to the peace and stability of our region to an end," Turnbull told reporters.
Turnbull also agreed with US Vice President Michael Pence, who said earlier in April that the "era of strategic patience is over."
"I'm optimistic that a resolution can be found, because, as Vice-President Pence said in a statement, I think that will concentrate the minds of all involved. The strategic patience has come to an end," Turnbull said, stressing that the "North Korea regime is a reckless and dangerous threat to peace and stability in our region and, indeed, in the world."
On April 16, South Korea and US military reported a failed missile test by Pyongyang, which came shortly after US media reported that President Donald Trump could order a strike against North Korea if the latter decided to carry out another nuclear missile test. In response to these reports, North Korea stated that in case of US aggression it would launch a strike against US military bases in Japan and South Korea, as well as the presidential residence in Seoul.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Bertha Warden, a lifelong resident of Raleigh County, resides at The Summit in Oak Hill. Her family gathered Monday afternoon to celebrate her 100th, which is hands down the biggest milestone birthday. Born in 1917, she saw the rise and fall of the coal industry; Woodrow Wilson was the president at the time. Bertha used to walk miles to shop for food at the local country store. She had 8 children and raised her family on 5 acres. She was big into gardening and used to fill up her front porch with hundreds of flowers.
-Frank Notarbartolo
Comments
comments
___
GROWING UP: Raiders punter Marquette King once again found himself on the wrong side of a personal foul penalty. King got called for his fourth personal foul in the past two seasons when he threw a ball at Denver's Andy Janovich after getting stopped on a fake punt last week against the Broncos.
King was called for one horse-collar tackle and two unsportsmanlike conduct penalties last season. No other punter has had a personal foul enforced against his team the past two years.
"It's a matter of being mature enough to put the team ahead of yourself and being able to handle those emotions when you're disappointed," coach Jack Del Rio said. "Sometimes you're disappointed and you want to lash out because it maybe makes you feel good for about three seconds. Then you deal with the consequences. Those weren't good consequences."
The Raiders have put up with these antics from King, who is also known to dance on the field after pinning opponents deep with a punt, because he is so good with his leg. King leads the league with a 52.6-yard gross average, as well as a 47.5-yard net average. Both are on pace to set records, breaking the marks of 51.4 yards gross by Sammy Baugh in 1940 and 46 yards net by the Rams' Johnny Hekker last year.
__
HAVING HIS CAKE: Martellus Bennett always has a way with words. This week's entertaining analogy from the Green Bay Packers' tight end had to do with baking cakes.
Yes, cakes.
Bennett was answering a question on when during his career did his focus shift from individual statistics to winning championships. Apparently, the victory in the Super Bowl during his one year in New England was the piece de resistance.
"Once you taste that championship cake, and you figure out what it takes, you just want to taste that again," Bennett said. "Individual cake is all good, a cake that you bake yourself is always going to be all right.
"But when the team, when a lot of people are involved in the cooking process of baking the cake, it just seems to taste better," he continued, "because of the joy that we're seeing from multiple people, multiple hands on the pie."
Bennett is off to a decent start with 17 catches for 141 yards, though he has yet to find the end zone. Blocking has also been more of a priority than usual of late with injuries along the Packers' offensive line.
___
WEARY Travellers: By the time the Ravens return from Oakland on Sunday night, they will have travelled more than 24,000 miles across nine times zones.
Baltimore made its first trip to London on Sept. 24, stayed home last week and left for a cross-country trip on Friday. It's all part of the job, and the Ravens aren't blaming time on the airplane for their two-game skid on the field.
"You don't think too much about it when you're a player. You just go out there and play," quarterback Joe Flacco said.
Going out west is one thing. Crossing the Atlantic Ocean for a football game is another. After the Ravens got beat by Jacksonville 44-7 in London, coach John Harbaugh said he had no intention of going back.
"I'm not planning on having that conundrum again for a while," he said earlier this week. "We'll see how that goes, but I think teams going out there have had their issues, for sure, and then even coming back."
In its first game back, Baltimore looked listless in a 26-9 loss to Pittsburgh last Sunday.
___
FUN WITH NUMBERS: The Seattle Seahawks are on a unique run in NFL history.
One time in each of Pete Carroll's eight seasons in Seattle, the Seahawks have won a game with a final score that has never happened before in NFL history. The latest came last Sunday when the Seahawks beat the Colts 46-18, the first 46-18 game in league history.
The fact the Seahawks run of unique final scores has reached eight seasons is likely more remarkable than some of the strange scores they have been a part of.
"This is a significant stat. ... I think that's freaking awesome," Carroll said. "Isn't that cool? How does that happen? It could happen once or twice, but it's happened eight years in a row. I don't know if that's happened before. I love that."
The other games: 2010 vs. Cardinals (36-18); 2011 vs. Giants (36-25); 2012 vs. Cardinals (58-0); 2013 vs. Broncos in Super Bowl (43-8); 2014 vs. Packers (36-16); 2015 vs. Steelers (39-30); and 2016 vs. 49ers (37-18).
___
IGNORING TRASH TALK: Eagles right tackle Lane Johnson is getting used to hearing opponents take shots at him for serving a 10-game suspension last year for violating the NFL's policy on performance-enhancing supplements. Johnson says Chargers defensive tackle Damion Square, a former teammate in 2013, called him "Roid Boy" when they met last Sunday.
"When we got on the field, we settled it," Johnson said. "He was joking and having fun, but it was still the kind of stuff that will kind of make you mad."
Johnson, the fourth overall pick in the 2013 draft, is a vital part of Philadelphia's offensive line. The Eagles were 5-1 with him last season, 2-8 without. They're 3-1 this season.
"I think I help this team," Johnson said. "I'm not trying to be arrogant. I think when I'm in there, I definitely help this team out."
___
AP Pro Football Writers Barry Wilner, Rob Maaddi and Josh Dubow, and Sports Writers David Ginsburg, Tim Booth, Dennis Waszak Jr., and Genaro C. Armas contributed.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By The Associated Press
Chris Neil has suited up for his final game with the Ottawa Senators.
It's the end of an era, indeed.
In a move that isn't a surprise after he played only a limited role under coach Guy Boucher last season, the Senators have informed the 37-year-old rugged right winger he won't be back next season and, as a result, he'll test the market as a unrestricted free agent on July 1 because Neil would like to play another year.
Though GM Pierre Dorion and assistant Randy Lee both know the value Neil brings to the table there's no sense bringing him back if he's not going to play and isn't going to be happy with his role under Boucher.
Selected No. 161 overall in the 1998 NHL draft, Neil suited up for 1,026 career games with the Senators had 112 goals and 250 points. However, he has amassed 2,522 penalty minutes in his career and has played his role as somebody who would protect the other players on the roster perfectly.
Make no mistake, there are no hard feelings here.
Neil, who suited up for 53 games last season, had lengthy meeting with Dorion and Lee Monday at the Canadian Tire Centre. At the end of the day, they're both doing what's best for both sides and since Neil wants to play another season this gives him the opportunity to see what's out there in the free agency market.
At the end of meeting the two sides shook hands and agreed to head their separate ways.
“They had a meeting with him and told him, ‘We don't think you're going to be happy with this role',” said Reynolds.
“Neil said, ‘Yeah, I don't think I would be either and it's probably not what I'd like to endure for a year'. (They agreed) let's just mutually go our separate ways here and see if something better is out there for you where they're going to give you eight, nine or 10 minutes a night possibly.
“That's what he wants to do. He wants to play and still believes he can play and he wants to try to play for another year.”
Though Neil and his wife Caitlin have built up strong roots in the community, he just isn't ready to retire. The possibility of an off-ice role with the Senators in the organization has been discussed in the past and that may still be on the table even if Neil does sign elsewhere to play next season or if he can't find a job next year.
The Senators don't want to stand in Neil's way if he wants to play and still feels he can contribute elsewhere. There's no question he has value and there's a strong belief he'll be able to get a one-year contract to play the same kind of role he did every night when he pulled on the No. 25 jersey with the Senators.
“It's what he would like to do. He wants to return. Ottawa is home. He loves it and he wants to stay there. Ultimately, if there isn't a good fit for you there then you're forced to look elsewhere,” Reynolds said.
“He could do the Shawn Thornton thing this year, in and out of the lineup, play a few minutes here and there, but I almost get sense that he would rather not play than do that. If that's all that's out there for him then maybe it's time to turn the page but if somebody says, ‘Hey, Chris Neil we'd love you for a year, here's your role, go out there and compete and stir the pot' then he and Cait would pick up and move a for year.
“It would probably be an adventure, something new and exciting, and then they'd come back to Ottawa.”
Reynolds said the meeting was positive because the two sides have a long history and have been good to each other.
“It went well. They had a really good talk by all accounts,” said Reynolds. “He's accepted it. It's a a great ride there. He's had a lot of years. There's certainly no animosity, bitterness or anything like that. He's great with it.
“But (Neil's) like, ‘Hey, Todd I'd still like to play'. If there's somebody out there then that would be great. If there isn't then it's been a great run. Things change and you have to respect that.”
Yes, the Senators and Neil have decided to turn the page but he can leave with his head held high because of a job more than well done.
bgarrioch@postmedia.com
Twitter: @sungarrioch
_ 30 _
Roku wants to make The Roku Channel, its native destination for free, ad-supported content, more than just a streaming channel you turn to for classic movies and TV show episodes. Today, the company announced a new live news portion of The Roku Channel, featuring content from partners including ABC News, Cheddar, and PeopleTV. The section will hold live and linear news feeds made and curated by these partners, essentially giving The Roku Channel its own 24-hour news hub.
Roku explained to Ars that it's working with partners to figure out the best way to present news content on OTT devices. In the case of ABC, the company's feed on The Roku Channel will be dubbed ABC News Live, which is different and separate from the existing ABC News channel that already exists on Roku.
In addition to special segments and previously recorded clips from existing broadcasts, ABC News Live will be home to many live feeds that ABC News would already be covering. For example, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg's Senate hearing earlier this month could have been live content for ABC News Live to stream. The broadcaster may also expand on existing reports, such as George Stephanopoulos' recent interview with James Comey, with director's cuts that add more information than the one-hour special allowed.
The live news content on The Roku Channel won't replicate live TV, and that's a big distinction. Many broadcast partners like ABC already have standalone Roku channels that require a cable subscription login to gain access to all content, live TV broadcasts included. The news content developed and packaged for The Roku Channel will be entirely free for Roku device users, no login required. While you won't be able to watch all live news shows provided by a content partner, you will be able to watch any content that the partner pushes to The Roku Channel in its feeds.
Giving users more free content, supported by ads
Much of the content on The Roku Channel until now has been entertainment-focused, licensed from partners including Lionsgate, MGM, and Paramount. Live and curated news may help make The Roku Channel more of a daily destination for users rather than a source of nostalgic content for the times that users are looking for some. While The Roku Channel isn't a social network, by featuring live content it follows in the footsteps of many social media companies like Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube. Live-content streaming on these social media sites attracts users to breaking news stories and often keeps them on that site for as long as the live stream lasts.
Roku says it plans to reveal more news partners, and the company is optimistic about signing up new partners in the future. Roku clearly wants to diversify the types of content it can feature on The Roku Channel for free with ad support, likely believing that user retention and happiness can be boosted by additional free content available on its platform. When asked if Roku would get into content creation in the future, the company explained that it's focused on making it easier for users to enjoy existing content that may not have been as accessible before by finding a home for it on Roku.
Roku also made some software updates to The Roku Channel: the new "Continue Watching" carousel lets users go back to shows and movies they've previously watched but haven't yet finished, while the new "Collections" section categorizes content into genres and topics such as "Action" and "Thriller," making it easier for users to find the types of shows and movies they want to watch.
Roku OS 8.1 will also debut soon with a new private listening mode that allows more than one user to listen to the audio of Roku-streamed content via the Roku remote or their smartphone with paired headphones. Previously, private listening was limited to one user at a time, but the new feature allows up to four users to listen with their own headphones at once. Roku OS 8.1 will be available this May.
Taking care of your feet is just as important as taking care of your general health.
April is Foot Health Awareness Month, and Podiatrist Dr. Stephan Lorincz said it is important to take care of your feet, because it affects the way patients walk and could cause problems with back, hip and leg pain.
“The most important thing, is summer is right around the corner and people are doing more activities outside,” Lorincz said. “They may have more problems with shoes fitting properly, or they may go to an older shoe that doesn't give them enough support and cushioning. Selecting the right shoe as you become more active is important.”
Many foot injuries, such as blistering, tendonitis or fracturing the structure of the foot, are avoidable, he said. As the weather continues to warm up, he suggested starting outdoor activities gradually.
“In the summer, to protect your feet, don't do a lot of activities barefoot,” he said. “We get a lot of patients with cuts on their feet or stepping on sharp objects such as glass, toothpicks, nails. Some of them can be avoided if you wear a shoe, especially when you can't see what's on the ground.”
The most common problems Lorincz sees in his practice are sprains, stress fractures, inflammation issues, tendonitis and neuropathy.
To treat inflammation, he suggests using over-the-counter anti-inflammatories, such as ibuprofen or Tylenol. This also helps with aches and pains in the foot. If a patient is having severe pain in their feet, Lorincz said it is best to go see a doctor.
Other common complaints he sees are athlete's foot, a fungal infection that can be treated with over-the-counter anti-fungal medications. For those with athlete's foot, it is best to change socks frequently in warmer weather as the feet tend to sweat. Sweaty feet are a common cause of athlete's foot, because the feet don't have a chance to air out and dry up.
“For those who have chronic problems, they need to wear orthodics to support and align the foot,” he said. “Foot deformities can change how you walk and stand. It can also affect pain levels.”
Other recommendations are:
Heel pain comes in many forms. A common ailment is heel spurs, a bony growth on the underside of the heel bone which can result from strain on the muscles and ligaments of the foot. Wear shoes with shock-absorbent soles, rigid shanks and supportive heel counters. Wear proper shoes for each activity.
Blisters are another common problem. Wear moisture-wicking socks to prevent access moisture, which lead to blisters. Try different foot powders and lotions to keep friction to a minimum.
A general foot exam can treat existing problems as well as avoid future ones.
If you're headed to the beach or the pool, remember to dry your feet between the toes to avoid fungal infections.
Moisturize feet and heels with lotion, and apply sunscreen between the toes and on the ankles to avoid sunburn and prevent cancer.
For women: Don't leave nail polish on 24/7. That may lead to brittle nails or fungus. Take a break for several months each year to allow the nails to recover.
Have your feet measured periodically when buying shoes. As you age, feet can flatten, becoming wider and longer. And, maintain a healthy weight; excess weight can put pressure on the feet, leading to general foot pain, circulatory problems and arthritis.
Related
Comments
comments
April 18, 2017
by The Associated Press
EVERETT, Wash.—Boeing will issue hundreds of layoff notices to engineers in Washington state this week.
The Daily Herald, a newspaper in Everrett, Wash., is reporting that a memo from John Hamilton, vice-president of engineering for Boeing Commercial Airplanes, says the cuts are necessary to stay competitive.
Hamilton also said in the memo that more cuts in engineering could come later this year.
In just over the past year, Boeing Commercial Airplanes reduced its workforce by more than 9,000, mainly through buyouts and retirements.
At the end of March, the division employed nearly 74,200 people, down from over 83,000 at the end of 2015.
A Syrian man displaced from Raqqa carries food at Al Karamah camp, some 20 kilometres east of the Daesh terror group's Syrian bastion, on Tuesday (AFP photo)
GENEVA — United Nations war crimes investigators expressed alarm Wednesday at the "staggering" number of civilian deaths as US-backed forces battle to oust the Daesh terror group from its Syrian stronghold Raqqa.
At least 300 civilians have been killed, although the actual number is likely higher according to UN officials.
"Civilians are caught up in the city under the oppressive rule of [Daesh] while facing extreme danger... due to excessive air strikes," Paulo Sergio Pinheiro, head of the UN Commission of Inquiry, told reporters.
The COI said it had documented that hundreds of civilians had been killed in Raqqa province by air strikes carried out by a US-backed coalition supporting the Syrian Democratic Forces since March 1.
"We recorded the civilians deaths caused by the coalition air strike, altogether 300," commission member Karen Abuzayd told journalists.
She said 200 of those deaths happened on a single day, in the March 21 air strike on the town of Al Masura, about 30km west of Raqqa.
The investigators, who have never been granted access to Syria, stressed that the death toll provided was only what they had managed to document, and that the true number was likely higher.
Earlier Wednesday, Pinheiro told the UN Human Rights Council that the situation for civilians in Raqqa was alarming.
“In areas controlled by extremist factions, we are gravely concerned with the mounting number of civilians who perish during air strikes,” he said.
“We note in particular that the intensification of air strikes, which have paved the ground for an SDF advance in Raqqa, has resulted not only in staggering loss of civilian life, but has also led to 160,000 civilians fleeing their homes,” he added.
Daesh seized Raqqa in 2014, transforming it into the de facto Syrian capital of its self-declared “caliphate”.
Tens of thousands of civilians have fled the city and its surroundings since the push to retake the extremist stronghold began last November, and new waves of displacement are expected as the battle inside the city progresses.
‘War crimes'
“The imperative to fight terrorism must not, however, be undertaken at the expense of civilians who unwillingly find themselves living in areas where ISIL is present,” Pinheiro said, using another acronym for Daesh.
The UN's Syria commission, set up in 2011 shortly after the civil war began, has repeatedly accused the various sides of war crimes and in some cases crimes against humanity.
On Wednesday, Pinheiro said deals that have led to evacuations of rebel-held districts and towns in Syria “also raise concerns and in some cases amount to war crimes”.
A number of evacuation agreements have been struck for Aleppo and towns and villages around Damascus, as well as in Syria's third city Homs.
The government says the deals are the best way to end the six-year war, but the opposition says this amounts to forced displacement.
Pinheiro, who in March warned that the evacuation from Aleppo amounted to a war crime, said Wednesday that “there is no voluntariness nor choice when those who stay often face the risk of being either arbitrarily arrested or forcibly conscripted”.
The head of the International Committee of the Red Cross' (ICRC) Middle East division, Robert Mardini, meanwhile, told reporters Wednesday that the organisation's decision to help facilitate the evacuation of civilians was a “tough” call.
“Facilitating the evacuation was a dilemma,” he said, stressing though that the ICRC had “acted on behalf of the civilian population that lived in terrible conditions”.
He pointed to a fresh ICRC report detailing the horrors of urban warfare, showing that offensives inside cities kill five times more civilians than battles elsewhere.
More than 320,000 people have been killed since Syria's conflict erupted in March 2011 with demonstrations against President Bashar Assad.
Myopia could be corrected permanently and non-invasively thanks to an approach developed at Columbia University in New York that has so far shown promise in pre-clinical models.
Corneal topography before and after the treatment for myopia, paired with virtual vision that simulates effects of induced refractive power change (credit: Sinisa Vukelic/Columbia Engineering)
Myopia, or near-sightedness, affects 70 to 90 per cent of teenagers and young adults in East Asia alone, and estimates suggest that 2.5 billion people around the world may be affected by the condition by 2020.
Now, Columbia Engineering researcher Sinisa Vukelic has developed a method that uses a femtosecond oscillator – an ultrafast laser that delivers pulses of very low energy – for selective and localised alteration of the biochemical and biomechanical properties of corneal tissue without causing cellular damage and tissue disruption. The study, which could also lead to treatment for hyperopia, astigmatism, and irregular astigmatism, has been published in Nature Photonics.
As well as being non-surgical, the technique is claimed to have fewer side effects and limitations than those seen in refractive surgeries for myopia. Although relatively successful, these surgeries – such as laser in situ keratomileusis (LASIK) and photorefractive keratectomy (PRK) – use ablative technology that can thin and in some cases weaken the cornea. Patients with thin corneas, dry eyes, and other abnormalities cannot undergo refractive surgery.
“We think our study is the first to use this laser output regimen for non-invasive change of corneal curvature or treatment of other clinical problems,” said Vukelic.
The technique allows for enough power to induce a low-density plasma within the set focal volume but does not convey enough energy to cause damage to the tissue within the treatment region.
“We've seen low-density plasma in multi-photo imaging where it's been considered an undesired side-effect,” Vukelic said. “We were able to transform this side-effect into a viable treatment for enhancing the mechanical properties of collagenous tissues.”
According to Columbia, the critical component to Vukelic's approach is that the induction of low-density plasma causes ionisation of water molecules within the cornea. This ionisation creates a reactive oxygen species, which interacts with the collagen fibrils to form chemical bonds, or crosslinks. The selective introduction of these crosslinks induces changes in the mechanical properties of the treated corneal tissue.
When his technique is applied to corneal tissue, the crosslinking alters the collagen properties in the treated regions, and this results in changes in the overall macrostructure of the cornea. The treatment ionises the target molecules within the cornea while avoiding optical breakdown of the corneal tissue. Because the process is photochemical, it does not disrupt tissue and the induced changes remain stable.
“If we carefully tailor these changes, we can adjust the corneal curvature and thus change the refractive power of the eye,” said Vukelic. “This is a fundamental departure from the mainstream ultrafast laser treatment that is currently applied in both research and clinical settings and relies on the optical breakdown of the target materials and subsequent cavitation bubble formation.”
Vukelic's group is currently building a clinical prototype and plans to start clinical trials by the end of the year.
CLICK HERE FOR MORE MEDICAL ENGINEERING NEWS
Drugstore chain operator Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA.O) reported a surprise drop in quarterly sales on Wednesday, citing challenging market conditions in Europe and the impact of a stronger dollar.
The company also said it would repurchase up to $1 billion worth of shares until Dec. 31.
Walgreens said sales from its international business fell 14.5 percent to $3.10 billion in the second quarter ended Feb. 28. Sales in its wholesale business, which also operates in Europe, fell 10.6 percent to $5.03 billion.
The average value of the dollar has risen 3.3 percent against a basket of currencies in the three months ended February.
Sales in the quarter were also hurt by a drop in front-end sales at its U.S. stores due to weak demand for consumables and personal care items.
Front-end sales, which include sales of non-prescription drugs, beauty products and toiletries, account for a third of the U.S. pharmacy business.
Walgreens has been trying to revive U.S. retail sales, or front-end sales, mainly by sprucing up its beauty business, which is a big traffic driver. The company said it would roll out revamped beauty sections in more than 1,000 stores by the end of 2017. It renovated beauty units in over 1,800 stores last year.
The company said it would close 60 stores in addition to the 200 closures announced in 2015 as part of a cost-cutting plan.
The largest U.S. drugstore chain, which has been waiting nearly a year and a half for regulatory approval to buy smaller rival Rite Aid Corp (RAD.N), did not provide an update on the deal.
Net income attributable to Walgreens, rose to $1.06 billion, or 98 cents per share, in the quarter, from $930 million, or 85 cents per share, a year earlier.
Excluding items, the company reported a profit of $1.36 per share, in line with the average analyst estimate, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Net sales fell to $29.45 billion from $30.18 billion a year earlier. Analysts on average had expected sales to remain flat.
Shares of Walgreens fell as much as 1.9 percent to $80.97 on Wednesday. As of Tuesday's close, the company's shares had fallen 4.4 percent in the last 12 months.
(Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto)
Winning sponsorship from Virginia Slims cigarettes is an awkward step forward; despite raised eyebrows among health advocates, King's manager (Sarah Silverman) encourages the sisterhood to puff it up for the cameras in public. The tobacco company covers the women's expenses as they travel between tournaments.
It's on one of those cross-country trips that King, who is tightly wound and shy off the court, meets Marilyn Barnett (Andrea Riseborough), a hairstylist with a flirtatious vibe. Barnett's stroking of King's hair triggers unexpected sensations and leaves her wanting much more.
Soon they're lovers travelling together and sharing hotel rooms while King keeps their relationship hidden from her mild-mannered, stay-at-home husband, Larry (Austin Stowell, giving three-dimensional humanity to a challenging role).
The film's title refers to the personal battles the characters face, portrayed dramatically where King is concerned. Her former rival, Australian star Margaret Court (Jessica McNamee), joins the women's circuit as the only mother and the only player travelling with her spouse.
When she condemns the "licentiousness, immorality and sin" that all-female sports teams build up, it's clear whom and what she's talking about. Then the sponsors' reactions if King were to be outed enter the mix.
Thankfully, the film makes the ever hustling Riggs, gifted at winning bets and clumsy at retaining relationships, into a cartoon of broad comedy. It's ideal casting for Carell, who perfectly captures the irregular, energetic body language and looks like Riggs' clone.
His struggle concerns his heiress wife (Elisabeth Shue), who adores his freewheeling humour but is appalled by his chronic gambling. He goes through the motions of attending Gamblers Anonymous meetings but turns them into a hullabaloo, and he has a remarkably crafty grip on his psychologist. His closest friend is a freelance pharmacist (Fred Armisen), who gives Riggs piles of mysterious get-up-and-go pills as the big match nears.
Riggs proposes the televised tennis showdown for loads of money from sponsors; King accepts his mock-misogynist challenge for the principle of the thing. Their climactic faceoff is well enough staged by stunt doubles shot from afar, with occasional glances at the stars.
The real excitement comes from watching the athletes' families in the stands pulling for them to win. And anonymous characters like the woman who holds aloft a sign that reads "Billie Jean for President." It's 44 years later, but much of it is as relevant as ever.
Star Tribune
BRASILIA, March 30 Brazil's central government posted a primary budget deficit of 26.263 billion reais ($8.39 billion) in February, above market expectations, as a slow economic recovery complicates policymakers' efforts to meet the fiscal deficit goal.
The central government - which includes federal ministries, social security and the central bank - had been expected to post a deficit of 20.1 billion reais, according to the median forecast in a Reuters poll of 10 economists.
($1 = 3.1312 reais) (Reporting by Marcela Ayres; Writing by Bruno Federowski; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
NEW NSW coach Brad Fittler has nine days to bring 19 football players together and create a team that can win State of Origin.
If that wasn't hard enough, 13 of them have never played an Origin game before. That includes extended squad members Nick Cotric and Tariq Sims.
Fittler is driving a culture change of sorts inside Blues camp.
LIVE stream the State of Origin Series LIVE and on-demand from overseas. Grab your Watch NRL Early Bird State of Origin Pass now >
Mobile phones have been banned when the team is together. Teammates are forced to talk to each other and get to know one another.
And, naturally, roommates will be spending plenty of one-on-one time with each other during the camp at Crowne Plaza on Coogee Beach, then when they hunker down in Melbourne leading up to game day.
That's why the Blues brains trust has been rather selective in deciding who should room with whom.
Camera Icon NSW Blues player David Klemmer during a team training session at Coogee Oval. Picture: AAP
NSW adviser Greg Alexander was put in charge of pairing the players up.
He explained the method to foxsports.com.au.
For the most part, he put players together who would be defending next to each other on the field — the left winger and centre, the hooker and lock, etc. The idea is to get to know the bloke you'll be covering to your left or right.
But he also split up the two halves for an entirely different reason.
Here's the Blues roomies for game one.
LATRELL MITCHELL and JOSH ADDO-CARR
The left centre-wing combination.
Two of the most talented young outside backs in the NRL and a pair of Origin rookies with big futures ahead of them.
Mitchell could have a hard time making sure the Fox keeps his phone in his bag, after coach Fittler singled out Addo-Carr as the one player who he was worried would break the rule.
JAMES ROBERTS and TOM TRBOJEVIC
Again, a couple of NSW debutants with bucketloads of talent between them.
They will occupy the right flank for the Blues at the MCG next week.
NATHAN CLEARY and TYSON FRIZELL
The rookie halfback has been roomed with one of the more experienced forwards in the team.
Alexander explained he chose not to room Cleary with Penrith teammate James Maloney simply because he wanted to take the younger playmaker out of his comfort zone.
“We didn't want Nathan and Jimmy together, because we thought it would be good if Nathan mixed with someone from a different club.
“We put Nathan with Tyson Frizell because they will defend on the right side together. Tyson will be looking after Nathan, he will be (defending) inside Nathan.”
JAMES MALONEY and JAMES TEDESCO
The five-eighth and fullback were paired up simply because they were the odd ones out.
Both men have been in Origin camps before and are already familiar with one another.
Teddy, good luck keeping the larrikin Maloney in check. You might want to sleep with one eye open to protect yourself from any pranks.
DAMIEN COOK and JACK DE BELIN
The hooker and lock will spend time side-by-side on the field in the middle of the park.
Neither has played an Origin game before, although de Belin has been in camps previously.
DAVID KLEMMER and REAGAN CAMPBELL-GILLARD
The starting props have never roomed together before, despite being on Kangaroos tour for last year's World Cup.
Klemmer's regular roomie and best mate Aaron Woods did not get selected for NSW this time around, and has been replaced — in every sense — by the Penrith wrecking ball.
“He's a different sort of bloke but he's exciting,” Klemmer told foxsports.com.au of his new roommate.
“The mo mate, the mo. He's got to cut it off.”
BOYD CORDNER
The skipper gets a room all to himself. Alexander says that's just a custom stretching back to his own playing days.
“The captain always has a room on his own, that's always a thing.
“I think the captain (Cordner) wants someone with him, he's a bit lonely. He leaves his door open so people can wander in,” Alexander joked.
PAUL VAUGHAN and JAKE TRBOJEVIC
The bench props are paired up in a room.
Trbojevic could well have been rooming with Damien Cook, if he had not been ousted from the starting lock position by Jack de Belin.
TYRONE PEACHEY and ANGUS CRICHTON
The two remaining players in the 17-man team get to bunk down together.
Neither has experienced an Origin camp before but will have plenty of time to get to know one another over the coming week.
NICK COTRIC and TARIQ SIMS
The two men in the extended squad.
They will not get the chance to run out onto the MCG next Wednesday, unless Cotric is gifted a spot, most likely because James Roberts fails to overcome an Achilles injury.
BRAD FITTLER
All the NSW Blues coaching staff are given their own private room at the Crowne Plaza.
But according to adviser Alexander, the head coach's quarters are a little fancier than others.
“The coach gets the penthouse, Freddy gets the penthouse, it's outrageous.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- Kroger is getting into the home grocery delivery game. One of the Richmond-area's largest grocers is now testing home grocery delivery from the Carytown Kroger in Richmond and Stonebridge Kroger in Midlothian.
Kroger is also testing home grocery delivery in Dallas.
Here's how it works
Home grocery delivery is part of ClickList, Kroger's online grocery program.
"Customers who designate Carytown or Stonebridge as their home store when ordering online through the ClickList platform will be greeted with the option to choose delivery," a Kroger spokesperson said. "From there, the customer creates their shopping list, selects a delivery time and then places an order. Once an order is placed, a Kroger store associate sets up the delivery."
Important details
There is a $11.95 service charge
Online payment is required
You cannot order more than three days in advance
You must be home to accept groceries
Pharmacy prescriptions and alcohol cannot be delivered
After testing is over, Kroger will decide whether or not to expand delivery in Richmond.
"It's our hope that Richmond will embrace the service and we can plan a full rollout for home delivery and online pay in the near future," Jason Talerico, e-commerce specialist with Kroger Mid-Atlantic, said.
A June 2016 survey by trade publication Food World indicated Kroger ranked number two, just behind Walmart, in Richmond in terms of grocery store market share.
In the year since the survey, MARTIN's -- the third-ranked store in the Richmond area -- closed many Central Virginia locations.
Most of this MARTIN's stores will reopen as Publix.
By Dan Jenkins
@DanTJenkins
Shane Morris and John O'Korn saw very little playing time under-center for the Michigan football team this season, which is probably why rumors about the two transferring to other schools began right after the Wolverines' season ended this past weekend.
Well, the rumors were partially true.
Morris announced on Twitter on Monday that he will transfer to another school and hopes to play in the fall as a graduate transfer.
“After many prayers and talks with family and loved ones I have decided to graduate transfer and play my 5th year of college football at another university,” Morris said in the statement.
Morris made national headlines in 2014 when he seemingly played through a concussion against Minnesota. A senior from Hazel Park, Morris threw only five passes this past season after throwing 87 in the previous two seasons combined.
A few hours later on Monday, O'Korn made a similar announcement — but put rumors to rest that he was thinking about leaving the university.
The thought of going to another university for my 5th yr never crossed my mind.. Believe this w all my heart. This is where I'm meant to be. pic.twitter.com/I4tR7k8xYy — JOK (@JohnOKorn) January 2, 2017
O'Korn started one game — against Indiana — for an injured Wilton Speight this season. He was only 7-for-10 for 59 yards in that game.
Morris and O'Korn were a part of an open quarterback competition this past spring, which Speight ultimately won.
Further Reading Bitcoin heist suspect reportedly walked out of low-security prison, onto flight An Icelandic man accused of being involved in the Nordic country's "Big Bitcoin Heist" has been arrested in Amsterdam, after having reportedly walked out of a rural Icelandic prison recently.
According to Rob van der Veen, a spokesman for the Dutch police, Sindri Thor Stefansson was arrested Sunday around 8pm local time.
"[Stefansson] was arrested in the center of Amsterdam," van der Veen emailed Ars. "He's in custody, and the public prosecutor will have further contact with the Iceland authorities concerning the extradition."
Icelandic authorities believe Stefansson is connected to the recent theft of 600 bitcoin-mining computers.
According to an account in the Icelandic newspaper Fréttablaðið, which was translated into English for Ars by a kind redditor, Stefansson may have believed that his detention was, in fact, over. However, while he was at the airport awaiting a flight to Stockholm, Sweden, a judge extended his detention order.
Further Reading Bitcoin thirst spurs Icelandic heist—“Grand theft on a scale unseen before” "I would never flee from prison if my freedom was legally removed by a judge; that is a fact," he said in a statement sent to the paper.
"I have not been presented with any evidence, and I was threatened with long isolation while in solitary confinement. I was told numerous times that I could just walk out if I would locate the so-called loot I was accused of stealing. I was put in solitary confinement, as punishment, because [law enforcement] could not find said loot, without evidence."
Stefansson added that he plans to return to Iceland.
"I can stay running as long as I want; I have contacted a group of people that will give me shelter, transport, faked identification, and money if need be to survive," he said. "It would be the easiest thing if I wanted to, but I rather want and intend to deal with this issue at home in Iceland, so I will return soon."
As Ars has reported previously, given that electricity is relatively cheap in Iceland compared to other parts of Europe—thanks to the country's plentiful geothermal energy—bitcoin mining has been in high demand despite Iceland's population of just over 300,000 people.
Later this year, bitcoin mining is expected to draw more energy than all of Iceland's residents use combined.
The Ithaca College baseball team narrowly defeated No. 24 Oswego State 3–2 April 24.
The Bombers got started in the top of the first inning. When junior right fielder Sam Little singled to left field, senior left fielder Domenic Boresta scored to put the Blue and Gold up 1–0.
The game remained scoreless until the top of the fourth when Little struck again, this time homering to centerfield to put another run on the board.
Oswego State scored for the first time in the bottom of the fifth when junior second baseman Brandon Nicholson hit a sacrifice fly to center field. The hit led senior shortstop Zach Whelan to cross home plate, cutting the lead to 2–1.
In the top of the seventh, Little singled to center field to score Boresta again, putting the South Hill squad up 3–1.
The Lakers tried to make a comeback in the bottom of the seventh when Whelan grounded out to shortstop, but not before sophomore catcher Lukas Olsson crossed the plate. However, that was the final run scored during the game and the Blue and Gold clinched the win.
Little went 4–4 on the day and had all three RBIs on the day. Sophomore pitcher Tom Cosentino picked up his first win of the year for the Bombers.
The Blue and Gold will face off against the University of Rochester at 5:30 p.m. April 25 in Rochester, New York.
HERE are seven of Toowoomba's best, and most expensive, houses on the market right now.
1. 3 Keira Court, Blue Mountain Heights
3 Keira Court, Blue Mountain Heights. Contributed
THIS four bedroom home overlooking views of the Lockyer Valley is on the market for $1.5 million.
The home, called Lumino, is described by agents McGrath as being generous in proportion and nestled in a stunning garden setting on the edge of the escarpment.
3 Keira Court, Blue Mountain Heights. Contributed
Features of the 65 sqm home include four king-sized bedrooms, three bathrooms, atrium-style living room with 27 foot high ceilings, a kitchen capturing 180 degree views and self-contained guest accomodation.
2. 27 Meehan Rd, Wellcamp
121 Tourist Rd, Rangeville. Contributed
DESCRIBED as having size, lifestyle and future capital growth, this Wellcamp home has hit the market for $1.6 million.
The five bedroom, three bathroom home is set on 7.25ha and Ray White agents said it was built sparing no expense with generous proportions for a private family retreat.
27 Meehan Rd, Wellcamp. Contributed
Features of the home include 5m high ceilings, Caesarstone bench tops, entertaining bar area, large covered outdoor area, fruit orchard, herb garden and bird averies and a fenced horse paddock.
3. 5 Nielsen Court, Middle Ridge
3 Nielsen Court, Middle Ridge. Contributed
LOCATED in one of Toowoomba's best suburbs, this Middle Ridge home set on a 4144 sqm block is priced at $1.2 million.
Agents Queensland Hot Property described the home as luxury living with the best of both worlds.
3 Nielsen Court, Middle Ridge. Contributed
The home is set in a quiet cul-de-sac surrounded by native bush land as well as offering the finest in modern living.
Features include a large kitchen, backyard entertainment area, main bedroom with walk-in-wardrobe and grand ensuite as well as a detatched garage that can be turned into a granny flat, games room or office.
4. 8 Panda St, Harristown
8 Panda St, Harristown. Contributed
WHEN you look inside this Toowoomba home it is truly like going back in time, at a price of $1.235 million.
The Smithfield Homestead is an iconic Bluestone residence that was originally by James Markets and Son for the former mayor of Toowoomba - James Taylor.
8 Panda St, Harristown. Contributed
Agents Cloud Real Estate said purchasing the property was an unmissable opportunity to seize a piece of history in a central Toowoomba location.
Features of the home include 4m ceilings, chandeliers, wide verandahs, ballroom and six bedrooms.
5. 6 Sherwood St, Mount Lofty
6 Sherwood St, Mount Lofty. Contributed
THIS Tuscan style home was designed and built by multi award winning builder Jeff Bubeck from Downs Designer Homes and is now on the market for $1.1 million.
Agents from York Realty described the five bedroom and three bathroom home as having a large family rumpus room and breath taking central atrium with cathedral-like 17 foot ceilings.
6 Sherwood St, Mount Lofty. Contributed
Other features of the home include wrought iron stair case, home theatre, outdoor entertainment area, granite kitchen and three-car garages.
6. 25 Margaret St, East Toowoomba
25 Margaret St, East Toowoomba. Contributed
WITH a prime position in Toowomba, this English colonial property is going for offers above $1.195 million.
Agents PRDnationwide said the property, Beccles, was a stunning fusion of architectural and interior design that had been passionately renovated and extended to provide five-star family living.
25 Margaret St, East Toowoomba. Contributed
The house is set on 1212 sqm of terraced gardens with bluestone walls and five separate paved garden areas.
The home also features three seperate living areas, large kitchen with a butler's pantry, polished floors and high ceilings.
7. 121 Tourist Rd, Rangeville
121 Tourist Rd, Rangeville. Contributed
ANOTHER property located in one of Toowoomba's prime areas is currently on the market via expressions of interest.
Agents Webster Cavanagh said the breathtaking 1950s brick residence was set on a magnificent 3035 sqm allotment surrounded by establish gardens in one of Toowoomba's most prestigious locations.
121 Tourist Rd, Rangeville. Contributed
The 267 sqm home features four bedrooms, three bathrooms, multiple living spaces, open-plan kitchen, undercover outdoor entertaining area, in ground floor heating and is only minutes to Picnic Point.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A Tennessee law could save your child's life in an emergency situation while they're at school.
Scroll for more content...
AEDs are now required inside every high school statewide. The law went into effect on Sunday.
The AED, or automated external defibrillator, delivers an electric shock to your chest. It can steady an irregular heartbeat or restart a heart if someone goes into sudden cardiac arrest.
The AED can make the difference between the life or death, helping to keep the person stable until a paramedic can arrive.
Experts say more than 6,000 people under the age of 18 go into cardiac arrest in the U.S. every year. More than half of them are students of the high school age.
Officials with the American Heart Association stress that they hope schools will never have to use an AED, but it's better to have one just in case.
Students will also be required to receive training on how to use the device.
We open today's show with a big THANK YOU to all of you listeners who listen and support this show. Then we get into the latest Miami Dolphins news from the day. We talk about DeMarco Murray and his visit today with the Dolphins. What is Miami's RB position like and is Murray a fit? We talk about how and why LB is maybe a must at pick #11 . And we close out the show with some quick hit news items from the day.
(Click One of the Links Below to Listen )
Soundcloud: CLICK HERE
iTunes: CLICK HERE
TuneIN: CLICK HERE
You can also find the show on Stitcher, PodBean, and GooglePlay
Follow us on Twitter @DolphinsTalk
Google is well known for throwing Easter eggs in to its software, particularly with Android versions. For the past two years, there's been a hidden Flappy Bird-style game which you access by heading in to Settings>About Phone then tapping multiple times on the Android version, then tapping repeatedly and long-pressing the Android version logo. Having changed with Android Nougat to become more complicated, Google returned to more simple roots with Android Oreo.
This year's Easter egg is a simple octopus on screen that you drag around and manipulate. Here's how to get it...
Your first step, as already mentioned head to the settings menu, scroll all the way down until you reach "About Phone", tap that and find "Android version". If you press this option multiple times repeatedly, you'll get to a screen showing the Android O logo on your wallpaper.
Repeatedly tap the "O" a few times then press and hold on it and you now you should see a black octopus onscreen. You can now drag the octopus around the screen, pick it up, drop it, mess around with it.
You can get to the Nougat Easter egg in much the same as as Oreo, but the actual game is much more involved. Activate the easter as normal by going into your Settings > About Phone > Android version. Repeatedly tap on the Android Version tab until the "N" appears on screen.
Swipe down from the top of the screen to reveal your quick settings toggles and hit "edit". You should now see a cat face icon with the label, "???? Android Easter egg". Drag and drop this icon to to the main quick settings options and place it where you want it. Now, the fun can begin.
Hit your home button and then drag down the quick settings shade from the top of the screen again. This time you should see an "empty plate" option. Tap it and you'll see an overlay with four food choices: Bits, Fish, Chicken and Treat. Select one, then continue using your phone as normal, and wait.
Eventually, you'll get a notification telling you that a cat has snagged one of the treats. But it doesn't always work, which is kind of the point of the game. You have to keep trying, using different treats to bait a cat.
When it does work, you'll get a notification saying "a cat is here" with the number of the cat listed underneath. Tapping on the notification reveals a new screen with a cat icon which you tap once to rename, or long-press to reveal sharing options. You can save a full resolution version of the cat's picture to your device, or share it to all your social media accounts like every other crazy cat owner.
Right before Android L was launched, a massive hit game called Flappy Bird hit the world of mobile apps. It was hugely popular, until the developer pulled it. Still, it was around long enough to inspire Google's Android Easter eggs.
In these two versions of the Android OS, go to Settings > About Phone, and repeatedly tap on "Android Version" the same as the others. Now repeatedly tap and long-press on the logo that appears. Now, a mini game should load. In the game, the idea is to tap the screen to help your Android Robot avoid getting stuck on lollipops or marshmallows, depending on which version of the operating system you're running.
The minor news story on Trump being in the habit of watching television for at least four hours a day apparently hasn't come unnoticed.
In his most recent Twitter post, Donald Trump has lashed out at The New York Times, saying that what they wrote about him is completely wrong. He also flatly denied watching CNN or MSNBC ever, citing these outlets as "fake news."
Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day — Wrong! Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the “dumbest man on television!” Bad Reporting. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 11 декабря 2017 г.
The announcement has brought about a storm of online speculations.
Some ironically remarked that instead of tweeting over the Manhattan terrorist attack "the joke of a president" chose to condemn the "liberal press."
Instead of the bombing in New York City, THIS is what the joke of a president is tweeting about!! — Perez (@ThePerezHilton) 11 декабря 2017 г.
Others simply sought to laugh it off:
​One Twitter user had even adduced an illustration of bananas, thus obviously referring to a widely used English idiomatic expression:
A number of Twitterians have drawn parallels between Trump's condemnation of the aforementioned media outlets with recent jokes on Trump's golfing, tweeting and alike:
Being president is hard work, after golfing, tweeting and eating Big Macs you barely have time to watch eight hours of television per day. — Steve Bannon (@PRESlDENTBANNON) 11 декабря 2017 г.
This one however was promptly slammed by a pro-Trump user:
How about jobs up, tax bill on its way, the lowest unemployment in 17 years, ISIS dying, consumer confidence up? Etc etc
You post only feelings, no proof — Nutmeg Centipede 🌐 (@NutmegCentipede) 11 декабря 2017 г.
​READ MORE: 'Adult Day Care Center': Twitter Reacts to Report Trump Watches TV 8 Hours a Day
HUDDERSFIELD head coach David Wagner believes Manchester City's “extraordinary” form has forced Chelsea boss Antonio Conte to wave the white flag in the Premier League title race.
Conte said his champions were out of the running after Saturday's 1-0 defeat at West Ham and they will look to bounce back at Huddersfield's home on Wednesday morning, live from 7.00am AEDT .
Wagner, whose side have already beaten Manchester United on home turf where Socceroos midfielder Aaron Mooy bagged the opener, said City's superb form rather than Chelsea's shortcomings has seen Pep Guardiola's side emerge as runaway leaders.
“If Antonio Conte said this, it's not up to me to say he isn't right,” said Wagner. “I was never really focused on the top six.
“What is for sure a surprise is that it shows the top quality Pep Guardiola and Manchester City have developed.
“They have won 15 games and drawn one in the Premier League. In any country in Europe, to win 15 and draw one is absolutely extraordinary.
“This is what should be focused on rather than the other teams who are not able to follow them.”
Mooy was named to play in Wednesday's clash while Rajiv van La Parra will return to contention after serving a three-game ban for his late and unnecessary altercation with Leroy Sané, which earned him a red card in the recent home defeat to City.
The other games on Wednesday are: Burnley v Stoke; and, Crystal Palace v Watford.
Follow all the morning's Premier League action in the blog below!
CLICK HERE IF YOU CANNOT VIEW THE BLOG
Heading to his home rallycross track for the second round of the RX2 International Series, Nathan Heathcote had high hopes for a good haul of points, but bad luck plagued the Brit from the outset.
This was Heathcote's second racing outing around the newly built Silverstone Rallycross track, as he competed in the opening round of the MSA British Championship earlier in the year to help himself acclimatise to it. Things looked to be off to a good start, as the 21-year old set the fourth quickest time in Friday's free practice session. Having looked to be in the running to make it into the semi-finals last time out in Mettet, only for his good run to be ended by an unlucky roll, Heathcote knew he had a point to prove and the pace to do it
But luck wasn't on his side in the qualifying heats, an electrical problem hampered Saturday's Q1 and Q2, and, in his charge to make up for lost time in Sunday morning's Q3, he unfortunately rolled again. He was able to get his Team Faren run Supercar Lite out for Q4, and got his first clean run of the weekend, going eleventh quickest overall and showing that the potential for a spot in the semi-final was very much there.
“It hasn't really been my weekend,” he commented.
“We got the electrical problems fixed for Sunday and I knew I had to really push hard in Q3. I ended up just pushing a bit too hard and tapped one of the barriers, which put me over on my roof again.
“It was amazing to race in front of such a huge home crowd, but it's a really disappointing result so I'm really looking forward to the next race in Norway next week to get back out there and get a good result for me and the team.”
The next round of the championship will be held at the infamous Hell Circuit in Norway in two weeks time, and Heathcote is looking to put the bad luck behind him and get some points on the board.
VOL. 42 | NO. 21 | Friday, May 25, 2018
Need an entry-level job at a store? It can be harder now Print | Front Page | Email this story To:
From:
Message:
From (email):
Message:
NEW YORK (AP) — Asia Thomas knew she was at a disadvantage. It had been 16 years since she quit a job at McDonald's to raise her kids. When she left, restaurants didn't have kiosks to take orders, people didn't use smartphones to pay, and job seekers did applications on paper.
"Things have changed," said Thomas, who lives in Baltimore. "And there were a lot of things I forgot."
Getting a job at a store or fast-food restaurant — often a way into the economy for an unskilled worker — used to be as simple as walking up and down the mall and applying. Now, with store chains closing and laying off thousands of workers, that path is more complicated. The stores that remain financially healthy are actually raising wages in a tight labor market. But they're seeking a new type of worker — one who has a lot more skills up front.
Thomas, 44, was able to get a job at wholesale club B.J.'s for $12 an hour — but that was only after signing up for computer lessons and taking a class in retail basics like how to track inventory and handle issues like returns. That led her to another opportunity at a casino.
Across all entry-level retail jobs, the number of skills being demanded rose from 2010 to 2016, according to an analysis done for The Associated Press by Burning Glass Technologies, which scours 25 million job postings.
Burning Glass found a greater emphasis on customer service and communications skills for cashier, stock clerk and sales floor support jobs. And for many other entry-level jobs, employers want even more skills, like the ability to use customer relations software like Salesforce. Even forklift operators are being asked to be proficient in inventory management software.
This has major consequences for workers without college degrees or vocational training trying to get an economic foothold. A decade ago, workers, especially young ones, could start as cashiers and move up to become store managers or even higher. But now, it's harder to even get in the door.
"The bottom may be coming out of the career ladder," said Burning Glass CEO Matt Sigelman.
Experts say those who might otherwise have started out at working at a store may head instead to cleaning, dishwashing or health aide jobs. The number of jobs in those fields is expected to grow far more than in retail. While these jobs may pay about the same as retail, they can be more demanding physically and provide less opportunity to move up.
"This phenomenon is creating more pressure on incomes at the lower end of the middle class and will push people down closer to and even below the poverty line," said Fred Crawford, senior vice chairman of consulting firm AlixPartners. "It will exacerbate the growing gap between the haves and have-nots."
These changes are being driven by companies' use of large amounts of data not available a generation ago. Supermarkets, for instance, use loyalty programs to better track customers' shopping habits. Clothing chains are now quickly reacting to the latest fashion trends, adjusting the merchandise on store shelves within days. That means front-line workers must do more.
Take cashiers. Employers asked for five skills in 2016, up from three in 2010. The job often requires running sophisticated registers that track loyalty cards, digital coupons and real-time inventory.
"We are looking for workers who are not only friendly and passionate but people who are tech-savvy," said Marisa Velez, store director of DSW Designer Warehouse in New York's Union Square.
That's a shift from just five years ago, when the technology a sales clerk at the serve-yourself shoes and accessories chain would use would involve a calculator or calling another store to check if they have an item.
At DSW, Phoebe Li swiftly navigates the aisles stacked with boxes of shoes, seeing if customers need help while she scans an iPad to check on online inventory. The tablets DSW uses will soon be able to ring up a sale as well. "If I see someone bending down looking for a size, I ask them, "How is everything?'" said Li, 24, who has worked at DSW part-time since February.
"Customers are coming in with limited time," Velez said. "They're rushing. They want what they are looking for. We're able to expedite that through the app, through the iPad and making sure we are respecting their time while still capturing the sale."
Online home goods retailer Wayfair is increasingly looking for customer service and warehouse workers with problem-solving skills. Its employees help customers design a room, or they figure out how to pack a truck without damaging fragile items. So it's now recruiting gamers at places like Comic Con for those roles, said Liz Graham, who oversees customer service and sales.
Nearly a third of all first jobs in the U.S. are in retail. But 62 percent of service-sector workers, which includes jobs like cashiers and store sales assistants, have limited literacy skills and 74 percent have limited math abilities, according to the National Skills Coalition, funded by Walmart Inc.'s charitable arm.
Chains like Target and Walmart are increasing training on the job. And the nonprofit arm of the industry's trade and lobbying group, the National Retail Federation, launched a training and credential program for entry-level workers last year, joining with nonprofit groups like Goodwill to teach classes. But that may not be enough to fill the skill gap. There were more than 700,000 current job openings in retail in March, according to government data.
The retail industry "relied on a largely unskilled entry labor force. Now, it's leaning more toward skilled people and competing with other sectors" like technology, said economist Frank Badillo, founder and director of research at MacroSavvy.
The training programs are making difference. Nadine Vixama would have never had a shot without them. Vixama, 42, emigrated from Haiti eight years ago and worked in a money payment business and then at a dry cleaner. But she wanted something that was more about customer service.
She did snag a job at Whole Foods in Cambridge, Massachusetts, first as a bagger and now as a cashier, making a little more than $11 an hour. But that was after taking English classes and the store basics program developed by the NRF.
"I've learned to treat customers in a better way ... how to keep pace with them," Vixama said. At another class offered by a workplace group, she learned about spreadsheet programs like Excel and studied basic accounting.
Vixama just finished the second class, and shadowed a manager at CVS as part of that training. She's considering an entry-level job at a drugstore and mulling her options.
"I don't want to stay like this," she said. "I want to have better growth opportunities."
____
Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio
STEPHEN HAWKINS
AP Sports Writer
ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Wisconsin tight end Troy Fumagalli made a leaping 8-yard touchdown catch in the fourth quarter and the Badgers won 24-16 in the Cotton Bowl on Monday to deny Western Michigan an undefeated season.
The TD catch by Fumagalli with 14 minutes left, in the back of the end zone between two defenders, came three plays after a rare interception thrown by Zach Terrell and made it 24-10.
With their “Row The Boat” mentality inspired by young head coach P.J. Fleck, the Broncos (13-1) made it from one win during his first season in Kalamazoo three years ago to the last FBS team other than No. 1 Alabama this season with a chance to be undefeated.
But Wisconsin (11-3), which finished with 11 wins for the fourth time in seven seasons, was clearly bigger and stronger — especially up front. The Big Ten Badgers set the tone early, with rushing touchdowns on their first two drives to take a 14-0 lead against the Group of Five team.
Fumagalli had several other highlight catches, including a one-handed 20-yard grab on the Badgers' opening drive, and a 26-yard catch to convert third-and-8 after Western Michigan scored in the fourth quarter.
Terrell combined with All-America receiver Corey Davis for 51 career touchdowns, tying the FBS record on an 11-yarder on fourth down with 3:27 left. Even with cornerback Sojourn Shelton's arms wrapped around him in the back of the end zone, Davis broke free to make the catch.
Western Michigan's senior quarterback had 33 touchdowns and only four interceptions this season, the last pick by Wisconsin linebacker T.J. Edwards.
TAKEAWAY
Western Michigan: The Broncos never backed down and Fleck has set a solid foundation for them to keep rowing forward, even with the loss of guys like Davis and Terrell, who were part of that one-win season in 2013. Western Michigan had only 280 total yards, 217 below its season average.
Wisconsin: The only losses this season for the Badgers were to Big Ten foes Michigan, Ohio State and Penn State — all who also played in New Year's Six games. Freshman quarterback Alex Hornibrook, who started nine games before a concussion forced him to miss the Big Ten championship game, was 2-of-2 passing. He threw the TD pass to Fumagalli, who finished with six catches for 83 yards.
UP NEXT
Western Michigan knows it has to continue play Power Five teams to have chances for more New Year's Six games, and maybe eventually a playoff appearance. The Broncos open next season Sept. 2 at USC, a week before they play Michigan State, another Big Ten opponent.
Wisconsin always gets a chance to prove itself in the Big Ten. So the Badgers can ease into its season, and will Sept. 1 at home against Utah State.
___
More AP college football coverage: http://www.collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
RICHMOND, BC and GUILFORD, CONN., BIOASIS TECHNOLOGIES INC. (TSX.V:BTI; OTCQB:BIOAF), a biopharmaceutical company developing its xB3 TM proprietary platform technology for the delivery of therapeutics across the blood-brain barrier (BBB) and the treatment of CNS disorders in areas of high unmet medical-need, including brain cancers and neurodegenerative diseases, today announced the publication of independent research validating the ability of the company's xB3 platform to efficiently deliver antibodies across the blood-brain barrier to the central nervous system in therapeutically relevant doses.
Scientists at MedImmune, the global biologics research and development arm of AstraZeneca, evaluated Bioasis' xB3 platform technology by making two xB3 antibody fusion proteins and measuring systemic pharmacokinetic (PK) and brain exposure in mice; this was followed by a pharmacodynamic (PD) study in a mouse neuropathic pain model. This research shows that the xB3 platform demonstrated a strong PK/PD dose dependent relationship in this pre-clinical neuropathic pain mouse model without compromising peripheral pharmacokinetic properties. The research conducted by Thom, et al., "A peptide derived from melanotransferrin delivers a protein-based interleukin 1 receptor antagonist across the BBB and ameliorates neuropathic pain in a pre-clinical model," was published in the Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow and Metabolism.
The study found that the xB3 fusion protein maintained the systemic pharmacokinetics of its payload and had significantly improved and sustained brain exposure of the payload molecule. The PD study demonstrated dose dependent pre-clinical effect in neuropathic pain model post single dose systemic administration.
The data presented in this publication provide evidence for the utility of xB3 peptides (previously known as MTfpep) as a platform technology for delivery of recombinant and chemically conjugated drugs across the BBB to increase brain exposure. The pharmacokinetic data demonstrate efficient delivery of antibodies across the BBB with peak exposure of over 4% injected dose per gram of brain, compared to peak of 0.5% for payload alone.
The new data from MedImmune further highlights that xB3 peptides do not affect systemic pharmacokinetics of the antibody payload compared to the payload alone. In the pharmacodynamic mouse model of neuropathic pain, the recombinant fusion protein with interleukin-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1RA) demonstrated efficient delivery of therapeutic concentrations of IL-1RA to the CNS and eliciting analgesia in the animal model after a single dose treatment. Systemic administration of IL-1RA itself does not elicit analgesia.
"The results from this research independently validate the utility of our xB3 platform technology to increase delivery of therapeutic compounds across the blood-brain barrier at levels that may help treat a variety of central nervous system diseases. The Medimmune data are consistent with the previous antibody study where our technology successfully delivered Herceptin® (trastuzumab) to the brain, engaged the target areas and reduced brain metastasis by 68%." said Mei Mei Tian, Ph.D., vice president, head of external research, Bioasis.
###
The article is available to access here: http://journals. sagepub. com/ doi/ full/ 10. 1177/ 0271678X18772998
ABSTRACT
Delivery of biologic drugs across the blood-brain barrier is becoming a reality. However, the solutions often involve the assembly of complex multi-specific antibody molecules. Here we utilize a simple 12 amino-acid peptide originating from the melanotransferrin (MTf) protein that has shown improved brain delivery properties. 3D confocal fluorescence microscopic analysis demonstrated brain parenchymal localization of a fluorescently labelled antibody (NIP228) when chemically conjugated to either the MTf peptide or full-length MTf protein. Measurement of plasma kinetics demonstrated the MTf peptide fusions had very similar kinetics to an unmodified NIP228 control antibody, whereas the fusion to MTf protein had significantly reduced plasma exposure most likely due to a higher tissue distribution in the periphery. Brain exposure for the MTf peptide fusions was significantly increased for the duration of the study, exceeding that of the fusions to full length MTf protein. Using a neuropathic pain model, we have demonstrated that fusions to interleukin 1 receptor antagonist (IL-1RA) are able to induce significant and durable analgesia following peripheral administration. These data demonstrate that recombinant and chemically conjugated MTf-based brain delivery vectors can deliver therapeutic levels of drug to the central nervous system.
About Bioasis
× Can the travel ban continue? Supreme Court to hear arguments Wednesday
Art museums, a Gold Star father, lawmakers, states and one of Donald Trump's personal lawyers are pleading with the Supreme Court ahead of Wednesday's oral arguments on the fate of the President's travel ban.
The dozens and dozens of filings, known as “friend of the court” or “amicus” briefs, are meant to offer context and remind the justices that their eventual ruling could have historic implications on areas unrelated to current policy.
The Trump administration's third version of the travel ban issued in September places varying levels of restrictions on foreign nationals from seven countries: Iran, Libya, North Korea, Syria, Venezuela, Somalia and Yemen. (Chad was removed from the list earlier this month.)
“Nobody knows for sure whether any particular amicus brief changes a justice's mind in any particular case, but we do know that the justices are using the briefs more than ever before — citing to them in their opinions regularly asking about them frequently at oral arguments,” said Allison Orr Larsen, a Professor of Law at the William and Mary Law School.
Here are some of the highlights:
Against the ban
Critics of the government say the ban does not protect national security.
“We're a group that believes courts should defer to the president on national security, but only when there's a real national security threat presented, not a pretense of one,” Joshua A. Geltzer, the executive director of the Institute for Constitutional Advocacy and Protection at Georgetown Law said. He signed a brief submitted by former national security officials.
“In three tries, the government still hasn't shown what national security threat could require banning 150 million people from entering this country, especially when no national from a banned country has caused a terrorism-related death in the United States since 1975,” he said.
Another is signed by Karen Korematsu, the daughter of the late Fred T. Korematsu ,the lead plaintiff in a Supreme Court case that challenged the mass incarceration of Japanese Americans during World War II. In 1944, the Court ruled against Korematsu in a decision that has since been widely condemned.
Lawyers for Karen Korematsu emphasize the “human toll and constitutional harms wrought by governmental actions , carried out in the name of national security , that impact men, women, and children belonging to disfavored minority groups.”
Linking the case to the current travel ban, they argue that “invoking national security, the government seeks near complete deference to the President's decision to deny indefinitely all immigrant and most non-immigrant visas to nationals of six Muslim majority countries.”
Lisa Blatt, an Arnold & Porter lawyer, represents Iranian-American nonprofit organizations who argue that the latest version of the travel ban continues to “demean and stigmatize minority communities.” She points out that while the government emphasizes that waivers are available on a “case-by-case” basis, in reality, those seeking the waivers are subject to “opaque, ad hoc and entirely discretionary decisionmaking.”
The brief highlights the story of Nageeb Alomari, a citizen of the United States and a father of three, whose wife and children live in Yemen. He was unsuccessful in his attempts to get a visa for one of his daughters who have cerebral palsy.
If the justices are curious about how many visas were issued before and after the travel ban proclamation took effect, Blatt provides the information.
“In 2016,” she says that the United States issued more than 73,500 immigrant and nonimmigrant visas to nationals of the countries affected by the travel ban.
In contrast, she argues that according to the State Department, in the first month after the latest Proclamation took effect of the 8,406 visa applications consular officers received and processed from those impacted by the ban, 6,533 were denied.
“Only two waivers had been approved by February 15 — a rate of less than .025%,” Blatt wrote.
Another brief comes from lawyers for the Association of Art Directors, who tell the justices that the proclamation has forced some museums to cancel or postpone planned exhibits that would have “showcased important works by artists from the covered countries” because artists, lenders, collectors and curators have not been able to travel under the ban.
One artist, the prominent sculptor Parviz Tanavoli, who is a dual national of Iran and Canada, decided he would not travel to the United States because he didn't want to be interrogated “just because I was born in Iran.”
The Portland Art Museum is concerned with its ability to get a visa for a renowned Syrian calligrapher, Khaled Al-Saa'i. The artist was slated to create a mural for an indoor sculpture. “The loss of these projects causes substantial harm,” the brief said, “it does so by depriving Americans of important works of art, great performances, and scholarly presentations, thereby denying the public opportunities to gain insights into the history, culture, and aspirations of the people of the Designated Countries.”
One hundred and twelve museums have signed on to the brief including the Art Institute of Chicago, the Carnegie Museum of Art and the Frisk Collection in New York, and they argue that they are “now doubtful of future exhibits that rely on the support of persons who are covered nationals of the Designated Countries.”
When exhibits are canceled, they say, “the American public is denied the opportunity to view and study unique works of art that provide an invaluable window into world culture.”
Larsen says that in recent years there has been a big uptick in the number of amicus briefs that have been filed — an 800% increase in filings since the 1950's and a 95% increase since 1995.
“To put it in perspective,” she said “Roe v. Wade (the landmark abortion case) had about 20 amicus briefs and Brown v. Board (striking down school desegregation by race) had only six.”
Supporters of the ban
Supporters of the government's position in the case are also well-represented in court filings.
Andrew C. McCarthy, who served as an Assistant United States Attorney in the Southern District of New York and led the prosecution of Omar Abdel Rahman, the so-called “Blind Sheikh” who was involved in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, signed on to a brief by national security experts.
McCarthy believes that the President has the authority to issue the proclamation and that it is not the “province of the judiciary” to say otherwise.
“At the end of the day,” McCarthy argued, “it is not the role of the judiciary to intercede in such matters, and this Court should clearly say so.”
He says the ban offers the majority of Americans what they want: “Muslims who embrace our way of life invited in and Muslims who threaten our way of life kept out.”
Attorney General Ken Paxton of Texas also supports the government, signing on to a brief filed by 14 states.
They emphasize that the proclamation was issued after a worldwide review of vetting procedures that was conducted by the Trump administration. They say the ban does not amount to a “Muslim ban” because it classifies aliens by nationality.
“That is not an invidious pretext-especially given the Proclamation's detailed national-security findings, the resonance of those findings in determinations of numerous federal officials, and the judicial deference owed to executive decisions in this context,” the brief states.
One of the President's own lawyers in the Russia investigation, Jay Sekulow, who also serves as Chief Counsel of the conservative American Center for Law and Justice, has filed a brief in support of the travel ban. He says that the courts should not look to comment Trump made during the campaign that some believed showed religious animus.
“Suggestions of possible religious or anti-religious motives, mined from past comments of a political candidate or his supporters uttered on the campaign trail as private citizens, is not enough to defeat the proclamation,” Sekulow wrote.
Instead, he said, the court should “limit its inquiry to official acts or statements” in deciding the legality of the ban.
In its brief in support of the administration, lawyers for an organization called the Foundation for Moral Law argue in part that the travel ban is “compatible with the teaching of the Bible on immigration.”
“The New Testament” affirms, the brief said “that civil government exists to protect the innocent and punish those who do evil.”
Scholars of Mormon History have filed a brief in support of neither party. Their lawyers focus on the “federal government's efforts to restrict Mormon immigration as a part of the government's sustained 19th century legal campaign against the Mormon faith.”
Taking no position on the legality of the travel ban, the lawyers say their whole purpose is to provide the court with an example of religious discrimination in immigration from the past.
“If the Proclamation does target Muslims for disfavored treatment, then the history of the government's mistreatement of Mormons suggests it could take decades-if not longer-to undo the damage that official action would cause to both America's body politic and the place of Muslims in our society,” they argued.
While amicus briefs aren't always relied upon, sometimes they are powerful enough to influence a justice's thinking.
Back in 2003, for instance, the court was considering a big affirmative action case concerning the admissions plan at the University of Michigan Law School. Lawyers for retired military officers filed an amicus brief in support of the school.
When Justice Sandra Day O'Connor wrote the majority opinion she referred to “high-ranking retired officers” who assert that a “highly qualified, racially diverse officer corps” is essential to the military's ability to fulfill its mission to provide national security.
The court upheld the law school's plan.
[India], Jul 4 (ANI): Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh on Wednesday dismissed the Minimum Support Hike (MSP) hike announced by the Centre "as nothing more than a cosmetic measure," which does not address the core concerns of the farming community.
In a statement, Singh said the increase did not meet the state government's demand for 50% hike over and above C2 (a comprehensive cost, accounting for the rentals and interest forgone on owned land and fixed capital assets over A2 + FL (which covers the actual paid out costs plus an imputed value of unpaid family labour).
"The state's demand was in line with the recommendation and subsequent clarification issued by Dr. Swaminathan on the recommended MSP hike," said the Punjab Chief Minister, reiterating his demand for in toto implementation of the MS Swaminathan Commission report.
"The increase announced by the central government did not meet the expectations of the distressed farming community, nor was it adequate to address the root of the problem, as identified by the Swaminathan Commission. It will only offer marginal relief to the beleaguered farmers, reeling under huge debts," he added.
Singh lamented that the Centre had also failed to accept the state government's demand for compensation for paddy residue management, which was a critical necessity in view of the pollution problem.
Further, he pointed out that there was also no move by the Centre to purchase other crops at MSP to motivate farmers to diversify, adding that failure to do so would have serious ramifications not only for Punjab but for the entire nation in view of the grave groundwater crisis it was facing.
"If the central government was indeed serious about addressing the problems of the farming community, they would have to go beyond such half-hearted attempts and come out with a comprehensive package, including national debt waiver scheme," Singh asserted.
"As a nation, we owe it to our farmers," he said, adding that the farming community deserved a much better deal in exchange of the labours it had been putting in for decades to feed the country and make it food secure.
Earlier in the day, in order to boost the income of the farmers, the Union Cabinet approved the MSP for 14 Kharif crops for the year 2018-19.
The meeting chaired by Prime Minister Modi approved the proposal made by Union Minister Arun Jaitley in the Budget 2018 of hiking the support price by one-and-a-half times of the production cost for Kharif crops.
MSP is referred to a price at which the government buys crops from the farmers, to protect agriculture producers from fall in farm prices.
The MSP for paddy has been increased by around Rs 200 per quintal, jowar (hybrid) by Rs 730 per quintal and ragi by Rs 997 per quintal.
The MSP of paddy (common grade) has been increased by Rs 200 to Rs 1,750 per quintal, while that of Grade A variety by Rs 160 per quintal to Rs 1,750.
The MSP of medium staple cotton has been increased to Rs 5,150 from Rs 4,020 earlier, and that of long staple cotton to Rs 5,450 from Rs 4,320 per quintal.
In pulses, MSP of tur dal has been raised to Rs 5,675 per quintal from Rs 5,450, while that of moong dal to Rs 6,975 per quintal from Rs 5,575.
In his 2018 Budget speech, Jaitley had announced that think-tank Niti Aayog in consultation with central and state governments will put in place a mechanism to ensure farmers get benefits of the minimum support price.
Since 2007-08, the MSP has gone up from Rs 745 to Rs 1550 per quintal.
In 2008-09, the MSP was increased from Rs 745 per quintal in the previous fiscal year (FY) to Rs 900 per quintal (an increase of Rs 155 per quintal). Rs 100 per quintal on MSP was also raised by the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government in FY 2009-10. (ANI)
Kanata-based Mitel has agreed to be acquired by an American investment firm in a $2-billion cash deal designed to take the company private.
The deal, announced early Tuesday, will see Mitel shareholders receive $11.15 per share, which puts the firm's market capitalization at $1.35 billion. As part of the deal the American investor, Searchlight Capital Partners, L.P., will also assume all of Mitel's corporate debt.
The news of the acquisition, which is expected to close in the second half of 2018, sent Mitel's shares up by as much as 14 per cent in pre-market trading on Tuesday. The firm's shares closed at $10.16 on the TSX Stock Exchange on Monday.
At $11.15, the acquisition price per share for Mitel's outstanding stock marks a valuation that the company hasn't seen since 2014.
“Mitel has succeeded for 45 years because of persistent innovation and relentless focus on delivering shareholder value. Our Board determined that this transaction, upon closing, will deliver immediate, significant and certain cash value to our shareholders,” said Terry Matthews, Mitel co-founder and chairman. “It also affirms the tremendous value and market leadership of Mitel. We believe this transaction will provide Mitel with additional flexibility as a private company to pursue the company's move-to-the-cloud strategy.”
The news comes just two months after Mitel chief executive officer Rich McBee said he was pushing the pause button on his seven-year acquisition strategy, which had been aimed at expanding the company.
McBee said he would be focussing on working the assets of ShoreTel, a California-based rival that Mitel purchased last September for $430 million, into Mitel's operations.
Since he joined Mitel as CEO in 2011, McBee has acquired a string of telecommunications firms with the goal of creating an industry powerhouse. Not all the deals were successful but the purchase of ShoreTel and Aastra Technologies of Toronto in 2013 gave McBee a sizeable operation with which to work.
In February, Mitel reported fourth-quarter revenues of $356 million, up 37 per cent year-over-year, thanks to the addition of ShoreTel's results effective Sept. 25. Excluding ShoreTel from the equation, Mitel‘s revenues in the quarter were up a modest four per cent compared to the same period a year earlier.
These results understate the performance of Mitel, which is undergoing a profound shift in how its customers buy telecommunications technology. Instead of paying for hardware upfront, many clients are instead purchasing telecommunications services from Mitel as a cloud service, paying a bit at a time. This has the effect of depressing Mitel‘s revenues in the short term though over time the company's financial picture should improve.
During this transition, McBee has been trying to squeeze as much cash as possible from operations — mainly by eliminating overlapping jobs following each of the acquisitions. For instance, Mitel employed 4,136 at yearend 2017 (including 550 or so at the Kanata headquarters) and this has already declined to 3,820 as the company combs through ShoreTel's operations.
Mitel reported adjusted net income of $33.1 million (27 cents per share) in the fourth quarter compared to $27.3 million (22 cents per share) in the fourth quarter of 2016.
For the full fiscal year, Mitel‘s revenues reached $1.06 billion compared to $987.6 million in 2016 while adjusted earnings were $81.1 million (65 cents per share), an improvement over adjusted earnings in 2016 of $74.9 million (60 cents per share).
Debt of $612 million at year end remains relatively high.
Mitel forecast revenues for the current quarter will be in the range of $300 million to $320 million, compared to analysts' previous consensus projection of $314 million. McBee also predicted his firm's adjusted earnings will be somewhere between 7 cents per share and 13 cents per share, slightly below analysts' forecasts.
As part of the acquisition agreement with Searchlight, Mitel confirmed that it will be releasing a set of financial statements detailing its performance during the first four months of 2018 on May 3.
The original Mitel was co-founded in Ottawa by Matthews and Michael Cowpland in 1973 and was publicly traded on the Toronto exchange before being taken private. Matthews left the firm in the mid-1980s to launch Newbridge Networks. After selling Newbridge in 2000, Matthews re-acquired control of Mitel. The company re-listed as a publicly traded firm on the TSX in 2012.
With files from James Bagnall
In addition to a 1999 Harley-Davidson Road King, other donations are being collected for the Sunflower Diversified Services Charity Gala live and silent auctions.
“We have collected a number of bigger items for the live auction, along with smaller ones for the silent auction,” said Connie Oetken, Sunflower director of development. “But we still have a ways to go.
“Businesses and individuals still have time to donate items to either or both auctions,” she added. “And we are still taking reservations for this great annual event.”
The Gala is set for Saturday, March 3 at the Great Bend Events Center, 3111 10th Street, Great Bend. Social hour begins at 5:30 p.m. and silent auction items will be available during the evening. Dinner will be served at 7 p.m.; the live auction will follow.
Sunflower, a non-profit agency, serves infants, toddlers and adults with intellectual delays and disabilities in Barton, Pawnee, Rice, Rush and Stafford counties. All Gala proceeds stay in these communities.
So far, live auction items include: a money wreath; catered dinner for eight; disc cooker; beef or pork bundle; shrimp boil for 10; Budwesier stein collection; Coach bags and matching wallets; three-night stay at the Lodges of Table Rock in Missouri; one-night stay at the Wolf Hotel in Ellinwood; one-night stay at Great Wolf Lodge in Kansas City; University of Kansas-themed corn-hole game; and a birdbath.
During the silent auction, participants can bid on items in a number of categories, including: tools; brooms; Traeger pellets and seasonings; Pampered Chef products; jewelry; fishing pole; gift certificates; pictures; and gift baskets.
“We cannot thank each donor enough for this generosity,” Oetken said. “This is our biggest fundraiser of the year and the people we serve appreciate this collaboration between Sunflower and the central Kansas community.”
The theme for this 13th annual event is “Puttin' on the Ritz.” Those who attend can count on the popular basketball arcade and Putt ‘N' Play, along with Sunflower's version of Deal or No Deal. And one participant in the Diamond & Champagne event will take home a one-third-karat diamond.
There will be hors d'oeuvres, wine at each table, an open bar and the meal catered by Classic Inn. Mike Niedens is the auctioneer and Scott Donovan of Eagle Radio will be the emcee; Emma Bieker will entertain at the keyboard.
Cost is $100 per person.
“Our local communities have always been generous during our Gala,” Oetken said. “They understand they are helping our clients fill some financial gaps for medical and dental care, adaptive equipment, communication devices and other items.”
For more information about attendance and sponsorships, and how to donate time or auction items, contact Sunflower by calling 620-792-1325.
FILE - In this June 1, 2006, file photo, drummer Kirk Johnson speaks at a news conference during the first rehearsal by members of the new band The Truth in Minneapolis. Johnson, a longtime drummer for Prince and estate manager at Paisley Park who was among those who discovered the musician's body April 21, 2016, is one of the key figures investigators want to interview in relation to his death. (Jeff Wheeler/Star Tribune via AP, File)/Star Tribune via AP)
MINNEAPOLIS >> Court documents unsealed Monday in the investigation into Prince's death suggest a doctor and a close friend helped him improperly obtain prescription opioid painkillers, but they shed no new light on how the superstar got the fentanyl that killed him.
The affidavits and search warrants were unsealed in Carver County District Court as the yearlong investigation into Prince's death continues. The documents show authorities searched Paisley Park, cellphone records of Prince's associates, and Prince's email accounts to try to determine how he got the fentanyl, a synthetic opioid drug 50 times more powerful than heroin.
The documents don't reveal answers to that question, but do provide the most details yet seen on Prince's struggle with addiction to prescription opioids in the days before he died.
Prince was 57 when he was found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at his Paisley Park estate on April 21. Just six days earlier, he fell ill on a plane and had to be revived with two doses of a drug that reverses the effects of an opioid overdose.
Associates at Paisley Park also told investigators that Prince was recently “going through withdrawals, which are believed to be the result of the abuse of prescription medication.”
The documents unsealed Monday allege Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg, a family physician who saw the musician twice last April, told authorities he prescribed the opioid painkiller oxycodone to Prince but put it under the name of Prince's bodyguard and close friend, Kirk Johnson, “for Prince's privacy,” one affidavit said.
Schulenberg's attorney, Amy Conners, disputed that. She said in a statement that Schulenberg “never directly prescribed opioids to Prince, nor did he ever prescribe opioids to any other person with the intent that they would be given to Prince.”
F. Clayton Tyler, Johnson's attorney, released a statement saying that after reviewing the documents, “we believe that it is clear that Kirk Johnson did not secure nor supply the drugs which caused Prince's death.”
Schulenberg is practicing family medicine in Minnesota and Conners said there are no restrictions on his license.
It is illegal for a doctor to write a prescription for someone under another person's name.
Joe Tamburino, a Minnesota defense attorney who is not associated with the Prince case, said while Schulenberg and Johnson could face charges if the allegations are true, it's unlikely state or federal prosecutors would pursue them. He called them low-level offenses that wouldn't draw prison time.
Advertisement
He said for prosecutors, the source of the fentanyl is the big target.
“The oxycodone in this case is only tangential to the whole case,” Tamburino said. “If this was a fentanyl script, oh boy, it would be a totally different situation. ... The real meat and potatoes is going to be that fentanyl thing.”
The documents said Prince did not have any prescriptions, including for fentanyl.
James L. Jones, a spokesman for the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration's field office in Chicago, said anyone convicted of writing a prescription for someone under another person's name could lose their DEA registration — meaning they could no longer prescribe medications — and could face discipline from their state medical board.
In practice, laws against prescribing drugs for someone under a false name are not usually enforced when a doctor intends to protect a celebrity's privacy, said Los Angeles attorney Ellyn Garofalo. She represented a doctor who was acquitted of all charges, including false name allegations, in the death of Anna Nicole Smith, the Playboy model and reality TV star who died of an accidental overdose in 2007.
“They would be indicting every pharmacist in Beverly Hills if this were strictly enforced,” Garofalo said Monday.
Oxycodone, the generic name for the active ingredient in OxyContin, was not listed as a cause of Prince's death. But it is part of a family of painkillers driving the nation's overdose and addiction epidemic, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Nearly 2 million Americans abused or were addicted to prescription opioids, including oxycodone, in 2014.
Patients who take prescription opioids eventually build up a tolerance and need to take stronger doses to get the same effect. In some patients, the cycle leads to dependence and addiction.
A search of Prince's home yielded numerous pills in various containers. Some were in prescription bottles for Johnson. Some pills in other bottles were marked “Watson 853,” a label used for a drug that is a mix of acetaminophen and hydrocodone, another opioid painkiller. Last August, an official with knowledge of the investigation told The Associated Press that at least one of those pills tested positive for fentanyl, meaning the pill was counterfeit and obtained illegally. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because of the ongoing investigation.
In addition to the dozens of pills recovered, authorities also found a pamphlet for an addiction recovery center in California, the documents unsealed Monday show. The day before Prince died, Paisley Park staffers contacted the California addiction specialist as they were trying to get Prince help.
Dr. Howard Kornfeld sent his son, Andrew, to Minnesota that night, and the younger Kornfeld was among those who found Prince's body. Andrew Kornfeld was carrying buprenorphine, a medication that can be used to help treat opioid addiction. The Kornfelds' attorney, William Mauzy, has said Andrew had intended to give the medication to a doctor.
Prince did not have a cellphone and authorities searched multiple email accounts that they believed he was using, as they tried to determine how he got the drug that killed him, according to the search warrants. The search warrants don't reveal the outcome of the email searches.
The documents also say some of the drugs in Prince's bedroom were in a suitcase with the name “Peter Bravestrong” on it. Police believe Bravestrong was an alias that Prince used when he traveled.
Investigators have said little publicly about the case over the last year, other than it is active.
AP Medical Writer Carla K. Johnson contributed to this story from Chicago. Doug Glass contributed from Minneapolis.
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
April 24 (UPI) -- Asthma, hay fever and eczema are linked to an increased risk of developing psychiatric disorders, according to a new study in Taiwan.
The researchers relied on a database of health insurance claims of 46,647 people with allergic diseases and 139,941 people without the ailments from 2000 to 2015. The research was published this week in the journal Frontiers in Psychiatry.
"We would like to let clinicians who care for patients with allergic diseases know that their risk for psychiatric diseases may be higher," lead author Dr. Nian-Sheng Tzeng, from Tri-Service General Hospital in Taiwan, said in a Frontiers press release. "Assessing their emotional condition and monitoring their mental health could help to avoid later psychiatric problems."
Psychiatric disorders include depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder and schizophrenia.
The most common allergic diseases are nicknamed the three "A"s: asthma, allergic rhinitis or hay fever and atopic dermatitis, also known as eczema.
"As a clinician, I observed that some patients with the three 'A's appeared to suffer emotionally," Tzeng said. "Therefore, I wanted to clarify whether these allergic diseases are associated with psychiatric disorders."
Previous research found links between allergic diseases and specific psychiatric disorders or emotional problems. And one study in Taiwan suggested allergic rhinitis is less common among patients with schizophrenia.
But no one had studied the link between the three "A"s and the overall risk of developing psychiatric disorders, the researchers said.
Over the 15-year period, 10.8 percent of people with allergic diseases developed a psychiatric disorder, compared with 6.7 percent of those with no allergic disease.
In further data analysis, researchers found people with atopic dermatitis had a lower risk of developing a psychiatric disorder than those with asthma and allergic rhinitis had a higher risk.
They also found certain asthma medication use was associated with a lower risk of psychiatric disorders in asthma patients. Oral prednisolone usage was associated with a lower risk of developing psychiatric disorders in bronchial asthma patients. Also studied were inhaled steroids, beta-agonist, aminophylline, leukotriene receptor antagonists and anti-IgE antibody medicine.
To explain the link, they said research suggests that inflammation is linked to psychiatric disorders, including depression and anxiety disorders. And because allergies also involve inflammation, it is possible that it may contribute to psychiatric disorders in the same patients.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2 INJURY REPORT
PHILADELPHIA EAGLES vs. NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS
PHILADELPHIA EAGLES (Philadelphia did not conduct a practice on Wednesday, Jan. 24. The Wednesday practice report is an estimation.)
Status Report
--No Players Listed
Practice Report
DID NOT PARTICIPATE IN PRACTICE
--Thursday, Jan. 25: RB Kenjon Barner (illness)
--Friday, Jan. 26: DT Timmy Jernigan (illness)
--Wednesday, Jan. 31: DT Timmy Jernigan (illness)
--Thursday, Feb. 1: DT Timmy Jernigan (illness)
LIMITED PARTICIPATION IN PRACTICE
--Wednesday, Jan. 24: LB Dannell Ellerbe (hamstring)
--Thursday, Jan. 25: RB Jay Ajayi (ankle)
--Friday, Jan. 26: RB Jay Ajayi (ankle)
FULL PARTICIPATION IN PRACTICE
--Wednesday, Jan. 24: RB Jay Ajayi (ankle)
--Thursday, Jan. 25: LB Dannell Ellerbe (hamstring)
--Friday, Jan. 26: RB Kenjon Barner (illness), LB Dannell Ellerbe (hamstring)
--Wednesday, Jan. 31: RB Jay Ajayi (ankle), DT Fletcher Cox (calf)
--Thursday, Feb. 1: RB Jay Ajayi (ankle), DT Fletcher Cox (calf), CB Ronald Darby (illness), LB Dannell Ellerbe (hamstring)
NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS (New England did not conduct a practice on Wednesday and Thursday, Jan. 24 and Jan. 25. The Wednesday and Thursday practice reports are an estimation.)
Status Report
--No Players Listed
Status Report (based on a game being played last Sunday)
--Out: TE Rob Gronkowski (concussion), DE Deatrich Wise Jr. (concussion)
--Questionable: DT Malcom Brown (foot), RB Mike Gillislee (knee), T LaAdrian Waddle (knee)
Practice Report
--Friday: No injuries to report
DID NOT PARTICIPATE IN PRACTICE
--Wednesday, Jan. 24: TE Rob Gronkowski (concussion), DE Deatrich Wise Jr. (concussion)
--Thursday, Jan. 25: DT Malcom Brown (foot), TE Rob Gronkowski (concussion), DE Deatrich Wise Jr. (concussion)
--Friday, Jan. 26: DT Malcom Brown (foot), TE Rob Gronkowski (concussion), DE Deatrich Wise Jr. (concussion)
LIMITED PARTICIPATION IN PRACTICE
--Wednesday, Jan. 24: DT Malcom Brown (foot), RB Mike Gillislee (knee), T LaAdrian Waddle (knee)
--Thursday, Jan. 25: QB Tom Brady (right hand), RB Mike Gillislee (knee), S Devin McCourty (shoulder), T LaAdrian Waddle (knee)
--Friday, Jan. 26: RB Mike Gillislee (knee), T LaAdrian Waddle (knee)
--Wednesday, Jan. 31: CB Malcolm Buler (illness), TE Rob Gronkowski (concussion), S Brandon King (knee), DE Deatrich Wise Jr. (concussion)
FULL PARTICIPATION IN PRACTICE
--Friday, Jan. 26: QB Tom Brady (right hand), S Devin McCourty (shoulder)
--Thursday, Feb. 1: CB Malcolm Buler (illness), TE Rob Gronkowski (concussion), S Brandon King (knee), DE Deatrich Wise Jr. (concussion)
Cameron may have made it out of Monday's Stitchers season finale relatively unscathed, but if the Freeform drama returns for a fourth season, he's in for a world of pain.
TVLine spoke with star Kyle Harris about the episode's biggest twists, but first, a quick recap: Ivy apologized for betraying Linus, to which he responded with a dinner invite; Camille and Amanda decided to move in together; with Stinger's help, Kirsten was able to connect with her mother long enough to wake her up; and it was discovered, via a whole bunch of science-y talk, that Kirsten's brain has been choosing the stitch assignments.
Then came the episode-ending doozy: The team was informed that Kirsten's latest stitch interfered with her long-term memory, and she no longer remembers any of them — including Cameron. But after a heartbreaking conversation between the (former?) couple, a shadowy figure entered the room, eliciting this sassy remark, “I will never forgive you for what you're making me do to him.”
Below, Harris discusses the season finale — including the twist that wasn't in the episode's original script:
TVLINE | Let's jump right to the ending. What was your reaction when you read in the script that Kirsten has amnesia — or at least we thought she did?
Originally, that ending was not in the script. The episode was supposed to end with Cameron leaving and Kirsten just sitting there, not remembering anything. As we were shooting, I think we had three days left, our showrunner Jeff [Schechter] had this idea: What if someone came into the frame, but we don't know who it is, and suddenly it goes from Kirsten not having her memory to doing a total 180 and dropping that line? That was the one-two punch I think we were missing. We've seen the amnesia thing. When [Jeff] came up with that idea, it blew all of our minds. Who is she talking to? What does this mean? Who is she doing this for? It's so much more intriguing.
TVLINE | I imagine you all must have theories…
We've all sat down with Jeff and asked him who Kirsten's talking to. Is it Maggie? There are so many different ways you could go with this. It has to be someone who means enough to her to do this for them. But she's also doing this to protect Cameron. Why does she need to protect him?
TVLINE | This was a rough finale for Cameron, emotionally, but I feel like he managed to avoid too much physical damage — certainly compared to previous episodes this season.
[Laughs] I was scared! I thought I was going to get shot in that crossfire. That [shootout scene] definitely took at least half the day to shoot because there are so many little parts. As we were shooting it, me and Damon [Dayoub] were getting so into it, and Emma was just sitting there laughing at us. She was like, “You want to be in an action movie so badly, don't you?”
TVLINE | That was just one huge moment in this finale, another being Kirsten sort of waking up her mother. Did you get to see that scene play out?
I had wrapped for the day, it was my last day of shooting. But when they shot that scene in the white room — a sort of “stitch heaven” — I was off-camera reading lines for Kirsten, talking her through the speech I gave her in the lab. And that's when I realized, like, we've been on quite a journey with this mythology. It almost feels like you're watching a series finale, like an emotional wrap-up of everything. But really, we're just closing the door to Chapter 1 and setting the stage for Chapter 2.
TVLINE | In the interest of seeing that second chapter, have you heard anything about a fourth season renewal?
We have yet to hear anything [from the network], but we've definitely been hearing it from the fans. They've been campaigning for a fourth season ever since we were picked up for a third.
TVLINE | Going back a bit, I also loved the fistfight between Cameron and Stinger. Was that also carefully choreographed?
Yeah, you know, just your casual father-in-law fight in the middle of a government facility. I actually kept getting in trouble because I would add my own sound effects when he punched. They were like, “We don't need that, Kyle, but thanks for trying to save us money.” I got a little too into the action side of it all.
TVLINE | Assuming the show does get a fourth season, what would you like it to explore?
It would be cool to see how the program has protected Kirsten now that she's essentially a weapon. If she fell into the wrong hands, [there would be consequences].. I'd also love to see the program go public, watch Maggie give a press conference at the White House. We could play celebrity for a moment, since the team is like a group of superheroes in a way. But that could easily take a turn — I could see people getting angry that we have access to all these private memories.
Time to weigh in: Who do you think Kirsten was talking to in that final scene? And what are your hopes for a (potential) fourth season? Grade the episode below, then drop a comment with your thoughts.
–
UNITED NATIONS (Sputnik) — Haq explained the reduction of humanitarian activities came as a consequence of a suicide-bomber attack and the use of drones by Daesh, which have injured individuals on the ground.
"A number of security incidents in newly accessible areas of eastern Mosul city have led to a temporary reduction of humanitarian activities," Haq stated.
The area of eastern Mosul has experienced significant shortages of drinking water, prompting UN humanitarian aid partners to provide an average of 2,300 cubic meters of water daily to residents in 30 neighborhoods.
The authorities are making efforts to make the water network in eastern Mosul's fully operational, according to the spokesperson.
Mosul, Iraq's second largest city, was captured by Daesh in June 2014. Iraqi and US-led coalition forces liberated the eastern part of the city in late January 2017. However, the city's western part remains under control of the terrorist group.
Daesh is a designated terrorist organization outlawed in Russia and other countries around the world.
Canada's Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan's first visit to India as a member of cabinet is being overshadowed by controversy after a high-ranking Indian state official refused to meet him and accused Sajjan of being a sympathiser of a Sikh separatist movement.
Sajjan, who immigrated to Canada from India with his family when he was five years old, arrived in India today on a seven-day official visit to discuss defence and security cooperation, trade culture and innovation.
His itinerary involves meetings with Indian officials, including Defence Minister Arun Jaitley and External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj.
Busy itinerary
Sajjan, Canada's first defence minister of Sikh origin, will also travel to Amritsar home to the Golden Temple, the spiritual and cultural centre for the Sikh religion, as well as visit Punjab state capital of Chandigarh and India's largest metropolis, Mumbai.
In his native Punjab, Sajjan is expected to visit the Golden Temple and meet with representatives of civil society organisations. In Chandigarh, he will inaugurate the new office of Canada's Consulate General in Punjab.
Two former Sikh soldiers, but no common ground
India's ruling Congress party leader Rahul Gandhi, right, speaks with then former chief minister of Punjab state Captain Amarinder Singh during an election rally at in Chabal some 30 kilometers (19 miles) from Amritsar, India, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2012. © Altaf Qadri
However, Sajjan will not be meeting with Punjab chief minister Capt. Amarinder Singh, who like Sajjan is a Sikh and a former military man.
Amarinder Singh has accused Sajjan, a highly decorated Afghan war veteran and former Vancouver police officer, of being a “Khalistani sympathiser” and refused to meet him, according to reports in the Indian media. The Khalistan movement was a Sikh nationalist movement active in the 1970s through to 1990s that sought to create a Sikh homeland, Khalistan, in the Punjab region of India and Pakistan.
Sajjan's spokesperson Renée Filiatrault confirmed that there are no meetings planned with Punjab state officials.
“Minister Sajjan is a proud Canadian, with a lifetime of service to Canada, as a member of the Canadian Armed Forces, a member of the Vancouver Police Department, and now as the MP for Vancouver South and as Canada's Minister of National Defence,” Filiatrault said in an emailed statement.
Sajjan's trip to India is focused on strengthening the long bilateral relationship between Canada and India, Filiatrault said.
Retaliation for Ontario's recognition of Sikh genocide?
However, the Indian Express newspaper reports that the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has accused the chief minister of being part of a “political conspiracy” hatched by the Congress Party in retaliation for the April 6 motion by the Ontario provincial legislature to officially recognize the Sikh genocide carried out by the Congress-led Indian government in 1984.
Thousands of Sikhs were killed in the anti-Sikh riots that followed the assassination of then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi by her two Sikh bodyguards. The Indian government refuses to recognize the anti-Sikh massacres as genocide and estimates that 2,800 people died in the riots.
The news of the private member motion supported by all three political parties in the Legislative Assembly caused consternation in New Delhi.
“We reject this misguided motion which is based on a limited understanding of India, its constitution, society, ethos, rule of law and the judicial process,” external affairs ministry spokesperson Gopal Baglay was quoted by Hindustan Times.
It's unclear whether the issue of the Ontario motion will be raised by either Defence Minister Arun Jaitley or External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj during their planned meetings with Sajjan.
However, in a carefully worded statement that did not use the word “genocide,” Sajjan's spokesperson called the events of 1984 “clearly horrific and deeply regrettable.”
“Canada has expressed regret over the violence and loss of life that resulted from the 1984 Anti-Sikh Massacre in India,” said a statement by Filiatrault. “The importance of seeking justice for the victims should not be diminished.”
Settling personal scores with Canada?
In an interview with the Indian Express newspaper Punjab AAP Chief Whip Sukhpal Singh Khaira accused the chief minister of “settling personal scores with Canada for not granting him permission to visit its soil for politicking and collecting funds.”
According to a report in Hindustan Times, last April Canadian authorities denied a visa to Amarinder Singh, who was planning to visit Canada for meetings with influential Punjabi-Canadians in the run-up to the Punjab assembly elections.
“Harjit Sajjan is a Khalistani sympathiser,” the Times of India quoted the chief minister. “There are, in fact, five ministers in the Justin Trudeau government, I will not have any truck with them. These Khalistani sympathisers had prevailed upon the government to prevent my entry into Canada, where I wanted to go to meet my Punjabi brethren and not to campaign for elections.”
Officials at Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada and Global Affairs Canada could not be reached for comment on Monday.
The AAP leader urged Amarinder Singh to reconsider his “unjustified statement borne out of petty considerations” and welcome Sajjan to Punjab as a state guest, the Indian Express reported.
As a former member of the Canadian Armed Forces, Sajjan fought abroad to ensure and protect human rights around the world, said Filiatrault.
“The Indo-Canadian and Sikh community in Canada has made – and continues to make – major cultural, social, economic and political contributions to the pluralistic and multicultural mosaic that is Canada, and Minister Sajjan is proud to call himself both Indo-Canadian and Sikh,” she said‎.
Local women create “Magnolia Manatee's Long Journey Home''
Children's book, available at Foley Art Center, benefits Magnolia Sighting Network
Two years ago Simone Lipscomb, a local writer and photographer, volunteered to help organize a rescue for three stranded manatees in the Magnolia River. From that experience she wrote a children's book based on the event. Beautifully illustrated by Linda-Bell Schorer of Gulf Shores, Magnolia Manatee's Long Journey Home is a story of fictional Sophia and her grandmother who help the rescue team and the community of Magnolia Springs. The story teaches compassion, working together in community, dealing with grief and includes practical ways children and their families can help make a difference in the world.
Linda-Bell Schorer, a Gulf Shores resident, beautifully illustrated the book with whimsical and heart-warming drawings. Her artwork brings the story to life in a very fun and engaging way. A portion of the sale from each book goes directly to the Manatee Sighting Network to support their work.
Simone is a native of Baldwin County and grew up on Week's Bay. While she spent nearly two decades in North Carolina, she is back home enjoying life along the Gulf Coast.
Her other books include: Sharks On My Fin Tips: A Wild Woman's Adventures with Nature—a collection of nature essays; Place of Spirit—a hardcover book of photography and inspirational writing; The Gulf Oil Spill Story—a children's illustrated book about the oil spill; Manatee Mindfulness—a book of photographs of wildlife associated with the Ocean with wisdom quotes written by Simone; and Cosmic Whales—a book of photography of humpback whales, manatees, sea lions, and sea turtles with true stories of encounters she's had with these animals.
She graduated from Auburn University with a BS degree in Outdoor Recreation and Resource Management and from Auburn at Montgomery with a Master's degree in Counselor Education. She has worked as a state park naturalist, psychotherapist, community college educator and massage therapist. Currently Simone focuses her energy on writing, nature and underwater photography, and working with those wishing to deepen their connection and relationship with nature.
Linda-Bell Schorer is originally from Canada. She is a free-lance artist who makes her home in Gulf Shores. She is passionate about design, illustration and pottery. She draws her inspiration from nature.
The book is available online and at The Foley Art Center, located at 211 N McKenzie St. in the historic Claude Peteet Real Estate building just north of the new Foley Pedestrian Bridge. Visit Simone's web page at SimoneLipscomb.com for more info about the book or the artist.
HONG KONG, March 29 (IFR) - Asian credit markets continued on a constructive path on Wednesday, though there was volatility in Fosun International's notes following surprising news of a management reshuffle at the Chinese conglomerate.
"Market sentiment remained positive today with spreads slightly tighter. However, we also saw a bit of profit taking," said a Hong Kong-based investment-grade credit trader.
The iTraxx Asia investment-grade index, which has rolled into Series 27, was 1.7bp tighter at 93.8/95.3bp. China Cinda's 3.0% 2020 notes were 3bp tighter at 129.3bp over US Treasuries.
In the high-yield sector, another credit trader observed that there was some initial selling in Fosun International's recent 2022s in the morning, but that the notes later recovered to cash price of around 101.5.
Fosun International announced last night the resignation of two top managers after reporting 2016 net profit growth of 28% year on year.
Liang Xinjun resigned as vice chairman and chief executive of the company for health reasons, while senior vice-president Ding Guoqi also stepped down.
Property developer China Evergrande's 2018s were bid at a cash price of around 104, according to Tradeweb. The developer reported that its 2016 core profit jumped 89% year on year to Rmb20.81bn, thanks to strong increases in property prices and volumes.
(Reporting by Ina Zhou; editing by Dharsan Singh)
A Spanish migrant rescue charity said Monday its ship has been impounded by Italian authorities on suspicion of aiding illegal immigration.
A ship belonging to the non-governmental organization (NGO) Proactiva Open Arms took 216 migrants intercepted in the Mediterranean to the Sicilian port of Pozzallo on Saturday.
Catania Prosecutor Carmelo Zuccaro on Sunday ordered the ship's seizure and opened an investigation into the captain and two NGO officials, Italian media reported.
"They are accusing us of criminal association and abetting illegal migration for refusing to hand over women and children to Libyans," the NGO's founder and director, Oscar Camps, wrote on Twitter.
On Thursday, the Proactiva Open Arms ship saved two boats and refused to hand over the migrants to the Libyan coastguard after they set out to intercept the boats.
Read more: Amnesty International claims EU 'complicit' in Libya migrant abuses
The NGO said it was in international waters and the ship was threatened by the Libyan coastguard. During the standoff, a Maltese boat evacuated a critically ill 3-month-old baby and its mother.
However, European Commission spokeswoman Natasha Bertaud said on Monday that "the Libyan coastguard was operating within its territorial waters" when it intercepted the migrant rescue charity ship.
Watch video 07:25 Share Refugees in Italy as Europe's new slaves Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2onb3 Refugees in Italy as Europe's new slaves
Controversial policy
Camps said the NGO ship was eventually allowed to take the migrants to Italy after waiting 48 hours for permission from Italian authorities. He criticized all sides for "preventing the rescue of lives at risk in the open sea in order to forcibly return them to an unsafe country – such as Libya" in violation of international law.
With EU backing, Italy has provided equipment and training to the Libyan coastguard to intercept migrants before they are picked up by NGO ships and brought to Italy. The policy, as well as the holding of migrants in Libya to await repatriation to their home countries and processing of asylum applications for Europe, has been sharply criticized by human rights groups amid reports of abuse in Libyan detention facilities.
Read more: Frontex launches new EU border control mission Operation Themis
More than 600,000 migrants have landed in Italy from North Africa since 2013, prompting a political backlash and increase in support for right-wing groups in Italy.
Watch video 07:39 Share Sold as a slave Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2sFA6 Sold as a slave
Matteo Salvini, whose far-right League party and its allies made big gains in March 4 elections, congratulated Zuccaro on Twitter: "Finally an Italian prosecutor is blocking the trafficking of human beings!"
Read more: Matteo Salvini: Italy's far-right success story
Zuccaro last year said he suspected migrant saving NGOs of working with Libyan people smugglers. A parliamentary investigation found no such cooperation, but the Italian government developed a code of conduct for migrant saving charities.
Signed by Proactiva Open Arms, the code commits NGOs "not enter Libyan territorial waters, except in situations of grave and imminent danger ... and not obstruct search and rescue by the Libyan coastguard."
It is not the first time Italian authorities have impounded a migrant charity ship. In August, a German ship belonging to the NGO "Jugend Rettet" was impounded on accusation it aided illegal immigration. A hearing for the charity to get the ship back is scheduled for April 23.
cw/kl (AP, AFP, dpa, Reuters)
Every evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
Galway Bay fm newsroom – The emergency department at Portiuncula Hospital remains under severe pressure today as the facility struggles to deal with high numbers of patients awaiting admission.
For the second time in recent days the HSE has issued a statement in relation to severe capacity issues at the Ballinasloe unit.
The HSE says that due to the increased level of activity over the weekend, patients are experiencing significant delays in being transferred from the Emergency Department to a bed in the hospital.
It says the Full Capacity Protocol has been implemented and all efforts are being made to identify patients who are suitable for discharge.
It's the second time in just four days the HSE has issued a statement in relation to capacity issues and it's apologising for any distress caused to patients and families.
The INMO has previously claimed a lack of nursing staff is partly to blame for the challenges facing the Ballinasloe facility.
The HSE is asking the public to attend the Emergency Department only in the case of real emergencies – and to contact their GP or GP Out-of-Hours service in the first instance.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CRAIG COUNTY, Okla. - After 18 years, authorities say they now know who is responsible for killing an Oklahoma couple and kidnapping two teen girls.
More than a dozen people with information about the grisly crimes kept silent for almost two decades, some out of fear for their own lives, according to a court affidavit obtained by KFOR.
Lauria Bible and her friend Ashley Freeman, both 16, disappeared on December 30, 1999 from Welch, Okla.
Lauria was at Ashley's home for a sleepover.
That night, the Freeman's mobile home went up in flames, and the charred remains of Ashley's parents, Danny and Kathy Freeman, were found inside.
Danny and Kathy both suffered gunshot wounds to the head, an autopsy showed.
But Lauria and Ashley were nowhere to be found.
The Craig County sheriff called Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation special agents to help .
For years, agents and many other investigators followed numerous leads, interviewing a multitude of possible witnesses and suspects while searching wells and other possible burial sites.
In December 2017, officials said they discovered new leads that could be a turning point in the case.
In December 2017, Craig County Sheriff Heath Winfrey provided investigators with previously unknown notes and documents he discovered referencing the Freeman/Bible case. The previous sheriff's administration had apparently stashed the cache of information.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Those notes and documents have proven extremely valuable.
The probable because affidavit states the documents contained "some information pertaining to Warren Phillip "Phil" Welch II, David Pennington, and Ronnie Busick, as being involved in the murders and missing girls. The crate also contained names of individuals that may possess information."
An OSBI agent and District 12 District Attorney's Office investigator interviewed several people who the say had knowledge about the murders and the missing girls.
Through those interviews, investigators determined Welch, Pennington and Busick murdered Danny and Kathy Freeman, set their home on fire, and kidnapped Ashley and Lauria, and eventually killed them as well.
More than 12 people kept their mouths shut about the murders
Court documents reveal more than a dozen people said they knew or had even seen evidence of the crimes.
More than a dozen interviews are cited in the probable cause affidavit. Many of the interviewees had apparently dated and lived with the accused men.
All of the witnesses said either Phil Welch, David Pennington, or Ronnie Busick bragged about the murders, and threatened to kill anyone who went to police.
Welch and Pennington were allegedly known to cook methamphetamine together, and several of those interviewed reported the three killed the Freemans over money owed for drugs.
A woman identified as TW lived with Phil Welch in the months following the murders.
She said she heard conversations between the three men in which they implied that the suspects killed the couple over a drug debt, with Pennington and Busick setting fire to the home. TW told investigators that, based on the conversation, she believed they had abducted and later killed the two girls.
She also told police she discovered Welch had briefcase full of Polaroids of the girls bound and gagged with duct tape, lying on a bed she recognized to be his, and "in some of the Polaroids she observed Welch lying next to the girls."
TW said she confronted Welch about it and he told her, "don't you ever tell anybody or you will end up in a pit in Picher (OK) like those two girls."
A friend of TW, identified as CM in court documents, said TW showed her a Polaroid of the two girls on a bed, bound and gagged, facing each other, and said they looked "emaciated."
She said Welch threatened to kill her and her children several times, and throw them in the same pit as the two girls.
A woman who lived with Pennington, identified as LE, told investigators he talked about the missing girls all the time she was with him.
The affidavit states LE said he called it a "bad drug deal," and that he "told her that if she ever left him that he would kill her too."
RE, the son of LE, told investigators while he and his mother were living with Pennington, Welch and Pennington showed him the Polaroids of the girls and "told him that they killed the girls by strangling them."
Witnesses reportedly overheard Welch and Pennington talking about the girls and said "if they hadn't taken off running ... they would still be alive."
A man identified as RH said Busick admitted his involvement in the murders and the missing girls.
According to the affidavit, RH stated that "Busick told him about how the girls were tied up in a trailer house in Picher where they were raped and tortured."
He said Busick told him Welch was the shooter the night the Freemans were killed, but that Busick and Pennington stayed behind and started the fire.
RH said Welch threatened to kill him as well.
A man identified as JR was interviewed while he was incarcerated, and told investigators he walked into a trailer while Pennington, Welch, and Busick and one other unnamed man were looking at the Polaroids of the girls.
Others interviewees include friends of one or all of the suspects, friends of their lovers and even Pennington's brother.
No one investigators spoke to could say where the Polaroids are today.
Some witnesses reported they were told by the three men the girls were thrown in a pit, others said that they were dropped down a mine shaft in Picher, "later covered in concrete."
Witnesses told investigators that Welch had nailed the teens' missing poster to a wall of his mobile home.
Private Investigators Allegedly Told To Stop Investigating the Case
Throughout the interviews, the OSBI and DA investigators learned a private investigative team had also begun an investigation immediately following the incident.
Joe Dugan, a private investigator living in Miami, OK, and his partner Tom Pryor had interviewed several people and discovered one of Welch's ex-girlfriends' car insurance verification form near the Freeman's burned down house.
The vehicle the insurance card was registered to was thought to be the car the men were driving when they kidnapped the girls.
When the OSBI/DA team went looking for the Dugan and Pryor, they discovered Dugan had died in 2009.
Pryor told them Dugan's family tried to give the files on the Freeman case to the Craig County Sheriff's Office, but that the sheriff's office refused to take them at the time.
Eventually the family destroyed the records.
Pryor also said he was told by law enforcement to stop investigating the case.
The Arrest of Busick
On Sunday, authorities arrested Ronnie Dean Busick, 66, for the crimes.
He's charged with four counts of first-degree murder, two counts of kidnapping, and one count of arson.
Welch and Pennington both died during the investigation.
In 2017, investigators interviewed Ronnie Busick three times before he was arrested.
At first, the affidavit states that when Busick was asked about Welch, "his response was that the name 'sounds familiar,'" that he "remembers the name."
As the interviews continued, he admitted that the three of them "were pretty tight back in those days."
When asked about the murders, he went from saying he remembered hearing about them on the news, to conceding that Welch was probably responsible and that Pennington may have been as well.
The investigators criticized him for never directly denying he was involved when they accused him of being there the night the Freemans were killed.
After that, the affidavit shows he vacillated between denying his involvement and claiming he couldn't remember.
The final interview with Busick was conducted November 2, 2017.
It lasted several hours, during which time he was primarily interrogated by OSBI Agent Michael Dean.
The affidavit states Dean asked him what was keeping him from being truthful, if it was fear of what his (Busick's) sister would think.
The affidavit states "Busick responded by stating, 'Well yeah.' Later Agent Dean stated, 'You're scared of what your sister would think about you if you told truth. That's what it is, right?' Busick responded, 'yeah.'"
The affidavit states that "Agent Dean told Busick that he believes this has been 'eating' at him for the past 17 years and that he would be in relief once he told the truth. Busick would listen and nod, but never disclosed his involvement."
Where Are The Teens' Bodies?
Investigators say the case is not yet over.
They are still searching for Ashley and Lauria's remains.
Authorities believe there are people who may have information that could lead them to the girls.
Anyone with information is urged to call the OSBI at 1-800-522-8017 or email at tips@osbi.ok.gov. Officials said the private reward of $50,000 still stands for information related to the location of the girls.
OWING MILLS, Md. – Every year when Santa comes to town children and their parents line-up to meet the jolly big man – but one Maryland toddler wasn't having it.
Kerry Spencer taught her son the sign for “help” in sign language – and during his photo with Santa he made the sign.
“We taught our baby sign language. This is the sign for ‘help.' You're welcome,” Spencer wrote.
We taught our baby sign language. This is the sign for "help." You're welcome. pic.twitter.com/i6NkxBf4KP — Kerry Spencer (@Swilua) December 5, 2017
Spencer tweeted out the hilarious photo on Tuesday and it has since gone viral.
She went on to clear up the specific sign language variant he was taught.
“In baby sign you go with what they do. We showed him the ASL version and this is what he did,” she wrote on Twitter.
In baby sign you go with what they do. We showed him the ASL version and this is what he did. — Kerry Spencer (@Swilua) December 6, 2017
And to all the commenters saying he did it wrong, he was one! Give the poor guy a break! 😂 (This is the actual sign:) pic.twitter.com/0pgfRmbdk7 — Kerry Spencer (@Swilua) December 8, 2017
No word on if the little boy was able to let Saint Nick know what he wanted for Christmas before his parents rescued him.
High Barrier Packaging Films for Pharmaceuticals Market: Overview
The demand for flexible packaging especially that made of biodegradable material is highly in demand today. People are preferring the use of sustainable products for packaging. The packaging industry is also witnessing the introduction of new and innovative packaging types for various applications in the food and pharmaceuticals industries. The packaging market consists of high barrier packaging that is used for pharmaceutical applications. High barrier films are flexible films that have certain properties that protect the primary product from deterioration and ultimately increase the shelf life of the product.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6402
A new research report by Future Market Insights titled ‘High Barrier Packaging Films for Pharmaceuticals Market: Global Industry Analysis 2012-2016 and Opportunity Assessment 2017-2027' depicts the current and upcoming scenario of high barrier packaging films for pharmaceuticals. The report indicates the latest trends that are prevailing in the industry and are helping the global high barrier packaging films for pharmaceuticals market to grow exceptionally. Looking at the current demand for high barrier packaging films, manufacturers are coming up with new and advanced products. Modified Atmosphere Packaging (MAP) or Controlled Atmosphere Packaging (CAP) is the emerging advancement in the packaging industry, which helps maintain the environment within the packaging as required by the product. High barrier packaging films are incorporated to manufacture such packaging; these films do not allow the exchange of gases across the packaging and control the temperature within the package.
Global Packaging Industry to Witness Increased Demand for Biodegradable High Barrier Packaging
The packaging industry largely accounts for plastic packaging that is non-biodegradable. People in developed countries are very concerned about the adverse effects of plastic use, which is fuelling the market for biodegradable products. Manufacturers are focussing on producing biodegradable high barrier packaging films that can help them stay stronger than other packaging manufacturers in the business. Manufacturers have also come up with techniques like recycling high barrier packaging films. A new technology being launched is Recycle Ready Technology. This technology renders the recycling of polyethylene barrier films with the objective to increase the post-consumer recycling process and reduce packaging waste incineration. The process is an evolution in the recycling process of flexible films that has saved immense cost of manufacturers in the recycling process of flexible films.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-6402
APEJ to Become the Fastest Growing Region in the Global High Barrier Packaging Films for Pharmaceuticals Market
According to the research report, the North America regional market is expected to hold the highest market size of over US$ 200 Mn by the end of 2027. However, in terms of growth rate, APEJ is expected to dominate the global market with a projected CAGR of 7.2% during the forecast period. Latin America is in close competition with APEJ in terms of growth and is expected to grow at the rate of 7.0% during the forecast period.
Read more Information @ https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/high-barrier-packaging-films-for-pharmaceuticals-market-is-expected-to-reach-a-valuation-of-over-us-6480-mn-by-the-end-of-2027-676249213.html
High Barrier Packaging Films for Pharmaceuticals Market: Competitive Landscape
The report lists all the key players leading in the global high barrier packaging films for pharmaceuticals market. It also presents a brief profile of all these major players. Some of the key players mentioned in report are Amcor Limited, Uflex Ltd., Bemis Company, Inc., Winpak Ltd., The Mondi Group plc, Berry Global Group Plc, Constantia Flexibles, Glenroy, Inc, Toray Plastics (America), Inc., Cleplast Metallized Products Ltd. etc.
WASHINGTON – Had two Capitol Police officers not worked a baseball diamond at 7 a.m. Wednesday, several members of Congress might be dead.
But their quick action and heroics prevented a shooting rampage from becoming what “very well could have been a large-scale massacre,” Rep. Mo Brooks said.
The attack proved how vital — and encompassing — the Capitol Police can be. Here's what we know about the often obscure police force:
Who are the US Capitol Police, and what do they do?
More than 2,100 officers and civilians work for the Capitol Police. They're tasked with protecting the members, employees, visitors and facilities of Congress, according to their website.
The USCP also collaborates with other federal agencies and local law enforcement “to increase the collection and sharing of intelligence information,” according to the Capitol Police strategic plan.
How big is their jurisdiction?
The Capitol Police jurisdiction is in the District of Columbia. But if members of Congress need additional security while in their home districts (or elsewhere), Capitol Police can coordinate with local police departments to provide that security.
Who were the Capitol Police officers in Wednesday's attack?
Special agents Crystal Griner and David Bailey are being hailed as heroes for taking down the gunman who shot House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others at a baseball practice.
Griner and Bailey are both members of Scalise's security detail.
Brooks, who was on the field when gunfire rang out, said he was amazed by the bravery of Capitol Police.
“The Capitol security guy, who had already been shot, who helped take down the shooter, came limping toward us in the outfield, totally ignoring his own wounds, to check on the person he was primarily responsible for, Steve Scalise,” said Brooks, an Alabama Republican.
“We insisted that he (the officer) go back and get attended to because he was bleeding, but he was doing his job. Those two security details, those two Capitol police officers, they showed incredible bravery — pistols against a rifle — from a 90- to 120-feet distance. As you know, that kind of distance heavily favors the rifle.”
Who gets personal security detail?
Definitely not all 535 members of Congress. But a handful of congressional leaders do have an officer nearby.
“Only constitutional office holders are given (security) details,” said Rep. Joseph Crowley of New York, the Democratic Caucus chairman.
In the House, that includes the speaker of the House, the majority and minority leaders, and both the whips.
“I'm not issued a detail,” Crowley said. “No other members of leadership have detail or protection.”
In the Senate, the leaders given personal detail are Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, Majority Whip John Cornyn, Minority Whip Dick Durbin and President Pro Tem Orrin Hatch.
But any member of Congress can get extra security, if needed.
“If a threat is made against a specific member, the threat would be reported to police,” Crowley said. “Then it would go through a risk assessment, and if it was determined that (the member) needed more security, then they would do it.”
What events are Capitol Police required to work?
Capitol Police are required to secure all events on Capitol grounds.
While some members of Congress are granted off-site security detail, the extent to which Capitol Police are present at events outside Capitol grounds is not clear.
Several Congress members declined to provide details on how broad the security detail is, citing security concerns.
What happened to the officers wounded in Wednesday's attack?
Capitol Police Chief Matthew R. Verderosa commended Griner, Bailey and a third officer, Henry Cabrera, “for their heroic and appropriate response in protecting the Members and others.”
“I'm grateful that Special Agent Griner is in good condition in the hospital having been shot in the ankle, and Special Agent Bailey was treated and released having sustained a minor injury during the incident,” Verderosa said in a statement.
Rep. Roger Williams of Texas was at the GOP baseball practice Wednesday when the shooting started. He praised the two officers who fired back at the gunman.
“There could have easily been 25 deaths today,” Williams said. Then his voice began shaking.
“My family and I will be forever grateful.”
This footage was captured during the Davit Walimska Wiosna 2018 race in Poland, when Fiat 126p pilot Marcin Szatanik drove his car off the icy track and into a ditch.
The crew of Szatanik and Karol Galysa were about to dismount before the fans sprang into action, teaming up to hoist the light vehicle out, and it was back on its way in no time.
Seeing that many people all working in concert to save the day for the drivers and keep the event running smoothly might just make your day. Rally fans are the best.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
As communities age and money for big projects dries up, top municipal officials are saying “something has to give.”
A report on the perspective of chief administrative officers (CAOs) — by Strategy Corp. — found that just as Toronto is struggling to find ways to pay for much-needed infrastructure work, smaller communities, too, are finding it increasingly difficult to come with badly-needed cash.
“You thought Toronto was just having these problems,” said John Matheson, report co-author and a principal at Strategy Corp. “Actually, the report indicates it's the municipal sector as a whole ... These problems are fairly common across Ontario which is why it's important people pay attention to them.”
The group interviewed 26 CAOs — the top bureaucrats of towns, counties or cities — to get their views on the future of municipal government. The report focuses on small- to medium-size communities, and was provided exclusively to the Toronto Sun.
The report says CAOs are seeing a gap between what the public expects of local government and what they are prepared to pay for has grown. One participant told the authors “something has to give.”
The report says councillors in those communities are hesitant to raise taxes or create new revenue streams to pay for the work which isn't surprising, he added.
“There's a lot of infrastructure put in the ground between 50 and 75 years ago,” Matheson said, adding that years of deferring infrastructure work are catching up with communities.
The CAOs also expressed concern about the rise of a divisive brand of populism in city halls across Ontario. A number of councillors are mimicking U.S. President Donald Trump's brash style, often publicly attacking bureaucrats and questioning their work.
“(Municipal governments) are not designed to have a somebody on council who is structurally opposing everything,” he said. “It's contributing to only half of them saying they had good relations with their councils.”
The interviews used for the report were conducted confidentially. The findings offer a rare, unvarnished view of major issues taking place in these towns and cities, said Ron Shaw, a senior advisor with Strategy Corp who co-authored the report.
Shaw, a former CAO with over 30 years experience in Stratford and Kincardine, said top municipal bureaucrats don't want to be critical of their communities publicly.
“They're not going to say much different than what their councillors may be saying,” he added. “They want to make sure they represent the views of the municipality. Speaking confidentially, they can speak to us ... and give honest, open feedback.”
Releasing the report at the Association of Municipalities of Ontario's annual meeting in Ottawa this week will help bring the concerns of the CAOs into focus, he said.
Matheson added that the concerns raised in the report will need to be addressed through a variety of means, including the provision of more cash to municipalities.
sjeffords@postmedia.com
PARIS (Sputnik) - French President Emmanuel Macron has called on major international players to prepare a roadmap for reforming the World Trade Organization (WTO), the first part of which can be presented during the G20 summit in Argentina in November.
"I suggest we hold talks, comprising the United States, the European Union, China and Japan, which will take place also during G20 and OECD [Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development], on reforming the World Trade Organization. The time has come to look into this question and find a specific answer. What we are talking about is a complete update of the regulations which structure international competition," Macron said in an opening speech at the OECD session in Paris on Wednesday.
The French president specified that the first roadmap could be prepared before the two-day G20 summit in Buenos Aires, scheduled for November 30.
Reasons for WTO Reforming
The WTO has been criticized for years by politicians and businesspeople for its inability to ensure that its rules and international agreements are implemented. In late April, German Chancellor Angela Merkel suggested that bilateral agreements may well substitute the WTO's role.
READ MORE: EU Should Challenge US Exit From Iran Deal in UN, WTO — Austrian Ex-Chancellor
Macron's proposal comes two days before the United States intends to apply additional taxes on imported steel and aluminum, a move which has sparked harsh criticism from the European Union and other metals suppliers.
READ MORE: Trump Says WTO, TPP Not Serving US Interests, Bilateral Deals More Profitable
In late March, the United States imposed 25-percent and 10-percent tariffs on imported steel and aluminum, respectively. According to US President Donald Trump, the tariffs will be in place for a long time. The European Union and a number of other countries have been granted temporary exemptions from tariffs that will expire on Friday. Several countries, including China, India, and Russia, requested WTO dispute consultations with the United States over their new tariffs.
READ MORE: China Moves to Unite WTO Members Against US Protectionist Policy
The Chicago Sun-Times is praising prohibition era gun controls that are still in place and have failed to stop school shooting after school shooting and mass public attack after mass public attack.
The piece of legislation in view is the National Firearms Act (1934). It was technically put in place a year after prohibition ended, but it was crafted in response to the 1929 Valentine's Day Massacre, which resulted from tensions between Al Capone and Bugs Moran.
The Sun-Times observes:
The original National Firearms Act imposed a tax on the making and transfer of certain firearms, as well as a special (occupational) tax on persons and entities engaged in the business of importing, manufacturing, and dealing in NFA firearms. The law also required the registration of all NFA firearms with the secretary of the Treasury. Firearms subject to the 1934 act included shotguns and rifles having barrels less than 18 inches in length, certain firearms described as “any other weapons,” machineguns, and firearm mufflers and silencers.
The Sun-Times describes NFA as “surprisingly effective and non-controversial.” They note that “in 1986, Congress strengthened the NFA definition of ‘silencer' by adding combinations of parts for silencers and any part intended for use in the assembly or fabrication of a silencer.”
They then use the NFA as a blueprint for other gun controls that are currently being pushed, especially gun controls relating to school shootings. The problem with this suggestion is that it overlooks the fact that the NFA has not prevented mass public attacks from occurring. Moreover, it has not prevented school shootings from taking place either.
In fact, if the prevention of such attacks is the measurement, the NFA has failed in every way, except for where it relates to giving money to the government via the federal tax on NFA-regulated items.
Think about it—How many firearm-based mass public attacks have occurred since NFA was passed in 1934? How many attacks have occurred on schools? Here is a short list of mass public attacks and school attacks during the last 19 years:
Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School attack (February 14, 2018)
Texas church attack (November 5, 2017)
Las Vegas attack (October 1, 2017)
the Alexandria attack (June 14, 2017))
Orlando attack (June 12, 2016)
the UCLA murder-suicide (June 1, 2016))
the San Bernardino attack (December 2, 2015)
the Colorado Springs attack (October 31, 2015)
the Umpqua Community College attack (October 1, 2015)
Alison Parker's attack (August 26, 2015)
the Lafayette movie theater attack (July 23, 2015)
the Chattanooga attack (July 16, 2015)
the alleged Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal attack (Jun 17, 2015)
the Muhammad Carton Contest attack (May 3, 2014)
the Las Vegas cop attack (June 9, 2015)
the Santa Barbara attack (May 23, 2014)
the Fort Hood attack (April 2, 2014)
the Arapahoe High School attack (December 13, 2013)
the D.C. Navy Yard attack (September 16, 2013)
the Aurora movie theater attack (July 20, 2012)
Gabby Giffords' attack (January 8, 2011)
the Fort Hood attack (November 5, 2009)
the Virginia Tech attack (April 16, 2007)
Columbine (April 20, 1999), and many others.
Seven individuals were killed in the 1929 Valentine's Day Massacre. Many times that number have been killed in the numerous attacks which the NFA has been powerless to prevent.
Thirteen were killed at Columbine, 32 were killed Virginia Tech, 12 were killed in the Aurora movie theater, nine were killed at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal, nine were killed at Umpqua Community College, 14 were killed in San Benardino, 49 were killed in Orlando, 26 were killed in the Texas church, and the list goes on.
If NFA proved impotent to stop these attacks–which only represent attacks during the last 19 years–how can it be held up as a gun control to emulate going forward?
AWR Hawkins is an award-winning Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News, the host of the Breitbart podcast Bullets with AWR Hawkins, and the writer/curator of Down Range with AWR Hawkins, a weekly newsletter focused on all things Second Amendment, also for Breitbart News. He is the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com. Sign up to get Down Range at breitbart.com/downrange.
In the post-9/11 era, metal detectors are increasingly common, especially in “high-security” areas such as airports or public buildings.
This made it hard for some to understand the Arab World's outrage after Israel decided to install them at the entrance to Jerusalem's Temple Mount last July. “You go through them when entering synagogues, churches, even the Holy City of Mecca,” commentators reasoned. It seemed like an issue of security.
I was a stone's throw away, studying at the Hebrew University and I quickly learned the dispute wasn't really over metal detectors but the Mount itself (the Haram Al-Sharif or Al-Aqsa to Muslims) – and, by extension, the most contested city on earth.
While the metal detectors were removed and the crisis solved diplomatically, it may well have been a harbinger. This is because U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital and move the U.S. Embassy there has stoked anxiety and may create a new crisis.
Again, a decision that seems simple and logical to some is actually vexing to those acquainted with Jerusalem's history, identity and reality. Seemingly logical precautions are really thinly veiled provocation. Beyond the issues of occupation, international law and a future Palestinian capital, Trump's decision is ignorant for several reasons.
Primarily, it ignores history. Trump said problems can't be solved by “making the same failed assumptions and repeating the same failed strategies.” Yet his decision rests on failed ideas: thinking unilateral moves can bring parties together, and underestimating Jerusalem's importance to everyone.
While everything between Israelis and Palestinians is fraught, Jerusalem is uniquely difficult. Despite many proposed peace plans, it's the issue on which they're the farthest apart.
Some claim that then-Israeli prime minister Ehud Barak's misunderstanding of Jerusalem's importance to the Palestinians, and lack of plan to address it, was a key reason the 2000 Camp David Summit failed.
Second, the decision ignores Jerusalem's nuanced identity. The city is not just holy for all three faiths, it is home to roughly one million people, one-third of them Muslim. While many perceive it to be ethnically divided between East and West, the reality is more subtle. I was struck by just how close Jews, Muslims and others live to one another – illustrated by something as simple as buying a kebab from the Arab vendor by the Old City's Damascus Gate after synagogue.
Trump ignores not just the significance of Muslims to Jerusalem, but Jerusalem's significance to Muslims. Few things unify the Middle East more than the rallying cry of “Al-Aqsa is in danger.” Asked where I'd begun a trip to Jordan, “Jerusalem” brought smiles from locals.
The Temple Mount crisis is proof. Autocratic Arab governments and their state-run media will stir the pot. Cementing perceptions that neither the U.S. nor Israel wants peace, Trump's decision is likely to sow public anger.
Finally, the decision ignores Israel's reality.
Jubilation among Jews in the United States is misplaced. Jews don't need Trump to “recognize” Jerusalem; it is the eternal capital of the Jewish people. “When a Jew visits Jerusalem for the first time, it is not the first time;” wrote Ellie Wiesel. “It is a homecoming.” I will never forget my own first visit to the Western Wall.
Trump's self-interested declaration changes nothing about Jerusalem's Jewishness. Foreign leaders regularly recognize it, visiting Yad Vashem and the Knesset. The wall is ours and will remain so. Trump's decision merely makes Jerusalem more dangerous.
Beyond pleasing the right, this harms Israel. It deepens the divide between religious and secular. It cleaves Israel from allies and makes life more difficult for liberal Zionists such as myself.
More perniciously, it will isolate Israel when it seemed on the cusp of an unprecedented diplomatic breakthrough with Saudi Arabia and others.
Few say Donald Trump understands nuance. Yet no issue demands prudence like Jerusalem. It is easy to see how this ignorant decision will have serious, perhaps deadly, repercussions – for everyone.
Alexander Cohen studied history and political science at University of Toronto and spent last summer in the Coexistence in the Middle East Program at Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
The Annapolis Police Department will hold an eight week Citizen Police Academy to start March 7. The purpose of the Citizen Police Academy is to educate residents about their local police department, give them a better understanding of law enforcement, how officers work in the community and the specific programs offered by the Annapolis Police Department.
The Academy will meet weekly on Wednesday evenings at 6:30 p.m. until 8:30 p.m. at the Annapolis Police Department, 199 Taylor Avenue. Sessions will include classroom learning, field trips and hands-on training. The Citizen Police Academy will meet March 7, 14, 21, April 4, 11, 18, 25 and May 2.
Attendees must be at least 18 years old and live or work in Annapolis. Those interested in attending can find more information and complete an online application form on the City's website at www.annapolis.gov/police. You can also contact Sergeant Nicole Vaden or Corporal Amy Miguez at 410-268-9000 or [email protected] and [email protected]. All applicants must authorize the Annapolis Police Department to conduct a criminal history background check. Simply having a criminal history does not necessarily exclude you from participating. The application deadline is February 21.
Related
Category: Events, LIFE IN THE AREA, Local News, NEWS, Post To FB
Charlotte Hornets point guard Kemba Walker became the franchise leader (193) in career games of 20 or more points. Jason E. Miczek AP
CTV Atlantic
The Nova Scotia Teacher's Union announced Friday that it's pulling out of the special council set up by the province to improve class conditions.
NSTU president Liette Doucet says she's not happy with recent developments related to a report by education consultant Avis Glaze. Doucet says the province has been too quick in accepting the report commissioned by the government, on the education system.
The report recommended Nova Scotia eliminates the province's seven English language school boards and remove principals and vice-principals from the teachers union.
“There have been some gains made, we don't know if any of the recommendations of the committee will go forward,” says Doucet.
She says the government failed to consult the NSTU first, and the union's action is a direct result of that.
Nova Scotia's education minister Zach Churchill says he doesn't agree with the union's decision to back out of the council.
“I understand that the union is in disagreement with the Glaze report, but that's not connected to the work that this council is doing and we need to make sure that this work continues because having teacher's voices at the table has been so valuable to making positive changes,” says Churchill.
Doucet says teachers are still committed to having discussions with the province, but says she feels the government hasn't been listening.
She says the union isn't advising teachers who sit on the committee about what they should do, noting it's their personal choice whether they want to continue.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Emily Baron Cadloff.
Generations of Americans have grown up heralding meat and potatoes as the classic dinner of choice. Who doesn't love the taste of that time-honored combination, filling our bellies with the comfort of a juicy, fatty steak and fluffy, carby spuds? Just thinking about it is enough to make us pine for the 1950s when this was considered a healthy meal.
I have good news, however. I have discovered that with a little creativity, any main dish can be turned into a salad, scratching the itch without ditching nutrition. So yes, meat and potatoes can be made healthier, and lighter, which is a bonus for summertime eating.
Try my Meat and Potatoes Steakhouse Salad recipe. It stretches just one 8-ounce steak into feeding four people, which means alongside that tasty steak, each person will also be filled up with a slew of veggies. I used filet mignon because it's a lean cut of beef, and since only a couple of ounces of meat needed per person, the whole dish remains reasonably priced.
Cute baby potatoes on the salad mean you'll also feel satisfied in a way that frankly only comes from a starchy side. In fact, the entire salad celebrates steakhouse flavors, including garlicky meaty mushrooms, flash-cooked asparagus, tomatoes, blue cheese, chives and a creamy dressing made from Dijon mustard and aromatic tarragon. It's like the steakhouse menu itself morphed into a complete meal on a plate. At 322 calories per serving, you might have steak and potatoes a little more often.
By Scott T. Sterling
When he's not recording heartbreaking songs, Sam Smith can be pretty funny.
Related: Sam Smith Announces New Album ‘The Thrill of It All'
Set to serve as the musical guest on this week's episode of Saturday Night Live (Oct. 7), Smith teamed up with host Gal Gadot of Wonder Woman fame and cast member Kenen Thompson for a pair of comedic promos.
In the first, Smith even gets to deliver the punchline, as he cheekily offers a personal makeup tip.
It's Smith's second time as the musical guest on SNL, following his debut in 2014.
Watch the promos below.
LEWISBURG – Mississinawa Valley lost 66-59 in a Cross County Conference boys basketball game at Tri-County North on Friday.
After trailing 18-12 at the end of the first quarter, Mississinawa Valley reduced its deficit to 30-29 in the second quarter. Tri-County North, however, went up 46-42 at the end of the third quarter on its way to a 7-point win.
Ethan Bowman led Mississinawa Valley with 22 points in Friday's loss. Also for the Blackhawks, Blake Scholl scored 10 points, DJ Howell scored 7, Alex Scholl scored 5, Josh Fett scored 4, Matt Slob scored 4, Cody Dirksen scored 3, Trent Collins scored 2, and Max Dirmeyer scored 2.
MV fell to 8-8-1 overall and 5-4 in the CCC with Friday's loss. The Blackhawks will play host to Fort Recovery on Saturday.
Mississinawa Valley's freshman junior varsity basketball team lost 32-31 to Tri-County North.
Trey Godfrey led Mississinawa with 9 points, Levi Ward scored 7, Caiden Beanblossom scored 6, Wyatt Feltner scored 6, Zach Connor scored 2, and Payton Threewits scored 1.
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican Pause
1:41 Fly Ty and Jacinda Jacobs on togetherness
0:51 Marvin Williams: Charlotte Hornets still headed to playoffs
3:02 Look at the massive water flow of Feather River, Sacramento River and Lake Oroville
0:37 American Red Cross operates shelter at Cal Expo
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:58 Boy celebrates third birthday in evacuation shelter in Chico with help of CHP officers
1:16 Evacuees wait to return after Oroville Dam threat: 'This is not happening'
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
0 "I'll blow your brains out." Man threatens to shoot security guard in face
“I'll blow your [expletive] brains out.” That's what police said a suspect yelled at an apartment security guard. It happened at the Jefferson Square Apartment complex on Friday night.
Tyrone Miles, 42, was taken into custody before anyone was hurt. For a few moments, though, one man was not sure if he was going to die doing his job.
Trending stories:
A sign said 'No trespassing,' but when a security guard tried to stop Tyrone Miles Friday night he told police he had a gun in his face.
"I don't feel safe, I know that,” said Ashley Travis, who works in the Memphis Housing Authority building.
Travis said was not surprised to hear about the assault.
“A lot of drug use over here, on top of the mental on this. So I don't put it past anybody.” she said. “They don't like you checking their IDs and stuff. They got a lot of stuff going on over here, so I can see that happening.”
Tony Holmes, who's lived in the building 15 years, was not phased either.
“They do it all the time,” he said, speaking about the confrontations. “I lock my door, and I mind my own business, [and] stay away from it.”
The apartment complex is just yards away from Le Bohneur Children's Hospital and Regional One. In the last month, there have been 15 aggravated assaults in a mile radius, four of them domestic violence related.
People at the complex told us the security guard's been moved to another property.
Miles is behind bars, a place he has been more than 20 times since 1994.
Residents and their guests told us they will be even more careful now, and are glad security is doing their job.
“You never know who you're dealing with or what type of day that person is having or what kind of issues that person has,” said Dewayne Moore. “I don't know, maybe they should raise the pay for security guards because it seems to be a pretty dangerous job.”
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
THERE WERE A few nerves but that was always going to be the way.
Munster final day in CIT, up against Kerry with the sun beaming down. We knew it was going to be a tough one.
Everyone was gunning to win it. Year in, year out, Cork are never at their very best in the Munster championship, but always seem to peak in the All-Ireland series. Kerry beat them in the provincial final last year so there was serious hunger to win that cup back.
It wasn't as if it was a ritual, like, ‘Let's win a Munster final' — it was more like, ‘We need to win this today, there's no way we're losing.'
On a personal level, it was a massive occasion for me being my first competitive game and I felt there may be a good chance I'd come off the bench and make my senior championship debut — something I had dreamed of as a kid.
Before the game, some of us were given a GPS tracker so I knew there was always a possibility I would come on. Watching the first half, we were trailing for the most. We seemed to always be a few points down, they were on top all over and we just weren't performing.
At half-time, the subs went out on the pitch and Kevin, our strength and conditioning coach, came over and told me to get a good warm up in so I knew I was coming on. I had a chat with James Masters, he told me what I should do and in I went.
I had yet to touch the ball but next thing, we got a penalty. We had got another in the first half, Hannah Looney scored it but this time it was up to me.
I wasn't going to take it at the start, I was really nervous and nearly handed it off to Hannah again. But I knew if I was able to put that away I'd get into the rhythm and get more confidence.
My Dad even said after that he really didn't think I'd take it, but I'm glad I did now, even though it was a scary moment.
We won well in the end, got the job done and I was delighted with how it went. It was very, very warm but that made things all the more enjoyable and brought out a good crowd.
Like I was saying above, it was crazy how much it meant to get over the line in Munster this year. Cork have won so many All-Irelands through the years, you often forget that they don't always win Munster.
We were talking about it after the match with Ciara O'Sullivan, the captain, and we were on about players that have been around for a couple of years.
Ciara was explaining that how some players have been a part of the team for five or six years and hadn't won a Munster medal for different reasons. We — the younger ones — couldn't believe it. We all just think they win so much as they are so successful and have won many All-Irelands.
It wasn't two wins out of two that weekend unfortunately. With Cork City, we had a 1-1 draw away to UCD. We probably should have won but we'll gladly take the point.
I was tired in the Sunday game, I have to say. It did effect me, I was annoyed because I wasn't 100%. Balancing both is tough but it's been going smoothly so far — it's ideal not having to worry about school. I'm focusing on sport, sport, sport and I don't have anything else to worry about.
People often say things like, ‘You're overloading,' but look at professional athletes — they train two or three times a day. The fact that I have the two sports, it's just a case of balancing them, helped by the support of coaches, family and what not. Sure I'd be training the same amount of times per week if I concentrated on one as I would have to do my own training but instead I'm just doing it with a different team.
I'm really enjoying how things are going at the moment.
Training has been tough the last while but I love going, having the chats and going out to do a hard session — especially waking up to the sun shining, it makes it 10 times easier.
Long may it last!
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
2017 was a tough aul year. (Trump has a lot to answer for)
So this feel good list courtesy of Amy O'Connor couldn't have come quick enough.
Last year, I compiled a list of my favourite moments of the year. Nice things that either made me laugh, warmed my heart or brought a little tear to my eye. 2017 was somehow worse than last year, so I'm doing this thread again! Settle in. — ⭐ amy o'connor ⭐ (@amyohconnor) December 10, 2017
Amy listed out the things that made her feel warm and fuzzy throughout 2017 and it makes for some excellent feel-good reading!
The list includes the teacher who has a personalised handshake with every one of his students:
#1: The teacher who has a personalised handshake with each of his students. Teachers are amazing and we don't appreciate them enough. pic.twitter.com/F62kqPyEHi — ⭐ amy o'connor ⭐ (@amyohconnor) December 10, 2017
These amazing interview-crashing kids who went viral earlier this year:
#6: THIS LITTLE GAL'S STRIDE OF PRIDE pic.twitter.com/sDAHF5fVaK — ⭐ amy o'connor ⭐ (@amyohconnor) December 10, 2017
The story of a New York rapper flying to Florida to meet the 81-year-old woman he met on Words With Friends:
#14: The story of a young rapper from Harlem flying to Florida to meet the 81-year-old woman he met on Words with Friends. https://t.co/9AEMr4KQuu — ⭐ amy o'connor ⭐ (@amyohconnor) December 10, 2017
A group of Steps fans having a dance party in a car park following a gig in Leeds:
#26: A group of Steps fans having an impromptu dance party in a car park. Pure joy. If 2017 has taught us anything, it's that pop music is the ultimate unifying force. https://t.co/bXLXb8Nwk3 — ⭐ amy o'connor ⭐ (@amyohconnor) December 10, 2017
And the kindness shown by Jermain Defoe to Bradley Lowery and his family:
#28: The tremendous kindness shown by Jermain Defoe to Bradley Lowery and his family. (via: https://t.co/DTjZ21xH3f) pic.twitter.com/MfYbAsnZRd — ⭐ amy o'connor ⭐ (@amyohconnor) December 10, 2017
Head over to Amy's Twitter for a list that will be sure to put a smile on your face, maybe 2017 wasn't so bad after all.
LISBON Six people have died and two others are missing after a series of explosions at a fireworks factory in northern Portugal, rescue workers said.
The explosions took place late on Tuesday and rescue workers were searching for more victims. President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa travelled on Wednesday to the village of Avoes, about 350 km north of Lisbon.
"In the name of the government I want to send my condolences and a word of consolation to the families of the victims," Prime Minister Antonio Costa said in a tweet.
Television images showed smoke and smouldering remains of the factory and the town declared three days of mourning for the victims.
Police launched an investigation into the explosions at the family-owned factory.
(Reporting By Axel Bugge; Editing by Stephen Powell)
There's no doubt, Robyn Ah Mow-Santos brings a different energy to fall camp than Dave Shoji did as head coach. Ah Mow-Santos will be the first to admit, where Shoji was often patient, the former all-American setter is intense. She has a no excuses approach, that was evident from the very first day of camp when she told all of her players that hadn't passed her physical fitness test that they could not practice.
But, while her style may take some adjusting to for the Rainbow Wahine who never experienced her as an assistant coach under Shoji (from 2011-2015) she does share a bond with her players as a former Wahine herself.
During Ah Mow-Santos' time at U.H. she was selected twice as an AVCA first-team all-American. Her now assistant coach, Angelica Ljungqvist, was her teammate at Hawaii in the early 1990's, and was the Rainbow Wahine's first ever four time all-American selection. Ljungqvist was also selected as the National Player of the Year in her final season at U.H. and is to this day considered one of the most decorated Rainbow Wahine in team history. Together the two led the Hawaii to an NCAA National Championship title game in 1996.
Now, learning from two of the most accomplished Rainbow Wahine the program has ever changed the dynamics in gym one for many of Hawaii's players.
"It's different," said middle hitter, Emily Maglio. "They can relate so easily. They've been through it. They're going to keep it tough. They don't let anything slide and they're going to hold you to the high standard that they had when they were playing here."
Ah Mow-Santos and Ljungqvist have also reverted other components of practice to mirror their time playing in Manoa. Fall camp is now being held in gym one, as opposed to the air-conditioned, comfortable confines of the Stan Sheriff Center where Shoji's held preseason practices in recent years.
"It started here, it's going to end here," Ah Mow-Santos said smiling when discussing the change in scenery. "This is where me and Angelica... we all started here. We dripped sweat here. So, I'm cool with gym one. We don't need the Stan Sheriff center until two days before the game."
"They've got to feel it," she added laughing. "They got to feel what hard work is. That's right here. Not in an air-conditioned gym."
But, Ah Mow-Santos isn't just holding her team accountable to work hard - she's pushing herself as a coach as well.
She says she hardly slept the night before the team opened camp last week. When the Big West Conference preseason poll was released on the same day as the first practice of preseason training, she hadn't even seen the results heading into the team's workout because she was preoccupied prepping for practice.
But, with the stress and hard work, also comes a sense of fulfillment and nostalgia for both of the Rainbow Wahine now serving on U.H.'s coaching staff.
"I get a little bit of goosebumps," said Ljungqvist when discussing her return to Manoa as an assistant coach. "This is what I've been looking forward to. We're all so excited to be here. It's great to be back in gym one. Spent a lot of hours in there. Sweat a lot in there. So it's great to be back."
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A former Bath city centre pub could be converted into a nine-bed hotel and gastropub.
The Hobgoblin in St James's Parade closed its doors for good in July after pulling more than half a million pints.
The pub was open for 12 years and helped champion the local music scene with hundreds of people taking to social media to support the pub when the landlords announced its closure.
Plans to transform the Grade-II Listed building into a nine-bed hotel B&B have been submitted to Bath and North East Somerset Council.
Work to do up the pub started on September 26 and is ongoing.
If given the green light by the council, the historic building would also include a gastropub and restaurant area serving local drink and food produce from 8am until 11pm.
All nine bedrooms would also be en-suite and the exterior of the building would be given a makeover.
According to the designs and access statement, the renovation work would not affect any period features and all original fireplaces, carpentry and plasterwork would be retained.
Council planners are expected to make a decision before January 30, 2018.
The news comes after hotel developer Dominvs launched a consultation to convert Bath College's Allen Building across the road into a 206-bedroom hotel with a restaurant, bar and café.
If given the go-ahead, this would be the third hotel for James Street West.
TWO days after creating a stir at Wimbledon with his new megabucks clothing deal, Roger Federer was back making a style statement with his dazzling tennis as he gave Lukas Lacko a straight-sets lesson to reach the third round.
The Swiss defending champion was at his breathtaking best as he crafted 48 exquisite winners during a 90-minute 6-4 6-4 6-1 victory on Wednesday that seemed more an exhibition of his shot-making than a charge towards a record ninth Wimbledon title.
Camera Icon Roger Federer salutes the crowd at Wimbledon. Picture: AFP
Slovakian Lacko, who is ranked 73rd in the world, saved two set points at 5-3 but couldn't prevent Federer from taking the first set on a rapid service game. Another effortless topspin-loaded swing from Federer, which claimed the opening break of the second set, was followed by a 60-second service game to pull away with a 4-2 lead.
Camera Icon Slovakia's Lukas Lacko was no match for Roger Federer. Picture: AFP
And Federer was relentless as he lost just nine of 61 total points behind his intimidating service and he closed out the second set with three straight aces. The third set was one-way traffic as Federer killed the contest with a ferocious forehand after 90 minutes of brilliance.
“I played very well again, I felt good out there, fewer nerves than in the first round, which is normal,” said Federer after racking up his 93rd Wimbledon win. “I am happy with how I am hitting the ball and concentration on my own service games and I am able to mix it up on return. I needed to put him away and I was able to do that and I am very happy.”
Camera Icon Roger Federer had no nerves during his second round win at Wimbledon. Picture: AFP
Federer will next face either Croatian Ivo Karlovic or Germany's Jan-Lennard Struff for a place in the fourth round.
French 17th seed Lucas Pouille fell short in five sets after fighting from two sets down to be beaten 6-4 6-2 6-7 (8-10) 3-6 6-2 by Austria's Dennis Novak. But where Pouille failed, his compatriot Gael Monfils succeeded in a 3-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) 7-6 (7-3) triumph over Italian Paolo Lorenzi.
Camera Icon Roger Federer's exquisite backhand was again on show. Picture: Getty Images
Elsewhere, American world No. 13 Sam Querrey eliminated Sergiy Stakhovsky of Ukraine 7-6 (7-4) 6-3 6-3 while Russia's Daniil Medvedev, earned a straight-set victory over world Guillermo Garcia-Lopez of Spain 6-3 6-4 6-2.
UNITED NATIONS (Sputnik) — On Tuesday, the White House said in a statement that the United States will not insist on implementation of the two-state solution of the conflict that would not bring peace to the region, adding if the rival parties wanted something else, Washington would help them.
The White House stressed that "peace is the goal" when it comes to Israeli-Palestinian conflict, adding that it could be reached through various means.
Commenting on the statement of the White House, Haq said Tuesday: "You're aware of our support for the two state solution. Beyond that, I wouldn't comment."
The concept of a two-state solution to the ongoing conflict between Israelis and Palestinians stipulates creation of "two states for two groups of people." It has long been viewed by the international community as the only realistic way to end the conflict.
The boundary between the two states is still subject to dispute and negotiation, with Palestinian and Arab leadership insisting on the "1967 borders," which is not acceptable to Israel.
Israel's settlement expansion into the Palestinian territories has put the realization of the plan in question.
April 28 Bayern Munich have activated a clause to make winger Kingsley Coman's transfer from Juventus permanent at the end of the season, the German club said in a statement.
The 20-year-old France international, who joined Bayern on a two-year loan deal in 2015, will sign a contract until 2020.
"He is a player with huge potential," Bayern CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said. "We're convinced that he will be of great help to us in the coming years.
"He is a very young player who already plays regularly for the French national team and who has gathered experience at the European Championship."
Coman, a former Paris St Germain player, has scored eight goals in 58 games for Bayern. (Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
Polymer bearings, commonly known as plastic bearings, are the latest development in the bearings industry. A bearing is made up of four different parts: inner race, outer race, cage, and balls. The combination of these parts in unison allows smooth and friction free motion. In polymer bearings, the inner race, the outer race, and the cage are all made up of plastic and the material used for manufacturing balls depends on the kind of applications and environmental conditions it gets subjected to. Materials that can be used to manufacture balls include plastic, stainless steel, and glass.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/polymer-bearings-market.html
Polymer bearings provide numerous advantages over other bearings. This includes resistance to corrosion, chemicals, and fatigue, self-lubrication, lightweight, low co-efficient of friction, and quiet operation. Polymer bearings is an ideal option in applications where steel bearings cannot be used, owing to their corrosive tendencies. Furthermore, they are economical than the other types of bearings. Therefore, these are used in various applications in industries such as food & beverages, textile, medical & pharmaceutical, and electrical. However, polymer ball bearings cannot be subjected to applications involving high loads and prolonged exposure to temperatures exceeding 300°F.
This calls for need to use traditional bearings such as stainless steel bearings and ceramic bearings. Ceramic bearings offer numerous advantages. They overcome most limitations generally encountered in the other two bearings, and can be subjected to high temperatures up to 1800°F and high loads. Despite these advantages, ceramic bearings are used less, as they are expensive. Thus, polymer bearings are widely being used, as they are economical and offer large number of advantages. The market for polymer bearings is expected to expand at a steady pace owing to the increasing usage of these bearings in a large number of industrial applications.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=18872
Based on the type of ball used in the bearings, the market for polymer bearings can be segmented into plastic ball bearing, glass ball bearing, and stainless steel ball bearing. The choice of the material to be used for balls highly depends on the kind of conditions and applications the bearing is subjected to. Plastic balls are generally used when there is a need of light weight, noise free operation. Glass balls are employed when a comparatively lighter option is required in a metal free application. Glass balls also exhibit less magnetic properties.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
STATE COLLEGE, Pa. — Penn State University says it has banned its near-century-old outdoor recreation club from going outside because it is too dangerous out in the wilderness.
The 98-year-old Penn State Outing Club announced last week that the university will no longer allow the club to organize outdoor, student-led trips starting next semester. The university's offices of Student Affairs and Risk Management made the determination that the hiking, camping and other outdoors-focused activities the student-led club has long engaged in are too risky.
The Outing Club's current president Richard Waltz tells the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette that the decision wasn't an open dialogue and they weren't briefed on the determination.
A Penn State spokeswoman says student safety is the school's primary focus. Two other outdoor recreation clubs also have been directed to end trip offerings.
A A
As a teenager in 1958, I worked as a cook on the large ranch in our Idaho valley. While it was no picnic, the money would assure that I wouldn't have to spend my life as a ranch cook!
We cooked for around 35 men. In spite of the work, the job also provided entertainment due to the exploits of the hired help — young men who still had way too much energy and imagination after working all day. They gleefully shared the following story over a series of weeks as we ate dinner. It may have been a little mean, but there was an innocence about living and working at that time.
The ranch had grazing rights to the Payette National Forest that surrounded the valley. The daily job of the cowboys was to check on cattle that were scattered over thousands of acres. Overlooking the valley was Granite Mountain with its hike-in Forest Service lookout.
According to the cowboys, an adventurous but naive young man from the East Coast worked at the lookout that summer. He had never been west and had no understanding of the area or the people. The innocent was also completely by himself, with the exception of the communication radio, for weeks at a time. Supplies were brought in periodically, but that was the only source of contact with anyone — except the cowboys.
The cowboys naturally stopped to chat with the boy from the East. Discussions involved fires, lightning, falling rocks, bears and other outdoor dangers. The talk would generally get around to descriptions of animals. The novice would excitedly recount a few that he had seen. The cowboys, on the first visit, asked if he had seen the Speckled Knocker. The Eastern Dude asked for a description.
“Well, he kind of looks like a huge woodpecker, is speckled and goes around knocking holes in trees with his beak.” One of the riders pointed to a hole in a nearby tree. The gullible young man asked if the Knocker was dangerous. The answer was probably not, but the wood supports on the lookout were rather small and could be an issue. The cowboys left the Eastern innocent to ruminate on this information.
A couple of weeks went by and the cowhands had occasion to go up to the mountain again with, of course, a stop at the lookout. Dude was a little uneasy, having heard thumping noises on trees several times, though he had not seen anything. The cowpokes admitted that the Knocker was quite shy, so he might only hear him.
Then one of the boys asked if the Dude had seen evidence of rocks dragged along the ground (not an uncommon sight where small avalanches occur). The Eastern Dude had. The cowboys nodded wisely and solemnly announced that they had probably been left by the Magno-Cat, a large creature that had the ability to attract rocks. He probably wasn't dangerous unless you were standing near his path, in which case you could be knocked silly by the rocks tumbling behind him.
By now the innocent was frightened. He called the local forest ranger on the radio for advice. The ranger was a nice guy but he also had a little of the devil in him. He assured Dude that he was probably safe, that he had not heard of those specific creatures — but there were some strange things out there.
On their third visit, the ruthless wranglers considered stepping back a bit, since the naive newbie seemed terrified. But they couldn't pass up the chance to introduce another, gentler creature: the Mountain Goadder.
This creature was large, rather like a brainless cow, and would fill the small trails that wended their way around the mountains. The animal came in two varieties that determined how they traveled: short legs on the right went right, short legs on the left went left. Thus they could stay level on steep slopes. How they reproduce has long been a mystery of science.
The only danger Mountain Goadders presented was that they covered the whole trail and could not turn around, so if you met them going the wrong way you might be forced off the trail.
The buckaroos' stage was set. They figured the coup de grace would be to stop at the edge of the clearing, then race their horses past the lookout yelling “They're after us!”
They got set for their run when they noticed everything was quiet. They checked the area and found the lookout deserted. Nothing was left — no food stocks, no firewood. Empty.
Once they got back to the ranch they called the forest ranger. He told them that the Dude was totally terrified, and since the season was ending, he decided to pull him out.
These summer events proved one thing to me: Cowboys were probably the most dangerous thing in the forest.
Everybody has a Story welcomes nonfiction contributions, 1,000 words maximum, and relevant photographs. Email is the best way to send materials so we don't have to retype your words or borrow original photos. Send to: neighbors@columbian.com or P.O. Box 180, Vancouver WA, 98666. Call Scott Hewitt, 360-735-4525, with questions.
© Sputnik/ Evgeny Biyatov Russian Defense Ministry Signs Pantsir-S Delivery Contract
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Russia will reduce defense spending in the next three years to 2.7-2.8 percent of GDP, President Vladimir Putin said.
"There is an understanding that an effectively functioning economy is a priority for the state. Therefore, the army must be compact, but modern and effective. But we are already spending quite a lot. These expenses reached more than three percent [of GDP] last year," Putin told US filmmaker Oliver Stone in a third part of the interview broadcast by the Showtime television network.
"It will return gradually to 2.7-2.8 percent of GDP in the next three years," Putin stressed.
KNOXVILLE — Points proved to be hard to come by here Friday, as Fulton dealt Scott its first district loss of the season, 47-26.
Seven different Lady Highlanders scored, but none more than five, as the Falcons pulled away for a 21-point win that was never really in doubt.
Janae Fuqua scored all six of her points in the first quarter to help Fulton to an early 15-5 lead. That was the margin at the half, 23-13, but the third quarter was too much like the first. It was an eight-minute period that saw the Lady Highlanders score just one field goal, while Fulton went on a 13-3 run to double its lead to 36-16 as the fourth quarter began.
The Lady Highlanders shot just 23 percent on the night, and got to the free throw line just five times.
Journey Babb finished with seven rebounds. Lyndsey Summers had two blocked shots.
FULTON (47): Manning 13, Latham 8, Tinsley 8, Bailey 7, Fugua 6, Dalton 5.
SCOTT (26): Chaney 5, Sexton 5, J. Babb 5, Stanley 5, Sellers 2, Myers 2, Summers 2.
It's an extra-long long weekend for many local kids and it may feel interminable for parents with rain in the forecast.
The Ottawa Carleton District School Board has what they now call a PA – professional activity – day Friday.
Friday's forecast is for clouds and a 60 per cent chance of morning showers then a mix of sun and cloud and a high of 18 C.
Overnight, the forecast is for clouds, a 60 per cent chance of rain and a low of 10 C.
For Saturday, periods of rain are expected to end in the afternoon with a high of 23 C that will feel like 30 with the humidity. Showers are forecast for overnight with a low of 18 C.
A mix of sun and cloud with a 30 per cent chance of showers, day and night, with a high of 23 C and low of 10 C are forecast for Sunday.
Hi #Ottawa! Our Farmers' Markets will be OPEN this #Thanksgiving #weekend ! Perfect for stocking up on all ur fave fixings #MyOttawa pic.twitter.com/cuAecSGYIg — Ottawa Farmers' Mkt (@OttawaFarmMkt) October 3, 2017
Thanksgiving Monday and Tuesday are both expected to feature a mix of sun and cloud, a 30 per cent chance of showers and a high of 22 C.
Then the weather forecast turns a bit more fall-ish with a mix of sun and cloud and cooler highs, 18 C Wednesday and 16 C Thursday.
For those that don't recall, VDENC is a low-power, high-performance video encode engine added originally to Intel Skylake hardware. That aforelinked article covers the big benefits of using VDENC and the patches published earlier this year for enabling this Intel video encode engine on Linux.Patches have now hit VA-API for enabling VDENC on the newer Broxton and Kabylake hardware for supporting MPEG AVC videos.These latest patches are now in the intel-driver VA-API Git code if you are running Kabylake or Broxton hardware and looking for improved AVC video encode performance. It's also dependent upon some updated GuC/HuC patches.
Kevin Magnussen's strong start to the season has been attributed to being with the Haas F1 Team for a second consecutive season, according to his team principal Guenther Steiner.
It is the first time in his career when the Dane has been able to remain with the same team for a second season, having spent one year racing with both the McLaren F1 Team and the Renault Sport Formula One Team before finding his way to Haas ahead of the 2017 season.
And Steiner feels the stability and continuality of remaining with the team has given Magnussen a lot of confidence, and it is showing with two points finishes in the opening three races of 2018.
“I think being with us for two years now has a lot to do with it,” said Steiner. “The first year, he figured out everybody. He knows who is who. He likes the atmosphere around the team. He hasn't had this before and, now, coming into the second season is something new, and it's helped pull the talent out of him.
“He likes the car and the car are good and that combination has given him confidence. He doesn't have to overdo things. He believes in himself that he can do a good job with a good car.”
Magnussen himself agrees that remaining with the team has made a big difference to him, and the experience of 2017 has given him the chance to prepare properly for the next campaign.
“The main thing is that we have a good car, a better car this year,” said Magnussen. “I also think it makes a big difference that I'm with the same team for a second year, having that continuity.
“You have a totally different preparation and some experience to rely on.”
DUBLIN Irish retail sales volumes fell 0.7 percent month-on-month in March to stand 3.2 percent higher than a year ago as a Brexit-influenced fall in car sales continued to weigh on headline growth, data showed on Friday.
Retail sales have grown strongly since Ireland became the fastest growing economy in the European Union in 2014 but the sharp fall in the value of sterling against the euro following Britain's vote to leave the bloc has led to a surge in used-car imports.
Excluding car sales, which fell 10 percent year-on-year in the first quarter, "core" retail sales far outstripped the headline rate, expanding by 0.7 percent month-on-month and 6.0 percent on an annual basis.
(Reporting by Padraic Halpin; Editing by Gareth Jones)
The Council is currently supporting the town of Mohill is a number of ways. The town was prioritised under the Town and Village Scheme with additional footpath works.
The Lough Rinn rowing facility will continue to be developed and provides the basis for a continued increase in activity to the town.
The Council rates incentivised scheme is available on an ongoing basis to eligible applicants for the reuse of vacant or unused business premises.
The Local Enterprise Office has supported the set-up of the Mohill Business Association early in 2015 following a sustainability/green energy expo in the Canon Donohoe Hall where over 100 people attended in December 2014.
Energy audits with approximately 12 businesses in Mohill were also carried out. The businesses, where interested, were assisted to carry out some of the cost saving measures with a small fund made available through the Local Enterprise Office.
Start Your Own Business courses have been run in Mohill along with information sessions during enterprise week on energy awareness.
Work is currently ongoing in developing a Sustainable Energy Community in Mohill among businesses, community businesses, etc.
Meetings with this group continue and are now working towards a better energy communities application in February 2017.
Further initiatives include cookery classes for the youth cafe members ie: young people age 8-12 during February 2017, encompassing nutrition and healthy eating, ongoing engagement is happening between LEO and the Arts Office and the Old Convent in Mohill which is being developed as a creative centre.
All of the business supports in relation to one meetings, business advice and business training and mentoring are available to businesses in Mohill and the county as a whole.
Online Trading Vouchers Scheme, Micro Finance Ireland loans, etc are open to any eligible business wishing to avail of it.
It's almost time for the Super Bowl or, if you're not within the roughly 250-mile radius that comprises both team's fanbases, the fancy football game you're socially obligated to watch despite your deep and almost bitter apathy towards the outcome.
Scroll for more content...
Here's everything you need to know if you actually want to pay attention in between commercials and pizza bagel binges.
Who's playing in the Super Bowl?
Reigning Super Bowl Champs the New England Patriots will attempt a repeat against the Philadelphia Eagles.
How many Super Bowls have the Patriots won?
Five, all under the seemingly-unbeatable team of Tom Brady and Head Coach Bill Belichick.
How many Super Bowls have the Eagles won?
Zero! They have been to three, most recently in 2004 when they lost to ...
hoo boy ...
The New England Patriots.
Okay. Who are the quarterb--
TOM BRADY! Have you heard it's Tom Brady? It's Tom Brady, the 40-year-old human male; a living Black Mirror episode where an immortal football legend has his consciousness implanted in an avocado while timelord Bill Belichick's team of New England scientists scramble to renew his muscle pliability using every drop of water in the Hoover Dam. Tom Brady is as hydrated as a jellyfish and as strong as an organic, free-range bear! Tom Brady doesn't even know the word "death!" Or "carb!"
Oh, and the quarterback for the Philadelphia Eagles will be Nick Foles.
Nick Foles. I am not familiar with that name.
So, funny story: While everyone and their deceased great-great-grandmother knows who Tom Brady is, Nick Foles is actually the backup quarterback for the Eagles. Tom Brady is a 5-time Super Bowl Champion and the Eagles aren't even starting their main guy!
First-string Eagles quarterback and Prince Harry's body double Carson Wentz tore his ACL earlier this season, and what looked like an unfortunate end to a promising postseason bid was actually the beginning of an underdog run for the ages, led by none other than the 29-year-old Foles. Now, they are deservedly in the Super Bowl, facing a very formidable and well-nourished foe.
Wait, why aren't we referring to it as Super Bowl LII?
The AP Stylebook, basically a bible to most writers and grammar sticklers, caused a minor crisis earlier this year when they announced the Super Bowl is properly referred to by the year it's played. So for instance, this year's Super Bowl LII should be Super Bowl 2018.
People were incensed. "We have been doing fine with Roman numerals for LI years so far!" they cried. "And we will continue to use them for the next C to come!"
Which of course, kind of proves the point. Quick, what year was Super Bowl XLII?
If you didn't say MMVII, ya lose.
Wow, while that is interesting I still can't really get into it. Who should I root for?
If you like "winning" the way Donald Trump says it, you should root for the Patriots.
If you like "winning" the way Charlie Sheen says it, you should root for the Eagles.
If you like consistency and the status quo, root for the Patriots.
If you like literally anything other than the Patriots, or just want to see a plucky franchise finally get their due, root for the Eagles.
If you don't like Philly or New England, you should root for Philly just to see something different. If you're a Patriots fan and that offends you, just go gaze at the five rings y'all have. We hear it's soothing.
That's not convincing me. Give me some other miscellany upon which to make my judgment.
If you like "Good Will Hunting," "The Departed" or any given Wahlberg, Damon or Affleck, root for the Patriots.
If you like "Rocky," "Philadelphia" (don't judge!) or Bradley Cooper, root for the Patriots.
Cheesesteak over clam chowder? Patriots.
Liberty Bell over Boston Harbor? Eagles.
Boston Market? PATRIOTS.
Philadelphia cream cheese? EAGLES.
Grating yet endearing local dialects? Friend, you are looking at a win-win.
Why are some Eagles fans wearing dog masks? Is football actually a cult?
Other than being really upsetting to look at, Eagles fans (and players!) have adopted the dog mask look because they were heavily regarded as underdogs when they faced both the Atlanta Falcons and the Minnesota Vikings on their way to the Super Bowl.
Okay, I'm gonna pick up some wings, pound a non-alcoholic beverage and WATCH THIS THING. Where is it?
This year's Super Bowl will be held on Sunday, February 4, at US Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Kickoff is at 6:30 p.m. ET, which means the game will be over at 4 a.m. the next day.
That stadium looks cool but I bet a lot of birds die there.
Sadly, they actually do. According to one report, the stadium the biggest bird-killer in Minneapolis. There are actually ongoing conversations about how to make the design more birdly-friendly since literally hundreds of them have lost their live smashing into the reflective exterior glass since the stadium opened in 2016. Sad for the ecosystem, and a truly hideous omen for the Philadelphia Eagles.
Minnesota seems a bit cold this time of year.
It will be! The high in Minneapolis on Sunday is predicted to be a cozy 8 degrees, and the low is zero. As in no degrees.
Isn't anyone concerned the players will freeze? Not in a figurative way, but actually freeze solid?
Luckily, the NFL wouldn't subject players -- and fans -- to such an experience. The Super Bowl typically isn't held in cold-weather cities if the stadium isn't domed or enclosed, and it just so happens US Bank Stadium is the latter.
Back to the game. How can I watch it?
If you have normal cable, you can catch the game on NBC or any NBC affiliate. If you want to watch on your computer or device, NBC is streaming the game online and through their sports apps. And, good news! If you want to stream the game, you don't even need a cable login. Just go for it.
I hear Justin Timberlake's playing the halftime show. Will there be any "wardrobe malfunctions?"
Can you believe it was 14 whole years ago that Justin Timberlake ripped off part of Janet Jackson's costume during their Super Bowl halftime performance, sending the FCC into a tailspin and changing the history of live TV as we know it? It all seems so quaint, so... antique. Don't expect a cheeky repeat though -- it was not the kind of weird moment that begs an encore.
Weird moments? I love weird moments! Give me one more for the road.
Well, here's an Eagles fan riding a dune buggy up the Rocky steps.
Remember kids, the different between "fan" and "felon" is like, three letters. Be safe out there!
READ: Four hours is a long time to even tangentially care about football if you don't normally care about football. So when the commercials get boring and the nacho cheese gets gummy, here are some super interesting trivia to keep the merriment going.
READ: It may be a bloated, over-hyped spectacle, but the Super Bowl usually is good for a memorable moment or two.
Some of them even happen on the field.
School officials focused exclusively on bullying prevention efforts might want to consider the findings of a new study showing the highly damaging effects of multiple forms of victimization on school climate.
The study, published in the Journal of Child & Adolescent Trauma, measured the impact of polyvictimization - exposure to multiple forms of victimization - on school climate at the middle and high school levels. Results show that bullying, cyberbullying and harassment were significantly associated with decreases in perceptions of school safety, connection, and equity.
Overall, 43.1 percent of students experienced at least one form of victimization during the 2015-2016 schoolyear. Just over 32 percent of students reported being bullied, 21 percent were victims of cyberbullying and 16.4 percent experienced harassment - defined as "experiencing negative actions from one or more persons because of his or her skin, religion, where they are from (what country), sex, sexual identity or disability."
Based on data from the 2015 Vermont Middle and High School Pilot Climate Survey, the findings highlight the need for comprehensive policies that address all forms of victimization to offset further erosion to safe and equitable school environments, which is tied to educational outcomes.
"For each form of victimization, school climate measures go down precipitously, so if we only center the conversation about kids who are being bullied that limits it to 'that's not my kid,'" says study author Bernice Garnett, associate professor in the College of Education and Social Services at the University of Vermont. "But if we change the conversation to bullying can actually damage the entire school climate, then that motivates and galvanizes the overall will of the school community to do something about it."
Prior research shows that students from vulnerable populations are most frequently victimized. Garnett's study found that students experiencing polyvictimization were most likely to identify as female and transgender. Students who identified as "multiracial" or "other" also experienced higher levels of polyvictimization than their peers. Additionally, students experiencing polyvictimization were more likely to report doing "worse" academically.
The finding related to students who identify as female and transgender would not have been possible without the addition of a question by the Vermont Agency of Education to the Vermont School Climate Survey that gives students the opportunity to identify as transgender. The finding is unique, according to Garnett, due to the fact that most states, as well as the National Youth Risk Behavior Surveillance Survey, asks about sexual orientation, but not gender identity.
"We asked both to align with how Vermont policy is written and because Vermont schools protect both gender identity and sexual orientation," says Garnett, who is a member of the committee that designed the Vermont survey. "I wasn't surprised by the results, because transgender youth experience worse things across the board, but it was surprising to find that this is a reality in Vermont, particularly given all the work that's been done here."
Crafting an effective policy response
The National Center for Educational Statistics tracks a number of ways students are victimized ranging from serious physcial attacks to verbal-based assaults. Garnett points out that bullying is motivated by another students real or claimed identity, and if that's a protected identity, its actually discrimination.
"That's an important distinction, because current bullying prevention programs focused on teaching students to be nicer or more empathetic would look very different," seh says. "If a student is targeting someone either implicitly or explicitly because of an identity they were culturally taught not to like, then it changes the conversation to 'wait, why I am I thinking these thoughts? Why do I hold them? What am I learning from home and the media, and how can I check in with my assumptions?"
Such prevention efforts would be difficult, if not impossible, to develop without data showing which students are being targeted. A recent study from Columbia University, for example, showed that queer youth living in states where schools enumerate homophobic bullying, experience less victimization. Data differs regionally, however, making it difficult to protect students in places where "people are using identities to target for power," says Garnett.
"Policies can actually shape the experiences of students in schools," says Garnett. "This study is trying to show that we need to be thinking about the structural forces that make bullying prevalent among certain groups of kids, which is not a coincidence. The reason why queer youth, English Language Learners, kids with disabilities and overweight kids are targeted is because those are socially acceptable identities to target depending on where you live."
###
THE Melbourne Food and Wine Festival is in full swing - and the best of the west is on show for food lovers in week two.
7 FOOD FEST EVENTS TO TRY IN MELBOURNE'S NORTH
MFWF 18: YOUR COMPLETE GUIDE
Here's where you can tantalise your tastebuds at events across Melbourne's western suburbs:
AN ETHIOPIAN BANQUET - FOOTSCRAY
Get to know your fellow diners at the Ethiopian Banquet at Konjo Cafe, Footscray. The buffet is served at a communal table with a menu that includes meat stews, vegetarian and lentil dishes. If you like your food hot and spicy, there will be plenty to sample, or you can stick to the milder offerings. The night will be capped off with a traditional coffee ceremony.
Where: Konjo Café, Footscray. From 6.30pm, March 22-23. Tickets $45.
Camera Icon Finish Konjo Cafe's Ethiopian banquet with a traditional coffee. Picture: Supplied
CHRONICLES OF CHEESE - MOONEE PONDS
If your idea of heaven is an overflowing cheese platter, then Chronicle of Cheese is the event for you. Olivia Sutton from Essendon's Harper & Blohm Cheese Shop will present four cheeses at tasting tables with wines to accompany. And it's at the Sam Merrifield Library, so you'll be able to lose yourself in a good book while enjoying the cheese and wine.
Where: Sam Merrifield Library, Moonee Ponds. From 6.30pm, Friday, March 23. Tickets $38.
Camera Icon Cheese expert Olivia Sutton at Harper & Blohm. Picture: News Corp Australia
SCRUMPTION ST ALBANS - TWILIGHT MARKET DINNER
Take a twilight walk through St Albans Market, where food stalls will showcase European, Asian and local cuisine and street food dishes. The market will also have entertainment and live local music throughout the night.
Where: St Albans Market, St Albans. From 5.30pm, Friday, March 23. FREE.
Camera Icon Food stalls will offer street food at Big Sam's Market in St Albans. Picture: News Corp Australia
VILLA A TROIS - SEDDON
There's no need to book a tour through Asia to go on a culinary journey. Sample three different Asian cuisines in one night at Luxsmith in Seddon. The three-course meal will include dishes from Thailand, Korea and Vietnam, with matched wines.
Where: Luxsmith, Seddon. From 6pm, Friday, March 23. Tickets $90.
Camera Icon Take a taste tour of Asian cuisine at Luxsmith in Seddon. Picture: News Corp Australia
WHAT'S ON THE BARBECUE BLOCK PARTY - FOOTSCRAY WEST
Tastebuds will be salivating with a whole hog served Tex-Mex style at Harley and Rose in Footscray West. Chef Chris Watson and pit boss Troy Wheeler will serve up dishes such as pork and pickled pineapple with salsa roja, smoked brisket pastrami and shaved cabbage. The pumping tunes will be provided by Chico G.
Where: Harley and Rose, West Footscray. From noon, Sunday, March 25. Tickets $28.
0 This is the resume format most hiring managers want to see
Hiring managers may spend less than a minute looking at your resume, so you want to make sure that it's organized in a way that's appealing to them.
RELATED: How to earn extra cash working from home
Resume secrets: What hiring managers are looking for
According to a survey from the staffing service Accountemps, three out of four bosses prefer a chronological resume with the most recent work history first.
For the study, 150 senior executives from the nation's 1,000 largest companies were asked:
“Do you prefer to receive a resume written in a chronological format that is organized by dates of employment, or one in a functional format that is organized by skills?”
Their responses:
Chronological 75%
Functional 17%
No preference 8%
“Chronological resumes allow job seekers to present their career progression to prospective employers in a straightforward, easy-to-follow way,” said Max Messmer, chairman of Accountemps. “Functional resumes, which emphasize skill sets rather than jobs held, are popular among professionals in career transition or who have had lengthy gaps in employment, but they are not a favorite of employers. It is often better to address a career challenge directly than try to write around it.”
In the YouTube video below, career expert Nicole Williams says another way to think about the chronological resume is as a traditional resume.
She offered two additional tips to create the best resume possible:
Ensure that you're only listing work experience and skills that are relevant to the job you're applying for
Highlight how you've created results instead of simply listing day-to-day tasks
But what if you don't have the perfect resume? Don't lie. According to a CareerBuilder survey, 77% of human resources managers reported discovering a lie on a resume.
Instead, always be truthful and follow these tips from Accountemps:
Employment gaps: Briefly explain any employment gaps in your cover letter Limited work history: Bolster work experience through internships, part-time work, temporary assignments and volunteer work Career change: Highlight your transferable accomplishments and skills
If you haven't updated your resume in the past year, dust it off and update it so that you're ready when the perfect job opportunity comes along. Here are 9 secrets to resume success in 2018!
More Clark.com job search resources:
Clark.com
April 24 (UPI) -- The man suspected of driving a van into crowds in Toronto was charged in court Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
Alek Minassian, 25, appeared briefly in court wearing a white jumpsuit and with his hands cuffed behind him in the prisoner's box.
His next court appearance is May 10.
The charges came a short time after Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said there is no indication the "horrific" and "senseless" attack has a national security element.
"Obviously all Canadians . . . will continue to have questions about why this happened, what could possibly be the motive behind it," Trudeau said. "At this time we have no reason to suspect there is a national security element to this attack. But obviously the investigation continues."
Investigators believe Minassian intentionally drove onto the sidewalk at a busy intersection Monday afternoon. A motive has not emerged, officials said.
Investigators told CNN a Facebook account believed to belong to Minassian had posted earlier Monday, "All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!"
Rodger killed six people -- and himself -- and injured 14 others in an attack near the University of California, Santa Barbara campus in 2014. Police said he had a personal grievance relating to his belief in extremist men's rights activism, in which he believed women do not want gender equality and have instead been brainwashed.
Police said Minassian fled on foot after crashing into people Monday, but was arrested a short distance away.
Kenneth Wu, who saw the van on the move, told CBC News he locked eyes with the driver.
"As soon as he passed my car, he turned around and looked at me face-to-face," Wu said. "That's when I saw he was a very angry and scared young guy."
One of the victims was identified Tuesday as Anne Marie D'Amico, an employee of the Invesco investment firm.
Further Reading Judge won't let student challenge electronics searches at US border In recent days, there have been numerous media reports of a NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory employee and American citizen who was forced to unlock his phone while returning to the United States at Houston's George Bush Intercontinental Airport.
In that case, Sidd Bikkannavar wasn't sure what his rights were—he seemingly was unaware that there is a very broad exception to the Fourth Amendment at the border that allows officials to conduct warrantless searches.
Now, let's imagine that you arrive at the United States border, and a customs official asks you to unlock your digital device and inspect it. You, being a privacy-conscious person, decide to refuse to hand over your password, unlike Bikkannavar. What are the ramifications of telling a Customs and Border Protection agent to go pound sand? What would happen to your device? And, how long could CBP hold you for refusing to comply?
Ars spoke with several legal experts, and contacted CBP itself (which did not provide anything beyond previously-published policies). The short answer is: your device probably will be seized (or "detained" in CBP parlance), and you might be kept in physical detention—although no one seems to be sure exactly for how long.
An unnamed CBP spokesman told The New York Times on Tuesday that such electronic searches are extremely rare: he said that 4,444 cellphones and 320 other electronic devices were inspected in 2015, or 0.0012 percent of the 383 million arrivals (presuming that all those people had one device).
How long is too long?
Further Reading Warrantless airport seizure of laptop “cannot be justified,” judge rules The most recent public document to date on this topic appears to be an August 2009 Department of Homeland Security paper entitled "Privacy Impact Assessment for the Border Searches of Electronic Devices." That document states that "For CBP, the detention of devices ordinarily should not exceed five (5) days, unless extenuating circumstances exist."
The policy also states that CBP or Immigration and Customs Enforcement "may demand technical assistance, including translation or decryption," citing a federal law, 19 US Code Section 507. A related document says that "officers may seek such assistance with or without individualized suspicion." Refusing to comply with this statute is "guilty of a misdemeanor and subject to a fine of not more than $1,000." It does not mention the amount of time that an in-airport detention could potentially last.
One law professor who has written extensively on computer criminal law, Orin Kerr, notes that there is frustratingly a lack of cases that deal with this particular statute.
Border agents say that this law requires people crossing border to disclose their password if asked. But does it say that? No cases. pic.twitter.com/2FeJdPTkZ6 — Orin Kerr (@OrinKerr) February 15, 2017
Brian Owsley is a former federal magistrate judge in the Southern District of Texas, which borders Mexico, who now teaches law at the University of North Texas. He said was unsure how long such a physical detention could theoretically last for refusing. "I suspect no longer than about 36 hours," he e-mailed Ars. "These ports of entry are often not equipped to handle long-term detainees, especially overland stations. In all likelihood, they would take the individual before a judge and proceed from there. A judge could try to hold them indefinitely, but I would have Fifth Amendment concerns about that."
"For a US citizen, CBP essentially has to let them back into the country," Nathan Freed Wessler, an attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union, told Ars. "They can't be detained indefinitely for refusing to provide a password. They may be detained for hours and they may seize the phone for weeks or months while [CBP tries] to break into it."
“Civil liberties suffer”
Further Reading Supreme Court enshrines “reasonable suspicion” for device search at border While the issue of electronic searches has cropped up recently in the early days of the Trump Administration, travelers have previously been subjected to such searches and litigated their claims.
Back in 2010, David House, a founder of the Bradley Manning Support Network, was forced to surrender his electronic devices upon arriving on a flight from Mexico to Chicago. He was questioned about his political activities related to the Manning Network by two DHS officials, who seized his devices and demanded that he give up his password to unlock his computer. House declined to do so. When those devices were not returned promptly, he ended up suing DHS. The case ended up being settled in 2013.
One of House's lawyers, Catherine Crump, who was then an attorney at the American Civil Liberties Union and now teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley, told Ars that the government claimed House had committed a misdemeanor in violation of 19 US Code Section 507. "They claimed he violated a statute requiring people to provide aid to border officials upon request," she e-mailed. "I am not sure how much of this was government posturing. Presumably a lot—I have never heard of anyone being charged under this statute for not disclosing a password. The answer to how long someone could be detained is likewise unclear. Other countries have limits on how long a citizen can be held at the border, but there is no such publicly declared limit in the US. This is all symptomatic of a more general problem. There are not clear limits on what border agents can and cannot do, and civil liberties suffer as a result."
Crump also represented a French-American student named Pascal Abidor in a similar case. He sued over a 2010 incident where his computer was searched while he was on a train from Montreal to New York. The judge eventually sided with the government and dismissed the case in 2013.
"This is enough to suggest that it would be foolish, if not irresponsible, for plaintiffs to store truly private or confidential information on electronic devices that are carried and used overseas," US District Judge Edward Korman wrote at the time.
Since his case case started receiving substantial media attention, Abidor told Ars that the secondary searches stopped and that he has not had his electronic devices searched or seized.
Further Reading Judge: Bradley Manning supporter can sue government over border search "That being said, I have changed my practices—I expect that anything I bring will be searched," he e-mailed on Tuesday. "When I travel, I do so with the bare minimum of electronic devices. But sometimes, I have needed to bring my laptop with me and this has meant that I have had to put myself at risk of government intrusion and violation of my rights. Fortunately, I have been ok."
He concluded: "If I was asked to unlock my phone or computer by border officials today, I would politely say no, ask for an attorney, and deal with the consequences from there."
However, in 2015, a federal judge in the District of Columbia ruled in favor of a South Korean businessman who has his laptop seized at Los Angeles International Airport, and searched without a warrant.
The ACLU's Nathan Freed Wessler, who noted he has personally been sent to secondary screening but has never been asked about his own electronic devices at the border, added that this puts travelers in a "tough spot" between balancing their privacy rights and their ability to get where they are going.
"It's the ACLU's position that people should not be put in course of situations to turn over a password and that any detention of somebody at the border needs to be justified by a real investigative need," he said. "Somebody insists on their privacy rights shouldn't be justification by itself to hold [that person], but very few courts have weighed in as to how long can CBP hold somebody in general and there is basically no case law on how long they can hold somebody if they're trying to get into a device."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SLIDELL, La. - Would you stop for gas if you saw this at the pumps?
This creepy video shows a massive swarm of mayflies taking over a convenience store in Slidell, Louisiana.
"I saw it last night around 11 and it was crazy," says Dalton Bond, who witnessed the swarm firsthand.
Kenny Hickman, who captured the frenzy on his cell phone, says it's unlike anything he's ever seen.
"I started filming it with my phone and I'm like I'm not getting out,” Hickman tells WGNO.
Thankfully, mayflies have a short lifespan and typically live for roughly 24 hours.
"I'm either having them for dinner, up my ears, up my nose, I haven't seen so many before swarm," says Hickman.
Just like moths, mayflies are attracted to light, so a bright gas station fits the bill no matter how unnerving their buggy behavior seems to us.
According to Entomology Today, mayfly swarms are common in late spring and early summer during mating season.
SAN DIEGO — The County Board of Supervisors Monday voted to waive permit fees for the rebuilding of more than 200 structures that have been destroyed or damaged in the Lilac Fire.
The board also extended an emergency declaration in relation to the fire.
The waiver of plan review and permit fees could save residents and businesses thousands of dollars as they begin the task of rebuilding. For example, the county typically charges at least $4,200 for the review and permitting of a 2,000-square-feet house, according to a fee table.
The waivers apply to structures within the fire's perimeter in unincorporated areas and any other areas in which county approval is needed.
“Our deepest sympathies go out to the residents of our county who have lost everything this holiday season,” Director of Emergency Services Holly Crawford said.
The blaze began at around 11:15 a.m. on Thursday, just west of Interstate 15 and north of Lilac Road in Pala Mesa, amid gusty, arid winds.
The fire has held at 4,100 acres since Thursday night. It is 80 percent contained as of Monday morning, according to Cal Fire.
Thousands of North County residents were forced to evacuate after the fire broke out. All evacuation orders were lifted by Sunday night.
The county counts 104 residential structures destroyed and 13 damaged, two commercial structures destroyed and five damaged, 78 accessory structures (such as barns) destroyed and 10 damaged, according to Amy Harbert, the county's disaster recovery manager.
Several resources are available to people navigating the recovery and rebuilding process.
Residents can visit a local assistance center that has been set up at the Vista branch of the county library at 700 Eucalyptus Ave. It is open from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. beginning Monday.
Residents may also visit www.sdcountyrecovery.com or call (858) 495-5200.
* Pan-European STOXX 600 index down 0.3 pct
* Banks down after Draghi remarks, real estate up
* Unilever inches up after strategy review
* Shares off lows as commodity stocks recover (Adds details, updates prices)
By Danilo Masoni
MILAN, April 6 European shares fell on Thursday after minutes of the Federal Reserve's last meeting raised worries over high stock market valuations, with banks hit by cooling ECB rate hike expectations.
The STOXX 600 index fell 0.3 percent while Britain's FTSE and Germany's DAX both fell 0.4 percent.
European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi said the bank would stick to its policy plan including bond buying and record-low rates for some time to come as it was not yet convinced the euro zone economy was back to rude health.
His remarks, which suggested the ECB will not change its policy message this month, hit banking stocks, which benefit from prospects that higher rates could boost their margins, but lifted the real estate index to a six-month high.
"Banks have been suffering from negative newsflow on the rates front with the central bank rapidly becoming more prudent after inflation data resoundingly missed expectations," said Giuseppe Sersale, fund manager at Anthilia in Milan. "On the other hand, real estate is recovering from worries that rates could start a phase of strong increases."
Among real estate stocks, France's Unibail Rodamco provided the biggest boost to the sectoral index with a rise of 1.1 percent. Among euro zone banks, the top two fallers were Italy's Banco BPM and Germany's Commerzbank, both down 1.6 percent. Deutsche Bank fell 1 percent on the last day to subscribe to its 8 billion euros cash call.
Anthilia's Sersale added that broader risk-off mood was also due to profit-taking after a strong gain in March and a reversal at Wall Street following the release of the Fed minutes overnight.
Unilever edged up 0.2 percent after the consumer goods giant promised a multi-billion pound programme of shareholder rewards after a corporate rethink sparked by a takeover approach from Kraft Heinz.
Eslewhere broker upgrades drove price action.
Pearson was the top loser on the STOXX, down 8.7 percent, as the British education firm traded ex-dividend and was further weighed down by a downgrade from Exane to underperform.
AstraZeneca fell 1.3 percent after a UBS downgrade to neutral, while German airport operator Fraport rose 2.9 percent with traders linking the rise to a upgrade to "buy" from Société Générale.
European shares come off lows as commodity stocks recovered after crude oil prices turned higher after being hit in the previous session record high U.S. crude inventories. (Reporting by Danilo Masoni; Editing by Alison Williams)
An illegal alien, thanks to the Obama-created Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) temporary amnesty program, was allowed to work in a children's summer camp, where he eventually was accused of molesting a child and collecting child pornography.
Edgar Covarrubias-Padilla, a 27-year-old illegal alien DACA recipient, was noted in a Senate Judiciary Committee on DACA by Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA), who called the case an example of the “exploitation and abuse” within the temporary amnesty program.
advertisement
In 2015, Padilla was under investigation by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) for child exploitation, all while allowing him to keep his DACA protected status to work in the U.S. and avoid deportation.
The investigation into the illegal alien went on for months before he was permitted to work at the Walden West Science Camp for fifth and sixth graders in Saratoga, California, as CBS San Francisco reported.
Then, while known at the summer camp as “Papa Bear,” the illegal alien covered by DACA allegedly molested a 14-year-old child and collected and distributed child pornography.
Grassley said the illegal alien should have never been allowed to remain in the U.S. and work at a children's summer camp under DACA while he was being investigated for child exploitation.
“Although considered to be ‘potentially egregious to public safety' months before his arrest, he was nonetheless given a work permit,” Grassley said.
After the DACA recipient's arrest on the child porn and molestation charges, the family of a 10-year-old boy at the summer camp filed a suit against the Santa Clara County Office of Education, which ran the summer camp, for failing to protect their children from the alleged pedophile.
“The fact that the county already had this rule in place is a testament to how important it is not to allow an adult to be with a child alone. In this case, that adult happened to be a pedophile,” the family's attorney said in a 2015 statement.
The family attorney said that children at the summer camp were actually encouraged by administrators to go visit the illegal alien DACA recipient when they were not feeling good or when they were homesick.
A former official at the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) agency, which runs the DACA program, said the fraud rate for the temporary amnesty is astronomical.
“Based on what I had seen and what I discussed with my colleagues, the fraud rate is 40 to 50 percent. It's possible that it was higher,” the former USCIS official previously told Lifezette, as Breitbart News reported.
Since DACA's inception, more than 2,100 DACA recipients saw their protected status revoked for being involved in gang activity or suspected/convicted of a felony. Due to a loophole in the DACA program, more than 39,000 illegal aliens have been able to obtain Green Cards and more than 1,000 have been naturalized.
The Huawei sub-brand's 7S and 7A will retail for P5,490 and 6,990 respectively
Published 5:49 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Huawei budget sub-brand Honor has released 2 new units, the 7S and the 7A, priced at P5,490 and P6,990, respectively.
Honor country director for the Philippines, Wang Yang, emphasized the brand's direction to offer the lowest possible prices while retaining solid specifications.
He also said another differentiating factor for the Honor phones is that they're targeting the younger crowd, evidenced not only by the price but also the light, fun colors the units are available in.
The 7A's specs include a Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 chip and 3GB of RAM. It has a nice combination of features that people don't always expect in this price range including face unlock, a 5.7-inch 18:9 display with slim bezels, and a 3-card slot for 2 sims and a microSD card.
The Honor 7A also has a 13-megapixel back camera and an 8-megapixel front camera with a variety of shooting modes including "Beauty," "Capture smiles," "Food," and has what it calls a selfie toning light. Honor also touts the 7A's high volume level and sound quality.
The sub-P6000 Honor 7S, on the other hand, has a 5.45-inch 18:9 HD display, a quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 chip, 2 GB of RAM, LED flash for both front and back cameras, and smart battery management.
The 7S boasts a "Loud Voice Call" function which Honor says helps users hear clearer even in noisy environments. It also has a 3,020 mAh battery, and LED selfie lighting. – Rappler.com
Seven men and a woman aged between 30 and 47 were remanded on Saturday for six days in connection with a string of burglaries since 2011 in all districts.
The group, believed to be members of a burglary ring, were arrested on Friday in Limassol after stolen goods were located in two apartments in the tourist area of Germasogeia following a tip off.
According to head of the Limassol CID Ioannis Soteriades officers located mobile phones, sunglasses, helmets, masks, cartridges, women's bags, jewellery, cash, watches, tools and laptops that are believed to be stolen in the two apartments. In one of the flats a small amount of the crystal ice drug was located.
Six persons were in one apartment and two in the other. It appears the group are members of a burglary ring active in all districts, Soteriades said.
“They appear to be involved in cases dating back to 2011,” he said. The arrests helped solve an armed robbery that took place in August 2012 and a number of burglaries of the same period.
Soteriades said that the identity cards and passports of some of the suspects are believed to be fake.
Police said they will look begin looking into cases that have not been solved and call in victims of burglaries and thefts to identify the items located.
Suzanne Nelson owns Suzanne's Natural Foods. She vouches for a homeopathic medicine called Oscillococcinum also called "Oselo" to help with flu symptoms. "It's little tiny pellets in one tiny container that you just pour the whole thing under your tongue, for my kids I'll use like half a container. Three times a day and usually in two days you can knock the flu.one does will immediately start helping somebody feel better" says Nelson. She's not the only one...
More >>
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier on Monday announced that he would leave the White House's manufacturing council, citing President Donald Trump's failure to explicitly condemn white supremacists after a man who espoused extreme views rammed his car into a crowd of counter-protesters in Charlottesville.
“America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal,” Frazier said in a statement. “As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience, I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism.”
Trump has not explicitly condemned white nationalists following the attack. He instead denounced “this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides.”
Shortly after Frazier announced his resignation, Trump hit back on Twitter criticizing Merck's drug prices:
Wash off your tiredness along with mental & emotional stress and soak in the tranquillity with Bathtub & Whirlpool offerings from Parryware, India's contemporary bathroom solutions provider. The brand offers varied ranges of acrylic & vitreous enamel steel bathtubs that are a perfect blend of quality and design and fits all kind contemporary bathroom spaces.
Parryware vitreous enamel steel bathtubs are easy to install and ensure longevity with its anti-corrosive property. The bathtub coating keeps it shinny and scratch free. Inclusive of features like anti-slip base, heat resistance, maintenance free & sound insulation makes it an ideal choice of every bathroom space. There are 3 ranges available under this portfolio – Atlantica, Europa & Universal; and these are available in various sizes with white color finish.
With ample space and wide interior, Parryware Atlântica comes with anatomical design that enables one to enjoy the bath in style. Available in three different sizes and at a very affordable price, Parryware Europa available with low tub depth which enables comfortable and safe entrance as well as water saving. Supported by versatile, robust and timeless design, Parryware Universal adds to the overall aesthetics and style of the bathroom.
Parryware acrylic whirlpools come with features such as air massage, water massage, self-drainage, chromotherapy, water level sensor and feature touch digital control. Laguna & Poise are the available ranges under this category.
Commenting on the offering, Mr. K E Ranganathan, Managing Director, Roca Bathrooms Products Pvt Ltd. said, “At Parryware, our endeavour is to be the prime choice for customers looking for contemporary, durable and affordable bathroom solutions. Augmenting our product portfolio, the bathtub & whirlpool series offer an impeccable combination of design, technology, and comfort. With these offerings, the focus is to provide the consumer with luxury at an affordable cost. At Parryware, our effort is to elevate bathrooms from merely being a functional space to becoming the new living spaces for our customers.”
The range is available in key markets across 1000 dealer outlets in India and the price will be shared on request.
CHICAGO (AP) – Whit Merrifield hit a three-run homer and drove in a career-high five runs, and the Kansas City Royals pounded the Chicago White Sox 14-6 on Sunday.
Drew Butera had four of Kansas City's 16 hits, helping the Royals climb back over .500 at 59-58. Jorge Bonifacio hit his 15th homer, and Lorenzo Cain had two hits and two RBIs.
Jason Vargas (14-6) worked six innings to match his career high for wins set in 2012 with Seattle. The left-hander allowed three runs and six hits, struck out seven and walked two.
Tim Anderson hit a two-run homer for AL-worst Chicago, and Avisail Garcia added a two-run double.
Posted by admin on April 17, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
SYDNEY — Australia and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) agreed during a weekend summit in Sydney to establish a regional infrastructure pipeline, Australia's foreign minister said, as the bloc seeks to balance rising Chinese influence.
The project “will develop a pipeline of high-quality infrastructure projects, to attract private and public investment”, according to a statement from Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop issued on Sunday.
Australia, the United States, India and Japan have been seeking to establish a regional alternative to China's multibillion-dollar Belt and Road infrastructure scheme, according to a report in the Australian Financial Review last month that cited a senior US official.
A spokeswoman for Bishop said on Monday the agreement was purely an ASEAN initiative and “not to counter China.”
Australia hosted the special ASEAN meeting, despite not being a member of the 10-nation bloc, looking to tighten political and trade ties in a region where Chinese presence is growing stronger.
A joint communique issued by Australia and ASEAN at the end of the meeting called for “self-restraint” in the South China Sea, where aggressive Chinese expansion has irked ASEAN members who also have territorial claims in the busy waterway.
“This is a security and stability question in Southeast Asia which will affect all ASEAN countries if it goes wrong,” Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong told a news conference shortly after the communique was issued.
Chinese President Xi Jinping's signature Belt and Road plan is a vehicle for the world's second-largest economy to take a greater role on the international stage by funding and building transport and trade links in more than 60 countries.
Mr. Xi has promoted the initiative heavily, inviting world leaders to Beijing last May for an inaugural summit at which he pledged $124 billion in funding for the plan, and enshrining it into the ruling Communist Party's constitution in October. — Reuters
On Monday, the 25-year-old model tweeted about the conversation that she was engaged in during New York's Fashion Week.
— Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) February 13, 2017
“Sat next to a journalist from the NYT last night who told me ‘Melania is a hooker.' Whatever your politics it's crucial to call this out for what it is: slut-shaming,” Ratajkowski tweeted.“I don't care about her nudes or sexual history and no one should.”
— Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) February 13, 2017
While she did not identify the journalist, she did later specify that they are male.
“Gender specific attacks are disgusting sexist bullshit,” Ratajkowski said in a subsequent tweet.
On Tuesday afternoon, New York Times features writer and documentary filmmaker Jacob Bernstein confessed that he had been the one gossiping about the First Lady.
In a four-part series of tweets, he apologized for his comments.
— Jacob Bernstein (@BernsteinJacob) February 14, 2017
© AFP 2016/ TIMOTHY A. CLARY Melania Trump 'Deeply Honored' to Serve US as First Lady
“I want to take ownership of a mistake I made,” Bernstein began. “Speaking at a party in what I thought was a personal conversation, I nevertheless made a stupid remark about the first lady. My editors have made it clear my behavior was not in keeping with the standards of the Times, and I agree.”
“My mistake, referring to unfounded rumors, shouldn't reflect on anyone else and I apologize profusely,” he continued.
Ratajkowski is known perhaps as much for her political stances, particularly concerning feminism, as she is for her modeling. The outspoken Bernie Sanders supporter has long maintained that women can be both intelligent and sexual — if and when they choose.
During the campaign, unsubstantiated reports swirled that Melania Trump was an escort prior to meeting her husband. She has since filed defamation lawsuits against the Daily Mail and a smaller blog site — as well as issued letters demanding a retraction to several others.
By Mike Wilcox
Publisher
During this holiday season many of us will look for that large and expensive gift under the Christmas tree. We might be hoping for the new XBox, shiny jewelry or even a new Buick in the driveway.
Gifts are nice and make us happy for the moment, but at my age I wish for something else nonmaterial: happiness and good health. I've been blessed with both, plus family and friends to share it with.
I draw inspiration from many, but one person in particular helps me go the extra mile. She is Sherry, the production/graphics manager at our Clare office.
I know of no one stronger or happier. Many in Clare know her for the work she does for the newspaper. Others know her as Mrs. 4-H, where she volunteers for nearly every aspect of that fine program. When we needed someone to deliver newspapers, she was the first to volunteer for the job. Every Friday morning, she and her husband are at the office at 4 a.m. to meet the printer and load their vehicle with the week's edition.
Many may not know Sherry is dealing with her second round of cancer. Two years ago she was diagnosed with Stage 3 breast cancer. After many rounds of radiation and chemo, she was pronounced cancer-free.
Sherry didn't let it get her down. She knew she would beat it and didn't let anyone feel sorry for her. She lived life normally, continuing her active role at work and with charities. There were only a couple days during that time span she asked for time off. Sherry was the definition of a trooper.
Now the cancer is back, this time in a kidney. But again it doesn't seem to affect her. Sherry continues her daily work routine without pause, with that permanent smile on her face and determination inside to again beat cancer.
In some of our newspapers we ask for disadvantaged readers to write in and tell us how we can help them for Christmas. Sherry decided to write in. This is what she wrote:
“I would like you to consider making wishes come true on my behalf for other cancer patients. I would like you to make donations to Cancer Services of Clare, Gladwin and Midland County. My only request is that if you do make a donation to any organization involved with cancer, please let me know with a note or card telling me so. It will give me much encouragement as I continue my own journey.”
So for those who are fortunate to have good health, happiness and extra money in our pockets, let's grant Sherry her wish. Send a few bucks off to the cancer organization of your choice. It's the least one can do for the kind, selfless woman.
You can write Sherry Landon at the Clare County Review, 105 W. Fourth St., Clare, MI 48617.
The old Banner School building site near 11th and Warner in Guthrie is set to become a park.
Firefighters said a group of teens reportedly set the structure on fire in May 2014. The building had not been a school for a number of years.
City Manager Leroy Alsup said after the fire, the owner of the building donated it to the City of Guthrie. Now, 90 percent of the demolition and cleanup is complete.
Using funds from the 3/4 cent sales tax passed back in 2016, Alsup said the park will bring several firsts to the community.
“This will be our first actual splash pad,” he said.
“And I believe this will be our first park with handicap accessible playground equipment,” he added.
The initial concept design also showed walking trails, picnic shelters, and a possible maintenance building. And Alsup said it will also feature what was salvaged from the roughly 80-year-old building.
“Guthrie is all about history,” he explained.
A monument will be made from Banner School's nameplate and displayed as you enter the new Banner Park.
Alsup said the final designs will be done this fall. They hope to start construction in 2018.
Share. A new hope. A new hope.
Warning: Full spoilers for The Handmaid's Tale: Season 1 finale below.
“There's a hope, it seems, in futility,” Elisabeth Moss' Offred muses toward the end of the Season 1 finale of The Handmaid's Tale.
It comes just after Offred and her fellow Handmaids -- women who are regularly raped in the interest of procreation -- have committed one of the biggest acts of protest against their new regime. A fellow Handmaid has been convicted of endangering a child, and the women are tasked with carrying out her Biblical punishment: death by stoning.
Throughout the previous nine episodes, we've seen just how brutal and heartless the leaders of the new society Gilead can be -- all in the name of serving God, of course -- but also just how hypocritical. Women have all been relegated to roles of servitude, and they've all eventually just barely accepted that this is their new reality. Of all the atrocities they face on a daily basis, though, it seems killing one of their own is a line they cannot cross, and one by one they stand up against the people attempting to force them to carry out the punishment.
They know, of course, that Janine (Madeline Brewer) will probably be killed anyway. They also know that they'll face their own punishment for their refusal. But even for the Handmaids who, unlike protagonist Offred/June (Elisabeth Moss), haven't been aching to join the resistance movement and find a way out of their new normal, refusing to do this one thing was a major step toward reclaiming their former identities and—hopefully, eventually—their personhood.
Futile as their resistance may be, they did it anyway. Nevertheless, she persisted.
The first season of The Handmaid's Tale has followed Offred as she slowly but surely accepts that in order to remain sane, in order to retain some semblance of hope that escape is possible, in order to potentially save her daughter, she must hold on to that spirit of resistance. Early in the finale episode, a flashback to June's first days at the Red Center, where obedience was literally beaten into each woman, revealed that she, and everyone else, was terrified. Not anymore. Now that she's accepted her current reality, her only recourse is to have hope that it can eventually change, even though all signs point to the fact that it probably won't. Complicating matters: the fact that Offred has just found out that she is, in fact, pregnant.
Still, she has finally been freed from her terror.
An episode that featured one of the cruelest things Offred has had to endure since she was captured (simply watch the daughter she's spent years searching for and wondering about through a window without running to her), a man's hand removed, and a woman beaten for refusing to kill her friend, managed to end with a message of hope.
Here's how: As Offred's mistress, Serena Joy (Yvonne Strahovski), learned of her husband's betrayal (he'd been sneaking out with Offred and playing illicit games of Scrabble), she became crueler, bringing Offred to see her daughter, Hannah, but not letting the two have contact. “As long as my baby is safe, so is yours,” she threatened.
(Incidentally, the scene of Offred trapped in the car should either be Moss' Emmy submission, or at least at the top of her shortlist. Strahovski, too, is chilling as the increasingly more savage Serena Joy, and Brewer as the increasingly more unhinged Janine.)
But balancing out that cruelty was the fact that the Handmaids banded together publicly for the first time. “It's their fault. They should never have given us uniforms if they didn't want us to be an army,” Offred said. There was also the package Offred was tasked with procuring for the official resistance movement, Mayday, which turned out to be cached of letters from fellow trapped Handmaids begging for them and their children to be saved. Both reminded Offred that she wasn't alone—and seeing Hannah energized her once more.
Meanwhile, Moira (Samira Wiley), buoyed by her interaction with June at the sex club, attempted another escape - and succeeded, finally making it to Canada. She was given a very warm reception and plentiful amenities at a refugee center -- definitely details that were more than a little pointed toward folks critical of taking in 2017's real-life refugees -- but she didn't really seem to register what was happening until June's husband, Luke (O-T Fagbenle), arrived.
Moira was on his list of family members, and he was contacted when she made it across the border. Cue emotional hug. See? Hopeful. The Handmaids marching away after refusing to kill their friend as “Feeling Good” plays? Also hopeful. And a final scene that saw pregnant Offred being taken away by the Eyes, the secret police, as the Commander (Joseph Fiennes) and Serena Joy looked on in horror? Also kind of hopeful, especially after Nick (Max Minghella) whispered for her to just trust him and go along with them.
"Night's" director, Kari Skogland, benefited greatly from the tone Reed Morano set in the pilot, but things felt a bit disjointed in this final episode. The cheeky song-over-closing credits move has been a fun wink as the season progressed, but the use of “Feeling Good” before the episode wrapped felt a bit out of place. And a scene where the falling snow slows as the Handmaids removed their “wings” felt very Matrix-y in an episode that otherwise remained pretty grounded and real.
As the episode closed with Tom Petty's “American Girl,” it almost felt like the music supervisor couldn't decide whether to use “Feeling Good” or “American Girl,” so instead snuck both classic tunes in.
The finale wasn't necessarily, as a whole, as complete or striking as the first three episodes were, but it provided a necessary note of hope in a story that has remained brutally demoralizing throughout its first season. The final moments, too, provided a nice setup for the already-ordered second season. Hard to watch though it may be, it's still a sad prospect to think that we'll have to wait until 2018 for new episodes.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Canadian village looks to get rid of massive, long-dead humpback whale
The whale has been stuck in Newfoundland since last fall, frozen and covered with snow for the winter months
ONCE THE BIGGEST: The 342-metre ore carrier Berge Stahl during her only call at Saldanha Bay in December 2006. The 31-year-old vessel is still trading. Picture: BRIAN INGPEN
The company said yesterday that the non-binding expression of interest could result in an offer being made to all shareholders.
However, the company stressed that the discussions did not at present represent an intention to make an offer in terms of the Companies Act. Cargo Carriers advised shareholders to exercise caution when dealing in their shares and wait until further announcements in this regard were made.
- BUSINESS REPORT
JOHANNESBURG - Cargo Carriers has received a non-binding expression of interest to acquire the listed logistics and transportation group.
0 Witness: Naked woman plows car into Florida day care center
PUTNAM COUNTY, Fla. - A Florida day care center was shut down Friday after a hit-and-run driver plowed into the building Thursday night, deputies said.
>> Read more trending news
That was the beginning of what became a wild ride in Putnam County. Deputies said the driver then hit a tree before rolling her car.
Witnesses said a woman emerged naked from the car and was subdued by deputies with a Taser.
The woman, identified by the Florida Highway Patrol as 44-year-old Malina Churchill, faces several charges after she is discharged from the hospital.
Stay-n-Play Day Care Center owner Becky Cox said there was a mess to clean up.
Cox said the woman didn't stay at the scene.
Cox said she got a telephone call late Thursday from her alarm company, which said there was a burglary in progress.
“One of my employees lives very close, so she came by for me and said, ‘No, the wall's gone,'” Cox said.
The owner said the woman who rammed her business took off.
Neighbors said that a short time later, the same woman hit a palm tree about 4 miles away and flipped her car.
Neighbor Brandi Vickers said she was driving when she saw the first part of the crash happen.
“I was coming up the road heading south and all of a sudden, I see a car in front of me fly over to that side of the road,” Vickers said.
Vickers said the woman crossed into the northbound lanes before shifting her car into reverse.
“She went down the embankment, came up, hit about here and then flew backwards in the building,” Vickers said.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
By Roberta Rampton and Ju-min Park
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence is expected to reassure Japan of American commitment to reining in North Korea's nuclear and missile ambitions on Tuesday, after warning that U.S. strikes in Syria and Afghanistan showed the strength of its resolve.
Pence took off for Tokyo from a U.S. air base south of Seoul, where he assured leaders of the “iron-clad” alliance with the United States. He also warned the reclusive North, which has conducted a series of missile and nuclear tests in defiance of U.N. sanctions, that the “era of strategic patience” was over.
He is expected to discuss Korean tensions with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, as well as hold economic talks with Finance Minister Taro Aso.
North Korea regularly threatens to destroy Japan, South Korea and the United States and it showed no let-up in its defiance after a failed missile test on Sunday, a day after putting on a huge display of missiles in Pyongyang.
North Korea's deputy representative to the United Nations, Kim In Ryong, accused the United States of creating “a situation where nuclear war could break out an any time” and said Pyongyang's next nuclear test would take place “at a time and at a place where our headquarters deems necessary”.
North Korea's Vice Foreign Minister Han Song-Ryol told the BBC that missiles would continue to be tested on “a weekly, monthly and yearly basis”.
South Korea's acting president, Hwang Kyo-ahn, told a cabinet meeting on Tuesday that South Korea would strengthen its alliance with the United States and closely cooperate with China to rein in North Korea.
“We should stay on our toes to protect our territory and people's lives,” Hwang said.
The North has warned of a nuclear strike against the United States if provoked. It has said it has developed a missile that can strike the mainland United States, but officials and experts believe it is some time away from mastering the necessary technology, including miniaturising a nuclear warhead.
TOUGHER SANCTIONS
Pence said on Monday the world had witnessed U.S. President Donald Trump's resolve in the past two weeks, which saw a U.S. missile attack on a Syrian airfield and the dropping of a powerful non-nuclear bomb on Islamic State fighters in Afghanistan.
“North Korea would do well not to test his resolve or the strength of the armed forces of the United States in this region,” Pence said.
The Trump administration has said military action remains an option for dealing with North Korea.
But, mindful that this would likely trigger massive retaliation and casualties in South Korea and Japan, U.S. officials say the Trump administration's main focus is on tougher economic sanctions.
Trump, when asked on Monday if he was considering military action, told Fox News Channel he didn't want to “telegraph” his plans like the previous administration.
U.S. officials say tougher sanctions could include an oil embargo, a global ban on North Korea's airline, intercepting cargo ships and punishing Chinese banks doing business with Pyongyang. They say greater Chinese cooperation is vital.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said China had taken some “very helpful” steps, although it remained to be seen how effective these would be.
Susan Thornton, acting U.S. assistant secretary of state for East Asia, said Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and China's top diplomat, State Councillor Yang Jiechi, agreed in a phone call on Sunday on the need for strict enforcement of U.N. resolutions and for international action to press Pyongyang “to cease provocative actions and recommit to peaceful denuclearisation”.
Thornton said any new North Korean nuclear test “would draw a pretty significant international response”.
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi repeated China's standard line that the crisis could only be resolved by diplomacy.
“I've seen that the United States has reiterated it is willing to use political and diplomatic means to resolve this, as this is their first choice,” he told reporters in Beijing.
“Of course I think that any country will feel that political diplomatic means are of course the first choice.”
Pence's economic discussions in Tokyo will be closely watched to see how hard a line Washington is prepared to take on trade. Trump campaigned on an “America First” platform, and has vowed to narrow big trade deficits with nations like China and Japan.
However, Trump has also shown willingness to link trade to other issues, saying he would cut a better trade deal with China if it exerts influence on North Korea.
China banned imports of North Korean coal, its most important export, in February, and Chinese media have raised the possibility of restricting oil shipments to the North.
Impoverished North Korea and the rich, democratic South are technically still at war because their 1950-1953 conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty. South Korea hosts 28,500 U.S. troops to counter the threat from the North.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) — An Ohio man accused of ramming his car into a crowd of protesters at a white nationalist rally in Virginia will remain in jail – at least until he has an attorney.
Judge Robert Downer declined to set bond at a hearing Monday for James Alex Fields Jr., who faces second-degree murder and other charges, until he has legal representation.
The judge says the public defenders' office informed him it could not represent Fields because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest. Downer said Charles Weber, a local attorney, will be appointed to represent the 20-year-old Fields.
The next scheduled court hearing is Aug. 25, though Fields' attorney could request a bond hearing before then.
Fields was not physically present in the courtroom but appeared via a video monitor. He was seated and wearing a black and white striped uniform. He answered questions from the judge with simple responses of “Yes, sir” when asked if he understood the judge.
He told the judge, “No, sir” when asked if he had ties to the community of Charlottesville.
Fields is charged in the death of Heather Heyer, 32, of Charlottesville. She died when Fields allegedly slammed his car amid a crowd of people protesting the white nationalist rally Saturday. Fields was arrested shortly after and has been in custody ever since.
Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler, and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for his “deeply held, radical” convictions on race, a former high school teacher said Sunday. He also confided that he had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when he was younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication, Derek Weimer said in an interview with The Associated Press.
In high school, Fields was an “average” student, but with a keen interest in military history, Hitler, and Nazi Germany, said Weimer, who said he was Fields' social studies teacher at Randall K. Cooper high school in Union, Kentucky, in Fields' junior and senior years.
“Once you talked to James for a while, you would start to see that sympathy towards Nazism, that idolization of Hitler, that belief in white supremacy,” Weimer said. “It would start to creep out.”
Police say Fields drove his silver Dodge Challenger through a crowd of protesters in Charlottesville, killing Heyer and wounding 19 other people. A Virginia State Police helicopter deployed in a large-scale police response to the violence then crashed into the woods outside of town and both troopers on board died.
Fields had been photographed hours earlier carrying the emblem of Vanguard America, one of the hate groups that organized the “take America back” campaign in protest of the removal of a Confederate statue. The group on Sunday denied any association with the suspect, even as a separate hate group that organized Saturday's rally pledged on social media to organize future events that would be “bigger than Charlottesville.”
The mayor of Charlottesville, political leaders of all political stripes, and activists and community organizers around the country planned rallies, vigils and education campaigns to combat the hate groups. They also urged President Donald Trump to forcefully denounce the organizations, some of which specifically cited Trump's election after a campaign of racially charged rhetoric as validation of their beliefs. Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced late Saturday that federal authorities would pursue a civil rights investigation into the circumstances surrounding the crash.
Weimer recalled that school officials had singled out Fields when he was in 9th grade for his political beliefs and “deeply held, radical” convictions on race and Nazism.
“It was a known issue,” he said.
Weimer said Fields left school for a while, and when he came back he was quieter about politics until his senior year, when politicians started to declare their candidacy for the 2016 presidential race. Weimer said Fields was a big Trump supporter because of what he believed to be Trump's views on race. Trump's proposal to build a border wall with Mexico was particularly appealing to Fields, Weimer said. Fields also admired the Confederacy for its military prowess, he said, though they never spoke about slavery.
As a senior, Fields wanted to join the army, and Weimer, a former officer in the Ohio National Guard, guided him through the process of applying, he said, believing that the military would expose Fields to people of different races and backgrounds and help him dispel his white supremacist views. But Fields was ultimately turned down, which was a big blow, Weimer said. Weimer said he lost contact with Fields after he graduated and was surprised to hear reports that Fields had enlisted in the army.
“The Army can confirm that James Alex Fields reported for basic military training in August of 2015, said Army spokeswoman Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson. “He was, however, released from active duty due to a failure to meet training standards in December of 2015,” she said.
Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told the AP late Saturday that she knew her son was going to Virginia for a political rally, but she had no idea it involved white supremacists.
“I just told him to be careful,” she said, adding she warned him that if there were protests “to make sure he's doing it peacefully.”
Since Hurricane Maria, people in Puerto Rico have been without easy access to electricity, clean drinking water, or food. Many are still staying in shelters; some are living in the ruins of their homes. The once-lush green trees were stripped bare and uprooted.
But all is not lost.
There are two quintessential Puerto Rican sounds that survived:
One is the plaintive song of the tiny coqui frog.
The other is the improvised Afro-Puerto Rican call-and-response musical tradition known as Plena.
Last Sunday, a group of musicians gathered in Calle Loiza, a San Juan neighborhood known for African-inspired folklore. The annual Calle Loiza festival had been cancelled because of the hurricane, but they didn't let that stop them from parading through the streets, playing hand drums and singing plenas.
"It's very, very Puerto Rican," says Emanuel Santana, a singer with the bands Plena Libre and Viento de Agua. "Every time a Puerto Rican hears the drums called panderos, you can have them come down in tears in a time like this. Of course, there's no electricity to even hear music. You have no MP3s right now. So we're back to basics."
The musicians traveled down the sidewalk, stopping at the few bars that have managed to open and are operating on generators. Along the way, they attracted followers who sang along.
Leading the group was Hector Matos - known as "Tito" Matos - a Grammy nominee born in Santurce, and one of Puerto Rico's best known pleneros. He drums and sings plenas about the love he has for the island.
"Love Mother Earth, respect of nature, you know, environment," he says, with his three-year-old son at his side. "Trying to use the moment to also teach the young generation these hurricanes are coming faster, bigger and stronger than ever, and that's because of us."
Matos is a member of the New York band Los Pleneros de la 21 and founder of Viento de Agua. He's recorded and toured with well-known musicians Eddie Palmieri, David Sanchez and Ricky Martin. He also owns a restaurant in Calle Loiza called La Junta. The wooden building was demolished in the hurricane. After the storm, it was vandalized.
"I have to deal with the issues of the hurricane and also go back every day to try to salvage some stuff," he says. "But look at my face: we are happy. I mean, we are alive. All my family members are fine and well. And we can rebuild."
Even as Puerto Ricans continue to struggle to recover from the storm, Matos says he and his pleneros want to bring them a little joy with the music.
"We're all on standby," says Missy Adamus, a chef at La Junta. She says they are trying to rebuild the restaurant, their homes, their lives. But at least they still have their music.
"Music has brought back to life what was dead in Calle Loiza," she says.
Plenas are sometimes known as "singing newspapers," giving the latest updates on what people are feeling and the news of the day. The headline of this week's plenas was about the devastation of Hurricane Maria.
Winding through the neighborhood streets, they sing about resilience: "Our plena, our song, our music, is stronger - our community is stronger than Maria."
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen her 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from her family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen her 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from her family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
I never said that! High-tech deception of 'deepfake' videos
I never said that! High-tech deception of 'deepfake' videos
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews.
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews.
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who h...
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who h...
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it's just not clear when.
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it's just not clear when.
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel, in Weehauken, N.J., with the New York City skyline in the background. New Jersey towns along ...
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel, in Weehauken, N.J., with the New York City skyline in the background. New Jersey towns along ...
Traffic 'nightmare' for New York-bound motorists, but when?
Traffic 'nightmare' for New York-bound motorists, but when?
Large wildfires are growing across the American West, keeping thousands of people out of their homes for the July 4 holiday and forcing some strict bans on fireworks to prevent new fires.
Large wildfires are growing across the American West, keeping thousands of people out of their homes for the July 4 holiday and forcing some strict bans on fireworks to prevent new fires.
(Helen H. Richardson/The Denver Post via AP). The Spring Creek Fire continues to burn in Costilla County on Tuesday, July 3, 2018 in La Veta, Colo. More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while hundreds of ot...
(Helen H. Richardson/The Denver Post via AP). The Spring Creek Fire continues to burn in Costilla County on Tuesday, July 3, 2018 in La Veta, Colo. More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while hundreds of ot...
A lot of red on July 4 as wildfires keep growing in US West
A lot of red on July 4 as wildfires keep growing in US West
Get ready to gobble! Eating titans take on July Fourth hot dog chowing contest.
Get ready to gobble! Eating titans take on July Fourth hot dog chowing contest.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win his 11th title at Nathan's hot dog eating contest.
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win his 11th title at Nathan's hot dog eating contest.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
Authorities say two people have died after a tree branch fell on a crowd of spectators during a fireworks show in western Illinois.
Authorities say two people have died after a tree branch fell on a crowd of spectators during a fireworks show in western Illinois.
A push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in sun-drenched Arizona has been met with fierce opposition from the state's largest utility.
A push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in sun-drenched Arizona has been met with fierce opposition from the state's largest utility.
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). In this photo taken Wednesday, June 27, 2018, environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at his offices in San Francisco. Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl...
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). In this photo taken Wednesday, June 27, 2018, environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at his offices in San Francisco. Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl...
The mother of a girl at the center of a medical and religious debate over brain death says she doesn't regret moving from California to New Jersey so her daughter could receive care after being declared dead.
The mother of a girl at the center of a medical and religious debate over brain death says she doesn't regret moving from California to New Jersey so her daughter could receive care after being declared dead.
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File). FILE - In this Oct. 3, 2014, file photo, Nailah Winkfield, left, and Omari Sealey, right, the mother and uncle of Jahi McMath, listen to doctors speak during a news conference in San Francisco. The mother of a girl at the...
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File). FILE - In this Oct. 3, 2014, file photo, Nailah Winkfield, left, and Omari Sealey, right, the mother and uncle of Jahi McMath, listen to doctors speak during a news conference in San Francisco. The mother of a girl at the...
Several people have hung a banner emblazoned with a message about abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty and have been arrested.
Several people have hung a banner emblazoned with a message about abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty and have been arrested.
NEW YORK (AP) - Several people who hung a banner calling for abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the Statue of Liberty's pedestal on the Fourth of July have been arrested, and authorities say a person is scaling the statue's base.
National Park Service spokesman Jerry Willis says the climber was at the base beneath the statue's foot Wednesday afternoon. Willis says police are atop the base, advising the climber to go down.
It's unclear whether the climb is related to the earlier banner demonstration.
Willis says at least six people were taken into custody then. He says federal regulations prohibit hanging banners from the monument.
The banner said "Abolish I.C.E.," referring to part of the Department of Homeland Security. ICE officers arrest and deport immigrants who are in the United States illegally, among other duties.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
× Billie Lourd breaks her silence with touching tribute to mother and grandmother
LOS ANGELES — Billie Lourd thanked her supporters Monday for giving her “strength” while dealing with the deaths of her mother, Carrie Fisher, and her grandmother, Debbie Reynolds.
The 24-year-old took to Instagram with a heartfelt message, along with an old picture.
“Receiving all of your prayers and kind words over the past week has given me strength during a time I thought strength could not exist. There are no words to express how much I will miss my Abadaba and my one and only Momby. Your love and support means the world to me.”
Lourd had not released a statement since Fisher and Reynolds died last week.
Read More: Carrie Fisher's unique obituary request was full of her humor
The family is reportedly planning a joint funeral for the actresses. No date has been announced.
© AFP 2017/ MAHMOUD TAHA Over 100 Militants Leave Syrian Homs as Part of Deal With Gov't
–
DAMASCUS (Sputnik)A group of 2,010 militants and members of their families have left the El Waer district of the Syrian city of Homs as part of a deal reached with the local authorities, a source in Homs province told Sputnik on Tuesday.
"The fifth stage of militants' withdrawal from Homs' neighborhood of El Waer. 2,010 people [including] militants and their family members left [the city]. 519 of them were militants, 117 militants decided to leave without arms," the source said.
The next stage of this process is scheduled to take place on Saturday.
Since the agreement between the Syrian government and armed forces was reached on March 13, over 8,000 people have left El Waer, including over 2,000 militants.
Syria has been in a state of civil war for six years, with government forces fighting against Syrian opposition groups striving to overthrow President Bashar Assad, and numerous extremist and terrorist groups such as the Daesh and Jabhat Fatah al Sham — both outlawed in Russia.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
THEY had right royal assistance from Prince Frederik and Princess Mary but Wild Oats XI still suffered her first loss in eight years in the SOLAS Big Boat in what could be an omen for the Sydney to Hobart.
The Mark Bradford skippered Black Jack claimed bragging rights in the annual supermaxi squirmish to go 2-1 up in a four day, state-of-origin battle with the eight-time Hobart winner.
Camera Icon Royal flushed! Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark and Princess Mary aboard Wild Oats XI during the SOLAS Big Boat Challenge. Picture: Brett Costello Picture: News Corp Australia
The last boat to achieve this feat was Alfa Romeo which went on to beat Wild Oats and win the Sydney to Hobart in 2009 and was bought and rebranded Black Jack earlier this year.
“That's what this team and machine is all about, winning the Hobart,'' said Bradford, whose goal is to steer the 100-foot lightwind specialist into history as the first Queensland line honours winner of the Australian classic.
Camera Icon Black Jack crosses the finish line ahead of Wild Oats XI. Picture: Brett Costello Picture: News Corp Australia
While the presence of the Danish royal couple, in Australia for a Christmas in Tasmania, didn't bring Wild Oats luck, Bradford said his own “celebrity trio'' contributed to his win.
“I've got my celebrity sailors, the Alinghi (America's Cup) trio aboard and they were fantastic,'' he said of tactician Brad Butterworth, Simon Daubney and Dean Phipps.
But Black Jack owner Peter Harburg said he isn't getting carried away with the victory.
Camera Icon Bowman Scott Beavis on Black Jack during the SOLAS Big Boat Challenge. Picture: Supplied
“There's an old saying, one swallow doesn't make a summer,'' he said.
‘'I know they will come back next time harder than ever and the next time is the big one, the Hobart race.''
Wild Oats has failed to finish the Sydney to Hobart due to sail damage and equipment issues the last two years but skipper Mark Richards said he and his crew aren't using these failures as motivation.
“That was yesterday. I only think about tomorrow,'' he said.
NO RIDE TO HOBERT FOR ROYALS
He went along for the ride on Sydney Harbour but Crown Prince Frederik of Denmark won't be on the Wild Oats X1 crew list of the champion racer for the Sydney to Hobart.
Dubbed the “action Prince' for his love of sporting pursuits ranging from sailing and skiing to triathlons, the Danish royal and wife Princess Mary raced aboard the 100-footer in the annual SOLAS Big Boat race on the harbour on Tuesday.
“I think that was the fastest part of the day,” Richards said of Princess Mary taking a turn at the helm during the race.
But while they bought a touch of celebrity to the yacht, they didn't bring good luck with Wild Oats beaten by her old nemesis, Black Jack, in the annual harbour joust.
Prior to the race there was speculation the Prince was using the harbour battle as a test run for the Sydney to Hobart.
“No, he's not coming with us,” Wild Oats skipper Mark Richards confirmed after the racing.
Richards raced against the Prince at Hamilton Island earlier this year when the Danish sailor took charge of the 66-footer Wild Oats X.
He has also competed in Sydney regattas on numerous occasions in the past, racing at both the Farr 40 world championships and the world Masters.
But despite his experience as a sailor he won't be going the distance in the Sydney to Hobart which starts on Boxing Day and this year has attracted a fleet in excess of 100.
TX Midland/Odessa TX Zone Forecast
TX Midland/Odessa TX Zone Forecast for Tuesday, July 3, 2018
_____
470 FPUS54 KMAF 040845
ZFPMAF
Zone Forecasts for West Texas/Southeast New Mexico
National Weather Service Midland/Odessa TX
345 AM CDT Wed Jul 4 2018
Zone forecast text represents an average of conditions over an
entire zone. For point-specific forecasts, please refer to the
Point Forecast Matrices product, issued by the National Weather
Service Office in Midland/Odessa, WMO header FOUS54 KMAF.
TXZ061-062-042115-
Ector-Midland-
Including the cities of Odessa and Midland
345 AM CDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs around 100. Southeast winds 10 to 15 mph.
.TONIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower 70s. East winds 10 to
15 mph.
.THURSDAY...Not as warm. Mostly cloudy with isolated showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the upper 80s. East winds 10 to 15 mph.
Chance of precipitation 20 percent.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows in the lower 70s. Southeast
winds 10 to 15 mph.
.FRIDAY...Increasing clouds. A 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 90s. Northeast winds 10 to
15 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Decreasing clouds. Isolated showers and
thunderstorms. Lows in the lower 70s. Chance of precipitation
20 percent.
.SATURDAY...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 90s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows in the lower 70s.
.SUNDAY...Partly cloudy with a 40 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 90s.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers
and thunderstorms. Lows in the lower 70s.
.MONDAY...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 90s.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Increasing clouds. A 20 percent chance of showers
and thunderstorms. Lows in the lower 70s.
.TUESDAY...Partly cloudy with a 40 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the mid 90s.
$$
NMZ029-033-034-TXZ045-046-050-042115-
Northern Lea County-Central Lea County-Southern Lea County-Gaines-
Dawson-Andrews-
Including the cities of Tatum, Hobbs, Lovington, Eunice, Jal,
Seminole, Lamesa, and Andrews
345 AM CDT Wed Jul 4 2018 /245 AM MDT Wed Jul 4 2018/
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs in the upper 90s. Southeast winds 10 to
15 mph.
.TONIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows around 70. East winds 10 to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY...Partly cloudy with isolated showers and
thunderstorms. Highs around 90. East winds 10 to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the upper 60s. East winds
10 to 15 mph.
.FRIDAY...Increasing clouds. Isolated showers and thunderstorms.
Highs around 90. East winds 10 to 15 mph. Chance of precipitation
20 percent.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Decreasing clouds. Isolated showers and
thunderstorms. Lows in the upper 60s.
.SATURDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs in the lower 90s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of
showers and thunderstorms. Lows in the upper 60s.
.SUNDAY...Partly cloudy with a 50 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs around 90.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers
and thunderstorms. Lows in the upper 60s.
.MONDAY...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 90s.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows in the upper 60s.
.TUESDAY...Partly cloudy. Highs in the lower 90s.
$$
TXZ047-048-051>053-042115-
Borden-Scurry-Martin-Howard-Mitchell-
Including the cities of Gail, Snyder, Stanton, Big Spring,
and Colorado City
345 AM CDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs around 101. South winds 10 to 15 mph
shifting to the southeast in the afternoon.
.TONIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower 70s. East winds 10 to
15 mph.
.THURSDAY...Not as hot. Mostly cloudy with isolated showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 90s. East winds 10 to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower 70s. East winds
10 to 15 mph.
.FRIDAY...Increasing clouds. A 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the mid 90s. Northeast winds 10 to
15 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy with isolated showers and
thunderstorms. Lows in the lower 70s. Chance of precipitation
20 percent.
.SATURDAY...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 90s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of
showers and thunderstorms. Lows in the lower 70s.
.SUNDAY...Partly cloudy with a 30 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 90s.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows in the lower 70s.
.MONDAY...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 90s.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows in the lower 70s.
.TUESDAY...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the mid 90s.
$$
TXZ075-042115-
Pecos-
Including the city of Fort Stockton
345 AM CDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs in the upper 90s. Southeast winds 10 to
15 mph.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Lows in the lower 70s. Southeast winds 10 to
15 mph.
.THURSDAY...Not as warm. Mostly cloudy with a 50 percent chance
of showers and thunderstorms. Highs in the upper 80s. East winds
10 to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear with isolated showers and
thunderstorms. Lows in the upper 60s. Southeast winds 10 to
15 mph.
.FRIDAY...Mostly sunny with a 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 90s. East winds 10 to 15 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers
and thunderstorms. Lows around 70.
.SATURDAY...Partly cloudy. Highs 88 to 94.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows around 70.
.SUNDAY...Mostly cloudy with a 50 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs 88 to 94.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Increasing clouds. A 20 percent chance of showers
and thunderstorms. Lows around 70.
.MONDAY...Mostly cloudy with a 40 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs 87 to 93.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers
and thunderstorms. Lows in the lower 70s.
.TUESDAY...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs 89 to 95.
$$
TXZ058-042115-
Reeves County and Upper Trans Pecos-
Including the city of Pecos
345 AM CDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs around 101. Southeast winds 10 to 15 mph.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Lows in the lower 70s. East winds 10 to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY...Increasing clouds. Isolated showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 90s. East winds 10 to 20 mph.
Chance of precipitation 20 percent.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear with isolated showers and
thunderstorms. Lows in the upper 60s. East winds 15 to 20 mph
decreasing to around 10 mph after midnight.
.FRIDAY...Sunny with a 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the mid 90s. East winds 10 to 15 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy with isolated showers and
thunderstorms. Lows around 70. Chance of precipitation
20 percent.
.SATURDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs in the mid 90s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows in the lower 70s.
.SUNDAY...Partly cloudy with a 30 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the mid 90s.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers
and thunderstorms. Lows around 70.
.MONDAY...Mostly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the mid 90s.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers
and thunderstorms. Lows around 70.
.TUESDAY...Mostly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the mid 90s.
$$
TXZ063-068>070-042115-
Glasscock-Crane-Upton-Reagan-
Including the cities of Garden City, Crane, McCamey, Rankin,
and Big Lake
345 AM CDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs around 100. Southeast winds 10 to 15 mph.
.TONIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower 70s. East winds 10 to
15 mph.
.THURSDAY...Not as warm. Mostly cloudy with a 20 percent chance
of showers and thunderstorms. Highs in the upper 80s. East winds
10 to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Isolated showers and
thunderstorms after midnight. Lows around 70. Southeast winds
10 to 15 mph.
.FRIDAY...Increasing clouds. A 40 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 90s. Northeast winds 10 to
15 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Decreasing clouds. A 20 percent chance of showers
and thunderstorms. Lows in the lower 70s.
.SATURDAY...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 90s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy with a 40 percent chance of
showers and thunderstorms. Lows in the lower 70s.
.SUNDAY...Mostly cloudy with a 50 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 90s.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers
and thunderstorms. Lows in the lower 70s.
.MONDAY...Mostly cloudy with a 50 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 90s.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers
and thunderstorms. Lows in the lower 70s.
.TUESDAY...Partly cloudy with a 50 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 90s.
$$
TXZ057-042115-
Van Horn and Highway 54 Corridor-
Including the city of Van Horn
345 AM CDT Wed Jul 4 2018 /245 AM MDT Wed Jul 4 2018/
.TODAY...Mostly sunny with isolated showers and thunderstorms.
Highs in the upper 90s. South winds 10 to 15 mph shifting to the
east in the afternoon.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Lows around 70. East winds 10 to 20 mph.
.THURSDAY...Mostly sunny with isolated showers and thunderstorms.
Highs in the lower 90s. East winds 15 to 20 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear with isolated showers and
thunderstorms. Lows in the upper 60s. East winds 10 to 20 mph.
.FRIDAY...Sunny with isolated showers and thunderstorms. Highs in
the lower 90s. East winds 10 to 20 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear with isolated showers and
thunderstorms. Lows in the upper 60s.
.SATURDAY...Partly cloudy. Highs in the lower 90s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows in the upper 60s.
.SUNDAY...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 90s.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers
and thunderstorms. Lows in the upper 60s.
.MONDAY...Mostly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 90s.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers
and thunderstorms. Lows in the upper 60s.
.TUESDAY...Mostly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 90s.
$$
TXZ082-042115-
Terrell-
Including the cities of Dryden and Sanderson
345 AM CDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs around 100. Southeast winds 10 to 15 mph.
.TONIGHT...Partly cloudy with isolated showers and thunderstorms.
Lows in the mid 70s. Southeast winds 10 to 15 mph. Chance of
precipitation 20 percent.
.THURSDAY...Not as warm. Mostly cloudy with a 50 percent chance
of showers and thunderstorms. Highs in the upper 80s. East winds
10 to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear with isolated showers and
thunderstorms. Lows around 70. East winds 10 to 15 mph.
.FRIDAY...Increasing clouds. A 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 90s. East winds 10 to 15 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy with a 40 percent chance of showers
and thunderstorms. Lows in the lower 70s.
.SATURDAY...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 90s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows in the lower 70s.
.SUNDAY...Mostly cloudy with a 40 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 90s.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy with a 30 percent chance of showers
and thunderstorms. Lows in the lower 70s.
.MONDAY...Mostly cloudy with a 40 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 90s.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers
and thunderstorms. Lows in the lower 70s.
.TUESDAY...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Highs in the mid 90s.
$$
44
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
Well if you talked to any sports fan in Nebraska, the likelihood that attending a Huskers football game was #1 on their list of things to do in Nebraska might be very high. But it isn't just Husker football games that make the list of things to do in Nebraska compiled by Momaha, described as the "Omaha World-Herald's online community for moms."
In fact, attending all kinds of sporting events at Nebraska were the only thing that filled out the rest of the Top 50... only kidding. Nebraska has some other great options though outside of Husker sports for a sports fan as well. You could attend a game at TD Ameritrade Stadium for the College World Series or check out a AAA baseball game and watch the Omaha Storm Chasers.
If sports aren't your thing, there are some other options on this list for your pleasure, while you visit the great state of Nebraska.
Cycle the Cowboy Trail
Go Back in Time at the Durham Museum
Stargaze at the Fred G. Dale Planetarium
Get Up Close and Personal with the Animals at the Lincoln Children's Zoo
Carhenge: Nebraska's Most Famous Roadside Attraction
Follow the Lewis and Clark Trail
Stop by Pioneer Village
Watch the Sandhill Crane Migration
Visit the Strategic Air and Space Museum
See Buffalo Bill's Wild West
You can check out the full list on their website.
See Also:
A A
At this stage in the playoffs, with a Class 1A regional berth on the line, a guaranteed trip to the Yakima Valley SunDome because of a top-8 RPI ranking and a spot in Saturday's district title game at stake, this wasn't supposed to be this easy for the La Center girls basketball team.
Yet they made it look effortless.
As coach Herm VanWeerdhuizen put it, his players put on a clinic in a 68-35 victory over Elma on Tuesday night at King's Way Christian High School.
Particularly, he was speaking about his team's defensive showing, one he called one of the better performances he's ever seen.
“This ought to be up there,” he said.
The win sends La Center (21-0) to the 1A district title game for the third straight year. The Wildcats will face 1A Evergreen Conference champion Montesano, a 67-44 winner over Hoquiam, a 7:30 p.m. Saturday at Kelso High School.
Mollie Edwards had a game-high 21 points, Taylor Mills added 19 and Taylor Stephens, the Trico League MVP, added 17, including 3 of 4 from 3-point range.
Mills also had a game-high seven rebounds and four assists.
A lot of Tuesday's performance began with Wildcats' press from tip-off that forced 13 total steals on an Elma (12-9) squad that scored 81 points in its 81-26 first-round victory over King's Way Christian.
Pretty impressive on the team that finished runner-up in the 1A Evergreen Conference.
“We just played our game,” Mills said.
La Center forced Elma into just one first-quarter field goal, seven turnovers, and after 16 minutes, led 47-16.
The game went into running clock after Mills' free throws made it 64-24 with 1 minute, 47 seconds left in the third quarter.
Mills, La Center's 6-foot-1 post, also had a game-high seven rebounds and four of the Wildcats' 12 assists on the night. Two came in the third in the high-post finding to Whitley Seter (eight points) down low to push the lead to 53-18.
How dangerous can the undefeated Wildcats be? The Bulldogs of Montesano are the next team in the Wildcats' way, as La Center seeks a repeat district title after downing Kalama, 56-53, in last year's title game.
“If we work hard every game,” Mills said, “we can be pretty dangerous.”
MOUNTAIN VIEW 47, BONNEY LAKE 41
BONNEY LAKE — Stephenson 3, T. Schelin 6, Hone 6, Mitchell 10, Jensen 2, McQueen 12, Grob 2. Totals 10 (3) 18-28 41.
MOUNTAIN VIEW — Eva Winsheimer 12, Emily VanNess 1, Dejah Wilson 0, Katie Hurst 13, Mollie Doyle 4, Arielle Pinzone 5, Gillian Murphy 2, Olivia Hood 10, Annalei Santos 0. Totals 14 (0) 19-37 47.
Bonney Lake 5 8 14 14—41
Mountain View 17 4 6 20—47
Great Lakes Invitational ContestRegister for your chance to win tickets to the 2018 Great Lakes Invitational on January 1-2 at Little Caesars Arena!
Jamie and Stoney Great Lakes Invitational Ticket GiveawayThe 53rd annual Great Lakes Invitational is coming to Little Caesars Arena on January 1-2, 2018. Michigan, Michigan State, Michigan Tech and Bowling Green will compete for the MacInnes Cup in this holiday tradition. Jamie and Stoney have your VIP access including four premium seats, a $100 gift certificate to Made in Detroit, a pre-game penalty box visit and a Great Lakes Invitational prize pack. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on December 20 from 6:00 am - 10:00 am for your chance to win.
WWJ Weekend Box Office 12/14/17 - DSO Ring Without Words
Miller Lite Appearance - Twin Peaks97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to give away Detroit Lions tickets. Come to the Twin Peaks in Southgate on December 15 from 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm for your chance to win a four-pack to see the Detroit Lions vs Green Bay on December 31 at Ford Field.
Advertisement
CHARLESTON-The West Virginia Division of Motor Vehicles (DMV), was recognized recently for winning a Communicator Award for the DMV website, through the Academy of Interactive & Visual Arts (AIVA). DMV was given this “Award of Distinction for Government Websites” for dmv.wv.gov .
According to Linda Day, Executive Director of the AIVA, “The Communicator Awards is an annual competition honoring the best in advertising, corporate communications, public relations and identity work for print, video, interactive and audio. On behalf of the entire Academy I want to applaud this year's Communicator Awards entrants and winners for their dedication to perfecting their craft as they continue to push the envelope of creativity.”
DMV Commissioner Pat Reed added, “We are excited to be recognized by the AIVA for our website, and will continue to find ways to improve and make our web site as user-friendly as possible. We are especially proud of our online services portal, as well as information regarding our new kiosks.”
Visit dmv.wv.gov, and see all the resources and online opportunities available!
Related
Comments
comments
Osaka - Chronic inflammatory disorders, including autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, involve the action of various inflammatory molecules (cytokines) produced by cells of the immune system. One such cytokine, IL-17, is produced by Th17 cells, which are white blood cells that provide host defense against pathogens, as well as mediating inflammatory reactions. Although Th17 cells are lead players in autoimmune disease, the way in which they control other inflammatory cells had been unclear.
Now, an international team of researchers led by Osaka University has used a mouse model of rheumatoid arthritis to investigate how Th17 cells interact with other cells at the site of inflammation and influence cytokine production. They reported their findings in the journal Immunity.
Several inflammatory cytokines, including IL-6 and TNFα, cause joint inflammation in rheumatoid arthritis. The disease progresses through the interaction of T cells of the immune system with specialized cells in the joint lining (synovium), which promotes the destruction of bone and cartilage. The recent development of new anti-rheumatic drugs such as TNF and IL-6 inhibitors has dramatically improved the quality of life of many patients with rheumatoid arthritis, but treatment for 30% of these patients remains a challenge. Therefore, novel therapies are eagerly awaited.
The inflammatory cytokine GM-CSF activates cells involved in innate and adaptive immune systems, which represent non-specific defense mechanisms and specific learned responses to foreign substances, respectively. GM-CSF particularly triggers scavenger white blood cells (macrophages) and immune cell messengers known as dendritic cells.
The team found that GM-CSF was crucial for the development of arthritis in the mouse model. "GM-CSF produced both by stromal cells of the connective tissue and T cells contributed to joint inflammation in the mice, but only stromal cell-derived GM-CSF was needed to initiate arthritis," study first author Keiji Hirota explains. "We also showed that stromal cells secreted GM-CSF in response to stimulation by IL-17 from inflammatory Th17 cells."
GM-CSF was also found to be secreted by a group of innate immune cells, which expanded in number within inflamed joints in response to IL-17 production by Th17 cells and other inflammatory cytokines. This contributed to the maintenance and development of rheumatoid arthritis in the mice.
"Our findings outline an inflammatory network controlled by autoimmune Th17 cells and involving stromal cells and innate immune cells, which leads to the onset and development of autoimmune arthritis," corresponding author Shimon Sakaguchi says. "By selectively removing GM-CSF-producing cells from the mouse synovium, we significantly reduced the severity of arthritis. This suggests the usefulness of developing such a novel immunotherapeutic approach that targets the cellular network to reduce chronic joint inflammation."
###
Osaka University was founded in 1931 as one of the seven imperial universities of Japan and now has expanded to one of Japan's leading comprehensive universities. The University has now embarked on open research revolution from a position as Japan's most innovative university and among the most innovative institutions in the world according to Reuters 2015 Top 100 Innovative Universities and the Nature Index Innovation 2017. The university's ability to innovate from the stage of fundamental research through the creation of useful technology with economic impact stems from its broad disciplinary spectrum.
Due to the scorching temperatures of the summer and the forecast of another severe heat wave, Local Land Services (LLS) District Veterinarian teams throughout Australia warn livestock owners of the impact of high temperatures on their livestock.
[TAMWORTH, 30/5/2018] – With high temperatures in Australia continuing, livestock owners are advised by LLC vets to follow several techniques when handling livestock during the hot weather. This includes working with livestock in the early morning or in the evening when the temperature is cooler, and ensuring access to a sufficient amount of clean drinking water throughout the day.
The Impact of Humidity and Access to Water
Dr Jillian Kelly, Central West LLS Veterinarian, states that livestock owners should consider the impact of two important points, humidity during summer and access to water points.
If, for example, the temperature is 35°C and the humidity is 10 per cent, a sheep's body temperature will reach an average 32°C; however, if the humidity reaches 50 per cent, a sheep's temperature can increase to 41°C. According to Dr Kelly, this results to damage to body tissues and extreme danger of heat stress.
If the water in rivers or dams is at a low level, livestock will crowd on the water source, stepping in the water and leaving a concentration of animal waste. This contaminates the water and increases the chances of livestock becoming bogged down in mud. If other livestock notice that the water is dirty, they may reject it. Therefore, livestock owners are advised to consider other options such as installing fences around water points or pumping water to troughs.
Providing Quality Watering Troughs to Livestock
RapidPlas offers durable tanks and accessories that are suitable for livestock watering, including high-quality water troughs for horses, cattle and sheep. For livestock owners who are planning to set up their own livestock watering system, they can purchase RapidPlas' cost-effective packages that are delivered to farms for free.
The company's range of water troughs has rims with smooth sides, which are less abrasive for the animal's legs. They provide long rectangular troughs and troughs that feature 360° access to accommodate larger numbers of animals. RapidPlas' watering troughs provide cooler and cleaner water to keep livestock hydrated.
About RapidPlas
Established in 1990, RapidPlas is a family owned business that manufactures a range of agricultural, residential and commercial polyethylene products such as rainwater tanks, fertilser tanks, feed and water troughs and other animal care products.
For more information, visit https://rapidplas.com.au.
Feb. 2, 2018 Feb. 2, 2018 John Oates has teamed up with a number of accomplished Americana musicians, known as The Good Road Band, to deliver his seventh solo album, Arkansas (Thirty Tigers). Oates is one-half of the best-selling duo of all time, Daryl Hall & John Oates, as well as a member of the Songwriters Hall of Fame. John Oates has teamed up with a number of accomplished Americana musicians, known as The Good Road Band, to deliver his seventh solo album,(Thirty Tigers). Oates is one-half of the best-selling duo of all time, Daryl Hall & John Oates, as well as a member of the Songwriters Hall of Fame. The album pays homage to the state's beautiful countryside and Oates' interest in early American music. Beginning as a tribute to Oates' musical idol, Mississippi John Hurt, the project evolved during a series of Nashville recording sessions into a unique, retrospective collection that drew from a wide range of Oates' creative influences. The title track is available at radio today and the album is available on all digital platforms.
Rolling Stone hailed Arkansas as one of the Most Anticipated Country Albums of 2018. In addition, the publication said the album “pays tribute to the voices that became before him…shining a light not only on the state's countryside, but its contributions to country music, too.” hailedas one of theIn addition, the publication said the albumpays tribute to the voices that became before him…shining a light not only on the state's countryside, but its contributions to country music, too
“Listening to the sonic flavors of Arkansas are akin to a visit to a museum where the early history of music is on display – whether that genre be country, blues, or rock.” – Billboard “Listening to the sonic flavors of Arkansas are akin to a visit to a museum where the early history of music is on display – whether that genre be country, blues, or rock.” –
“If you love roots music and want to see a lesser-known side of an American pop music master, pick up Arkansas.” – Wide Open Country
“His new album promises to be one of his best works, and that's a high bar.” – Elmore Magazine
Recorded at Addiction Sound Studios in Nashville, Arkansas was produced by Oates and David Kalmusky. The Good Road Band's impressive lineup on the record consists of Sam Bush on mandolin, Russ Pahl on pedal steel, Guthrie Trapp on electric guitar, Steve Mackey on bass, Nathaniel Smith on cello, and Josh Day on drums and percussion. With this incredible band, Oates shines a light on music from America's past long before the birth of rock ‘n' roll.
James Fields, the man accused of killing one woman and injuring 19 others when he rammed counter-protesters with his car in Charlottesville, reportedly had a long history of physical assaults and threats against his disabled mother.
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A 50-year wait for a Green Bay Packers legend is finally over. Jerry Kramer will be a Pro Football Hall of Famer.
Kramer, the right guard who helped open holes for Hall of Fame backs Paul Hornung and Jim Taylor, and protected Hall of Fame quarterback Bart Starr on five NFL championship teams, was selected from senior committee candidacy for induction into the Hall of Fame Saturday in Minneapolis.
His enshrinement will happen in August at the Hall of Fame in Canton, Ohio.
Kramer, a member of the Packers from 1958-68, will be the 14th member of the Lombardi-era Packers to receive enshrinement. That team won five NFL titles from 1961-67, a record for one franchise in a decade - and an unprecedented three titles in a row (1965-67).
The 4th round draft pick from the University of Idaho was a five-time first-team All-Pro member and a three-time Pro Bowler.
He was chosen as a member of the NFL's 50th anniversary team, the only member so far not to receive enshrinement. He also was named to the 1960's first-team All-Decade team.
Jerry Kramer getting the news from @ProFootballHOF President David Baker! #PFHOF18 pic.twitter.com/jLY0KuOPTW — Green Bay Packers (@packers) February 4, 2018
Not only was he a right guard, but with Paul Hornung injured in 1962, Kramer took over the kicking duties for the team.
In the 1962 NFL title game, he booted three field goals and an extra point, 10 of the Packers' 16 points in their 16-7 victory over the New York Giants to win their second title.
The fifth and final title put Kramer forever in the NFL spotlight, as with 16 seconds left in the "Ice Bowl" 1967 NFL title game, the incredible part he played on a double-team block of Cowboys defensive tackle Jethro Pugh (a play he says he suggested during the week) launched Bart Starr forward to the game-clinching touchdown in a 21-17 win.
That victory climaxed the Packers' third straight championship - a feat no other NFL franchise has ever accomplished.
After his retirement in 1968 and his first year of eligibility in 1974, Kramer had been passed over 43 times for candidacy for the Hall of Fame - until today.
Beautify Debbie Reynolds performing at Knott's Berry Farm in 1971 to a teaming audience that continues to mourn her death after the passing of her daughter Carrie Fisher. via Wikimedia Commons
ART NEWS
The sudden death of Debbie Reynolds after the passing of her daughter, Carrie Fisher, shows an eternal love between mother and child
Debbie Reynolds sudden death Wednesday explicates the deep bond between mother and child. Debbie suddenly took ill and died days after her daughter, actress Carrie Fisher, passed away.
Reynolds death was confirmed by her son, Todd Fisher, according to her agent, Tom Markley of the Metropolitan Talent Agency. News that Reynolds was rushed to a Los Angeles hospital came on Wednesday afternoon, and the information was that she had suffered a stroke. Many people were hoping for a quick recovery, but that was not to be. Debbie Reynolds died soon after. She was 84 years old.
Debbie Reynolds death left many people in shock. Coming soon after the death of her daughter, who passed Tuesday, her death added to an uncontrollable grief in the Hollywood community. Reynolds was making funeral plans for her dead daughter, Carrie Fisher, who had died after suffering a heart attack during a flight to Los Angeles.
The grief of losing a daughter was just too much for Debbie Reynolds. Mr. Fisher who was at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center where Reynolds was taken explained that the stress of his sister's death “was too much” for his mother. “She's is with Carrie, and we're all heartbroken.” Although both mother and daughter had their difficulties, nevertheless, their relationship was very strong until the very end.
Soon after Fisher's death, there was an outpouring of gratitude from fans from across the globe. Carrie Fisher who played the role of Princes Leia in Star Wars was 60 when she died. Known across the globe for her brilliance in this role, she was well loved.
On Twitter, Billy Dee Williams expressed sadness about the death of the Star Wars actress. I'm deeply saddened at the news of Carrie's passing. She was a dear friend, whom I greatly respected and admired. The force is dark today!” he said.
Williams melancholy is echoed by actor Peter Mayhew, who played Chewbacca in the Star Wars movie. He notes: “There are no words for this loss. Carrie was the brightest light in every room she entered. I will miss her dearly.”
A day before suffering a stroke, Debbie Reynolds was on Facebook thanking her daughter's fans for all their support. “Thank you to everyone who has embraced the gift and talents of my beloved and amazing daughter,” she wrote. “I am grateful for all your thoughts and prayers that are now guiding her to her next stop.”
Reynolds death shows what happens when a mother loses a beloved child. The deep connection between Reynolds and Fisher tells the story of the grieving mother who could not bear the pain of losing her daughter. Together, they are bonded eternally.
Debbie Reynolds came into the limelight in 1964 when she was nominated the best actress at the Academy Awards for her role in The Unsinkable Molly Brown. The rags-to-riches western musical based on a true story brought great attention to the actress.
Her performance in Singin' in the Rain (1952) remains unforgettable to many of her fans. The classic MGM musical based on 1920s moviemaking put Reynolds at center stage. Acting alongside Gene Kelly and Donald O'Connor, who were already established stars in their own rights, Debbie Reynolds held her own. She was only 19 years old. Although she had never danced professionally before the movie was made, every step was gracefully articulated.
In Tammy and the Bachelor (1957), Reynolds played the title role of a wise and witty Louisiana moonshiner's daughter. She was wide-eyed, funny and unsophisticated. Reynolds also played prominent roles in Mother, The Gazebo (1959), Say One for Me (1959), The Pleasure of His Company (1961), The Singing Nun (1966), Divorce American Style (1967), and How the West Was Won (1963). She was also in several Broadway and other stage shows, including Irene, Debbie, Woman of the Year, and Annie Get Your Gun.
Although Debbie Reynolds made a name for herself in the movies, her marriage to Eddie Fisher and the scandalous conclusion continues to be a major story. After years of marriage, Eddie Fisher suddenly left her for her best friend Elizabeth Taylor.
The made for tabloid affair began after Elizabeth Taylor's husband, producer Mike Todd, died in a private plane crash in 1958. Debbie Reynolds and Eddie Fisher went to console the widow. As best friends, it was clear to them that it was the right thing to do. Sadly, from the ashes of Todd's death grew a disgusting experience.
Soon after Mike Todd's death, Eddie Fisher left his wife Debbie Reynolds for the femme-fatale film star, Elizabeth Taylor. It was the scandal of their time. Viewed through a contemporary lens, Reynolds described relation as that between Ben Affleck and Jello.
Since Debbie Reynolds death, there has been an outpouring of condolences from friends and well-wishers. “Truly heartbroken to hear that Debbie Reynolds has died. She was a wonderful warm friend and colleague. Praying for Todd and Billie,” expressed Joan Collins on Twitter.
Ellen DeGeneres expressed sympathy for the family: “I can't imagine what Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds family are going through this week. I send all my love.”
Mary Frances Reynolds was born on April 1, 1932, in El Paso. She was resilient and survived many obstacles on her way to stardom. However, the death of her daughter was too much to bear.
Join the art conversation: Share your thoughts and comments. Facebook– Twitter–Google+
Kevin Bissett, THE CANADIAN PRESS
MONCTON, N.B. -- Every day at airports across Atlantic Canada, five government aircraft have begun to take to the sky, hunting for endangered North American right whales in a huge swath of ocean.
Spotters are covering an area of 460,000 square kilometres, and Jean-Francois Gosselin, a biologist with the Fisheries Department, said they have to be efficient.
So far this year they have spotted 27 right whales, with the goal of keeping them alive.
"The survey has been designed to look where we most expect to see those right whales. This is based on previous sightings of right whales from previous years," he said Wednesday as officials from Fisheries and Transport Canada met reporters to discuss measures to help detect and protect the whales.
The increased measures follow the deaths of 18 North Atlantic right whales in Canadian and U.S. waters last year, mainly due to collisions with ships or entanglements in fishing gear. There are believed to be fewer than 450 of the whales remaining and, of those, there are only about 100 breeding females.
The aircraft are, as weather permits, making daily flights over the Bay of Fundy, the Scotian Shelf, the Gulf of St. Lawrence and the southern coast of Newfoundland.
Gosselin said they are using high resolution cameras but are mainly relying on the skill of trained observers who will spend hours each day, staring down at the water.
"The planes are flying between 800 feet and 1,500 feet off the water and the observers are just looking out the windows and visually detecting whales," he said.
Bubble-shaped windows allow observers to look down at the water.
Hydrophones are also being used in key locations to detect the sound of the whales under the water.
Aside from the five observation aircraft, officers on fisheries patrol flights will also report whale sightings, and a plane from the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration will be looking to identify whales later this summer.
Gosselin said they hope to improve management methods for this year and coming years.
"The objective of the aerial surveillance is to provide estimates of abundance and presence of right whales in the shipping lanes and the fishing areas," he said.
"Also there's a science objective to have a more global understanding of the occurrence, distribution and abundance of right whales through the season on the east coast of Canada."
Six fishing areas in the Gulf of St. Lawrence were closed to several fisheries as of May 22, including snow crab, rock crab and lobster.
The department is enforcing a static closure zone in the Gulf of St. Lawrence along New Brunswick's northern coast until June 30.
DFO is also enforcing dynamic management closures, which will shut down fishing activities for a minimum of 15 days when there is the confirmed presence of North Atlantic right whales.
Fishermen have expressed concerns over the financial impact of the closures, and Gosselin said observers on the planes know the impact of their reports and how important it is to be accurate.
"That's why we want to make sure we've done the training properly and we want to make sure that we are detecting the animals," he said.
"That's why we are circling back to identify the right whale properly before we transmit the information to Transport Canada and the Fisheries managers to shut down fishing zones or reduce the speed in shipping lanes," he said.
BEIJING (Sputnik) - China is opposed to any potential trade war between it and the United States, since neither side would win if they engaged in one, Premier of the Chinese State Council Li Keqiang said Tuesday.
"Lately there has been a lot of talk about a potential trade war between the United States and China, however, we believe that if such a war began between the United States and China it would serve no purpose, neither side would win," Li said.
According to the Chinese premier, the very term "trade war" contradicts the principles of trade relations, which are based on consultations and dialogue.
"I hope both sides will remain rational and will not make any spontaneous decisions in order to avoid a trade war," the premier added.
READ MORE: US-China Trade War Fears Grow: 'It Would Mean Slower Growth in Both Countries'
US President Donald Trump has been working on a new US trade policy in order to make US trade relations more advantageous for Washington. In terms of relations with China, the United States introduced anti-dumping and countervailing duties on China's aluminum foil imports in February. The Chinese Ministry of Commerce expressed its strong disappointment with this decision.
Earlier in March, Trump announced a plan to impose duties on all steel and aluminum imports.
Lyle Shelton has stepped down as managing director of the Australian Christian Lobby to pursue a career in federal politics.
Mr Shelton, a key figure in the fight against same-sex marriage, will move from Canberra to his home state of Queensland to prepare for the next federal election.
"Last year during the marriage campaign I felt very much drawn to the political side of things, to the partisan side of politics," he said.
"I'm not leaving the battle for the values that you and I hold dear - just simply going to a different part of the battlefield."
Mr Shelton said he would announce more specifics about his tilt at parliament in coming days.
He is expected to join Cory Bernardi's Australian Conservatives party.
His former chief of staff Martyn Iles will take over as managing director of the ACL.
"There's never been more pressure on people of faith and on the church simply for living out our timeless convictions," Mr Iles said.
"Therefore there's never been a more crucial time in history in Australia for the church and for Christian people to continue to engage with law and with politics and with culture."
Hemostats and Tissue Sealants Market report provides the latest market data along with industry future trends, which keeps tracking of users driving revenue growth rate of Hemostats and Tissue Sealants Market by product type (hemostats, tissue sealants) market status and outlook of global and major regions, from manufacturers, and end industries. As this report is expected to help key players among the Hemostats and Tissue Sealants Market it includes the five years Industry analysis and the 6 years annual forecast from 2017 to 2023. Some of the prominent participants in the Global Hemostats and Tissue Sealants Market are Advanced Medical Solutions Group, Plc., 3M, ADCO Global, Inc., Dymax Corporation, Johnson & Johnson (Ethicon) and Baxter. The global hemostats and tissue sealants market is projected to grow with a CAGR between 8.5% and 9.0% during 2017-2023.
Get free Sample Pages of this Premium Report :- https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/789
Market Growth will be driven by Rising Number of Surgeries Worldwide, Wide Range of Applications, Patient Safety and Quick Recovery, and Technology Advancement to Improve Overall Survival Rates
The global hemostats and tissue sealants market was sized over USD 2.54 billion in 2015. The global hemostats and tissue sealants market is projected to grow with a CAGR between 8.5% and 9.0% during 2017-2023. Increasing in the number of surgeries worldwide, wide range of applications, patient safety and quick recovery, and technology advancement are some of the key factors driving the growth of global hemostats and tissue sealants market. Moreover, lack of awareness about these devices is a primary restraining factor in the world hemostats and tissue sealants market. The medical devices need to go under several examinations before they get approved thus there are strict regulatory rules to control are some of the key factors restraining the growth of this market. Increasing popularity of MI procedures, Development of new tissue sealants and hemostats are likely to bring more opportunities to this market.
Segments Covered:
The report segments the hemostats and tissue sealants market by product type and by region. Market segmentation based on product type includes hemostats and tissue sealants. Flowable hemostats, Mechanical hemostats, Active hemostats are sub segment of hemostats. Tissue sealants are subbed segmented into synthetic sealants, fibrin sealants and other natural sealants. Furthermore, the fibrin sealants have a wide range of medical applications.
Americas was the Largest Market among the Geographies in 2015
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as Americas, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. In this section the key trends and market size for each geography is provided over the period of 2015 – 2023.Americas was the largest market among the geographies in 2015. The U.S and Canada are contributor's major revenue, due to increase in the number of outpatient surgical facilities and surge in the number of MI surgeries. Furthermore, Europe is the second largest market for hemostats and tissue sealants. Germany has dominated the Europe market as the country is experiencing a considerable rise in elderly population. Asia Pacific is expected to grow at the highest CAGR rate over the forecast period due to increasing investment in healthcare industry by governments in China and Japan.
Major Key Players Covered in this Premium Report
The companies covered in the report include Abbott Laboratories, Advanced Medical Solutions Group, Plc., 3M, ADCO Global, Inc., Dymax Corporation, Johnson & Johnson (Ethicon) and Baxter.
Report Highlights:
The report provides deep insights on demand forecasts, market trends and micro and macro indicators. In addition, this report provides insights on the factors that are driving and restraining the demand of hemostats and tissue sealants globally as well as regionally. Moreover, IGR-Growth Matrix analysis given in the report brings an insight on the investment areas that existing or new market players can consider. The report provides insights into the market using analytical tools such as Porter's five forces analysis and DRO analysis of hemostats and tissue sealants.Moreover, the study highlights current market trends and provides forecast from 2017 to 2023. We also have highlighted future trends in the hemostats and tissue sealants market that will impact the demand during the forecast period. Moreover, the competitive analysis given in each regional market brings an insight on the market strategies of the leading players. This report will help manufacturers, suppliers and distributors of the hemostats and tissue sealants market to understand the present and future trends in this market and formulate their strategies accordingly.
Table of Contents:
1. Preface
1.1 Report Description
1.2 Research Methods
1.3 Research Approaches
2. Executive Summary
3. Global Hemostats and Tissue Sealants Market Overview
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Market Dynamics
3.2.1 Drivers
3.2.2 Restraints
3.2.3 Opportunities
3.3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.4 IGR – Growth Matrix Analysis
3.5 Competitive Landscape in the Hemostats and Tissue Sealants Market
4. Global Hemostats and Tissue Sealants Market by Product Type (USD Million) 2017 – 2023
4.1 Hemostats
4.1.1 Flowable Hemostats
4.1.2 Mechanical Hemostats
4.1.3 Active Hemostats
4.2 Tissue sealants
4.2.1 Synthetic Sealants
4.2.2 Fibrin Sealants
4.2.3 Other Natural Sealants
5. Global Hemostats and Tissue Sealants Market Analysis, by Region (USD Million) 2017 – 2023
5.1 Americas
5.1.1 Americas Hemostats and Tissue Sealants Market by Product Type (USD Million)
5.1.2 Americas Hemostats and Tissue Sealants Market by Country (USD Million)
5.2 Europe
5.2.1 Europe Hemostats and Tissue Sealants Market by Product Type (USD Million)
5.2.2 Europe Hemostats and Tissue Sealants Market by country (USD Million)
5.3 Asia-Pacific
5.3.1 Asia-Pacific Hemostats and Tissue Sealants Market by Product Type (USD Million)
5.3.2 Asia-Pacific Hemostats and Tissue Sealants Market by Country (USD Million)
5.4 Rest of the World (RoW)
5.4.1 RoW Hemostats and Tissue Sealants Market by Product Type (USD Million)
5.4.2 RoW Hemostats and Tissue Sealants Market by Sub-region(USD Million)
6. Company Profiles
6.1 Abbott Laboratories
6.2 Advanced Medical Solutions Group, Plc.,
6.3 3M
6.4 ADCO Global, Inc.
6.5 Dymax Corporation
6.6 Johnson & Johnson (Ethicon)
6.7 Baxter
6.8 Other Companies in Hemostats and Tissue Sealants Market
Browse Detailed TOC, Description and Companies Mentioned in Report @
https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/healthcare_medical_devices/global_hemostats_and_tissue_sealants_market
Irie Love is out with a new single called "Made in the Islands" The song talks about her being a proud island girl. It is also a collaboration with Hinano's new clothing lines.
Copyright 2017. Hawaii News Now. All Rights Reserved.
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works Pause
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting, explains motive
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
1:52 Phil Kornblut: The message Muschamp must sell on recruiting trail
6:35 Hurst, Allen-Williams with key takeaways from bowl game
1:53 911 call from domestic incident involving S.C. legislator Chris Corley
DETROIT (AP) – Security experts believe high-security measures like metal detectors have made urban school districts like Detroit, Chicago, Los Angeles and New York are less prone to mass shootings. Most incidents have occurred in suburban and rural districts.
Alondra Alvarez lives about five minutes from her high school on Detroit's southwest side, but she drives there instead of walking because of her mother fears for her safety. Once the 18-year-old enters the building, her surroundings take on a more secure feel almost immediately as she passes through a bank of carefully monitored metal detectors.
“My mom has never been comfortable with me walking to school. My mom is really scared of street thugs,” said Alvarez, who attends Western International.
As schools around the U.S. look for ways to impose tougher security measures in the wake of last month's school shooting in Parkland, Florida, that left 17 people dead, they don't have to look further than districts that installed metal detectors and other security in the 1980s and 1990s to combat gang and drug violence.
Officials in some suburban and rural school districts are now considering detectors as they rethink their security plans after the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, where 19-year-old former student Nikolas Cruz allegedly brought in a duffel bag containing an assault rifle and opened fire. He's charged with 17 counts of first-degree murder and 17 counts of attempted murder.
The massacre has galvanized thousands of students around the country who walked out of their classrooms for 17 minutes — one for each Parkland victim — on March 14 to protest gun violence.
“I think urban schools are eons ahead. They've been dealing with violence a lot longer than suburban schools,” said Philip Smith, president of the National African American Gun Association.
During the mid-1980s, Detroit was one of the first districts in the nation to put permanent, walk-through metal detectors in high schools and middle schools. New York schools also had them in some buildings.
By 1992, metal detectors had been installed in a few dozen Chicago high schools. And in 1993, under pressure to make schools safer, Los Angeles' district announced that it would randomly search students with metal detectors.
Such measures “are designed to identify and hopefully deter anybody from bringing a weapon to school, but metal detectors alone portray an illusion of being safe,” said Nikolai Vitti, superintendent of the 50,000-student Detroit Public Schools Community District.
“Our schools need to be safer than they are,” Vitti said. “As a nation, we need to fully fund and make sure all districts can adequately staff school resource officers and also offer mental health and first-aid training to all educators.”
Security measures don't always keep guns off school grounds. A 17-year-old high school senior was killed, and another student wounded March 7 in a Birmingham, Alabama, classroom shooting. Metal detectors at the school were not in use that day. A 17-year-old student has been charged with manslaughter.
Two students were shot, and three people suffered other injuries in February when a gun in a backpack accidentally fired inside a Los Angeles Unified School District middle school. The district does random metal-detector wand searches daily in middle schools and high schools. A 12-year-old girl has been charged with being a minor in possession of a firearm and having a weapon on school grounds.
In response to the Parkland shooting, Florida's governor has said he wants to spend $500 million to increase law enforcement and mental health counselors at schools, to make buildings more secure with metal detectors and to create an anonymous tip line.
A package of legislation passed by the New York state Senate includes provisions for metal detectors and improved security technology in schools. A parent in Knox County, Kentucky, has said his law office would donate $25,000 for metal detectors in schools there.
Alvarez, the student at Detroit's Western International, said she and others who attend the school go through metal detectors every morning. Her elementary and middle schools also had metal detectors.
“I've always seen it as something that made me feel safe,” she said, adding that all schools should have them and not just inner-city ones “so students don't feel discriminated against.”
Metal detectors are seen as a symptom of a “stigma that already exists,” said Mark Fancher, staff attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union of Michigan's Racial Justice Project.
“There is a presumption that urban schools — particularly those with students of color — are violent places and security demands you have procedures in place that are intended to protect the safety of the students,” Fancher said.
But metal detectors, property searches, security guards and police in schools create conditions similar to those found in prisons, he said.
“Students, themselves, internalize these things,” Fancher said. “If you create a school that looks like a prison, the people who go there will pretty much decide that's what is expected of them.”
Many urban districts have a more significant awareness and sensitivity when it comes to students' needs, said Kenneth Trump, president of the Cleveland-based National School Safety and Security Services, a K-12 security consulting firm.
“I think in urban schools, the approach of most of the educators, administrators and security personnel is, ‘We realize there are issues kids bring to school,'” said Trump, who has been in the school safety field for more than 30 years. “The people will tell you, ‘We are not in denial … we acknowledge our problems. We just don't have enough resources to deal with it.'”
Suburban and rural administrators, parents, and students often view themselves as different from their big-city counterparts, and that may impact how they treat school security, he said.
“There's very often that divide of ‘There's us and there's them. We're not the urban district. We are the alternative. We're the place people go to get away from the urban district,'” he said.
[India] May 31 (ANI): Maharashtra cabinet's Agriculture Minister Pandurang Pundalik Fundkar on Thursday after suffering a cardiac arrest.
Fundkar who was admitted in K.J. Somaiya Hospital Mumbai since 2 days suffered a heart attack in the wee hours of Thursday morning.
Doctors tried to revive him but to no avail.
Fundkar was a diabetic patient.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi paid his condolences and said that Fundkar was at the forefront of working towards the welfare of farmers.
"Saddened by the demise of Maharashtra's Agriculture Minister Shri Pandurang Fundkar. He made an invaluable contribution towards building the BJP in Maharashtra. He was also at the forefront of serving the farmers of the state. My thoughts are with his family and supporters," tweeted Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The senior Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader was elected in Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis's cabinet in July 2016. (ANI)
Swansea's Danae McNeal reflects on big junior season Swansea junior Danae McNeal discusses her junior season and helping her team to the Class 3A Lower State championship game. Lou Bezjak ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Swansea junior Danae McNeal discusses her junior season and helping her team to the Class 3A Lower State championship game. Lou Bezjak
THREE-TIME MAJOR winner Padraig Harrington has declared his interest in captaining Europe at the 2020 Ryder Cup.
Harrington has played in six European Ryder Cup teams and has been a vice-captain under Paul McGinley in 2014 and Darren Clarke two years later.
The 46-year-old is expected to be named by current European skipper Thomas Bjorn as a vice-captain for the next edition of the Ryder Cup against the United States in France in September.
But Harrington has his sights set on being Europe's captain for the 2020 tournament, especially because he would be aged 55 by the 2026 Ryder Cup.
He believes it would be too risky to wait until then, given he would be a good many years away from the main European Tour.
“I would love to be a Ryder Cup Captain down the road,” Harrington told reporters on Tuesday.
I see my game at the moment that putting my name in the ring to be Ryder Cup Captain is coming sooner rather than later as it does not look like I will be playing my way into this year's team.
“But as regards to 2026, it's too late for me to wait. It would be too much of a risk.
“I would be somewhat out-of-touch with players by 2026 and there would a lot of good players coming on the scene by 2026.”
Harrington has the pedigree to lead Europe's top stars after winning two British Open titles and the PGA Championship during his career.
The 2020 Ryder Cup is to be staged at Whistling Straits in Wisconsin and it would pit Harrington possibly up against the likes of England's Lee Westwood and Scotland's Paul Lawrie for the captaincy.
There are good players who are playing now who will be looking for the captaincy in 2026,” Harrington added.
“It would me creating a risk that I might not get the job.
“So, I don't think I will be waiting around for 2026 as much as I would love to be the captain in Ireland but I think the risk would far outweigh the reward of waiting.
“It would be just good timing for me in terms of my career to be the captain in 2020.”
- © AFP 2018
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite him from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
The next company in the unending lineup of spring smartphone launches is LG, which has promised us a May 2 launch for its next flagship phone. After the LG G6, everyone was expecting the next phone to be called the LG G7, but LG is throwing us a branding curve ball and going with the much more awkward name of "LG G7 ThinQ."
The design of the G7 ThinQ has been no secret. The basics leaked all the way back in February at Mobile World Congress, but now, thanks to Evan Blass, we have our clearest look yet at the new device.
Further Reading LG G6 review: LG's “personal best” still can't compare to Samsung The image shows pretty much what we were expecting: a front design with an iPhone X-style notched display, rear dual-camera design, and the weird ThinQ branding. This new leak shows the phone from every angle, allowing us to see the USB-C port on the bottom along with the returning headphone jack.
The button layout looks to be different this year on LG's flagship. LG has typically gone with a rear fingerprint reader that has a physical click action, allowing it to double as a power button. Every leak we've seen of the G7 so far includes a traditional side-mounted power button, so presumably LG is going with a regular, non-clicky fingerprint reader. Also surprising: a whole other extra side button. According to a report from Cnet, this button will launch the Google Assistant.
The rumored specs are pretty standard for a 2018 flagship: a Snapdragon 845 processor, 4GB of RAM, a 3000mAh battery, and a six-inch, 3120×1440 display.
With a May 2 launch, we'll know more about the G7 in a little over a week.
By AFP - Feb 03,2018 - Last updated at Feb 03,2018
This file photo taken on December 17, 2017, shows a military aircraft performing near flares during Qatar's national day celebrations in Doha (AFP photo)
DOHA — Since the Qatar diplomatic crisis started, one response by the emirate has become increasingly clear — Doha is using its extraordinary wealth to fund a massive push in defence spending.
A flurry of military contracts have followed since Saudi Arabia and its allies dramatically cut all ties with Qatar last June, accusing the 2022 World Cup host of sponsoring terrorism and cosying up to Riyadh's bitter regional rival, Iran.
Isolated by and increasingly vulnerable to its more powerful neighbours, Qatar has in the past eight months subsequently announced military contracts worth some $25 billion (20 billion euros).
"While Qatar's defence spending has been increasing for a number of years, the more recent spending surge appears to be directly related to the crisis," says David Roberts, assistant professor at King's College London.
Doha bought F-15 planes from the United States barely a fortnight after the crisis began and at the same time as US President Donald Trump appeared to take the Saudis' side in the dispute.
In December it signed a Rafale fighter jet deal with France during a visit to Qatar by French President Emmanuel Macron.
That deal caused consternation among some officials in Britain — desperate for its own bilateral deal as it negotiates its withdrawal from the European Union — until days later London too signed an agreement to supply Typhoon jets to the Qatari air force.
Britain will also supply air security during 2022.
Last month it was announced that Qatar was in talks to buy Russian air defence missiles.
Sandwiched between the air force deals, Qatar, bordered on three sides by water, also negotiated a multibillion-dollar contract to buy seven Italian navy vessels.
Invasion fears
There has also been military diplomacy.
In the past few days Qatar's defence minister, Khalid Bin Mohammed Al Attiyah, has said the emirate also wants to host the US navy.
It is already home to the largest US airbase in the Middle East, Al Udeid, which houses some 10,000 American troops.
And Turkey, which also has a military base in Qatar, could also deploy naval forces there.
Symbolically, during December's National Day celebrations, Qatari troops paraded with recently acquired Chinese short-range ballistic missiles.
"It's a massive investment into the military," says Andreas Krieg, a military adviser to the Qatari government until last year.
This huge leap in spending — until 2013 Qatar was spending around $3 billion a year on defence, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute — reflects Doha's fear of invasion especially at the beginning of the crisis.
Qatari officials admit privately they were stunned when the crisis began, taken completely unaware by the Saudi-led states.
Despite the sometimes bizarre nature of the crisis — Doha flying in thousands of cows, protest songs and Qatar missing from a map at the Louvre Abu Dhabi — fears of invasion initially ran very deep.
"There was concern that the initial diplomatic and economic measures imposed on Qatar on June 5 might be the prelude for military action," says Kristian Ulrichsen, a fellow at the Baker Institute for Public Policy at Rice University in the United States.
Krieg adds that Qatar's fear of invasion stretches back to 2014 when Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain abruptly pulled their ambassadors from Qatar.
Their dispute was resolved — or at least papered over until last summer — but its impact is not forgotten.
Expect the unexpected
Qatar's Emir Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al Thani took over from his father Sheikh Hamad Bin Khalifa Al Thani just months before that dispute.
A former member of the Qatari air force who attended Britain's Sandhurst military training academy, Sheikh Tamim broke from his father's policies and poured more of his country's gas riches into defence spending.
"The military had been underfunded for many decades," says Krieg.
"Regardless of the crisis, there was always a demand to get new equipment for the air force, navy and land forces."
Roberts adds: "I think Qatar's leaders are trying to expect the unexpected.
"So while they may feel that a military action is unlikely, their expectations have been consistently wrong thus far, so Qatar needs to plan for the worst."
Military contracts also have value beyond mere weaponry — and for Qatar it's also a way of diplomacy, cementing its relations with key countries.
Lolwa Al Khater, foreign ministry spokeswoman, told AFP that bilateral defence deals help to "strengthen these partnerships".
Roberts adds they "deeply intertwine" Qatar's security with Washington, Paris or London.
"Qatar wants these states to have an increasingly direct stake in Qatar's security and stability," he says.
But despite the spending, Qatar's military capabilities pale into comparison to those of Saudi Arabia and the UAE.
Ultimately its long-term security may depend on another investment — Al Udeid.
"We shouldn't underestimate that the greatest guarantor is Al Udeid," says Krieg, referring to the presence of US troops at the base on its territory.
The MOU is for the construction of an industrial park in Banaybanay town which will feature a 1,200-megawatt liquified natural gas combined cycle power plant, among other facilities
Published 3:38 PM, March 20, 2018
DAVAO CITY, Philippines – Davao Oriental has signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with a Hong Kong-based foreign firm for a $27-billion industrial park that a neighboring province thumbed down last year.
Davao Oriental Governor Nelson Dayanghirang and Bill Shen, Pionaire Finance Limited president, signed the MOU in a ceremony at the Marco Polo Hotel in Davao City on Tuesday, March 20.
“Hopefully with this investment in Davao Oriental, it will have an impact especially on employment,” said Dayanghirang.
Under the MOU, a 1,500- hectare industrial park will be constructed in Banaybanay, a Davao Oriental municipality facing the Davao Gulf, making it ideal for the project. Part of the plan is to establish an international port for cargo vessels.
The project includes a liquified natural gas storage and processing facility, oil refinery and petrochemical plant, oil, tanking, and a 1,200-megawatt LNG combined cycle power plant, among others.
Studying the project's feasibility took 10 years, according to Maydeeh Libago, executive assistant to Pionare CEO Asslan Jaku, who also took part in the MOU signing.
The MOU was signed after the Davao Oriental provincial council passed a resolution authorizing the governor to enter into an agreement with Pionaire.
Pionaire's partners were at the event, among them the Mettalurgical China Corporation, Shandong Electric Consulting Institute, China Petroleum and Chemical Corporation, and Dezhou Chemtics Chemical Company Limited, which gave presentations about the project on the same day.
“We're looking [at] 10,000 jobs for Davao Oriental and for [other] provinces,” Libago said at a press briefing before the event.
'Blacklisted' in Davao Occidental
The project by far the biggest investment in Davao Oriental, which opened its arms to the project after Davao Occidental terminated its agreement with Pionaire and blacklisted the firm from doing operating in the province last year.
In October 2017, the Davao Occidental provincial government terminated its MOU with Pionaire on the same project after it discovered that the firm was reportedly asking for an accreditation fee of around $4,000 from prospect contractors. Pionaire denied the accusation and said the MOU was terminated because of "land use issues."
Pionaire was also entangled in controversy in 2016, when PNOC Exploration Corporation (PNOC-EC) officials were accused of implementing an alleged “highly anoumalous” petroleum trading contract with the firm, despite a 2015 order by then Executive Secretary Paquito Ochoa Jr to hold in abeyance its MOU with Pionaire.
A year later in 2017, the firm signed a trilateral deal with PNOC-EC and Rosneft for the development of various oil projects in the country at the XXI St.Petersburg International Economic Forum in Russia. – Rappler.com
Advertisement
Fans of antique and classic cars in the capital city area are about to get “wheel” excited.
The annual Charleston Boulevard Rod Run and Doo Wop rolls into town this week, and Kanawha Boulevard will be lined with hundreds of pampered rides that are the pride and joy of their owners.
Vehicles rumbled into Southridge Centre at Cabela's from 5 p.m. to 9 p.m. Wednesday, Oct. 4, for a “cruise-in.”
Organizers said the car show will then pack Kanawha Boulevard from Capitol Street to Magic Island Thursday through Sunday. Offerings will include concerts, vendors and concessions, fireworks and various car show competitions.
The car show opens at 8 a.m. Thursday and will feature the following music — doo wop, rock'n'roll and golden hits featuring Noel Richardson at 7 p.m.; The Pennington Project at 7:30 p.m.; and The Esquires at 8:30 p.m.
On Friday, the car show opens at 8 a.m. and will feature the following music — doo wop, rock'n'roll and golden hits featuring Noel Richardson at 7 p.m. and the Audio Outlaws at 7:30 p.m.
Saturday's car show also opens at 8 a.m. Highlights will include monster truck action beginning at 3:15 p.m. at Magic Island and the following music – Crimson Conspiracy II at 7:30 p.m. and Dressed to Kill at 8:30 p.m. Fireworks will cap off the evening.
The car show wraps up on Sunday, opening at 8 a.m. and offering an automotive swap meet from 8 a.m. to noon on the Boulevard and a worship service at 10 a.m. on the Schoenbaum Stage.
For a full schedule, click here.
Related
Comments
comments
Pink asked Garnier to step down from the witness stand and describe what happened next, using a table to imitate the mattress on the pullout.
He stood directly in front of the jury and walked backwards toward a rectangular table behind him, saying that he was leading Campbell to the bed and that she was walking backwards toward it.
He lay down on the table, saying Campbell's head was at the foot end of the mattress. He leaned on his right side to describe how he was situated next to Campbell on her left side.
He said she asked him to slap her.
"I did it three times, fast," said Garnier, adding that he wasn't looking at her because, "I was uncomfortable and embarrassed about what I was doing."
He said his forearm was across her neck, and that he felt his arm getting wet, and saw blood.
Garnier said he went to get a towel and when he returned, she wasn't moving. He said he shook her shoulders and saw her open her eyes and gasp.
"I could hear air come out of her lungs," Garnier said.
Garnier said he then vomited.
He said the image of Campbell lying motionless on the pullout couch was imprinted in his mind.
He said at the time, he stepped back and repeated to himself, "She's dead."
He has pleaded not guilty to the second-degree murder of the Truro, N.S., police constable and interfering with a dead body.
Garnier told the jury he doesn't remember putting Campbell in a wheeled compost bin, to dispose of her body near Halifax's Macdonald Bridge.
He said when police first showed him surveillance footage from that morning of a man rolling a compost bin away from the McCully Street flat, "It was like watching somebody else in my body."
Garnier said the next thing he recalls is looking up and seeing the pillars of the ramp leading up to the bridge, and then his friend Mitch Devoe waking him up the next day back at the apartment.
He said he does not recall walking through the city's north end with a compost bin, or what happened to the mattress from the pullout couch. The jury has heard that the mattress has never been found.
He said he drove through the north end and by the bridge numerous times, trying to piece together what happened. He was arrested in the early hours of Sept. 16, 2015, after driving by the area where her body was found off Valour Way.
During cross-examination, Crown attorney Christine Driscoll noted that Garnier told police during an interrogation that he hit Campbell with his fist and choked her.
Garnier said he didn't tell them about Campbell asking him to choke her because "They would think I was just trying to blame it on her."
"Well you're blaming her today, aren't you," Driscoll said.
Garnier said he was telling the officers what they wanted to hear, and believed them when they repeatedly told him things like it was an accident and mistake.
"At that point it was the only thing getting me out of that room," Garnier said.
He also conceded that he did not perform CPR on Campbell, despite his training as a firefighter, and that he did not call 911.
Garnier also read aloud the letter he wrote to Campbell's family during the interrogation, crying as he said he was sorry for what happened and that he meant everything he wrote.
"If I could talk to her family I would say that I am sorry," he said through tears, briefly glancing in the direction of Campbell's family sitting in the courtroom gallery.
The Canadian Press
March 31 Sinosoft Technology Group Ltd :
* Company as issuer and a state-owned company established in PRC as potential subscriber , entered into a MOU
* Subscription price payable by potential subscriber will be at premium of closing price of shares of co on date of signing of MOU
* Deal pursuant to which parties agreed to enter into further negotiation regarding possible subscription of new shares of co Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Philadelphia, May 30, 2018 Biological Psychiatry has published a new study revising the outdated estimates of the prevalence of eating disorders in the United States (US). The new estimates were based on a nationally-representative sample of 36,309 adults--the the largest national sample of US adults ever studied. The findings estimate that 0.80 percent of US adults will be affected by anorexia nervosa in their lifetime; 0.28 percent will be affected by bulimia nervosa; and 0.85 percent will be affected by binge eating disorder.
Importantly, the study provides the first prevalence estimates using the current definitions of eating disorders. Although the diagnostic criteria for several common eating disorders were changed with the 2013 publication of the "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM)-5", the rates of eating disorders hadn't been studied since 2007.
"Our study confirms that eating disorders are common, are found in both men and women and across ethnic/racial groups, occur throughout the lifespan, and are associated with impairments in psychosocial functioning," said first author Tomoko Udo, PhD, of University at Albany, New York. Dr. Udo conducted the study alongside Carlos Grilo, PhD, of Yale University School of Medicine.
"The prevalence and impact of eating disorders continues to be underestimated in society. This definitive study should guide both research and policy development," said John Krystal, Editor of Biological Psychiatry.
The data analyzed in the study were from the 2012-2013 National Epidemiologic Survey Alcohol and Related Conditions (NESARC-III). In addition to lifetime estimates, the study found that 12-month estimates for anorexia nervosa, bulimia nervosa, and binge eating disorder were 0.05 percent, 0.14 percent, and 0.44 percent, respectively. The rates of anorexia nervosa were similar to previous estimates, but the researchers were surprised to find the rates of bulimia nervosa and binge eating disorder were lower than previous estimates.
"Many researchers and clinicians expected higher estimates than earlier studies as a result of 'loosening' of diagnostic criteria for eating disorders," said Dr. Udo, referring to the changes made to criteria in the DSM-5. She added that more large-scale epidemiological studies will be needed to explain the reason for these unexpected findings and to better understand the impact of changes in diagnostic criteria.
The disorders occurred across different ages and were persistent, lasting for years. The study also reported that the eating disorders included in analysis often interfere with normal daily activities and social relationships. According to Dr. Udo, the findings show that eating disorders represent an important public health problem and demonstrate the importance of screening for eating disorders across all socio-demographic groups. "Binge eating disorder, a new 'formal' diagnosis in the DSM-5, is especially important to screen for and identify, as it is associated with substantially increased risk for obesity yet often goes unrecognized," she said.
"In many communities, specialty treatment for eating disorders is not as easily accessible as for other psychiatric and medical conditions, and thus improving access to care is an important priority for healthcare systems," said Dr. Udo.
###
Notes for editors
The article is "Prevalence and Correlates of DSM-5 Eating Disorders in Nationally Representative Sample of United States Adults," by Tomoko Udo and Carlos M. Grilo (https:/ / doi. org/ 10. 1016/ j. biopsych. 2018. 03. 014 ). It appears in Biological Psychiatry, published by Elsevier.
Copies of this paper are available to credentialed journalists upon request; please contact Rhiannon Bugno at Biol.Psych@UTSouthwestern.edu or +1 214 648 0880. Journalists wishing to interview the authors may contact Tomoko Udo at tschaller@albany.edu or +1 518 486 5572.
The authors' affiliations and disclosures of financial and conflicts of interests are available in the article.
John H. Krystal, MD, is Chairman of the Department of Psychiatry at the Yale University School of Medicine, Chief of Psychiatry at Yale-New Haven Hospital, and a research psychiatrist at the VA Connecticut Healthcare System. His disclosures of financial and conflicts of interests are available here.
About Biological Psychiatry
Biological Psychiatry is the official journal of the Society of Biological Psychiatry, whose purpose is to promote excellence in scientific research and education in fields that investigate the nature, causes, mechanisms and treatments of disorders of thought, emotion, or behavior. In accord with this mission, this peer-reviewed, rapid-publication, international journal publishes both basic and clinical contributions from all disciplines and research areas relevant to the pathophysiology and treatment of major psychiatric disorders.
The journal publishes novel results of original research which represent an important new lead or significant impact on the field, particularly those addressing genetic and environmental risk factors, neural circuitry and neurochemistry, and important new therapeutic approaches. Reviews and commentaries that focus on topics of current research and interest are also encouraged.
Biological Psychiatry is one of the most selective and highly cited journals in the field of psychiatric neuroscience. It is ranked 6th out of 142 Psychiatry titles and 10th out of 258 Neurosciences titles in the Journal Citations Reports® published by Thomson Reuters. The 2016 Impact Factor score for Biological Psychiatry is 11.412.
About Elsevier
Elsevier is a global information analytics business that helps institutions and professionals advance healthcare, open science and improve performance for the benefit of humanity. Elsevier provides digital solutions and tools in the areas of strategic research management, R&D performance, clinical decision support and professional education, including ScienceDirect, Scopus, SciVal, ClinicalKey and Sherpath. Elsevier publishes over 2,500 digitized journals, including The Lancet and Cell, more than 38,000 e-book titles and many iconic reference works, including Gray's Anatomy. Elsevier is part of RELX Group, a global provider of information and analytics for professionals and business customers across industries. http://www. elsevier. com
Media contact
Rhiannon Bugno
Editorial Office, Biological Psychiatry
+1 214 648 0880
Biol.Psych@UTSouthwestern.edu
2:08
Boys' Player of Year: Jalek Felton shines in lone season for Gray Collegiate
1:13
Girls' Player of Year: Dreher's Murray has big year despite team's struggles
3:21
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A 21-year-old in Fresno, California, gets points for being patient enough to successfully make a popular superhero movie available to all via his social media presence, but loses those points because: how could he be so silly?
Trevon Maurice Franklin, with the not-so-clandestine Facebook username of Tre-Von M. King, was arrested Tuesday and has been charged with illegally uploading the movie "Deadpool," copyrighted by the Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation, after his post gained more than 5 million pageviews.
Franklin, according to the United States Attorney's Office for the Central District of California, illegally uploaded the popular movie just eight days after its release in theaters, according to a report from the Fresno Bee.
The young man, after being arrested for making the film available for free — possibly in protest of Twentieth Century Fox for limiting the release of the highly anticipated movie based on the graphic novel — was charged with reproducing and distributing a copyrighted work, a felony that could result in a maximum three years in prison, if he is convicted.
The streaming freedom fighter made his initial court appearance on Tuesday in the US District Court in Fresno. The Bee noted that he did not enter a plea, as an arraignment will occur later.
Franklin is not in custody, after being released on his own recognizance and no bail was set.
Also unresolved is whether Trump and his top advisers have a game plan for the second half of a strategy they've called "maximum pressure and engagement." If North Korea signals a willingness to negotiate, now that Kim has declared that he has "realized the great historic cause of completing the state nuclear force," how will the U.S. respond?
"This is probably as good a time as any to try to pivot to engagement," said Suzanne DiMaggio at the New America think-tank , who has been involved in several rounds of unofficial talks with North Korean officials. She said the administration has focused almost completely on pressure.
Kim's declaration followed North Korea's test last month of its most powerful intercontinental missile yet, which led Haley, at an emergency U.N. Security Council meeting, to speak of a world "closer to war." At the same time, she pushed for others to cut trade and diplomatic ties with Pyongyang.
U.S. officials say doing so would stop North Korea from abusing diplomatic privileges that allow it to raise revenues or conduct illegal business in support of its nuclear and missile programs. It's also intended to exploit North Korean sensitivity to its international standing.
But the U.S. has given mixed messages on what form concretely the isolation should take.
Haley called on all governments to sever ties. Other U.S. officials say the emphasis is on getting North Korean diplomats expelled from overseas postings, not on closing foreign embassies in Pyongyang. To date, no embassies have shut down in the North Korean capital as a result of the U.S. campaign.
According to research by the Washington-based East-West Center and the National Committee on North Korea, North Korea maintains diplomatic relations with 167 countries. It has embassies in 47 foreign capitals. Twenty-four countries have embassies in Pyongyang, and those include American rivals and friends.
"If the U.S. is really serious about depriving North Korea of diplomatic relations, it must start with its own closest ally, Great Britain," said Artyom Lukin, a North Korea expert at Far Eastern Federal University in Vladivostok, Russia.
Since the U.S. has no diplomatic presence of its own in North Korea — the two sides remain technically in a state of war — it relies to some extent on Britain, Germany and other partners to stay abreast of what's happening there. Most critically, it needs Sweden, its protecting power, to assist three currently detained Americans in North Korea, on the rare occasions when Kim's government allows consular access.
Any isolation campaign will have only marginal diplomatic and economic effect without the participation of North Korea's most powerful partners, China and Russia. Both support more dialogue with the North, not more diplomatic sanctions.
Even if only smaller countries follow America's advice, the U.S. could lose potential go-betweens, such as Vietnam and Mongolia, which have constructive relations with the U.S. and North Korea.
"If they left, I would be worried I was losing a source of information and a more neutral voice that the North Koreans might actually listen to," said Frank Jannuzi, a former Senate staff specialist on Asia.
___
Online:
State Department on North Korea: https://www.state.gov/p/eap/ci/kn/
By Matthew Pennington, The Associated Press
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what he learned from 2015 CFP
1:56 Clemson WR Mike Williams on USC defenders: 'I don't even know their names'
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting, explains motive
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
4:00 QB Bobby Fuller reminisces about USC playing days, his moment in the movies
FLINT (WWJ) – Is it possible that the defendants charged with involuntary manslaughter in the Flint case could reach a plea deal that would reduce the charges?
Five people, including the head of Michigan's health department, were charged Wednesday with involuntary manslaughter in an investigation of Flint's lead-contaminated water, all blamed in the death of an 85-year-old man who had Legionnaires' disease.
Larry Dubin is a law professor at the University of Detroit Mercy and spoke with WWJ's Sandra McNeill about the charges.
“Manslaughter has a maximum of 15 years in prison, misconduct in office, which is not a statutory offense but a common law criminal offense has a five year maximum so there's always room for negotiations and I would assume that that is certainly a possibility in this case,” says Dubin.
But Dubin says he believes the length of time state prosecutors took to bring the charges means they've done enough investigation to be confident of proving their case.
“You don't bring charges of this nature — simply on a whim or a guess — so I would assume that they feel that had the Legionnaires' disease been acknowledged honestly and not in any way kept from the public and that the appropriate officials were aware of that — that these deaths would not have occured — that's the chain of events that they … believe they can prove.”
At least 91 Legionnaires' cases were detected in 2014 and 2015, including 12 deaths. Some experts blame Flint's water, which wasn't treated at the time to reduce corrosion and became contaminated with lead, but no direct connection has been found.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHESTERFIELD COUNTY, Va. – Crews battled a brush fire along the Chippenham Parkway in Chesterfield Saturday afternoon.
The roadway's right and center lanes near Belmont Road were closed while crews knocked out the flames just before 4 p.m.
All lanes had reopened by 5:30 p.m.
There has been no word yet on what sparked the fire.
Amazon will reportedly block Australian consumers from buying products from its overseas e-commerce sites in response to the nation's good and services tax changes.
Shoppers visiting the US store Amazon.com and the online behemoth's other overseas sites will be redirected to Amazon.com.au from July 1.
This coincides with GST changes where online retailers will have to apply the 10 per cent GST to goods bought from overseas sites and shipped to Australia, where currently the tax only applies to imports of goods above $1,000.
The horse named after New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski will not compete in the Kentucky Derby.
Phoenix Thoroughbreds ownership group announced that the England-based colt developed a fever over the weekend and will not make the journey to Churchill Downs.
The tight end, who is part-owner of the 3-year-old horse, tweeted about situation.
"It's unfortunate Gronkowski the horse will not be able to race in the upcoming Kentucky Derby due to an illness," he wrote. "I fully support what is best for the horse. I know he will come back strong and healthy and I am excited to see him race again very soon."
The ownership group tweeted that the horse was treated with antibiotics and "is doing well."
"We very much regret that #Gronkowski will miss the @KentuckyDerby after spiking a fever over the weekend and being treated with antibiotics," the global horse racing investment fund wrote. "He can't make the long journey to Louisville but is doing well."
Trainer Jeremy Noseda's family are Patriots fans, so they named the horse after Gronkowski.
The equine was undefeated in three races this year.
The Kentucky Derby will be run at Churchill Downs on May 5.
MBL Bank is changing. In a deal announced this morning, Baton Rouge-based Business First Bank is acquiring Minden Bancorp and its subsidiary MBL Bank for $76.1 million.
According to a release issued this morning, a definitive merger agreement has been signed and the boards of both banks have approved the acquisition.
Under the terms of the merger agreement, Minden Bancorp's shareholders will receive cash consideration of $31.50 per share, or approximately $76.1 million. The transaction is subject to regulatory approval and is expected to close in the first quarter of next year.
Once the deal is complete, Jack Byrd, Minden Bancorp's and MBL Bank's chairman, president and CEO, will join Business First's and Business First Bank's board of directors and serve as chairman of Business First Bank's Northwest Region.
“Since 2006, I have watched Business First build a strong statewide footprint and am confident that the combined institution is well positioned to capitalize on the business opportunities in Northwest Louisiana and the broader footprint,” Byrd said. “Business First Bank and MBL Bank have similar operating and credit philosophies, so our employees and customers will benefit from the combination.”
“Over the past decade, we have worked consistently towards our goal of becoming the region's most influential business-focused community bank,” Jude Melville, Business First president and CEO, said in a statement. “This partnership, in conjunction with our recently announced expansion into the Dallas, Texas, market, pushes us towards that goal by adding scale, a loyal client base, and a group of dedicated, entrepreneurial teammates to our efforts.”
MBL Bank was founded in 1910 and currently operates two branches in Minden. As of June 30, Minden Bancorp reported $322.9 million in total assets, $194.4 million in total loans, $259.1 million in total deposits and $48.6 million in total equity.
Business First Bank operates 19 offices, including 16 banking centers, two loan production offices and one wealth solutions office in markets across Louisiana and Texas. The acquisition will make Business First Bank the 9th largest bank in Louisiana with assets exceeding $1.5 billion.
Related
Comments
comments
European Union regulators sent a warning to any company using fees on intellectual property rights to shift profits away from the taxman—slapping Amazon.com Inc. with a 250 million-euro ($294 million) bill and giving Luxembourg another rap on the knuckles.
The EU took a dim view of a structure that allowed Amazon to slash its taxable profits in Europe over about a decade by channeling them to a tax-free unit located in Luxembourg that was meant to license the technology behind its web shopping platform.
Officials found one big problem with the arrangement: The unit was just a shell company, how could it therefore perform complex duties such as licensing and managing intellectual property? Impossible, according to the EU. Both Amazon, which is a major employer in Luxembourg, and the country's government deny they broke any rules.
As EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager put it Wednesday, “an empty shell” with “no employees, no offices and no business activities” can't possibly perform activities that would allow it to lay claim to billions of euros of royalty revenue. Yet according to the EU, that's just what Luxembourg allowed the company to do, in breach of its own tax rules.
“It's not enough to put IP rights in an empty shell and claim that all the revenue that generated these IP rights should be awarded from a tax perspective to that empty shell,” said Edoardo Traversa, a professor who specializes in tax law at Belgium's Universite Catholique de Louvain.
Traversa pointed the finger at Luxembourg, referring to a time where its tax authority appeared to have been rubber-stamping tax arrangements via what are known as rulings “without too much scrutiny.”
Clients “would basically write the ruling and then the Luxembourg tax administration would sign it,” he said in an interview. Luxembourg's policy has completely changed since.
Lots of U.S. companies—including health care firms like Merck & Co. and tech firms like Facebook—move their intellectual property assets to tax havens overseas. From there, they effectively rent out their core innovations to operating units of the same company.
Such techniques are usually perfectly legal but, in Europe, they can run afoul of the EU's state-aid rules when governments allow special exemptions to the detriment of other companies.
For tax purposes, the EU considers that transactions between a multinational's subsidiaries should be set at the same price an unrelated company would pay, a concept that is known as the arm's-length principle. In the Amazon case, given that the unit collecting royalties had no employees, the EU said it's hard to explain how the payments could be justified.
The Amazon decision comes a year after a record 13 billion-euro tax recovery-order against Apple. It's one of a growing list of cases in the EU's crackdown on loopholes that started in 2013, when watchdogs started to root out deals among the thousands of otherwise legal tax pacts governments have arranged for companies for years. At stake in all these decisions are billions of euros squirreled away in tax havens, out of the reach of authorities in the countries where they make most of their sales.
The set-up criticized by the EU was put together in the mid-2000s when Amazon transferred its IP rights to a Luxembourg subsidiary. Up until 2014, the Luxembourg unit, called Amazon Europe Holding Technologies SCS, or AEHT, recorded royalty revenue of about 5.2 billion euros before adjustments for inflation and exchange rates.
Amazon, which said it will have 65,000 employees in Europe by the end of this year, about 1,500 of whom will be in its Luxembourg EU base, has defended its tax payments in the region.
It asserts that regulators there are mistaking high revenue for high taxable profits. It has argued its profits there have been crimped by heavy investments in the IP and strong competition.
Luxembourg's finance ministry said on Wednesday it “considers that the company has not been granted incompatible state aid.” Amazon also disagreed with the EU's assessment and said it will consider an appeal at the bloc's courts.
To move revenue from Amazon's e-commerce businesses in France, Germany and Britain, those units first made royalty payments to the company's European operating subsidiary in Luxembourg, called Amazon EU Sarl, the EU said. That unit is subject to taxes, but it slashed its taxable income by making deductible royalty payments to the tax-free AEHT unit for the regional sites' use of Amazon's web shopping platform and trademarks.
Huge Chunk
With Wednesday's decision, the EU simply decided to reallocate a huge chunk of profits to the taxable Amazon EU Sarl unit. That move will cost the internet retailer about 250 million in back taxes and shows other multinationals what sort of profit shifting just won't fly in Europe.
Amazon is the fifth in a series of EU decisions against special tax deals and appeals by the governments and companies concerned have been piling up in the bloc's courts.
“It may take several years before the first cases are settled,” said Raymond Luja, tax professor at Maastricht University, and also counsel to law firm Loyens & Loeff in Amsterdam. “These processes could take many years, and the commission can't simply wait and see what the final outcome is in the meantime.”
“For the commission, dealing with transfer pricing is a learning process as well and we may gradually see a change in how they approach transfer pricing” and the application or not of “anti-tax-avoidance measures in the near future,” said Luja.
Bloomberg News
A A
Voters in the Vancouver school district overwhelmingly supported a $458 million bond measure that would launch a major construction campaign, building new schools and repairing old buildings. Whether there's enough of those voters, however, remains to be seen.
The results of Vancouver Public Schools' bond measure remained in limbo Tuesday night after only 24,306 ballots were counted. Bond measures must be approved by a supermajority of 60 percent or more, and must have a minimum turnout of 40 percent of the total number of votes in the last general election. That gave Tuesday's special election, the first after 2016's heated presidential race, a threshold of about 27,000 voters.
That means even though 68.22 percent of voters supported the measure, it could fail.
District Superintendent Steve Webb, however, said he was “incredibly optimistic” after results were released. He and a smattering of school officials and bond supporters gathered at the Bates Center for Educational Leadership as results were released.
“There are still thousands upon thousands of uncounted ballots, the ballots that were dropped off today and put in the mail today,” Webb said.
Clark County Auditor Greg Kimsey, an elected Republican who oversees the Clark County Elections Office, said he expects to count another 11,000 ballots, either dropped off on Tuesday or mailed. Assuming the same ratio of those ballots are from Vancouver as voted prior to election day – about 45 percent – the district could see nearly another 5,000 ballots, more than enough to cross the validation threshold.
Vancouver has not had a funding measure fail due to lack of validation since 1983, when a maintenance and operations levy received 80 percent approval but not enough people participated in the election, according to the school district. Levies at the time required a 60 percent supermajority plus the 40 percent turnout threshold, though the state has since eliminated those requirements for levies.
Bond supporters touted low interest rates and high district needs in order to persuade voters to support the $458 million bond. A grant and state help would provide another $93 million, making the overall funding package about $551 million.
Bond rates are at about 3 percent, and expected growth in the district — including the $1.5 billion waterfront redevelopment project — created ideal conditions to ask for funding, district officials have said.
The district projected property owners in the district will pay $1.52 per $1,000 in assessed property value if the bond measure passes. That would be an increase of 9 cents per thousand dollars over the 2017 tax rate, which results in an increase of $20 per year on a home valued at $225,000.
After the current bond, which voters approved in 2001, expires in 2021, that bond rate is expected to drop by 17 cents, for a total bond rate of $1.35 per $1,000 assessed value.
The bond, if the measure is approved, would replace eight schools, modernize four schools and the Kiggins Bowl, improve 24 campuses and build three new schools to accommodate anticipated enrollment growth.
Steve Bernhoft, chair of the Citizens' Committee for Good Schools, thanked bond supporters and district staff for their commitment to investing in students.
“This, tonight, is huge,” he said.
Webb has said the failure of the bond measure could cost Vancouver students a quality educational experience. The district must add 100 new classes for K-3 students due to class-size reduction requirements, and 2,000 students are already in temporary classroom spaces.
“This community cares deeply about their children, and they care deeply about their public schools,” Webb said.
The number of people killed in Mexico in the first quarter of 2018, at 7,667, is more than ten times higher than the 763 civilian deaths in war-ravaged Afghanistan during the same period, according to a Breitbart News analysis of Mexican government and United Nations data.
When taking into consideration the difference in the population between the two countries, a civilian is still nearly three times more likely to be killed in Mexico than in Afghanistan.
Using CIA World Factbook population estimates, Breitbart News determined that the murder rate in Mexico so far this year stands at 6.15 per 100,000 people.
Meanwhile, the civilian fatality rate is 2.24 per 100,000 people in Afghanistan.
The murder rate estimates are consistent with the latest data (from 2012) compiled by the World Bank, which shows that the intentional homicide rate alone in Mexico (21.3 per 100,000) is more than three times higher than that of war-devastated Afghanistan (6.6 per 100,000).
Breitbart News gleaned data on the number of homicides in Mexico from the country's national public security services and the Afghanistan civilian death figures from the U.N.
The number of murders in Mexico in the first quarter of 2018 increased by 20 percent when compared to the same period last year.
So far, 2018 is Mexico's “most violent year in two decades,” the Agence France-Presse (AFP) agency notes.
Referring to civilian deaths, which excludes the number of American military fatalities and fatalities among the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces (ANDSF), the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan (UNAMA) reports, “From 1 January to 31 March 2018, UNAMA documented 2,258 civilian casualties (763 deaths and 1,495 injured), reflecting similar levels of civilian harm documented in the first three months of 2017 and 2016.”
Breitbart News' fatality tally for Mexico excludes the 4,272 homicides designated as involuntary manslaughter, which brings the total number of deaths in the country during the first quarter of 2018 to 11,939.
EAST LANSING, Mich. - Seemingly indestructible Varroa mites have decimated honeybee populations and are a primary cause of colony collapse disorder, or CCD.
Michigan State University scientists have found genetic holes in the pests' armor that could potentially reduce or eliminate the marauding invaders. The team's results, published in the current issue of Insect Science, have identified four genes critical for survival and two that directly affect reproduction.
"The Varroa mite is the worst threat to honeybee health worldwide," said Zachary Huang, MSU entomologist. "They have developed resistance to many pesticides, so it's urgent that we explore and target these genes to develop better control methods."
The mite sucks the blood of honeybees and transmits deadly viruses. Its lifecycle consists of two phases: one where they feed on adult bees, called the phoretic phase, and a reproductive phase that takes place within a sealed honeycomb cell, where the mites lay eggs on a developing bee larva.
Having the double-whammy of eating bees and spreading disease makes Varroa mites the number-one suspect of honeybee population declines worldwide.
Controlling pests like Varroa mites succeeds by either eliminating them or reducing their ability to reproduce. The team used RNA interference to identify the key genes, which could achieve these outcomes. They injected the mites with double-stranded RNA, or dsRNA.
Interfering reduces transcription of a specific gene, the first step of making a gene, a piece of DNA, into a protein. This process, also known as "gene knockdown," has been successful in reducing the mating success and the number of eggs produced by cattle ticks, which threaten cows and other livestock around the world.
Using this approach, the team identified two genes that caused high mortality in Varroa mites - Da and Pros26S. In fact, Da killed more than 96 percent of mites. They also identified four genes - RpL8, RpL11, RpP0 and RpS13 - that control reproduction.
Earlier research has shown that a combination of dsRNAs can be fed to bees at the colony level. Varroa mites absorb the "genetic cocktail" via bee blood and their population was reduced. Future research will explore whether a single-gene approach can be scaled up and achieve the same effect at a colony-wide setting. Using a single gene with a known mechanism will be more cost effective and safe to the honeybees.
The results may have applications beyond honeybees, too.
"It's worth noting that Da reduced reproduction in species of mosquitoes and Drosophila," Huang said. "Future research could help not only protect honeybees, but also reduce disease-carrying mosquitoes or crop-damaging pests."
###
Additional MSU researchers contributing to this study include Guowu Bian and Zhiyong Xi. Xianbing Xie, with Nanchang University (China), also was part of this paper.
This study was supported by the Almond Board of California, the Foundation for the Preservation of Honey Bees, the National Honey Board, MSU's Project GREEEN, Michigan Beekeepers Association, National Natural Science Foundation of China, General Project of Jiangxi Provincial Department of Education and a fellowship from the China Scholarship Council.
Michigan State University has been working to advance the common good in uncommon ways for more than 150 years. One of the top research universities in the world, MSU focuses its vast resources on creating solutions to some of the world's most pressing challenges, while providing life-changing opportunities to a diverse and inclusive academic community through more than 200 programs of study in 17 degree-granting colleges.
For MSU news on the Web, go to MSUToday. Follow MSU News on Twitter at twitter.com/MSUnews.
An 11-year-old boy will have to go through months of surgery after a relative's dog attacked him at home on June 20.
Scroll for more content...
Damian Sunderland was flown to the PICU at Children's Mercy Hospital and was then transferred to the University of Kansas Hospital with threatening injuries.
He recently underwent a major surgery to graft skin to his cheeks, lower jaw, nose and the recreation of his lips.
Dr. Brian Andrews says he sees about two serious dog bites each year.
"We use skin grafts from different parts of Damian's arms and legs to better match the natural skin tones," Andrews said.
Andrews also explained that they could tattoo permanent color on his skin further down the road.
Damian's mom, DeAnn Tieman, said he was so excited to hear that he would have lips again.
"He can't comprehend that doctors can remake his face," Tieman said.
To learn more about Damian's story and to keep up with his recovery, check out his Facebook page.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
On February 11 Spokane County Sheriff Ozzie Knezovich was denied entry into a hockey game benefiting law enforcement because he was armed.
Knezovich was armed because he was on duty.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
According to The Spokesman Review, Knezovich was told he had to put his gun in the car before he could be allowed into the game.
The Review reported:
The no-weapons rule enacted at the Spokane Arena a few months ago snagged an unintended victim Saturday night – Spokane County Sheriff Ozzie Knezovich. Knezovich arrived at the arena for the Spokane law enforcement vs. Tri-Cities law enforcement charity event before the Spokane Chiefs hockey game when he was forced to disarm himself before going inside. “They disarmed me at the door and I'm on duty,” he said. “I had to go put my gun in the car.”
Knezovich tweeted:
Ran into a new level of insanity at the Spokane Arena tonight they disarmed an on duty law enforcement officer tonight. Me. Amazing — Ozzie Knezovich (@SheriffOzzie) February 12, 2017
Kevin Twohig is the executive director of the Public Facilities District which operates the arena. He would not comment specifically on Knezovich's situation, but did say “in general, on-duty officers in uniform are allowed to keep their guns.” He then asked, “If they're not in uniform how would we know they're on duty?”
Perhaps Twohig could ask for a badge? As a matter of fact, “Knezovich said he was wearing a suit with a badge on the lapel” when he was asked to disarm.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com
DURHAM, N.C. — A Confederate statue that stood outside a courthouse since 1924 was toppled by a group of anti-white supremacy protesters in North Carolina Monday evening.
Amid chants of “No KKK, no fascist USA,” the group used a ladder and rope to pull down the monument. Several protestors then kicked and spit on the twisted statue as the crowd cheered, according to WNCN.
The protest was organized in response to the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend. Organizers of the Durham gathering told WNCN their goal was to “smash white supremacy.”
It's not the first time that the monument, which depicts a Confederate soldier with the words “In memory of the boys who wore the gray,” has been vandalized since it was erected in 1924.
In July, 2015, someone spray painted “Black Lives Matter” on the base of the monument.
Western Kentucky has made a coaching staff adjustment because offensive line coach Geoff Dartt had surgery to remove brain tumors.
Western Kentucky head coach Mike Sanford confirmed in October that Dartt had undergone surgery to remove a pair of brain tumors.
This week, the school announced that TJ Woods was hired as its new offensive line coach.
However, Western Kentucky also confirmed that Dartt will remain on the staff as Sanford's 10th assistant, although his exact role has not been spelled out.
Woods spent the past three seasons as the line coach at Oregon State.
"The addition of TJ Woods to our program is a game-changer for our offensive line unit," Sanford said in a statement. "He has overseen dominant rushing attacks at the highest level of college football. I look forward to working directly with TJ to produce a balanced and explosive offense on The Hill in 2018 and beyond."
Woods said, "My wife, Kelly, and I are excited to be a part of the Hilltopper family. To be able to work for Coach Sanford and represent Western Kentucky University is a tremendous opportunity, and I look forward to building on the great tradition of tough, tenacious offensive line play here at WKU. My family and I are eager to join the Bowling Green community and get to work."
ALMOST 40 per cent of cancer deaths in Australia are potentially avoidable, a study has found.
Researchers estimate that about 17,000 Australian lives may be saved each year, mostly through lifestyle changes, such as giving up smoking, eating better, exercising more, reducing alcohol intake and covering up in the sun.
Camera Icon An infographic explaining the unhealthy habits that can potentially lead to cancer. Information courtesy of QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute. NOTE: Imagery is illustrative only and not to scale. Totals do not sum 33 per cent as some factors co-occur to cause cancer. Picture: Supplied
A study by QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute analysed Australian cancer deaths attributed to 20 modifiable risk factors accepted internationally as being causes of cancer.
It used data from the Australian Institute of Health and Welfare, and the Australian Bureau of Statistics to estimate how many cancer deaths in 2013 were caused by modifiable factors and were therefore preventable, at least in theory.
Lead researcher David Whiteman, head of QIMR Berghofer's cancer control group, said they found modifiable risk factors were conservatively implicated in 41 per cent of cancer deaths among Australian men and 34 per cent in women.
“The proportions of potentially preventable cancer deaths are higher among men than women because, on average, men smoke and drink more, spend more time in the sun and don't eat as well,” Professor Whiteman said.
Almost a quarter of all cancer deaths in Australia were caused by smoking, including passive smoking, accounting for about 10,000 of the country's 44,000 cancer deaths in 2013.
Professor Whiteman said smoking had been implicated in more than a dozen cancers, including some ovarian cancers.
He said other major modifiable cancer-causing risk factors included infections, such as the sexually transmitted human papillomavirus, poor diet and being overweight or obese, which each made up about five per cent of all Australian cancer deaths annually.
Camera Icon An infographic explaining the unhealthy habits that can potentially lead to cancer. Information courtesy of QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute. NOTE: Imagery is illustrative only and not to scale. Totals do not sum 33 per cent as some factors co-occur to cause cancer. Picture: Supplied
The cancers responsible for the largest numbers of potentially preventable deaths are those of the lung, bowel, skin, liver and stomach.
Professor Whiteman said the study accounted for cancer deaths over and above the “background genetic risk” within the Australian population.
“While in many cases cancer is tragically unavoidable, this study highlights what we've known for years: cancer isn't always a matter of genetics or bad luck.”
The research did not account for other known environmental cancer causes, such as air pollution and radiation exposure, because of the difficulty in quantifying the risk.
Although elderly Australians, aged 75 and older, were included in the overall data, Professor Whiteman said the percentage of potentially avoidable cancer deaths was higher – at 43 per cent – when calculated in people aged up to 75.
Professor Whiteman said the aim of the research was not to blame individual patients for their lifestyle choices, but to provide a helpful guide to people to reduce their risk of cancer – the biggest cause of death in Australia.
The study was published recently in the International Journal of Cancer .
For recommendations to cut your chances of developing cancer: qimrberghofer.edu.au/reduce-your-cancer-risk-guide
PETER CROUCH SAYS there was “never any strong interest” shown in him by Chelsea before attention switched to Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud.
The Stoke frontman emerged as a surprise target for the Blues as they sought to bolster their attacking ranks during the January transfer window.
Several options were considered by those at Stamford Bridge, with Antonio Conte in the market for a physical presence to complement and compete with Alvaro Morata.
On deadline day, Giroud crossed London from north to west, with Crouch conceding that he was never really in the running against “the division's second-best looking target man.”
The 37-year-old former England international wrote in a column for the Daily Mail: “So there I was, sat at home a couple of weeks ago, when my phone started to beep and I heard I was trending on Twitter.
“I didn't expect to see my name linked with Chelsea but that was the situation. It was all speculation, I suppose.
“Of course it was nice to get linked with a club of that stature — particularly as they were the club I used to watch when I was a kid — but I didn't think much more about it.
“There was never any strong interest. I heard Antonio Conte quite likes me as a player but I was only ever concentrating on Stoke. I didn't expect anything to happen and, as it turns out, Chelsea have gone on to make a great signing.
“I've always admired Olivier Giroud. He is France's No 9, he's been to the World Cup and the Euros and worn that shirt with distinction.
“He's a top striker and maybe he didn't get as many chances as he deserved at Arsenal.
“I'd go as far as to say they got themselves the division's second best looking target man.”
Crouch has been with Stoke since 2011, making over 200 appearances for the club.
He has passed the 100 Premier League goal mark while with the Potters and committed to a new contract in November 2017.
A desire to play at the highest level until the age of 40 has previously been expressed, with it possible that Crouch could have many more meetings with Chelsea and Giroud to come before he hangs up his boots.
U.S. YIELD CURVE STEEPENS, YIELD GAP BETWEEN 2-YEAR, 10-YEAR TREASURIES WIDEST SINCE MID-NOVEMBER - REUTERS, TRADEWEB DATA
THE significant amount of rainfall of the past few days, especially in the Nicosia area, has had little impact on the water levels in reservoirs, the water development department said on Tuesday.
Rainfall in Nicosia district reached 43.8 mm so far this month, 245 per cent above normal, that helped bring the average rainfall for Cyprus for the month to 62 per cent.
More than usual rainfall was also recorded in Larnaca (128 per cent) and Athienou (117 per cent).
As for the total rainfall since the beginning of the rainy season, it has been satisfactory, at 387.2 mm, or 83 per cent of the norm over the past years, the met office announced.
Most of the rain fell on Friday in Nicosia, but little flowed into the reservoirs, met officer Panayiotis Michael said. The total inflow to all dams this season was 44.7 million tonnes and the amount of water available is now 88.7 million tonnes or 30.5 per cent of capacity. This time last year, there were 109.8 million tonnes of water in the dams, 37.8 per cent of capacity.
Some reservoirs such as the ones in Kalopanayiotis, Pomos and Argaka are full, but the largest, Kouris, which can hold half of Cyprus' collected water is just 21.6 per cent full.
This is unlikely to change, according to officials. Unsettled weather is expected to continue on Tuesday, while from Wednesday the weather is expected to clear and be sunny everywhere.
Temperatures were below normal in the beginning of the month but will rise by 1 or 2C by Thursday, and even more on Friday, possibly reaching 30C inland. During the weekend it will remain sunny with temperatures at 27 to 28C.
The Associated Press reported Friday that President Donald Trump's new nuclear doctrine “is mostly in line with Obama plan, but more aggressive toward Russia.”
BREAKING: Trump nuclear doctrine is mostly in line with Obama plan, but more aggressive toward Russia. — The Associated Press (@AP) February 2, 2018
The Washington Post reported that the administration's new strategy did reverse key elements of Obama's nuclear approach by calling for “the introduction of two new types of weapons, effectively ending Obama-era efforts to reduce the size and scope of the U.S. arsenal and minimize the role of nuclear weapons in defense planning.”
Obama had believed the U.S. could lead by example, downgrading its own nuclear capabilities in the hope that other countries would do the same. But the Pentagon concluded that China and Russia had not followed suit, and that “the capability of Russian and Chinese nuclear arsenals is actually getting better against ours,” in the words of Air Force Gen. Paul J. Selva, vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Trump's policy is more aggressive toward Russia because it seeks the development of smaller-scale nuclear weapons, which Russia already has, so that the U.S. will not have to choose between launching a large nuclear weapon and mere conventional weapons in response to a hypothetical small-scale Russian strike on a U.S. ally.
That means effectively deterring Russia from using its small-scale nuclear arsenal for tactical military operations.
The AP reports that the Trump administration “said Russia must be persuaded it would face ‘unacceptably dire costs' if it were to threaten even limited nuclear attack in Europe.”
Also on Friday, Trump's critics revived accusations of collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign, in response to the House Intelligence Committee's release of a memo alleging that the FBI and Department of Justice used partisan sources improperly to obtain surveillance warrants on a Trump associate.
Pelosi's response to Nunes memo: “What do the Russians have on Trump?” pic.twitter.com/I1jxQDwAkg — Lisa Mascaro (@LisaMascaro) February 2, 2018
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said in a statement that “the President refuses to hold [Russian President Vladimir] Putin accountable, making us all ask: what do the Russians have on Trump, politically, financially and personally?”.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named to Forward's 50 “most influential” Jews in 2017. He is the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.
Further Reading What it's like to ride in a Waymo driverless car Lt. Saul Jaeger, who commands the traffic unit at the Mountain View Police Department, remembers the first time a few years ago when he was given a demo of Waymo's self-driving cars.
Jaeger was not only interested from a professional point of view, but also as a citizen. After all, he lives in Mountain View near one of the Waymo facilities. He watched in awe as the engineers showed him the autonomous vehicle's (AV) own view. This screen reduces everything to line drawings and other simplified sensory inputs.
"It's incredible," he told Ars. "It felt like The Matrix, when they flip the switch—it's seeing everything, it's seeing way more than you or I can—and it's making decisions."
Jaeger, a veteran of the department, said that as someone whose job requires that he "reconstruct" serious traffic accidents, he could only dream of a machine that captured as much as an AV does.
"I felt like I was in heaven," he said. "It's like instant replay in the NFL, I can tell what happened. The engineers looked at each other like, 'Aw, crap.'"
Instantly, Jaeger realized that the promise of AVs to not only be safer for those inside the car, but it may also, potentially, be a way for law enforcement to collect data and information about everything else around it.
For now, law enforcement in one major hub of AV development and testing seems to have few clear ideas as to how they will integrate these vehicles into their traffic enforcement practices, much less their investigative process.
But AVs could soon become—absent a notable change in the law—a TiVo-on-the-ground. In other words, as auto manufacturers and tech companies race to take AVs mainstream, they may become a gold mine for law enforcement.
What's the standard?
In order for AVs to work, they have to snag all kinds of data about the world around them: where precisely other objects are at any given moment and how fast they are moving. That data can seemingly be kept forever.
Under current law, all of that data can be obtained relatively easily by federal law enforcement. In other words, if you're a privacy-minded citizen, your threat model just changed.
"Because of all of the sensors and data that is being captured—[AVs] are giant recording things," Jaeger said. "Even if they're not involved in an incident directly, they captured some of it. Maybe infrared data or something."
This is profoundly different from older cars that lack such sensors and do not gather up such vast quantities of stored data. As such, Tesla's terms and conditions—like those of other non-automotive tech companies, including Apple, Google, and more—say that the company will hand over data to law enforcement when legally compelled to do so. Waymo did not respond to Ars' multiple queries for clarification its position, so how far that assistance will go is anyone's guess.
For now, federal law and Supreme Court precedent dictates that law enforcement has the authority to legally monitor anyone in public. The basic idea is that none of us have a "reasonable expectation of privacy" when we are in public. So just as the police can capture us with video cameras and license plate readers, so, too, could they contract with AV automakers to simply get at vast quantities of future AV data. And if the companies don't want to play ball, such data can be accessed with a mere court order (known as a "d-order") under the Stored Communications Act of 1986.
Carpenter v. United States
This is the exact legal issue at the heart of a case currently pending before the Supreme Court, known as Carpenter v. United States. The case involves phone company records and a string of robberies in Michigan around 2010, but Carpenter essentially asks, does law enforcement need a warrant to be able to access potentially intimate location information? Or, as the government has claimed, is such data easily accessible to law enforcement under the increasingly-anachronistic third-party doctrine? Further Reading Justices hear case that could reshape location privacy in the cellular age
"There is nothing to stop a federal agency from requesting location data from an autonomous vehicle maker," Catherine Crump, a law professor at the University of California, Berkeley, told Ars.
She pointed out that, while Article I, Section 1 of the California Constitution explicitly grants a right to privacy to all citizens of the Golden State, "it's not an absolute right."
"It can be outweighed where the government has a legitimate interest that is furthered by the privacy invasion," she continued. "It's not hard to imagine all sorts of sympathetic circumstances in which we would want the government to have access to location data. The best way to handle this is probably through legislation."
California does have a relatively new law, known as the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (2015), which does impose a warrant requirement to access location data. So state and local authorities in the Golden State, at least, would likely have to clear the warrant hurdle before getting at such data.
As of today, there appears to be no publicly-known instance of law enforcement going to an AV manufacturer, with a warrant or otherwise, to obtain data.
"The federal government would likely argue that it is not constrained by state constitutional protections," said Nathan Freed Wessler in an email to Ars. Wessler is the American Civil Liberties Union lawyer who represented Carpenter before the Supreme Court.
But there may be a silver lining.
"If the Supreme Court rules for the government in Carpenter, I anticipate more states will pass laws like CalECPA," Geoffrey King, a UC Berkeley lecturer and attorney, told Ars.
Fireworks are a staple of the Fourth of July, right along with hot dogs and wearing red, white and blue. However, those who opt to light a personal display rather than leaving it to the professionals could be asking for trouble.
According to the Consumer Product Safety Commission, there were an estimated 12,900 fireworks-related injuries that required the attention of emergency departments last year, with 67 percent of the incidents happening in the month surrounding the holiday. There were also eight fireworks-related deaths reported in 2017, according to the CPSC, with victims ranging in age from four to 57.
“CPSC works year round to help prevent deaths and injuries from fireworks,” said Ann Marie Buerkle, CPSC acting chairman, in a statement. “Beyond CPSC's efforts, we want to make sure everyone takes simple safety steps to celebrate safely with their family and friends. We work with the fireworks industry, monitor incoming fireworks shipments at the ports and enforce federal fireworks safety regulations, so that all Americans have a safe Fourth of July.”
Aside from bodily harm, fireworks can also result in financial hardship. Fireworks are responsible for an average of 18,500 fires per year and an average of $43 million in property damage, the National Fire Prevention Association reports.
Getty Images
Those planning to conduct their own fireworks displays at home should take measured precautions and follow these tips to avoid injuries and other consequences.
Check local laws
Consumer fireworks are not legal in all areas. Before lighting up, consult and obey local regulations to ensure you're not breaking the law, advises the National Council on Fireworks Safety.
Be sure to only purchase legal fireworks from a licensed seller and never experiment with homemade devices.
And remember, just because they're legal doesn't mean they're safe.
Take necessary precautions
It's always best to be prepared, so the National Council on Fireworks Safety recommends keeping a bucket of water and active water hose nearby in case of emergency. In addition, never light fireworks indoors and keep them away from dry grass and other flammable items.
Those handling fireworks should avoid wearing loose clothing that could catch fire and sport safety glasses to avoid eye injuries.
If any injury occurs, immediately seek medical attention by calling 911.
Light with care
The National Council on Fireworks Safety says to ignite one firework at a time and then move away quickly.
If a firework doesn't light, do not try to reignite it or stand over it to investigate why it didn't take off. Wait 20 minutes, then put the dud in a water bucket.
When finished, dispose of fireworks by wetting them down and placing in a metal trash can away from buildings until the following day.
Getty Images
Keep pets and children away
All fireworks should be handled by adults, according to the National Council on Fireworks Safety. Never allow children to set off the explosives. Instead of sparklers, give children glow sticks to play with.
Pets should also be kept away from firework displays and kept inside. PEOPLE Pet Vet Dr. Evan Antin explained fireworks can set off your pet's fight or flight response. Your dog may get a rush of adrenaline from the loud bangs and crackles, resulting in the belief that his life is at risk.
Booze after the bursts
Never let someone who has been drinking handle fireworks.
So this is what Shonda Rimes has been cooking up.
The prolific producer has left her perch at ABC Studios and is taking her Shondaland production company to Netflix under a multi-year deal, it was announced late Sunday. The pact calls for Rhimes to produce new series and other projects for the streamer. Her current series — Grey's Anatomy, Scandal and How to Get Away with Murder — will continue to air on ABC.
“Shonda Rhimes is one of the greatest storytellers in the history of television,” said Ted Sarandos, Chief Content Officer, Netflix, in a statement. “Her work is gripping, inventive, pulse-pounding, heart-stopping, taboo-breaking television at its best. I've gotten the chance to know Shonda and she's a true Netflixer at heart -— she loves TV and films, she cares passionately about her work, and she delivers for her audience. We're so excited to welcome her to Netflix.”
In her own statement, Rhimes said, “Shondaland's move to Netflix is the result of a shared plan Ted and I built based on my vision for myself as a storyteller and for the evolution of my company. Ted provides a clear, fearless space for creators at Netflix. He understood what I was looking for — the opportunity to build a vibrant new storytelling home for writers with the unique creative freedom and instantaneous global reach provided by Netflix's singular sense of innovation. The future of Shondaland at Netflix has limitless possibilities.”
ABC's entertainment president Channing Dungey, meanwhile, noted that two other Rhimes-produced projects in the network's pipeline — midseason drama For the People and the in-the-works Grey's Anatomy spinoff — will not be impacted by the Netflix move. “I'm proud to have given a home to what have become some of the most celebrated and talked about shows on television,” Dungey added. “With the launch of a new season upon us, fans can rest assured that TGIT remains intact and will be as buzzed about as ever.”
As our sister site Deadline points out, Rhimes departs ABC Studios one year before her four-year deal was set to expire. Her new Netflix pact is also reportedly for four years.
CHARLOTTE, S.C. — Zane Najdawi scored 28 points, grabbed 10 rebounds and Frankie Johnson drove for one layup to force overtime and another to give The Citadel the lead for good in the extra period on Saturday and the Bulldogs defeated Furman 100-92 to cap an intense three-win home stand.
Languishing near the bottom of the Southern Conference standings four games ago, The Citadel (9-14, 4-7) took undefeated conference leader ETSU to overtime, losing by two on the road when a last-second 3 rimmed out. Once home, the Bulldogs defeated Mercer for the first time in 91 years a week ago, rallied to bump off Wofford, one of the conference leaders, on Thursday, and did it again to Furman (16-8, 7-4) Saturday.
The Paladins held a 17-point lead with 9:13 remaining when Devin Sibley hit a 3-pointer. The Citadel marched back, making its last seven field-goal attempts with Johnson driving to the hoop to tie 88-88 with 4.8 seconds remaining.
The rally continued into the overtime as Johnson drove for the go-ahead and kissed it off the glass for a 90-88 lead, the Bulldogs first since 25-24 of the first half, and they never let Furman come back, making 10 of 11 free throws.
Efforts to lower the level of the lake are succeeding, and large rocks are being used to plug a hole in the emergency spillway that threatened its collapse.
The Butte County Sheriff's full statement, posted on Facebook, is as follows:
Due to lower lake levels, further inspections, ongoing work to shore-up the Oroville Dam emergency spillway and updated weather forecasts, effective at 1:00 p.m. today, the Evacuation Order for the Oroville Dam Spillway Incident has been reduced to an Evacuation Warning. Any resident displaced by the evacuation may return home at 1:00 p.m.; however all residents are advised to remain vigilant and prepared as conditions can rapidly change. People who have special needs or require extended time to evacuate should consider remaining evacuated.
An Evacuation Warning means the immediate threat has ended but the potential for an emergency remains and therefore residents must remain prepared for the possibility of an Evacuation Order.
The decision to reduce the Immediate Evacuation Order to an Evacuation Warning is based on a number of factors, including:
• Lower lake levels: With the rate of release through the primary spillway remaining at 100,000 cfs, over the last two days the lake level has dropped 12 feet below the top of the auxiliary spillway and no longer has water flowing over the top. This mitigation work will reduce the risk of erosion should the emergency spillway have to be used again, although flow through the primary spillway will continue to attempt to lower the reservoir to 851 feet (approximately 50 feet below full).
• Further inspections: With the water level reduced, geologists and dam safety engineering specialists from the Department of Water Resources (DWR), the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) and the United States Army Corps of Engineers were able to inspect the damage. That inspection revealed that the integrity of the emergency spillway was not compromised by the erosion.
• Ongoing work to shore-up emergency spillway: To prevent further erosion the DWR is lining the front of the spillway with boulders and concrete. That work is expected to be completed tomorrow, ahead of the forecasted stormy weather.
• Updated weather forecasts: The decision has taken into account updated weather forecasts. The storm expected later this week is forecasted to be colder, with less rain and therefore a lower level of water flow into the reservoir than last week.
An evacuation center will remain open at the Silver Dollar Fairgrounds. All other evacuation centers supported by Butte County will be closed. Residents from other centers who are still seeking shelter due to the Evacuation Warning can go to the Silver Dollar Fairgrounds.
Residents who evacuated animals to the Silver Dollar Fairgrounds should collect their animals as soon as possible if returning home. Large animals can remain at the evacuation center, but owners are advised to secure an alternative location for animals that is outside the area under the Evacuation Warning. Owners are required to find transportation to get animals home or to an alternate location. A strict animal release protocol will be adhered to at the Silver Dollar Fairground. Animal owners must have photoed ID and pink copy of the animal intake form.
Disabled residents who need assistance with transportation home should call (530) 342-0221 for para-transport. Local agencies and medical facilities are determining when patients can be returned to evacuated hospitals and skilled nursing facilities.
Sheriff Kory Honea would like to thank those members of the community who were affected by this evacuation for their cooperation and patience. It was a difficult decision to order the immediate evacuation, but the need to act swiftly in the face of a potentially catastrophic incident was necessary in order to ensure public safety.
When you return home:
• Take all of your personal items and small animals with you when you leave an evacuation center.
• Drive carefully, thousands of Butte County residents evacuated and will be driving back to the Oroville, Gridley, and Biggs communities.
Residents should stay tuned to local information sources for any changes to the Evacuation Warning.
Living in California means being prepared.
Follow the Butte County Sheriff's Office on Facebook and Twitter, sign up for emergency mass notifications at www.buttecounty.net/emergencymassnotification, and bookmark www.butteCounty.net.
The Spillway Incident Public Information Line is (530) 872-5951.
For a full list of state emergency and social media resources visit: http://www.oesnews.com/resources-for-oroville-dam-auxiliary… .
###
[India], Mar. 19 (ANI): The Kandivali Police on Monday arrested four members of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) for vandalising Gujarati signboards at a shop in Kandivali on Monday.
The arrest came after a case was registered against nine to ten members of the MNS in the connection.
The signboards were vandalised days after party chief Raj Thackeray in his speech said that, 'Vasai feels like Gujarat these days'.
Addressing the party workers at a rally at Shivaji Park on Saturday, Thackeray called for a "Modi-mukt Bharat" by 2019. (ANI)
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
1:41 P.J. Dozier wraps Memphis game
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what he learned from 2015 CFP
2:29 Dylann Roof's confession tape
Online retailer Kogan.com will start selling budget health insurance policies under a new brand dubbed Kogan Health, after signing a deal with private health insurer Medibank Group.
The deal is set out for an initial three-year period and will be administered via Medibank-owned Australian Health Management Group (ahm), Kogan said in a statement to the ASX on Tuesday.
The e-commerce platform will be in charge of providing online branding, marketing and customers, and will earn commissions on sales of all insurance policies, while Medibank will provide an underwriting to raise investment capital from investors.
Kogan has a portfolio of businesses including in retail, insurance, mobile and travel, and in June announced it would start selling fixed-line national broadband network home internet next year, after agreeing to expand its partnership with Vodafone.
Executive director David Shafer said the partnership with Medibank was another important opportunity to "delight" the company's growing number of members by offering better value health insurance.
"Having more than eight million Aussies as members of the Kogan community enables us to form strong commercial partnerships like this, which result in a win-win-win for Medibank, Kogan's shareholders and, most importantly, Kogan's customers," Mr Shafer said.
"Kogan Health will bring healthy competition to the health insurance industry, ultimately making it more affordable to take control of your health."
Kogan expects to launch its health insurance business in the second half of the current financial year.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
AFTER no food or water overnight and an hour-long steaming hot bath this morning Jeff Horn made the welterweight limit for his WBO world title fight with Gary Corcoran tomorrow night at the Brisbane Convention & Exhibition Centre.
He was in good spirits despite the privations and for extra spice on his empty stomach donned a unique prop — a pair of ear muffs with teeth attached as a nod to his opponent's threat to bite him.
Camera Icon Jeff Horn takes a shot at opponent Gary Corcoran. Photo: Getty Images Picture: Getty Images
Horn weighed 66.52kg and Corcoran 66.47 at yesterday's official weigh-in. The welterweight limit is 66.68kg.
While Corcoran is full of confidence he is so little known in the world of boxing that ring announcer Michael “Let's Get Ready to Rumble” Buffer twice introduced him to the crowd as “Gary Gallagher”, drawing heavy groans from his team and from Bob Arum, the world's leading promoter.
“They'll all know my name after this,” Corcoran said.
The English gypsy's team immediately raised the issue of Horn's fighting style — and what they call deliberate headbutts — with New York referee Benjy Esteves Jr, who said he would enforce the rules of boxing to the letter for both teams.
Camera Icon Jeff Horn and Gary Corcoran eyeball each other at the weigh in. Photo: Liam Kidston Picture: News Corp Australia
Horn was joined at the weigh-in by his heavily pregnant wife Jo and said her welfare was his top priority, even more than the big fight.
“There's going to be a problem tomorrow if Jo has the baby at the fight,” Horn said.
“We might have to postpone the bout because Jo will kill me if I don't go to the hospital with her.”
The world welterweight champion said he would refuel all afternoon with electrolyte drinks and pasta and watch an action movie with Jo to inspire him for the fight.
He has taken to wearing a sleep apnoea mask to stop snoring and says it allows him to wake feeling much more refreshed than in recent weeks.
Horn snored heavily before the July victory over Manny Pacquiao but Jo, who normally silences it by elbowing him in the ribs, let him get as much shut eye as possible leading into the victory before 51,000 people at Suncorp Stadium.
Horn had an unlikely supporter join him at yesterday's weight-in, former world champ Amir Khan who said he was backing Horn for victory and not Corcoran, his countryman.
Camera Icon Amir Khan with Jeff Horn. Photo: Liam Kidston Picture: News Corp Australia
“I support Gary Corcoran and I would have sparred with him if I didn't have to have hand surgery,” said Khan, who has been on the Gold Coast hinterland filming the TV show I'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here!
“But Jeff Horn is a very strong, aggressive fighter. He puts huge pressure on his opponents and I think he will win this.
“I want to get a good look at him fighting in person because he and I might be a big fight in 2018. I would use a lot of angles and movement against him.”
Justices decline to remove prosecutors from murder trial
AUGUSTA, Maine (AP) — Maine's supreme court has declined to remove prosecutors handling the case of a mother accused of beating her 10-year-old daughter to death with her husband's help.
Defense attorney Chris MacLean contended prosecutors inappropriately obtained records relating to defendant Sharon Carrillo's mental health state.
The attorney general's office filed a subpoena with a school in New York and threatened a made-up court date if the records weren't produced. The attorney general's office said the error was just a mix-up caused by a miscommunication among prosecutors.
The supreme court dismissed an appeal by Carrillo's attorney on Tuesday.
Sharon and her husband, Julio Carrillo, have pleaded not guilty in the death of her daughter, Marissa Kennedy, in Stockton Springs. Investigators said they acknowledged taking turns beating the girl before her death in February.
April 24 (UPI) -- The Chew co-host Carla Hall announced Tuesday she will guest star on the ABC soap opera General Hospital next month.
The 53-year-old chef and author revealed on The Chew that she taped two episodes of the daytime drama playing a fictional character, not herself.
"I can't really tell you!" she replied when her co-hosts Michael Symon and Clinton Kelly pressed her for details about the character and whether she is a villain or a heroine.
"I'm in the middle of the road," she said, adding she did have the opportunity to give someone her signature side-eye glance. Hall's first episode of GH is to air May 16 and the second will be broadcast later in the month.
Increases in dust due to climate change could result in additional illness and deaths in US Southwest by 2100
In 1935, at the height of the Dust Bowl, a team of researchers from the Kansas Board of Health set out to understand the impact of dust on human health. In areas impacted by dust storms, the researchers documented an increase in respiratory infections, a 50-to-100 percent increase in pneumonia cases and an overall increase in "morbidity and mortality from the acute infections of the respiratory tract."
And yet, the reported concluded on an optimistic note. After all, the researchers noted, the rain fell, the skies cleared, and it was hoped that something like this "will never occur again."
Fast forward to 2018. Researchers from the Harvard John A. Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Sciences (SEAS) and Department of Earth and Planetary Sciences (EPS), and the George Washington University (GWU) have found that in the coming decades, increased dust emissions from severe and prolonged droughts in the American Southwest could result in significant increases in hospital admissions and premature deaths.
"Our results indicate that future droughts driven by climate change could pose a potentially substantial public health burden in the U.S. Southwest," said Pattanun "Ploy" Achakulwisut, former Harvard graduate student and first author of the paper. "This is a climate penalty that is not yet widely recognized."
Achakulwisut is currently a postdoctoral fellow at GWU's Milken Institute School of Public Health.
The research is published in Environmental Research Letters.
Since the Dust Bowl, the link between exposure to airborne particles and cardiovascular and respiratory illness has been well documented but little attention has been given to how climate change may impact airborne dust levels.
This research, led by Achakulwisut, Loretta Mickley, Senior Research Fellow at SEAS, and Susan Anenberg, Associate Professor of Environmental and Occupational Health at GW, is the first to quantify how changing climatic conditions in the U.S. Southwest and northern Mexico may impact airborne dust levels and human health.
"The U.S. Southwest has been seeing some of the fastest population growth in the U.S., and the area is projected to experience severe and persistent droughts in coming decades due to human-caused climate change," Anenberg said. "We know that droughts are associated with increases in exposure to small dust particles (PM2.5) and minerals. These pollutants can penetrate deeply into the lung and are linked to asthma, respiratory inflammation, and cardiovascular mortality, as well an illness known as Valley Fever that is on the rise in the Southwest."
Relying on observational data of airborne fine dust levels and regional drought conditions over the past 16 years, the researchers found that years with higher-than-normal dust levels in the U.S. Southwest correspond to dry soil conditions across southwestern North America, including areas spanning the Chihuahuan, Mojave, and Sonoran Deserts. The researchers estimated future changes in dust levels associated with drought conditions under the best- and worst-case climate change scenarios, and quantified how those changes would impact human health in the surrounding areas.
They found that, depending on different climate change scenarios, airborne dust levels may increase by 10 to 30 percent. As a result, premature deaths attributable to fine dust could rise by between 20 to 130 percent, and annual hospitalizations due to dust-related cardiovascular and respiratory illness could grow by between 60 and 300 percent by 2100. These estimates take into account population growth in the region, as well as changing vulnerability to disease.
"This research highlights the need to better understand both the potential affects climate change will have on dust levels, and the specific health impacts of exposure to fine dust in populated, arid regions that may be vulnerable to climate change," said Mickley. "Our results suggest that drought-driven increases in fine dust would pose a substantial public health burden in the U.S. Southwest, especially under the worst-case climate change scenario."
###
This research was supported by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.
BCHL Today is a (near) daily look at what's going on around the league and the junior A world.
Welcome to the March 19, 2018 edition of BCHL Today, a (near) daily look at what's going on around the league and the junior A world.
We dive back into playoff action, with four more games in the books since last we talked.
Let's start in Vernon where the Vipers didn't have it as easy as they did in a 7-1 game-one win, but a 3-1 triumph in game two has them up 2-0 on Wenatchee.
After all the discussion about Wild goaltending, it was difficult to point the finger of blame at Austin Park in this one. He wasn't great, stopping 25 of 28 shots for a .893 save percentage, but he wasn't a liability either. Most nights, Park's effort gives Wenatchee a chance to win, but in this series the Wild offence is missing in action. Two games, two goals from a team that averaged a league-leading (by far) 4.15 per game during the regular season.
AJ Vanderbeck scored Saturday night. After tying for the BCHL lead with 37 snipes during the regular season, the Colorado native has just two in the post-season. If Wenatchee's goaltending isn't going to be a strength, then Vanderbeck and the Wild offence have to do more.
Credit to Vernon's stifling D and goaltender Ty Taylor. Just when you think his numbers can't get any better, Taylor drops his goals-against average to 1.65 and raises his save-percentage to .942. These are video game numbers for a goalie.
Wenatchee will hope home ice makes a difference when the series switches to the Town Toyota Center Tuesday night (7:05 p.m. start). The Wild had the league's best home ice record during the regular season, at 24-4-1-0 and they were 2-0 in their opening round sweep of Merritt.
It's safe to say game three is a must-win for Wenatchee.
————————————————————————————————————————————————
The other Interior division series isn't going well for the underdogs.
Penticton swatted Trail 7-2 at the South Okanagan Events Centre Saturday night to go up 2-0 as the series shifts back to Cominco Arena Tuesday night (7 p.m.).
The story of game two was power plays. While Trail only got two chances with the extra man, coming up empty on both, the Vees converted on five of seven opportunities. Owen Sillinger had a hat-trick, with two of his goals coming on the PP. Jackson Keane scored twice on the PP and Lukas Sillinger collected his first of the postseason on the man advantage.
Jack Barnes added an even strength goal, with Spencer McLean and Tyler Ghirardosi replying for the Smoke Eaters.
Two of Penticton's PP goals came during a five-minute major, handed to Ethan Martini for a blow to the head that came after the whistle. The six-foot-six blueliner has to be suspended for such a vicious hit, and his absence would be a blow to a Trail defence corps that is already struggling.
Adam Marcoux went the distance in the Smoke Eaters net, stopping 28 of 35 shots for a .800 save percentage. The Calgary native has struggled in this series, giving up 12 goals so far, but that may be as much a function of what's going on in front of him as anything else.
I talked about home ice being a potential lifeline for the Wenatchee Wild. Trail, on the other hand, wasn't terribly strong at the Cominco Arena, posting the BCHL's 10th best record at 18-10-1-0. The Vees, on the other hand, were the league's top road warriors at 19-8-1-1.
It's real hard to find anything Trail fans can cling to.
————————————————————————————————————————————————
The Victoria Grizzlies are digging themselves into another hole, but this time they not be able to escape.
The Grizz trail 0-2 in their second round series versus Powell River after a 3-2 loss Saturday night. Both defeats have come on home ice at the Q Centre, and now Victoria must hit the road for two games at the home of the Kings, the Hap Parker Arena.
I find goaltending fascinating, and I find the choices coaches make about goalies to be fascinating.
Victoria coach Craig Didmon started Zachary Rose in game two, and it's not like the decision blew up in his face. Rose played well, stopping 29 of 32 shots (.906 SP). My only question for Didmon would be, why such a short leash for Kurtis Chapman?
Chapman came into round two as the reigning BCHL Player of the Week after leading Victoria back from an 0-3 series deficit against Alberni Valley. He laid a major egg in game one versus Powell River, giving up four goals on 19 shots in a 5-1 loss, but despite that his overall playoff numbers are still an impressive 1.98 GAA and a .940 SP.
If he's not injured, I don't quite understand why he wouldn't get the chance to bounce back.
At the other end, Matteo Paler-Chow continues his outstanding playoff run. The Powell River netminder was busy, stopping 40 of 41 shots to earn first star honours. The 18 year old Vancouverite has posted a 2.09 GAA and .936 SP in the postseason. Goaltending could have been an Achilles Heel for the Kings, and I guess it still could be, but Paler-Chow has so far turned it into a strength.
The other item of note from his game is penalties. Later this week, I think I'll take another look at the overall numbers to see if reality is still lining up with my perception that calls are down in the playoffs. Victoria outshot Powell River 41-32 Saturday night, which is usually an indicator that a team is skating well and drawing obstruction calls.
But the Grizzlies only had one power play in the entire game. The Kings had four as referees Shayne Alyward and Hasret Sidhu kept their whistles in their pockets.
When I ran the numbers earlier in the playoffs, calls were indeed down from the regular season.
I mentioned it then and I'll repeat it now. A different standard between the regular season and playoffs drives everyone nuts, and there's no reason for it. If the idea is to ‘let the boys decide the games,' remember that a referee not making a call helps decide the game just as much as a referee making the call.
One final note on this game, coming from Powell River radio play-by-play man Alex Rawnsey.
“The two wins for Powell River on the weekend in Victoria against the Grizzlies is the first time this year (in 10 meetings) that the Kings defeated the Grizzlies in back-to-back games.”
This series resumes tonight, with a 7 p.m. start at the Hap Parker Arena.
————————————————————————————————————————————————
On to Prince George where Surrey won 3-2 Saturday night, evening that playoff series at one win apiece.
After getting throttled by a 9-1 count in game one, the Eagles had a lot to prove, and final score aside I'm not sure they did so in game two.
The shot clock favoured the Spruce Kings 48-19, and only a huge bounce-back effort from Mario Cavaliere saved Surrey from another loss. I wrote previously that Cavaliere seems prone to massive swings in performance. After coughing up six goals in that game one loss, the Ontario native produced his best game of the playoffs with a .958 SP.
RECAP: Cavaliere stopped 46 shots in a 3-2 victory in game two, as the Eagles tied the Mainland Division final 1-1 on Saturday night! Burgart notched his playoff-leading 9th goal, White potted his 3rd, and Wesley scored the eventual game-winner mid way through the third. pic.twitter.com/C6eF0Tp0pS — Surrey Eagles (@SurreyEagles) March 19, 2018
The Eagles were opportunistic with the few chances they got, which is what you have to do against PG. Desi Burgart's playoff-leading ninth goal got the scoring started midway through period two and an Aaron White strike had Surrey up 2-0 through 40 minutes. Ethan de Jong got PG on the board 7:41 into period three, but John Wesley answered at 12:21, giving the Eagles breathing room.
Ben Brar scored the second Spruce King goal with just one second on the clock.
Evan DeBrouwer had a rare meh night in the Prince George net, and he'll look to bounce back tonight as the series shifts to the South Surrey Arena for game two.
————————————————————————————————————————————————
Sticking with Surrey and finishing up with a scholarship, as Jackson Ross commits to Colorado College.
Ross is heading home to play NCAA Div-I hockey. The 20 year old native of Centennial, Colorado will join the Tigers this fall, becoming the sixth Eagle player this season to earn a scholarship. The others are Jordan Robert (Clarkson), Desi Burgart (Quinnipiac), Jeff Stewart (Colgate), Chase Danol (Bowling Green) and Cory Babichuk (RPI).
Colorado College plays in the National Collegiate Hockey Conference (NCHC) and competes against North Dakota, St. Cloud State, Denver, Western Michigan, Minnesota Duluth, Omaha and Miami (Ohio).
Ross is finishing up his second full BCHL season. He played one game in 2015-16 with Salmon Arm and has played his last 108 regular season and eight playoffs matches with Surrey, collecting 10 goals, 41 points and 117 penalty minutes.
“Jackson has been an absolute warrior for this organization,” said Eagles head coach Brandon West in a team press release. “We are extremely happy for him and his family. Jackson is a tireless worker that leads by example everyday and this opportunity to play in his home state is very well earned.”
Eric Welsh is the sports editor at the Chilliwack Progress and has been covering junior A hockey in B.C. and Alberta since 2003.
Email eric.welsh@theprogress.com
Advertisement
Beer, music, weddings and fun are all taking place tomorrow at the Pipestem Spa and Event Center for West Virginia's own Oktoberfest!
The Oktoberfest is taking place tomorrow in Pipestem, and will have beer, food, weddings and live music. The ticket is $28 per person, and can be purchased at the gate. It allows access to the event and unlimited beer.
“This is our second Oktoberfest. We have 60 different beers we have food vendors and food trucks. We have flown our food in from Germany, so we have the same exact food they sell at the Barbarian Oktoberfest. We have free tattoos all day long, and we'll also have live music all day,” said Anna Ferraraccino, CEO of Pipestem Spa.
The festival is a great way to experience German culture with family and friends. The festival begins at 11 a.m. and ends at 8 p.m.
Related
Comments
comments
Judge Elaine D. Kaplan, with the Court of Federal Claims, issued an opinion on Tuesday, August 8th, siding with Kansas State Treasurer Jake LaTurner and against the US Department of Treasury. Kansas had asserted that the federal government had failed to take any meaningful action to find and re-pay owners who bought savings bonds decades ago.
The opinion concurred with Kansas' solution for addressing this problem finding that Treasury failed to follow its own regulations and honor its historical promises.
The federal government must now work with Kansas to identify and return the proceeds of all savings bonds with last known addresses in the state. State Treasurers around the country have a number of resources at their disposal to help citizens claim their missing or unclaimed property.
“This opinion is a win for Kansans, especially those from the Greatest Generation,” said Kansas State Treasurer Jake LaTurner. “When individuals make financial sacrifices during dire points in our nation's history, at the very least, the federal government should hold up their end of the bargain. We wholeheartedly agree that the states are best equipped to reunite citizens with missing or unclaimed property. The Kansas Treasurer's Office looking forward to returning the money in question to Kansans at the appropriate time. Kansas is leading the effort with many other states to hold the US Treasury accountable. Not only a victory for the bond owners in Kansas but bond owners across the country.”
The Kansas State Treasurer's Office is charged with returning unclaimed property to its rightful owners and is actively working to return $350 million to Kansans.
The Federal Government now has an estimated $23 billion of matured and unclaimed US Savings Bonds that are no longer paying interest and need to be reunited with the people of the United States, and it is estimated that over $157 million of that belongs to Kansans.
In addition to our outreach to help locate the rightful owners of Unclaimed Property, the Kansas State Treasurer's Office posts all of its unclaimed property online at www.kansascash.com for anyone to search. You can find properties by first name, last name, or SSN. On the other hand, with respect to savings bonds, the Federal Government only allows people to search for bonds using their SSN and then only for bonds issued after 1974. Although, a large majority of the bonds were issued before 1974 and many were issued in support of the war efforts during World War II. Unfortunately, the rightful owners or heirs to these bonds are often only able to claim their money if they have the actual bond serial number. The State of Kansas now awaits further action by the federal government in regard to this ruling.
For more information on the Kansas State Treasurer's Office or unclaimed property, please visit www.KansasCash.com.
Java Software Engineer
Our client is one of the world's leading names in sports betting technology and trading. The Group employs almost 300 staff with in London , South Africa, Canada and across the UK. We have two principal divisions, a B2C operation, the pre-eminent sports spread betting company, and Solutions, a rapidly growing B2B operation which supplies real-time pricing and sports trading capabilities to sportsbooks around the globe.
We are currently building a fully functional Scala team to help with the development of our new Trading platform.The Person will
– Be keen to learn and get exposure to a wide range of technologies
– Want to work on an industry leading platform
– Have a passion for writing quality and testable code
– Enjoy working in a continuous delivery environmentThe Role
– Playing a key part in the Development of our Greenfields projects for our new platform
– Develop requisite diagnostics and monitoring tools for early detection of system faults
– Develop software iteratively that works seamlessly in a continuous deployment environment; biased on TDD and BDD approaches
– Establish early and continuous feedback loops with stakeholders for high quality outcomes
– Work closely with Traders and 1st line support to troubleshoot customer issues
– Be an active member of the team suggesting ways we can learn and improve
What We Are Looking For
– Someone with a passion for functional languages
– A solid understanding and demonstrable experience with Java and the JVM environment
– Exp with KUBERNETES and DOCKER
– An extremely smart and competent Java developer, who has the proven ability to pick up new languages quickluy and wants to work in SCALA
– Proven record in developing scalable, highly-available and highly-performing middle-tier components
– Experience in developing HTTP-based APIs and implementation of RESTful services with JSON
– Push technologies (e.g. AKKA, WEB SOCKETS, SignalR)
– Experience with communications technologies (e.g. WCF, Web API, Protocol Buffers) and message queues (e.g. KAAA, RabbitMQ)
– Technical background in web development with HTML, OO JavaScript, CSS, jQuery and AJAX
– Worked on UI frameworks such as React/Angular/Knockout
– Experience with relational (e.g. PostgreSQL) and NoSQL data stores (e.g. Couchbase, MongoDB, Cassandra) and in-memory distributed caches (e.g. Redis, Aerospike) and search products (e.g. ElasticSearch)
– Proven ability in delivering fully-tested software iteratively and continuously
– Fully equipped to deliver software on a multi-developer environment
– You enjoy autonomy and responsibility
Extra Marks If You Have
– Understanding of concurrency and distributed systems
– Understand the concepts of REST and HATEOS
– A passion for sport and some betting knowledge
Learn more/Apply for this position
Education Minister Mitzie Hunter packed more bologna than was thought to be humanly possible into a short letter to the editor last week.
To call the letter disingenuous would be a kindness. It was full of unadulterated nonsense.
"Our government remains committed to students in rural Ontario." Some plans to close rural schools involve disrupting student education and busing youngsters as long as 90 minutes a day one way. Some commitment.
The minister goes on to say the government spends $1,000 more for each rural pupil compared to urban pupils. So what? Of course education in rural areas will be more expensive. It's the density thing.
Hunter then detail all the money that has been spent on rural education, the new schools that have been built and schools that have been renovated.
Thanks very much, but what about the schools that have been closed?
Hunter takes on the Ontario Conservative leader for demanding a moratorium on school closings.
Hunter: "We continue to see Patrick Brown's Conservatives wanting to restrict the local decision making power of school boards limiting a board's ability to prioritize student needs.
"He wants the decisions that impact local students and communities to be made at Queen's Park without giving the locally-elected trustees . . . the opportunity to have these important planning conversations."
However, Hunter fails to mention these are decisions within a framework of her ministry's making. Local decisions are dictated by funding models that come right out of her department.
Under those models, local boards close schools or lose money. The bureaucrats who run local boards also fall out of favour with their counterparts at Queen's Park if they don't get on the school closing bandwagon.
Of course, this is all about politics and the provincial election in June 2018. Hunter's Liberals are about as popular in rural Ontario as a drunk at a Women's Christian Temperance Union meeting.
Two schools in the Georgian Bay region have escaped the ministry's guillotine at least temporarily because their communities came up with plans to provide financial help.
Private industry is in involved. Local government is involved. A developer is involved.
Neither Hunter's ministry nor the local school board lifted a finger to help keep these schools open, even though the case for closing them was weak at best.
The fact these two schools have been saved was just announced. Hunter is expected to visit the schools in Paisley and Markdale Wednesday.
No reason for the visit has been announced, but if she claims any credit for her ministry she should be shown the route out of town.
jmerriam@bmts.com
When a pastry shop shuts its doors on Valentine's Day, it's a pretty good sign something is amiss. So it is in the case of Ottawa retailer Swiss Pastries —a fixture in Ottawa for more than 50 years.
All four of its retail shops were closed on Tuesday. At Carlingwood, the store's shelves were still stuffed with sweets. There was no notice to explain to customers why the doors were locked.
Siegfried Heilemann, the company's owner since the fall of the 2015, notified a landlord on Feb. 1 that Swiss Pastries wouldn't be paying its rent.
Heilemann was not immediately available for comment.
The closure is a stunning development for Swiss Pastries, whose high-quality cakes and pastries were often onthe menu in Ottawa's diplomatic circles.
Founded by Hans Zuberbuehler — a master chocolatier who immigrated from Switzerland — the operation grew to include a bakery and retail outlets at plazas in Carlingwood, Billings Bridge, Westboro and Star Top Road. Hans's daughter Connie took over the company in 1995 and ran it profitably for two more decades.
Connie sold the firm in 2015 to Heilemann, who had been a manager at several Toronto area firms including Dimpflmeier Bakery and Backerhaus Veit. According to those familiar with the deal, Heilemann had intended to develop Swiss Pastries' bakery as a source of pastries and other sweets for the Toronto market.
A search of records kept by Office of the Superintendent of Bankruptcy revealed Swiss Pastries had not filed for insolvency or bankruptcy as of Feb. 10.
jbagnall@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/JamesBagnall1
The Pro Football Hall of Fame has a large contingent heading to Canton, Ohio, later this year, as wide receiver Randy Moss, wide receiver Terrell Owens, linebacker Brian Urlacher, safety Brian Dawkins, linebacker Ray Lewis, guard Jerry Kramer, linebacker Robert Brazile and Bobby Beathard made up the star-studded class of 2018 elected on Saturday.
Scroll for more content...
The group was announced during the taping of NFL Honors, a two-hour prime-time awards special held at the Cyrus Northrop Memorial Auditorium at the University of Minnesota. The group will be enshrined in Tom Benson Hall of Fame Stadium in August.
Moss is the first wide receiver to be elected in his first year on the ballot since Jerry Rice. In his career, which spanned 14 seasons, Moss had 982 receptions for 15,292 yards and 156 touchdowns and led the NFL in touchdown receptions five times. He also set the NFL record with 23 touchdown receptions in 2007 with the Patriots.
"I started this game at 6 years old and never imagined that I'd be here, putting on a Hall of Fame jacket," Moss said.
Owens, a previous snub, made it in his third year of eligibility. He noticeably was absent from NFL Honors on Saturday, opting instead, according to the Fort Worth Star-Telegram, to play basketball in Los Angeles.
"He was very calm, very respectful and kind of humble about it," Pro Football Hall of Fame President David Baker said when describing Owens' reaction when he got the phone call.
After a 16-year career, Owens finished with 1,078 receptions for 15,934 yards -- the second-highest yardage total in NFL history -- and 153 touchdowns, the third most. He also led the NFL in TD catches three times.
Owens previously had voiced his displeasure at not being elected, tweeting this time last year, "HOF is a total joke" when he didn't get in. This year, though, Owens celebrated with a post on Instagram, reading, "CONGRATS to the HOF CLASS OF 2018. We're GOLDEN!"
Lewis: 'I want to go fishing with a cigar'
Lewis, a first-time finalist, played for the Baltimore Ravens from 1996 to 2012. He was twice named AP defensive player of the year and won two Super Bowls, earning MVP honors in Super Bowl XXXV.
"Now I can finally rest," Lewis said. "I want to go fishing with a cigar now and just sit back. I don't want to work out every day now."
Another first-time finalist, Urlacher spent his entire career with the Chicago Bears from 2000 to 2012. He won a defensive rookie of the year award and in 2005 was named defensive player of the year.
"I'm glad I didn't have to vote, because it would be really hard to pick," Urlacher said.
Dawkins, in his second year of eligibility, was a safety with the Eagles and the Denver Broncos, spanning 16 seasons. He helped the Eagles to eight playoff appearances and was a nine-time Pro Bowler. He is the first player in NFL history to record a sack, interception, fumble recovery and touchdown catch in same game, when he did it against the Houston Texans on September 29, 2002.
Dawkins called it "extremely gratifying" to be elected the same year the Eagles are in the Super Bowl.
"That's huge," Dawkins said. "That goes above anything I can think about besides being able to now call myself a Hall of Famer."
Kramer: 'It's something I was afraid to believe in'
Kramer, a senior finalist, played from 1958 to 1968, anchoring the offensive line of the Vince Lombardi-era Green Bay Packers. The right guard is remembered for a key block that made way for Bart Starr's game-winning touchdown in the famous "Ice Bowl." In his 45th year of eligibility, this was his 11th time as a finalist.
"There were 10 times I was waiting for a knock on the door that didn't come, so there wasn't a great deal of confidence that it was going to happen this time," Kramer said.
The first time he heard a knock Saturday? "It's the maid," he said. "So we gather ourselves."
The knock from Baker came later. "I was over the top," Kramer said. "It's something I was afraid to believe in, was afraid to hope for."
A first-time finalist, Brazile, a linebacker from 1975 to 1984 with the Houston Oilers, also was a senior finalist. He was selected to seven Pro Bowls and held the team record with 147 consecutive games played.
"I want to say thank you," Brazile said. "To the selection committee, thank you all."
Beathard: 'Never really had it as a goal'
Beathard, a contributor finalist, is a former NFL general manager. Teams he worked for reached seven Super Bowls and won four.
"I worked all the years in the league and I never really had that as a goal or anything," Beathard said on the phone to reporters. "Never thought much about it. ... It's a real honor. I never dreamed about being in (the Hall of Fame)."
There were 18 finalists for this year's class, 15 of which are from the modern era. Of the 15, four were first-time finalists.
The Pro Football Hall of Fame's current bylaws stipulate that between four and eight new members are to be chosen each year. No more than five modern-era finalists can be elected in a given year.
To be eligible, modern-era players and coaches must have last played or coached more than five seasons ago. Contributors do not need to be retired to be eligible. Senior finalists are determined by the Seniors Committee, which reviews the qualifications of those players whose careers ended more than 25 years ago.
To be elected, a finalist must receive a minimum positive vote of 80% during the annual selection meeting. This year's class was selected by a 48-person selection committee.
Tom Brady named NFL MVP
In addition to the Hall of Fame announcement, the NFL and the Associated Press named their annual award winners at NFL Honors. Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, at age 40, was named NFL MVP.
The Los Angeles Rams had an impressive showing, with running back Todd Gurley earning offensive player of the year, defensive tackle Aaron Donald winning defensive player of the year and Sean McVay named coach of the year. The Saints swept rookie-of-the-year honors with running back Alvin Kamara on offense and cornerback Marshon Lattimore on defense.
The Walter Payton NFL Man of the Year went to Texans defensive end J.J. Watt, who raised more than $37 million for people affected by Hurricane Harvey.
VILNIUS (Sputnik) — NATO air police mission in Lithuania has been conducted by four French fighter jets Mirage 2000 since September 2016 while several German Eurofighter Typhoon jets are carrying out the mission from Estonian base.
"From January 5, 120 servicemen of the Netherlands' Air Force from Leeuwarden and Vokel airbases will take over from the French Air Force NATO's air policing mission in the Baltic states," the ministry said in a statement.
© AFP 2016/ Peter Malukas Some 400 Lithuanian Troops Set to Begin NATO Service in January
The Defense Ministry added that Netherlands' Air Forces conducted the NATO's air policing mission in Lithuania in 2005 for the first time. Four Dutch fighter jets had been carrying out the mission in Poland between September and December 2014.
The Baltic states do not have the aircraft fleet to conduct air policing missions, therefore NATO jets are entrusted with responsibility to ensure security in the airspace since April 2004.
The Larnaca Joint Rescue Coordination Centre (JRCC) has promoted Cyprus in its capacity as a humanitarian services and stability hub in the Eastern Mediterranean, Defence Minister Christophoros Fokaides said.
The minister addressed on Friday evening an event in honour of the services rendered by the members of search and rescue teams at the JRCC premises in Larnaca.
JRCC, he said, “is now recognised both in Cyprus and abroad having rendered invaluable services in the effort to rescue human lives but also having promoted Cyprus as a humanitarian services hub and a cooperation and stability hub in the Eastern Mediterranean.”
“The initiatives undertaken in recent years have made Cyprus known even beyond European boundaries and have allowed the JRCC to gain recognition and to undertake training activities for neighbouring and European countries in a field in which it has distinguished itself and has established standards which other countries either follow or wish to follow,” he said.
Fokaides also said that in the context of Defence Ministers Councils where the necessity of political and military cooperation to deal with modern security challenges is discussed “Cyprus can be proud that it has already achieved a great deal and it can be an example for other countries.”
JRCC's Commander, Captain Kostas Fytiris said that in the last five years the vision to establish Cyprus as the most organised hub of humanitarian operations support in the Eastern Mediterranean has become a reality.
“Today, we reap the benefits of a titanic and ceaseless effort,” Fytiris said.
Share. NYCC included an up-close look at First 4 Figures' impressively detailed Solid Snake. NYCC included an up-close look at First 4 Figures' impressively detailed Solid Snake.
First 4 Figures highlighted a number of its statues at New York Comic Con 2017, including this $500 Solid Snake.
With an estimated Q3 2018 release, preorders will soon open for First 4 Figures' Metal Gear Solid statue, which you can see, along with the company's other NYCC showings, below:
First 4 Figures Statue Gallery NYCC 2017 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 19 01 19 First 4 Figures Statue Gallery NYCC 2017 Download Image Captions ESC
F4F also had statues based on Dark Souls, Spyro the Dragon, and Crash Bandicoot's Aku Aku mask on display, among several others.
The Solid Snake statue has three interchangeable head sculpts,, night vision goggles with LED lights, and a rotating ammo box.
For more from NYCC, take a look at Ban Presto's impressive line of Dragon Ball and One Piece figures, and be sure to check out this heart-breaking Hodor statue, the chillest Spider-Man statue at NYCC, and learn more about The Walking Dead creator's new comic. New Pokémon Mega Construx sets and Star Wars: The Last Jedi figures have also been revealed.
IGN is keeping up with all the best cosplay from NYCC, too — check out our cosplay gallery, updated throughout the weekend, as well as the cosplay video below.
Jonathon Dornbush is an Associate Editor for IGN. Find him on Twitter @jmdornbush.
July 4 (UPI) -- Players from both teams wore patriotic apparel during the Boston Red Sox's 3-0 win against the Washington Nationals Wednesday at Nationals Park in Washington, D.C.
They wore American flag arm sleeves, high socks, hats and even had firework themed shoes for the afternoon slugfest.
Jackie Bradley Jr. helped the Red Sox secure the series sweep. The Red Sox centerfielder went 1-for-3 with two RBIs. Second baseman Eduardo Nunez scored the other run, coming in after a wild pitch in the seventh inning from Ryan Madson.
Eduardo Rodriguez spun a gem on the mound, allowing three hits and a walk over six innings. He also threw six strikeouts to earn his 10th win of the season.
"The last few starts, I was throwing more fastballs and was getting more hard contact. Today, I was using my changeup and slider, and it worked well like before," Rodriguez told reporters, according to MLB.com.
"Every time I throw the changeup for a strike and get a swing and miss, it helps my fastball, because they just think of the changeup and they get below it."
The Nationals face the Miami Marlins at 7:05 p.m. Thursday at Marlins Park in Miami. The National League East squads are facing off in a four-game series.
Boston currently tops the American League East and kicks off a three game series against the Kansas City Royals on Friday at Kaufmann Stadium in Kansas City, Mo.
A report by the Royal Bank of Canada found that housing became less affordable in Canada in the first three months of 2018. The figures reflect the total, before tax family income needed to pay for mortgage payments, property taxes and utilities like heat and electricity.
The proportion of median family income that was needed to pay for a house was 48.4 per cent. That was up 0.4 per cent from the final quarter of 2017. The change reversed a 0.3 percentage drop that had occurred in that period.
Interest rates add pressure
Mortgage rates had increased for two quarters and there is an on percentage point increase in the Bank of Canada's overnight interest rate by the first half of 2019. This would worsen housing affordability.
The rule of thumb in the 1970s used to be that one should spend no more than one-quarter of one's income on housing. In Vancouver now, it takes a whopping 87.8 per cent and in Toronto 74.2 per cent.
Some cities are still reasonable for housing
Affordability decreased modestly in most other Canadian markets because higher interest rates outpaced stable housing prices. There was deterioration in cities like Saskatoon, Ottawa, Halifax and St. John's but housing costs there are more reasonable at between 27 to 36 per cent.
The report suggests that the next city to see a drop in affordability may be Montreal where costs the proportion of family income needed to own a home reached an all-time high of 43.7 per cent.
Middle class dreams dashed in Vancouver, Toronto
Middle class parents living in major Canadian cities have little hope that their children will be able to buy homes there. And unless those children rocket into the upper class, they will not be able to afford a house on one salary.
Last week, Theresa May arrived in Brussels to meet with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and Commission's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier for a final round of negotiations within the first phase of Brexit talks.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The United Kingdom may lose 10,500 jobs on the first day of Brexit due to their relocation from the country, while the Irish capital of Dublin and the German city of Frankfurt may benefit as financial centers from London's withdrawal from the bloc, the Ernst and Young (EY) accountancy firm said Monday.
In 2016, a total of 12 financial services firms estimated that 12,500 jobs would move out of the United Kingdom as a consequence of Brexit, EY noted.
Last week, London and Brussels announced the long-anticipated breakthrough in Brexit talks, paving the way for the negotiators to move to the second phase of talks, dedicated to the future trade relations.
Omar Ali, EY's UK financial services leader, said that the announcement was a "relief" to the businesses across London.
"It signaled an intention to agree a transitional period as early as possible next year and the starting point for negotiations on future trade deals, both of which are fundamental to avoid adding any additional risks to the system and for the future strength of the UK financial services industry," Ali pointed out.
Last month, the Bank of England warned that around 10,000 jobs could leave London after the UK departure from the bloc.
The bank has also addressed UK companies, demanding them to submit contingency plans for various Brexit options, including withdrawal without an agreement with the European Union, the so-called hard Brexit.
READ MORE: Lawmakers Force UK Government Rethink Over Greater Scrutiny on Brexit Changes
During the last week's talks within the final round of the first phase of Brexit, Theresa May, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and Commission's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier had to agree on the basic terms of Brexit, including the question of borders, Britain's financial payments to its European partners and the rights of EU citizens in Britain after Brexit.
You may not post new threads
You may not post replies
You may not post attachments
You may not edit your posts
HTML code is Off
A crook, likely hunting for valuable copper, cut a signal cable on the Trillium Line while the trains were in service during the morning commute Tuesday.
The rail line was still down Wednesday morning and OC Transpo wasn't sure when it would be running again.
Troy Charter, director of transit operations at Transpo, said trains had been running up until around 7:30 a.m. Tuesday when the signals suddenly stopped functioning.
“This is critical infrastructure for our system,” Charter said Wednesday. “The system relies on it to remotely control the switches and to set the stop and go signals for the trains. When we got that notification, the trains immediately stopped and we couldn't continue with service.”
Charter said Transpo doesn't want to speculate, but it believes the crook was looking for copper.
“There was some cabling that was cut and removed,” Charter said, but he declined to say where the damage happened for security reasons or if it was in the same place as a similar incident in March 2017.
“We don't want to invite this from occurring,” Charter said. “It's highly dangerous for people to be accessing the right-of-way when there's train movements going on.”
Transpo special constables are working with Ottawa police on the cable heist. Charter said there are closed-circuit TV cameras in the area and any footage will be turned over to police.
The transit agency has been trying to reduce the number of cable-carrying poles along the tracks. The signal cables at various heights descend into housing units that power the system. Charter said by the end of this year Transpo will have eliminated the poles.
Charter didn't know how much the wire would cost to replace or how much revenue might be lost because of the train outage. Transpo has been running the parallel Route 107 bus service while the train is down.
“For us, it's the impact to the system the impact to our service and it's the inconvenience to our customers,” Charter said. “We do immediately set up replacement Route 107 bus service, but the train has proven to be reliable and is very much a value-added part of our transportation network. It's the loss of service that's the big impact for us.”
Trillium Line operations started at 6 a.m. Tuesday. The rail service was running fine until the signals went down about 90 minutes later, which suggests the crook might have been taking a big risk while trains were roaring down the track.
“It is highly dangerous and there are trains going through there. We have a very frequent service so it's very dangerous to do that,” Charter said.
“But the important for us here is the safety features of the system worked and we were immediately notified and unfortunately we're dealing with inconvenience for customers and it's taking a while to rectify the problem, but we'll get the system going as soon as possible.”
Charter couldn't say if the Trillium Line will be operating again on Wednesday.
It's one thing to fix the cable, but Transpo needs to run several tests to make sure the signals are working before trains can resume carrying customers.
The Confederation Line LRT, which is scheduled to open in November, uses technology that runs cables underground and a wireless network. There won't be any overhead wires except for the energized overhead catenary lines that power the trains, Charter said.
“They're very, very different systems and different measures in place,” Charter said.
“With the Stage 2 of the Trillium Line, with that expansion, and with the work we've been doing the past couple of years removing the poles, we believe we're effectively removing the problem on the Trillium Line.”
jwilling@postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
April 3 Snc-Lavalin Group Inc:
* Snc-Lavalin confirms that it has made an approach to WS Atkins
* A transaction would value WS Atkins at approximately $3.5 billion
* Confirms it has made approach to buy entire issued & to be issued share capital of Atkins at 2,080 pence per WS Atkins share in cash
* Confirms that it is currently in discussions with WS Atkins
* If transaction was to proceed, it is currently contemplated that up to $1.9 billion will come from Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec
* Does not currently expect total equity portion of financing, including any equity from CDPQ, to exceed one third of total consideration
* Will have right to reduce offer price by dividend amount paid/becomes payable by WS Atkins to WS Atkins shareholders before completion of deal Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN DIEGO -- The aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt and cruiser USS Bunker Hill are scheduled to leave San Diego Friday for deployment to the western Pacific Ocean and Persian Gulf.
The vessels will be joined by the destroyers USS Halsey and USS Preble, which are based in Hawaii, and the destroyer USS Sampson, whose home port is in Washington state.
Altogether, Carrier Strike Group 9 will embark 7,500 sailors, Marines and airmen, according to the Navy.
"The U.S. Navy carrier strike group is the most versatile, capable force at sea,'' said Rear Adm. Steve Koehler, CSG 9 commander. "After nearly a year of training and integration exercises, the entire team is ready as a warfighting force and ready to carry out the nation's tasking.''
Squadrons from Carrier Air Wing 17 -- from bases around California, South Carolina and Washington -- will fly from the "Big Stick.''
Also deploying will be the Coronado-based "Providers'' of Fleet Logistics Support Squadron 30, the "Indians'' of Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 6, and the "Battlecats'' of Helicopter Maritime Strike Squadron 73.
The Roosevelt, named after the nation's 26th president, will leave for its first deployment since San Diego became its home port two years ago.
"It is a privilege and joy to lead this magnificent crew out on deployment,'' said Capt. Carlos Sardiello, the Roosevelt's commanding officer. "We are grateful for the steadfast assistance provided by those responsible for manning, training and equipping this ship and air wing team, as well as the support and sacrifice of our families and friends in San Diego and beyond.''
The Bunker Hill, named for the site near Boston of a key Revolutionary War battle, returned from its last deployment in June 2015.
Can old friends make peace in the wake of an unexpected tragedy? That's the million-dollar question on Saturday's Halt and Catch Fire (AMC, 9/8c), as Cameron arrives to help Donna pack up Gordon's house. (May he rest in peace!)
In the exclusive sneak peek above, Donna tells Cameron that she managed to get to the end of her video game Pilgrim — which, as viewers will recall, is no small feat.
“You finished it?” Cameron asks, taken by surprise. “Finally!” Donna exclaims. “You made it hard enough!” But it's the warm exchange that follows that offers a glimmer of hope for the ex-Mutiny partners to reconcile, after barely being in the same room together for the better part of a decade.
Elsewhere in Episode 8, “Goodwill,” Joe helps Haley track down a memorable keepsake, and Bosworth makes his famous chili. (The extended episode runs a total of 75 minutes — so adjust your DVRs accordingly.)
Press PLAY on the clip above, then head to the comments and tell us if you think Cameron and Donna will bury the hatchet before the series finale on Oct. 14.
More research should be pursued about violence against transgender individuals, especially among young and Black or Latina transfeminine women, according to a recent study completed by Dr. Alexis Dinno, Sc.D., M.P.H., M.E.M., professor and researcher in the Oregon Health Sciences University-Portland State University School of Public Health.
Homicide rates among transgender individuals are essentially invisible, given that US public health systems don't track such deaths by transgender identity.
While the transgender population overall appears to have much lower homicide rates than the cisgender population in the U.S., this data is misleading. Coroners' reports and death certificates give no indication of a deceased's status as transgender versus cisgender at time of death. As a result, public health systems should track violence against transgender individuals in their systems and reporting.
Dr. Dinno studied homicide rates for transgender residents and transfeminine, Black, Latin@, and young (aged 15-34 years) subpopulations during the period 2010 to 2014 using Transgender Day of Remembrance and National Coalition of Anti-Violence Programs transgender homicide data. Using a sensitivity analysis, she concluded that anti violence public health programs should identify young and Black or Latina transfeminine women as an especially vulnerable population.
###
Council on Alcoholism & Drug Abuse staffer works with youth — and their parents — to educate themselves and their community
[Noozhawk's note: This article is part of Day 6 in Noozhawk's 12-day, six-week special investigative series, Prescription for Abuse. Related links are below.]
Name: Shereen Khatapoush
Location: Santa Barbara
Occupation: Youth drug abuse worker
Shereen Khatapoush chose her career path when she was 15 years old.
“One of my best friends let someone who had been drinking drive her car, there were four people in the car and three of them died,” she said. “It was in my early formative years when I learned what real damage alcohol and other drugs can cause. This can be prevented, I thought. Lives could be saved.”
Khatapoush is now Youth Services System director of the Santa Barbara Council on Alcoholism & Drug Abuse. The program provides drug-related education, prevention and intervention for middle and high school students throughout Santa Barbara County.
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
Khatapoush graduated from UCSB, where she started a Students Against Destructive Decisions chapter to demonstrate what poor judgement can lead to.
She joined CADA in 1993, a year after it was awarded a $3 million Fighting Back grant from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation to combat alcohol and drug abuse.
“There's a large substance abuse problem in this area,” Khatapoush said. “We live in a community and culture that is conducive (for abuse) for a number of reasons.”
One of the main factors behind substance abuse is accessibility. Santa Barbara is a tourist destination and has a high number of off- and on-sale outlets, she said.
When it comes to prescription medications, doctors are overprescribing pills and that prescription can sometimes lead to a false sense of security, Khatapoush said.
“A lot of it comes from a take-a-pill culture,” she said. “Drug companies are doing a good job pushing pills and doctors are writing more prescriptions, so it's more available. People have a perception of safety (when it comes to prescription drugs).”
According to a 2010-2011 Santa Barbara County study, 17 percent of high school juniors have tried prescription pain killers at least once.
“There is a lot less stigma associated with taking a pill,” Khatapoush said. “It's not like injecting or snorting something so people feel more safe.”
Khatapoush said one of the most effective ways to deter prescription drug abuse is educating parents through programs like Operation Medicine Cabinet, a joint effort between the Sheriff's Department and the county Public Works Department. The two agencies have installed secure drop boxes at nine sheriff's substations so residents can get rid of all types of unwanted medications, including prescriptions and over-the-counter drugs.
“There needs to be education and supply reduction,” she said. “Doctors need to be more conscious of the prescriptions being written and people need to understand if they don't take their full course of medication there are easy ways to dispose of what they don't use.”
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
— Noozhawk staff writer Alex Kacik can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
Vacation With Your Valentine: America's Most Romantic RetreatsAn introduction to five of America's best romantic retreats to celebrate Valentine's Day
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Long-hitting American Justin Thomas stormed to an emphatic victory at the PGA Championship on Sunday.
The 24-year-old from Kentucky, with six birdies in the final round, claimed his first major title with a closing 68 to finish at eight-under 276 at Quail Hollow.
He joins Spaniard Sergio Garcia (Masters), American Brooks Koepka (U.S. Open) and American Jordan Spieth (British Open) as 2017 major champions. (Reporting by Andrew Both; Editing by Frank Pingue)
The new Newman Grove Medical Clinic will host an open house on Monday, June 4, from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. The clinic is located at 108 N. First Street, right next door to the old clinic. A sack lunch will be provided while supplies last.
“This has been a smooth project from the start, and we're excited to open our doors for our patients,” said President and CEO Tanya Sharp.
Construction began on the clinic in October. The finishing touches were completed at the end of May when staff began moving equipment and supplies to the new building.
The clinic is a Behlen steel building and nearly a replica of the Boone County Health Center's (BCHC) Spalding Medical Clinic. It features two exam rooms, a larger room for medical procedures, a large laboratory, restrooms, a spacious front lobby and reception area, foyer, break room, and doctor's office.
Read the complete story in the May 30 Albion News & Petersburg Press, Print and E-Editions.
Ocean Springs high schooler Alex Authement is showing people you don't judge a book by its cover. During a pep rally last week he beat out other students in shooting the most baskets during a knockout game.
Injuries forced Tampa Bay (2-2) second-round pick Justin Evans to start at safety in their Thursday Night Football showdown against the New England Patriots (3-2), and the rookie took advantage of his opportunity.
In his first career NFL start, the former Stone Tomcat and MGCCC Bulldog recorded his first career NFL interception, snagging a pick from five-time Super Bowl champion Tom Brady in the first quarter. It was the first interception thrown by Brady in a regular season road game since 2015.
Evans finished with a career-high nine tackles, but Tampa Bay ultimately fell to New England 19-14.
Donald Trump has allowed the release of the controversial memo that alleges the FBI abused power in its investigation into ostensible Russian meddling in the 2016 elections.
Devin Nunes, the House intelligence committee chairman, made the Republican secret memo public on February 2, which is regarded by Democrats as an attempt to delegitimize Robert Mueller's probe into the alleged collusion between the Kremlin and Trump's campaign that “influenced” the outcome of US presidential race.
The four-page memo alleges bias against Donald Trump at the FBI and Justice Department, claims that its findings “raise concerns with the legitimacy and legality of certain DOJ and FBI interactions with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC)” and “represent a troubling breakdown of legal processes established to protect the American people from abuse related to the FISA [Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act] process.”
READ MORE: Robot Plot? Thought Not: Twitter Users Prove #ReleaseTheMemo is (Mostly) Humans
Nunes said in a statement Friday that he hopes the release will "shine a light on this alarming series of events so we can make reforms that allow the American people to have full faith and confidence in their governing institutions."
According to the released document, a dossier assembled by former British spy Cristopher Steele was used as a source to extend surveillance on Trump's adviser Carter Page because he spoke with the media. The memo suggests that Steele was “desperate that Donald Trump not got elected and was passionate about him not being president,” which is a “clear evidence of Steele's bias.” The memo also alleges that Steele “was suspended and then terminated as an FBI source for what the FBI defines as the most serious of violations — an unauthorized disclosure to the media of his relationship with the FBI.”
READ MORE: Trump on GOP Memo: 'I Think It's a Disgrace What's Happened in Our Country'
"I think it's a disgrace what's happening in our country. A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves," Trump said, referring to the matter.
The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans — something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 2 февраля 2018 г.
Former FBI Director James Comey couldn't help but comment on the news:
That's it? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs. — James Comey (@Comey) 2 февраля 2018 г.
The FBI Agents Association on Friday said in a statement that agents "have not, and will not, allow partisan politics to distract us from our solemn commitment to our mission."
"The men and women of the FBI put their lives on the line every day in the fight against terrorists and criminals because of their dedication to our country and the Constitution. The American people should know that they continue to be well-served by the world's preeminent law enforcement agency. FBI Special Agents have not, and will not, allow partisan politics to distract us from our solemn commitment to our mission."
The memo was compiled by Devin Nunes and alleges that DOJ officials, including former FBI Director James Comey, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, were spying on Donald Trump while he was running for president. Democrats, for their part, explicitly claimed that the memo was misleading and based on a selective use of highly classified information, meant to undermine Robert Mueller's probe. President Trump, as well as Russian authorities, has denied all accusations of collusion and the Kremlin's meddling in US elections.
A second club has joined the race to sign Chesterfield striker Kristian Dennis.
But Notts County, like Port Vale, have also had a bid for the goalscorer rejected by the Spireites.
Manager Martin Allen revealed the Magpies' interest on Tuesday night, a week after the player was transfer listed by request.
“Notts County have bid for Kristian Dennis,” he said.
“Now we have to wait and see if they improve their offer, that offer has been rejected.
“It's hard for me to say if they will increase their bid.”
Port Vale were the first to make a move for the man who scored 21 goals last season in Town colours, but Allen told the Derbyshire Times the offer wasn't good enough.
Dennis has been informed that he will be allowed to leave the club if someone meets Chesterfield's valuation.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Hundreds Expected To Cross Mackinac Bridge In Jeep The MacHundreds of Jeeps are expected to cross the Mackinac Bridge in the second annual Jeep the Mac.
Ford Recalling 53,000 Trucks That Can Roll Away While ParkedDealers will also replace the defective part for free, but Ford doesn't have the replacement parts yet. It will notify owners when the parts are available.
Q&A: Change To Fuel Economy Standards Could Impact ConsumersPresident Trump wants automakers to expand production in the U.S. and hire more workers. In exchange, he has promised to cut regulations and taxes.
Trump Announces Plan To Re-Examine Fuel Economy Standards"The era for the economic surrender for the United States is over, it's over," Trump told the crowd.
Speed up business decisions and increase ROI with Loadspring's functional and intuitive Cloud Platform. The tool gives users ultimate control over their projects and collaborations.
[WILMINGTON, 05/30/2018] – Loadspring is an expert in Cloud portfolio management, and it is committed to making jobs faster, easier, and more convenient for clients. It offers a smart Cloud platform that gives users instant project data and KPIs at a glance.
Project Management Made Easier
Loadspring makes it easier for users to make fast and informed project decisions. Its Cloud platform gives clients absolute control over their projects and collaborations. The LoadSpring Cloud platform functions as a user's digital gateway to the Cloud by delivering more than 200 project management applications, as well as instant access to project status, user training, licensing, and more.
Besides having several tools at their disposal, the powerful Cloud-enabling platform provides clients with ultimate accessibility and iron-clad security.
Customized Project Management Solutions
Loadspring designs its solutions to help users achieve greater project management efficiency and a greater ROI. The LoadSpring Cloud Platform features optional custom cloud environments, tailor-made to user specific business needs.
The platform is an ideal connection to the Cloud because it contains user applications specifically for engineering/construction, oil/energy and other project heavy industries, as well as custom integrations, and disaster recovery features. The customizable dashboard provides instant and useful information that helps clients make better business decisions.
A Streamlined Interface for Mobile Devices
Stay active and connected to key projects by accessing the company's interface from any mobile device. With it, clients can keep working on the field while getting up-to-date reports on the project's progress. Through LoadspringMobile, users can view the dashboard right from their fingertips, without needing full application licenses.
The cloud project management tool is easy to use: with single-sign on users simply log in once to their accounts, select a function, and manage project information from there.
About Loadspring
Loadspring optimizes Cloud-forward strategies to prevent risks and create value. The company hosts Cloud-based project management and engineering software solutions to help businesses achieve their goals and simplify their complex project needs.
For more information, visit https://www.loadspring.com/.
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, she said on Wednesday.
SWANS vice-captain Dane Rampe says the match time senior players have put in during the pre-season should help guard against another disastrous start to the year.
Sydney face West Coast at the new Perth Stadium on Sunday and are mindful of their worst beginning to a season in 23 years when they went 0-6 in 2017.
ROUND 1: HANNEBERY, McVEIGH PUSHING FOR SHOCK ROUND 1 APPEARANCE
AFL DAILY: ALL THE LATEST AFL NEWS IN ONE PLACE
SELECTION: SWANS READY TO UNLEASH YOUNG GUNS
SUPERCOACH: LAST-MINUTE SUPERCOACH CHEAT SHEET
Rampe and fellow senior players Lance Franklin, Josh Kennedy, Luke Parker and Jake Lloyd have all played at least three full games in the last month.
“Probably in light of last year we want to start as strongly as we can,” Rampe said.
“It's a new year and we aren't going to get caught on the back foot.”
The Swans have arguably the toughest start to 2018 of any team.
Camera Icon Dane Rampe says the Swans are more than ready for their tough start to the season. Picture: Getty Images, Getty
After meeting the Eagles who finished sixth last year they take on Port Adelaide (7th) at the SCG. They then play three of last year's top four, GWS (Round 3), runners-up Adelaide (Round 5) and third finishing Geelong (Round 6).
Rampe said they can't afford to look too far ahead or too far behind.
“Last year happened but we haven't focused on it too much,” Rampe said.
“Our focus is on round one and getting a good win regardless of what happened last year. That's always been our focus.”
Experienced pair Dan Hanneberry and Jarrad McVeigh both completed full training and are pushing for selection after battling calf injuries in recent weeks.
Camera Icon Dan Hannebery is pushing to play in Round 1. Picture: News Corp Australia, Phil Hillyard
“They are both pushing their claims very seriously,” Rampe said.
“Macca trained really well on Saturday and Hanners is probably a little bit further behind than McVeigh but he's definitely pushing his claim.”
The Swans cause will be helped by the absence of Eagles star forward Josh Kennedy who is still recovering from pre-Christmas ankle surgery.
“Kennedy is a big loss for them,” Rampe said.
“In saying that LeCras, Darling and even Yeo if he goes forward they're all dynamic down there and dangerous threats regardless. Just because there's no Kennedy doesn't mean we're taking our job any lighter.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
COLONIAL HEIGHTS, Va. — A woman said she believes the suspect arrested for firebombing her home in Colonial Heights likely targeted her family by mistake.
Police said the first incident happened when a home in the 2300 block of Franklin Avenue was struck by two Molotov cocktails on Thursday, June 28 at 3:30 a.m.
The front storm door received minor damage, but the fire spread to the front yard.
Surveillance video captured a male suspect, later identified as 37-year-old Nicholas Patrick Owens of Prince George County, fleeing the scene.
Firebombing victim: ‘I heard a loud bang'
Janelle Oldmixon, who has lived on Franklin Avenue for years, she never thought her family would be a target.
“Had I not woke up, I don't want to think what would've happened," Oldmixon said. "I heard a loud bang and when I came out to look through the window the entire front yard was pretty much engulfed in flames.”
Police said that Oldmixon's home was struck by two Molotov cocktails.
With no leads on who was behind all of this, the family became very worried about their safety.
“We're trying to come up with people that we may have had issues with, but we couldn't think of anything," Oldmixon said.
Then just three days later, another home on the same street was firebombed.
Oldmixon has a theory as to why her house was targeted.
“I think he was aiming for that house initially, which is also yellow house on Franklin Avenue, and I think he hit this one by mistake," Oldmixon said.
However, police have yet to confirm that.
Oldmixon said she can now sleep again knowing the suspect is behind bars.
“I want all charges brought against him as much as can be done,” she said.
Oldmixon said she is using the crime as a way to teach her kids to always be prepared for the unexpected.
“ I randomly quiz them on where the fire extinguishers are in living room," Oldmixon explained. "And after it happened I took my son out in the backyard and had him pull a pin and show me how to use a fire extinguisher.”
With just three games to go in the CONMEBOL World Cup qualifying tournament, Argentina's hopes of making it to the 2018 World Cup to be held in Russia hang by a thread.
It is possible that Lionel Messi and Argentina will not attend the 2018 World Cup as they qualified sixth place in the WC qualifiers table.
Argentina drew 0-0 against Peru on Thursday and entered the final round of the World Cup qualifying tournament in sixth place.
They also marked their fourth game without scoring a goal of their own.
They now need to beat Ecuador on Tuesday in order to ensure at least a spot in a playoff game with New Zealand.
“The last time Argentina went four consecutive games without scoring a goal was in 1990, when they did not score in their World Cup opener against Cameroon after failing to score in the last four games of the 1989 Copa America,” website ESPN reported.
Lionel Messi, who plays for FC Barcelona has been in a bad form as the striker has scored only four goals in the nine games in which he has played.
​Messi also has not scored in his last three games making him a big problem for Argentina.
​Interestingly, last year Messi said he quits the Argentine national team after the defeat to Chile in the Copa America final, however, later he reversed his decision. Explaining his return, Messi said that he wanted to continue representing his country as he preferred "to help from within".
"I consider there to be a lot of problems in Argentine football and it's not my intention to create another one," he said in August 2016.
BARCA FAN ACCOUNTS
LA LIGA MATCHES — Messi is a god there's nothing he can't do
ARGENTINA MATCHES — He's only human he can only do as much — PRAISE (@K1NG_JUDAH) October 6, 2017
​Argentina has also performed poorly at home this qualifying cycle, after having lost twice and having gone five games without a win.
In Vitro Diagnostics (IVDs) Market report provides the latest market data along with industry future trends, which keeps tracking of users driving revenue growth rate of In Vitro Diagnostics (IVDs) Market by test location (Central lab, Point of Care and Self-test/OTC), by region (North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and rest of the world) market status and outlook of global and major regions, from manufacturers, and end industries. As this report is expected to help key players among the In Vitro Diagnostics (IVDs) Market it includes the five years Industry analysis and the 6 years annual forecast from 2017 to 2023. Some of the prominent participants in the Global In Vitro Diagnostics (IVDs) Market are Roche Diagnostics, Siemens Healthcare, Danaher Corporation, Bio-Rad Laboratories, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Johnson and Johnson, Becton, Dickinson and Company, Abbott Laboratories, Sysmex Corporation, Diasorin S.P.A., etc.
Get free Sample Pages of this Premium Report: –
https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/313
Adoption of Point-of-Care Testing has Increased Because Of Growing Awareness of Personalized Medicine Are Likely to Drive the Growth of Market
Growing elderly population, rise in occurrence and frequency of chronic diseases and infections, rise in diagnoses population is due to increase in disease like malaria, diabetes, Cancer, tuberculosis, and cardiovascular disease. Adoption of Point-Of-Care testing has increased because of growing awareness of personalized medicine are likely to drive the growth of market. In addition, increasing awareness among the patients, technological innovations and advancement, are expected to positively affect the market growth over the forecast period. Moreover, increasing healthcare costs and lowering compensation affecting instrument sales are the key factors restraining the growth of this market. Increasing investments in emerging economies and increasing implication of friendly diagnosis are likely to bring more opportunities to this market.
Segments Covered:
The report segments the In-vitro diagnostics instruments market by product and by end user. Market segmentation based on product includes immunochemistry, clinical microbiology, POCT, tissue diagnostics, molecular diagnostics, hematology, hemostasis and SMBG. Moreover, the global In-vitro diagnostics instruments market based on end user is segmented into hospitals and diagnostic laboratories, homecare and academic and research institutes.
Americas and Europe Are Expected to Have a Moderate Growth Rate over the Forecast Period
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as Americas, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of the World. In this section the key trends and market size for each geography is provided over the period of 2015 – 2023.Americas was the largest market among the geographies due to developed healthcare systems in the U.S. & Canada, and rising acceptance of technologically advanced products in this region. Following the Americas and Europe were also accounted to have a strong hold on global in-vitro diagnostics instruments market. Furthermore, these regions are expected to have a moderate growth rate over the forecast period. Moreover, Asia-Pacific region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR, due to the growth in research activities and increasing investments by leading players in the region. Moreover, Middle East and Africa (covered in ROW region) is expected to grow gradually over the forecast period due to rapid industrialization and changing lifestyle of the consumers in Brazil and other countries.
Major Key Players Mentioned in this Premium Report
The companies covered in the report include Abbott Laboratories, Inc., Siemens AG, Sysmex Corporation, Becton, Dickinson and Company, Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Inc., Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., Danaher Corporation, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Qiagen N.V., Johnson & Johnson, Roche Diagnostics, Diasorin S.P.A., Biomérieux SA.
Table of Contents:-
1. The scope of the report
1.1 Report description
1.2 Research methodology
1.3 List of abbreviations
1.4 Market segmentation
2. Executive summary
3. Qualitative analysis
3.1 Market overview
3.1.1 Drivers
3.1.2 Restraints
3.2 Porters five forces analysis
3.3 Market share analysis of key players, 2016
3.4 Competitive matrix of the key companies
4. Global In Vitro Diagnostics (IVDs) Market, by Test Type, 2017 – 2023
4.1 Central lab immunoassays
4.2 Blood glucose monitoring
4.3 Central lab clinical chemistry
4.4 POC (Point of Care)
4.5 Clinical molecular
4.6 Microbiology
4.7 Anatomic pathology
4.8 Hematology
4.9 Immunohematology
4.10 Blood screening immunoassays
4.11 Blood screening molecular
4.12 Central lab critical care
4.13 Central lab urinalysis
4.14 Coagulation
4.15 Other
5. Global In Vitro Diagnostics (IVDs) Market, by Test Location, 2017 – 2023
5.1 Central lab
5.2 POC (Point of Care)
5.3 Self-test/OTC
6. Global In Vitro Diagnostics (IVDs) Market, by Geography, 2017 – 2023
6.1 North America
6.2 Europe
6.2.1 Germany
6.2.2 France
6.2.3 UK
6.2.4 Italy
6.2.5 Spain
6.2.6 Portugal
6.2.7 Belgium
6.2.8 Poland
6.2.9 Netherlands
6.2.10 Others
6.3 APAC
6.3.1 China
6.3.2 Japan
6.3.3 India
6.3.4 Others
6.4 Rest of the World
7. Company profiles
7.1 Roche Diagnostics
7.2 Siemens Healthcare
7.3 Danaher Corporation
7.4 Bio-Rad Laboratories
7.5 Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.
7.6 Johnson and Johnson
7.7 Becton, Dickinson and Company
7.8 Abbott Laboratories
7.9 Sysmex Corporation
7.10 Diasorin S.P.A.
Browse Detailed TOC, Description and Companies Mentioned in Report @ https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/healthcare_medical_devices/global_vitro_diagnostics_ivds_market
× 16-year-old girl crashes truck into home
SAN DIEGO — Nobody was injured when an unlicensed teenage girl slammed her truck into a home in the Stockton neighborhood early Tuesday.
The crash occurred in the 400 block of 31st Street around 6 a.m.
Police say the girl hit the gas pedal instead of the brake.
It's not yet known how much damage the house sustained or whether anyone was inside at the time of the crash.
HOUSTON >> Turns out Huston Street won't be back anytime soon.
On Monday the Angels transferred Street to the 60-day disabled list, meaning he's not eligible to pitch in the majors until June 1.
The move was made to create a spot on the 40-man roster for minor league reliever Parker Bridwell, who the Angels acquired Monday from the Baltimore Orioles for cash considerations.
The Street development is more surprising, though.
General Manager Billy Eppler said via text that Street “encountered a mild shoulder impingement at the outset of his throwing program so we slowed him down.”
Street is on the disabled list because of a strained lat suffered March 3. He began throwing on April 4. On April 7, Street described what he called normal “stiffness and soreness” but he still said he was hopeful that he would be able to throw from the mound within about a week. Last week, Street said he still believed he was about five more throwing sessions from being able to be on a mound.
Certainly, he would have needed at least three or four weeks from his first time on a mound before he could pitch in a game, so the roster move may not slow that timetable by that much.
In any case, the Angels will remain without two of the three relievers who began the spring at the top of the depth chart. Andrew Bailey is also out with a shoulder problem. He has not thrown since being placed on the disabled list last week, Manager Mike Scioscia said Monday.
The Street move on Monday was to create a spot for Bridwell, who was considered by MLB.com to be the 15th-best prospect in the Orioles system. The Angels optioned him to Double-A.
Bridwell, 25, has a career 4.79 ERA in parts of eight minor league seasons. He has started 117 times in 143 games, although he's been a reliever mostly since the start of last season. Bridwell had allowed eight runs on 10 hits in four innings of relief so far this season at Triple-A. He pitched two games in the majors, both last season. He allowed five runs in 3 1/3 innings.
Revere's turn?
Ben Revere started over Cameron Maybin for the second game in a row on Monday, although Scioscia wouldn't go so far as to say he's supplanted Maybin as the starter.
“Cam is going to get obviously the lion's share of playing time in left field,” Scioscia said, reiterating a stance he's held since the start of spring training. “But right now we're mixing and matching a little bit until some of our guys get comfortable.”
Scioscia added that “it's a good time for Cam right now to exhale.”
Advertisement
Coming into the game, Revere was hitting .217 with a .250 on-base percentage and Maybin was hitting .212 with a .297 on-base percentage.
Also
Albert Pujols got his first day off of the season. Scioscia said they had planned to give Pujols a day off “at some point, and today is a good day in the schedule to do it.” Over the last three games, the Angels gave Mike Trout a DH day, and rested Andrelton Simmons and Pujols. The Angels are four games into a stretch of 36 games in 37 days. ...
Luis Valbuena has continued running, but still hasn't run the bases. Valbuena, who is out with a strained hamstring, was expected back sometime in late April or early May. The last steps are running the bases and playing some games in a rehab assignment.
Is mustard still the most popular item to put on a hot dog or is ketchup catching up? Well, it depends on what part of the country you're in.
According to the National Hot Dog and Sausage Council, here in the Midwest ketchup is king. Even though council rules specifically state that ketchup should not be used as a topping for anyone over the age of 18.
In fact, I have some friends who grew up in Chicago who say it's border-line sacrilegious to even bring up the word ketchup when being around a hot dog. Personally, I don't see what the big deal is.
Nearly three-quarters of those surveyed (71%) say they have no problem putting ketchup on a hot dog - however, 21% say it's unacceptable. Seems the younger the person the more accepting they are of ketchup compared to the older generation.
Nationally, mustard comes out on top with 71% of those surveyed saying that's their "go to" condiment. Ketchup is second at 52% with chili close behind at 47%.
Here in the Midwest ketchup ranks #1, the Northeast loves sauerkraut, southerners enjoy chili, cheese and coleslaw on their hot dogs, and the West likes to spice up their dog with a handful of jalapenos.
Me? The messier the better. The only condiment I'll probably take a pass on is jalapenos. Given my age, my "innards" don't seem to like them as much as they used to - if you know what I mean!
To read more about the survey to to the National Hog Dog and Sausage Council website.
Source: National Hot Dog and Sausage Council
See Also:
Sign Up for the Newsletter Enter your email to receive the latest news and information directly to your inbox! Name * First Last
Email *
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Man who poured boiling water over Hastings co-worker's head for taking a slice of sausage deported
The incident, that was caught on camera, took place in the lunchroom of a Turners and Growers pack house in Whakatu, near Hastings, in July 2015.
Junior Python Developer
Junior Python Developers! This is an opportunity for you to learn so much, you can become an Intermediate Developer in a years' time! All you need is a Tertiary Software Development Degree, Python and Linux scripting experience. Come on, there is a reason you are reading job ads, send me your CV. Qualification:Tertiary IT related qualification is essential (preferably in Software Development) Skills & Experience: Minimum 1-year experience with development and strong Linux scripting skillsYou will be exposed to Python, Git, Django, SQL, Linux and HTML to name a few Job Description:Research, development and implementation of software and infrastructure solutions for wholesale and retail logistics management and point of sale. Strong focus on open-source, CentOS / RedHat as a production environment and use of Python as a Programming language of choice. Let us assist you with your career. Connect with us on www.communicate.co.za and Register your CV to create a profile, view IT jobs and apply. If you have not had any response in two weeks, please consider your application unsuccessful. Your profile will be kept on our database and we will connect with you with any other suitable roles or positions.We also invite you to contact us to discuss other exciting career opportunities in our niche area!For more information please call, ARETHE PRINSLOO on (contact number), quoting the Ref: CIT027270.
Learn more/Apply for this position
Justin Timberlake's Super Bowl LII halftime show: Everything we know
Justin Timberlake at a Feb. 1, 2018 press conference in Minneapolis. (TIMOTHY A. CLARY/AFP/Getty Images)
Sponsor
Sponsor
On Sunday, Justin Timberlake will headline the halftime show at Super Bowl LII at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis. This will be Timberlake's third time performing on the Super Bowl stage, which is a record.
Timberlake just released his new album Man of the Woods, so there will surely be songs from the album performed during the halftime show. During a press conference yesterday in Minneapolis, Timberlake said one of his less-new songs is for sure being played: “Can't Stop the Feeling.”
Aside from that Timberlake hasn't confirmed any other songs but he did say in a behind-the-scenes video: “I believe it's [Super Bowl stage] also the place where there's nothing wrong with giving the people what they want.”
What a lot of people want is for Janet Jackson to join Timberlake to make up for the debacle of their 2004 “wardrobe malfunction,” but that's one thing we can't have. At the press conference, Timberlake insisted that there won't be any celebrity musical guests — and yes, that also includes his former NSYNC band members.
“My band, the Tennesee Kids, they're my special guest,” Timberlake said.
In a few different interviews, Timberlake has said that he wants his performance to unify people. He cited U2's halftime performance during which the band projected the names of the people who had passed away during the attacks on the World Trade Center.
“The hair on the back of my neck stands up just thinking about it,” Timberlake said in an interview with Mike Tirico. “Now what I want to do is take the opportunity to put together a performance that feels like it unifies.”
Another goal of Timberlake's is to get Al Michaels, T.V. newscaster, to “shake his booty.”
As far as choreography goes, Timberlake will be working with a longtime friend and choreographer, Marty Kuldeka. Kuldeka choreographed a lot of NSYNC's dances and has continued to work with Timberlake on his videos and concerts.
His wardrobe is being provided by British designer Stella McCartney, according to an article by GQ. He will be wearing a fringed biker jacket and a suit with camouflage splatter print.
One thing we can be certain of is that Timberlake has big shoes to fill ,and he only has 13 minutes to do it. The Super Bowl halftime show has featured legends from Michael Jackson to Beyoncé to Gloria Estefan. And of course, you can't forget Prince's iconic performance of “Purple Rain” in the rain.
What's your favorite halftime performance? Let us know in the comments.
JUPITER, Fla. - Dec. 11, 2017 - Scientists on the Florida campus of The Scripps Research Institute (TSRI) who had previously discovered the prostate cancer-killing compound LNM E1 have now brought the family of LNM molecules even closer to clinical testing by "mining" the information stored in bacteria genomes. Their research suggests these hidden genes hold the blueprints for designing new, even more effective cancer-targeting compounds.
"This points the way toward a new therapeutic opportunity," says lead investigator Ben Shen, Ph.D., TSRI professor and co-chair of the Department of Chemistry.
The findings were published today in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA.
Unlocking anti-tumor molecules in nature
The leinamycin (LNM) family is a group of compounds called natural products, produced by a bacterium that lives in soil. Until now, Shen and his colleagues were only aware of one member of the LNM family, a compound called LNM. By editing the genome of the bacterium, the Shen lab produced LNM E1, which they showed in 2015 could react with reactive oxygen species in prostate cancer cells, triggering death.
"So we knew the molecule was useful, but then what? We needed to make many variants to optimize efficacy in animal models," says Shen.
Unfortunately, synthesizing LNM E1 to make analogues has proven challenging because of the compound's complicated structure.
The lack of analogues led Shen and his colleagues to look to nature for help. Luckily, researchers have a valuable resource on TSRI's Florida campus, where Shen heads the Natural Products Library Initiative, a library consisting of purified natural products, partially pure fractions, crude extracts and bacterial strains collected from all over the globe that are available for screening.
By combing through this library and public datasets, the team discovered 49 bacteria with genes that appear to code for members of the LNM family. The researchers confirmed this finding through bioinformatics analysis and by isolating several of the newly discovered LNM compounds in the lab.
With this research, Shen and his colleagues now have an idea of the structural diversity in LNMs. They found that while bacteria evolved to have LNMs with many of the same characteristics, small changes, such as atomic differences in the building blocks of their core scaffolds, could make some LNMs more or less effective against cancer cells. The next step will be to study LMN molecule interactions with cancer cells to find out.
This finding represents a big shift in how scientists discover natural product drug candidates. Shen explained that for a long time, scientists had to cast a wide net to discover potential medicinal compounds, more or less by chance, in animals, plants, bacteria and fungi. With the more focused, genome-driven technique employed at TSRI, scientists can close in on suspected sources of a potential drug more efficiently, in this case, mining bacteria genomes to find the instructions for making LNMs.
"The technological advances we've made enable us to quickly identify sources of these types of natural products," says Shen. "This could dramatically impact the drug lead pipeline."
###
TSRI Research Associates Guohui Pan and Zhengren Xu served as co-first authors of the study "Discovery of the Leinamycin Family of Natural Products by Mining Actinobacterial Genomes," which also included authors from Ghent University, Belgium; Central South University and Yunnan University, China; and Myongji University, Korea.
The study was supported by the Chinese Ministry of Education 111 Project B08034, National High Technology Joint Research Program of China (grant 2011ZX09401-001), and National High Technology Research and Development Program of China (grant 2012AA02A705); the Cooperative Research Program for Agriculture Science & Technology Development, Rural Development Administration, Korea (Project No. PJ01128901); and the National Institutes of Health (grant CA106150).
About The Scripps Research Institute
BROWN rice, feta and beetroot salad sounds like the kind of dish millennials would fritter away a house deposit on.
So perhaps it is no surprise it is one of the most popular items at Winterfold Primary School's “green canteen” — WA's healthiest tuck shop.
Nearly every meal — 99 per cent to be exact — sold at the school last year received a green rating under the Education Department's Healthy Food and Drink policy, which encourages schools to stock their canteens with nutritious and wholesome food.
The school was among the first to strip its shelves of sugar and starch and, after recently receiving a fifth consecutive five-star rating under the WA School Canteen Association's (WASCA) accreditation program, can now safely lay claim to the unofficial title of the healthiest tuck shop in WA. Canteen manager Pip Slaughter said the Beaconsfield school's focus on fresh and varied dietary options had been embraced by teachers, students and parents alike.
“There has been a really big buy in, especially from the kids themselves,” Ms Slaughter said.
“Twice a year we have a competition where the students come up with their own recipe ideas which they then vote on, and the winning meal is put on the canteen menu for two terms.”
The popular brown rice salad, which uses beetroot grown in the school's own fruit and vegetable garden, was one of last year's winning entries, while other past winners of the coveted “Winterfold Kitchen Whiz” crown include pumpkin scones, tuna and pea pasta bake and leak and potato soup.
All WA public school canteens are required to follow the Education Department's Healthy Food and Drink policy, which mandates at least 60 per cent “green” items made up of fresh fruit and vegetables, cereals, reduced fat dairy and lean meats.
WACSA said its menu assessment of canteens across WA found the average menu contained 73 per cent green choices.
Some patchy fog is possible this morning.
TOPEKA FORECAST
Today: Becoming partly cloudy this afternoon with a high at 88.
Tonight: A few thunderstorms may move in overnight, with a low at 68.
Tuesday: Scattered afternoon storms, with a high at 87.
Wednesday: A cold front pushes through with a good chance of rain and thunderstorms, with a high at 88.
REGIONAL FORECAST
Today: Partly sunny, with a high at 91. South wind 6 to 9 mph.
Tonight: A 30 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms, mainly after 2am. Partly cloudy, with a low at 69.
Tuesday: A 30 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms, mainly before 2pm. Partly sunny, with a high at 90.
Wednesday: A 50 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms. Mostly cloudy, with a high at 89.
CTV Atlantic
A man charged in the shooting deaths of two men and the attempted murder of another in Halifax last year made his first court appearance Monday morning.
Sheriffs took extra security precautions as they led Tyrell Peter Dechamp in and out of Halifax provincial court.
Police say Dechamp was on a statutory release from prison when he allegedly shot and killed Tyler Richards in April 2016.
Police responded to a home in the 6900 block of Cook Avenue before 8 p.m. on April 17, 2016. They found the body of 29-year-old Richards inside the home. His death was later ruled a homicide.
Two days later, on April 19, 2016, police responded to reports of shots fired in the 2000 block of Gottingen Street before 11 p.m.
When officers arrived, they found two men suffering from gunshot wounds inside a vehicle.
Naricho Clayton was pronounced dead at the scene. The 23-year-old Dartmouth man's death was ruled a homicide.
A 31-year-old man was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries, but he survived.
Dechamp was arrested Friday at the Atlantic Institution correctional facility in Renous, N.B. He has been charged with two counts of first-degree murder and one count of attempted murder.
“We are alleging that there is some planning and deliberation,” said Crown attorney Rick Woodburn. “That means it is not just some heat-of-the-moment style of murder.”
Friends and families of the victims were present during Monday's hearing.
“It's more of a relief and it gives them a chance to move on. It's just getting through this process now is going to be hard for the families,” says Elaine Williams, Tyler Richards's friend.
Dechamp is also facing a charge of being unlawfully at large in connection with a Canada-wide arrest warrant that was issued on April 25, 2016.
The Parole Board of Canada states Dechamp was just finishing a sentence for second-degree murder and aggravated assault at the Atlantic Institution and had been eligible for release Monday.
Police searched Darmouth pond in November for evidence in Tyler Richard's case. Richards was a basketball star and played professionally for the Halifax Rainmen. He's been memorialized in his community of Mulgrave Park.
“If we show that we are stronger than that and show that Tyler was loved and taken from us in the wrong manner, it's just about respecting his family and being there together to support our community and his family,” says Williams.
Police aren't ruling out additional suspects. Dechamp will remain in custody until his next court appearance Jan. 10.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Kelland Sundahl.
KIRKLAND LAKE -
On Monday, the Kirkland Lake Community Living Golden Bears narrowly escaped the clutches of the Kirkland Lake OPP in what is deemed the closest game yet in the history of this friendly rivalry.
Although the final score read 70-51, it was Jonathan Fluet's buzzer beater that tied the game. It was only after careful deliberation between the referee, the scorekeeper and the OPP, that it was established that the points scored by one Wayne McGinnis (Season Coach for the Golden Bears, but playing for the OPP) would be transferred to the Golden Bears as a rental fee. Both teams exhibited great skills at both ends of the court.
The Golden Bears thank the Kirkland Lake OPP for taking up the challenge. The friendly between both teams not only provide the opportunity for community awareness, but also provides an opportunity for both teams to give back to Community.
A thank-you goes out to all the fans that came to cheer on the teams while supporting the Kirkland Lake Food Bank. The generosity the fans and players allowed for full shopping cart worth of donations.
This game concludes the season for the Golden Bears. The off season will provide the opportunity for much-needed rest and preparation for a new season ahead.
A DACA recipient, or "Dreamer," was released from Immigration and Customs Enforcement custody Thursday morning after being detained when he went into a suburban courthouse.
Scroll for more content...
Crhistian Gomez Garcia, 29, was detained by ICE agents on Monday when he entered the Skokie Courthouse to take care of a traffic ticket.
He said he was handcuffed, and was told he was being placed under arrest for being in the country illegally. He was taken to a holding facility in Kenosha, Wisc.
Garcia was 5 years old when he came to the U.S. from Mexico with his mother.
ICE officials did not say why he was targeted this week but in a statement they said, "After further review of his case circumstances, he was released from ICE custody."
The future of DACA recipients is at the heart of ongoing debate in Washington. Cook County and the state of Illinois have laws aiming to protect individuals from being detained only on the basis of their immigration status.
"Very aggressive, inhumane, very unfair. You don't have a chance to react, to think, to do anything. They ask for a name they turn you around and handcuff you," Gomez said. "We're here just working, making a living trying to become somebody in this world and anybody that has this could go through this same process that I'm going."
His mother said he was wrongly arrested because of a mistake by former Congressman Luis Gutierrez's office.
Garcia gained DACA status in 2012 and was applying for an extension with the help of Gutierrez's office.
His lawyer said he never should have been arrested because a federal court order protected him while his application was being processed.
SAM Groth insists his Australian Open retirement plans are on track.
Dismissing reports he was suffering a back injury, Groth practised at Melbourne Park on Tuesday for almost two hours as the wildcard playoff continued on nearby courts.
“I'm not injured and nothing has changed regarding the Australian Open,” he said.
“I wasn't ready to play the wildcard playoff and was never going to play it.
“Everything is fine and I'm excited about playing the Australian Open as my last tournament.”
Groth, 30, is in the mix for a discretionary wildcard given his Davis Cup service and 2015 Newcombe Medal victory.
“I'm not expecting a wildcard,” he said.
“If that happens, it would be great, but I don't expect it.
“I'm getting ready to play ‘qualies' and I'll take it from there.”
Groth intends contesting doubles and mixed doubles at Melbourne Park.
Selectors will have three men's singles wildcards left to distribute after this week's playoff.
Akira Santillan, who is currently troubled by back soreness, is among the leading contenders.
Groth is certainly in the debate given Tennis Australia's habit of saluting homegrown stars at Melbourne Park.
Bernard Tomic is more of a quandary for officials given his depressing rankings slide and questionable fitness.
The Queenslander's Davis Cup record will be considered — as will his decision to make himself unavailable for Lleyton Hewitt's team this year.
Hundreds Expected To Cross Mackinac Bridge In Jeep The MacHundreds of Jeeps are expected to cross the Mackinac Bridge in the second annual Jeep the Mac.
Ford Recalling 53,000 Trucks That Can Roll Away While ParkedDealers will also replace the defective part for free, but Ford doesn't have the replacement parts yet. It will notify owners when the parts are available.
Q&A: Change To Fuel Economy Standards Could Impact ConsumersPresident Trump wants automakers to expand production in the U.S. and hire more workers. In exchange, he has promised to cut regulations and taxes.
Trump Announces Plan To Re-Examine Fuel Economy Standards"The era for the economic surrender for the United States is over, it's over," Trump told the crowd.
The final South Dakota Prep Media Basketball Poll for the season has been released and it features more chaos in Class AA.
Regular seasons have come to a close and all the attention has shifted to the Round of 16 in each class. Regions are taking place for Class A, B boys and girls, while Class AA will start the Round of 16 this upcoming Friday.
This week's poll is consistent in terms of the teams that are top ranked. It is also consistent in that Class AA boys continues to be a guessing game in ranking spots 3-5. Class AA girls also features one change at the bottom of the ranking as Brandon Valley has jumped into the 5th spot in the final poll.
Class A boys saw no changes in the poll this week, while Class B boys had a little change in the middle. There were no polls released for Class A, B girls this week due to the regular season ending last week.
The final South Dakota Prep Media basketball poll is listed below, ranking the top-five teams, the team's record, points received and ranking in the previous poll. First-place votes are indicated in parentheses.
Boys
Class AA
Rapid City Central (17) 15-3 104 1 Rapid City Stevens (5) 15-3 93 2 Aberdeen Central 13-7 57 5 Sioux Falls Lincoln 12-6 38 RV Harrisburg 16-4 30 3
Receiving votes: Sioux Falls O'Gorman 5, Sioux Falls Washington 3.
Class A
Sioux Falls Christian (22) 20-0 110 1 Madison 19-1 88 2 Sioux Valley 18- 2 64 3 Dell Rapids 16-4 31 4 Tea Area 15-5 25 5
Receiving votes: Miller 9, Crow Creek 2, Dakota Valley 1.
Class B
Bridgewater-Emery (17) 17-3 104 1 Sully Buttes (5) 19-1 92 2 White River 18-2 60 4 Corsica-Stickney 18-2 40 5 Clark/Willow Lake 15-5 22 3
Receiving votes: Canistota 8, Colman-Egan 2, Warner 2.
Girls
Class AA
Aberdeen Central (22) 19-1 110 1 Sioux Falls Lincoln 16-3 86 2 Rapid City Stevens 17-3 61 3 Sioux Falls O'Gorman 15-5 50 4 Brandon Valley 13-7 17 RV
Receiving votes: Harrisburg 6.
SEE ALSO:
The city of Honolulu will pay a $100,000 fine for mistakes that triggered three sewage spills in August 2015.
Heavy rains caused sewer overflows in Kailua and Kaneohe.
But the by far the largest spill happened near Ala Moana Beach Park, where 500,000 gallons of raw sewage covered the streets.
State health department and Honolulu officials say a broken pump combined with city employee errors led to the discharge, one of the largest waste water spills in the state's history.
Now, more than a year and a half later, the city and state announced an agreement to prevent it from happening again.
According to health officials, the biggest mistake the city made was deactivating an alarm at the Ala Moana Pump Station before crews were told there was a problem.
"This was an emergency. There were mistakes done, but nothing was intentional," said Lori Kahikini, city Environmental Services director.
The city confirmed an undisclosed number of its employees were disciplined for their role in deactivating the alarm but no one was fired.
The signed agreement sets new rules for how to handle a similar alarm.
"So the procedures that were changed immediately even before we signed it was you can't deactivate it. You need to physically call that division," Kahikini said. "He needs to physically be at the pump station and say, 'Yeah, I got it you can deactivate the alarm.'"
Over the next year the city will have to install new software at it's command center that's designed to improve communication in the event of an emergency. In addition to upgrading its technology the city is also responsible for finding out why so much storm water is getting into the sewer system.
"That flow that's coming in, it's fast, it's instantaneous," said Kahikini.
They'll have a year to figure out where it's coming from and fix it.
Health officials say since negotiations began they're pleased with the city's progress.
"Today I think they actually deserve credit," said Stuart Yamada, of the state Department of Health's Chief Environmental Management Division. "Since those events occurred there's been numerous major rainfall events but we haven't seen a repeat of this kind of spill or discharge."
It's not yet clear how much all of the repairs and upgrades will cost. But officials confirm taxpayers can expect to see an increase on their wastewater fees for sewer upgrades sometime next year.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Today, Apple released small software updates for iPhones, iPads, and Macs: iOS 11.3.1 for the mobile devices, and a security update to the already-released macOS 10.13.4 for Macs.
At just over 49 megabytes, iOS 11.3.1 is a minor update that fixes iPhone 8s for users whose touchscreens were rendered unresponsive by aftermarket replacement displays. iOS 11.3 caused iPhones that had been serviced by outside vendors to have this issue. Users expressed frustration that it seemed Apple was punishing them for not going through the company's own process for repairs.
The patch notes below include a warning from Apple to steer clear of "non-genuine replacement displays." Apple's value proposition has always been around total control of the hardware to ensure a smooth experience. The company used these update notes to stress that yet again, the subtext being that the company can't be expected to support work done by other entities.
Despite Apple's longstanding stance that it doesn't support problems in these cases, the update nevertheless claims to fix the problem. Here are those update notes:
iOS 11.3.1 improves the security of your iPhone or iPad and addresses an issue where touch input was unresponsive on some iPhone 8 devices because they were serviced with non-genuine replacement displays. Note: Non-genuine replacement displays may have compromised visual quality and may fail to work correctly. Apple-certified screen repairs are performed by trusted experts who use genuine Apple parts. See support.apple.com for more information. For information on the security content of Apple software updates, please visit this website: https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222
The macOS update is designated Security Update 2018-001 for macOS 10.13.4. It adds no new features or functionality; rather, it addresses two notable security vulnerabilities, as outlined in the update notes below:
Crash Reporter Available for: macOS High Sierra 10.13.4 Impact: An application may be able to gain elevated privileges Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved error handling. CVE-2018-4206: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero LinkPresentation Available for: macOS High Sierra 10.13.4 Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted text message may lead to UI spoofing Description: A spoofing issue existed in the handling of URLs. This issue was addressed with improved input validation. CVE-2018-4187: Zhiyang Zeng (@Wester) of Tencent Security Platform Department, Roman Mueller (@faker_)
Both updates are available for download now on devices that support iOS 11 and macOS High Sierra.
QUEENSLANDER Zac Stubblety-Cook was the revelation of the final night of the Pan Pac trials in Adelaide after he shaved close to two seconds off his personal best in the men's 200m breaststroke to make the qualifying time.
Stubblety-Cook, 19, made the team with the last stroke of the last race of the meet as the Dolphins team for next month's Tokyo event was finalised last night.
It came after he had endured a testing lead-up to the trials with a disappointing 10th in the Commonwealth Games in a little over 2min 15 sec.
Camera Icon Queensland's Zac Stubblety-Cook (R) shaved two seconds off his 200m breaststroke PB to make Australia's Pan Pacs squad. Picture: Supplied
His time in winning the final last night was 2.08.65, sneaking in under the Pan Pac qualifying time of 2.08.80. His previous best was 2.10.10.
Stubblety-Cook was stunned as he turned around at the finish to check his time.
“I still can't believe it,” he said afterwards.
“My Commonwealth was pretty disappointing — just choking, really, that's the only way to put it.
“Coming back from that and working off that I knew I had to step up to get some more confidence.
“I've always trained really well and put together training well but never executed it in a race.”
Camera Icon Zac Stubblety-Cook qualified second fastest for the final of the men's 200 metre breaststroke. Pic: AAP Picture: AAP
In other events, Olympic gold medallist Cate Campbell completed the sprint double after winning the 50m freestyle to go with her 100m race ahead of Shayna Jack and Jolly Barrett.
Campbell, whose sister Bronte will sit out the Pan Pacs as she rehabilitates from a shoulder injury.
Campbell and Emily Seebohm will both travel to their third Pan Pacs.
Campbell won the race in 24.12 seconds, comfortable within the qualifying time of 24.59 but had already qualified for the Pan Pacs with her time at the Commonwealth Games.
“It's like a lottery (the 50m),” Campbell said. “You spin the wheel and whatever time comes up, comes up.”
Camera Icon Cate Campbell wins the women's 50m freestyle. Pic: AAP Picture: AAP
Fellow sprinter James Roberts has made his first Pan Pacs team after winning the men's 50m freestyle.
But he said he had plenty of work to reach his best before leaving for Japan.
“There's still a lot of room for improvement for me in the 50,” Roberts said. “I'm still working it out as I go.
“It's awesome — I've never done a Pan Pacs before.
“Checked off the Comm Games and to debuting in both in the same year is great.
“I love Tokyo and it's got to be a good stepping stone for 2020 (the Olympics) as well.”
Camera Icon James Roberts has made his first Pan Pacs team. Pic: AAP Picture: AAP
Swimming Australia last night named a 33-strong team to contest the Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Tokyo from August 9-14.
The team consists of 17 women and 16 men — with Queensland dominating the team with 27 — 11 of those from the Gold Coast and six from the Sunshine Coast — with two each from NSW and one each from WA and SA.
South Australia's Kyle Chalmers and Victoria's Mack Horton are the two individual gold medallists from Rio on the team.
Australian Dolphins Swim Team, Pan Pacific Swimming Championships, Tokyo (August 9-14)
MEN: Jack Cartwright, (St Peters Western, QLD), Kyle Chalmers (Marion, SA), Alexander Graham (Bond, QLD), Mack Horton (Melbourne Vicentre, VIC), Grant Irvine (St Peters Western, QLD), Mitchel Larkin (St Peters Western, QLD, Clyde Lewis (St Peters Western, QLD), Jack McLoughlin (Chandler, QLD), David Morgan (TSS Aquatics, QLD), Jake Packard (USC Spartans, QLD), James Roberts (Somerset, QLD), Nicholas Sloman (Noosa, QLD), Zac Stubblety-Cook (West Brisbane, QLD) Elijah Winnington (Bond, QLD), Bradley Woodward (Mingara Aquatic).
Camera Icon Mack Horton is one of two individual Rio gold medallists on the team. Picture: AAP
WOMEN: Jessica Ashwood (Chandler, QLD), Cate Campbell (Chandler, QLD), Madeleine Gough (TSS Aquatics, QLD), Madeline Groves (Griffith University, QLD), Chelsea Gubecka (Kawana Waters, QLD), Jessica Hansen (Nunawading, VIC), Shayna Jack (Chandler, QLD), Kareena Lee (Noosa, QLD), Emma McKeon (Griffith University, QLD), Kaylee McKeown (USC Spartans, QLD), Kiah Melverton (TSS Aquatic), QLD, Leiston Pickett (Southport Olympic) QLD, Emily Seebohm (Brisbane Grammar, QLD), Mikkayla Sheridan (USC Spartans, QLD), Laura Taylor (TSS Aquatic, QLD), Brianna Throssell (UWA West Coast, WA), Ariarne Titmus (St Peters Western, QLD.)
Camera Icon Emily Seebohm looks on after her 100m backstroke heat. Pic AAP Picture: AAP
Coaches: Jacco Verhaeren (Team Director), Rohan Taylor (Coach Mentor)
Team Coaches: Peter Bishop (SASI, SA), Michael Bohl (Griffith University, QLD), Dean Boxall (St Peters Western, QLD), Simon Cusack (Brisbane Aquatic Centre-High Performance, QLD), Craig Jackson (Melbourne Vicentre, VIC), Adam Kable (SAL NSW High Performance Hub), Chris Mooney (University of Sunshine Coast, QLD), Vince Raleigh Brisbane (Aquatic Centre-High Performance, QLD).
Open Water: Michael Sage (Kawana Waters, QLD), John Rodgers (Noosa, QLD).
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — In an interview to another US broadcaster, Spicer said that Trump and his team would wait for the final report from intelligence services before making any decisions regarding alleged Russia's hacking of the Democratic National Committee.
"The way the mainstream media is playing this up is that they [Russia] had an influence in the election. There is zero evidence that they actually influenced the election," Spicer said in an interview to Fox News TV channel.
© AFP 2016/ NICHOLAS KAMM Experts Destroy White House ‘Proof' of Russian Hacking
On Thursday, US outgoing President Barack Obama announced the expulsion of 35 Russian diplomats, the closing of two Russian diplomatic compounds in Maryland and New York and new sanctions against six Russian individuals and five entities over Moscow's alleged interference in the November US presidential election.
Russian officials have repeatedly denied the US allegations of election interference, characterizing them as absurd and laughable nonsense. Moreover, they have said such allegations are intended to deflect US public attention from revelations of corruption and other pressing domestic concerns.
President Vladimir Putin said that Russia "will not expel anyone" in response to US sanctions and will determine further steps in restoring ties with the United States depending on the policy of President-elect Donald Trump. US President-elect Donald Trump in a Twitter message praised Putin's call as a "great move."
Netflix continues its talent acquisition spree with the hiring of Shonda Rhimes, the creator of popular ABC series including Grey's Anatomy, Scandal, and How to Get Away with Murder. Rhimes' production company, Shondaland, will produce new, original series for Netflix while she stays involved with her current ABC Studios shows. Grey's Anatomy will start its 14th season this fall and Scandal will debut its seventh and final season in the fall as well.
The deal signals Rhimes' departure from ABC Studios after 15 years with the broadcaster. Betsy Beers, executive producer and longtime Rhimes' coworker, will also leave ABC Studio to produce for Netflix. In Netflix's statement, Rhimes' explains that she believes Netflix will give her a home for newfound creative freedom and a space for new writers to flourish.
"Shondaland's move to Netflix is the result of a shared plan Ted Sarandos and I built based on my vision for myself as a storyteller and for the evolution of my company,” Rhimes said in the statement. "Ted provides a clear, fearless space for creators at Netflix. He understood what I was looking for—the opportunity to build a vibrant new storytelling home for writers with the unique creative freedom and instantaneous global reach provided by Netflix's singular sense of innovation. The future of Shondaland at Netflix has limitless possibilities."
Financial details of the deal weren't disclosed, but Rhimes was reportedly earning about $10 million at ABC. According to a Variety report, Rhimes' deal with ABC was set to expire in June 2018, and she had already intended to move on once the deal ended.
Rhimes won't be making any more new, unannounced shows for ABC Studios, but she will still be involved with those already in the works. A midseason show called For the People is slated for ABC in the coming season, and there's also a Grey's Anatomy spinoff down the way.
Netlifx already benefits from Rhimes' shows: How to Get Away with Murder streams in the US and across the globe, while Grey's Anatomy and Scandal are available in various regions. The partnership is twofold: Netflix gains one of the best TV writers and creators in recent memory with Rhimes, as well as one of the best producers with Beers, while Rhimes gets the freedom to create different kinds of content that may not be a good fit for traditional, primetime television. Variety explains that Rhimes will "work in a variety of genres and formats" while at Netflix.
Rhimes is just one of many recent Netflix hires and talent acquisitions. The company recently signed a deal with Joel and Ethan Coen to produce a series for the streaming service, and it acquired the comic book publisher Millarworld, gaining rights a slew of characters it could use for new shows. Rhimes' departure also comes after Disney announced it will remove most of its content from Netflix and come out with its own VOD service in 2019. Apparently Netflix and Disney are still in talks about what to do with the rights to Lucasfilm and Marvel titles, as those were not included in the titles that Disney would be removing from Netflix come 2019. While the two companies have publicly denied any feud, losing one of its top creators is certainly a blow to Disney and ABC Studios.
By: News Staff
news@abc6.com
EAST GREENWICH, R.I. – Austin Almeida, 21, of East Greenwich was charged Monday with sexual assault and narcotics charges after more than $30,000 worth of cocaine, marijuana and amphetamines were seized from his home by Rhode Island State Police.
The charges against Almeida are:
Two (2) counts of 1 st Degree Sexual Assault.
One (1) count of 3 rd Degree Sexual Assault.
One (1) count of Purchase/Procurement of Alcohol for a Minor.
One (1) count of Possession of One (1) Ounce to One (1) Kilogram of Cocaine.
One (1) count of Possession with Intent to Deliver Schedule II drug (Adderall).
One (1) count of Possession with Intent to Deliver Marijuana.
Detective Commander, Major Dennis Fleming, said Almeida was originally arrested on a warrant stemming from allegations that he had sex with a 15-year-old girl, violating the law that states the age of consent is 16. Almeida also allegedly forced the girl to have sex without her consent on at least two occasions.
While officers were arresting Almeida, they noticed a digital scale and large amounts of marijuana in view. They then obtained a search warrant for the home, and seized approximately 36 grams of cocaine, 468 grams of marijuana, 327 Adderall pills, and $32,670. The value of the narcotics is estimated at $13,000.
Almeida was arraigned Monday and held without bail on the charges and for violating probation. He was also ordered to not contact the victim.
© WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
An outside view of the South African Reserve Bank in Pretoria. The Reserve Bank has not given up hope that it may be able to save the VBS Mutual Bank under its curatorship. Photo: Bongani Shilubane/African News Agency (ANA)
JOHANNESBURG - Chances of saving the VBS Mutual Bank have diminished, but the South African Reserve Bank has not given up on rescuing the beleaguered small lender, the chief executive of Prudential Authority, Kuben Naidoo, said yesterday.
The Reserve Bank placed VBS under curatorship in March amid concerns over its liquidity. The VBS curator in April withdrew the audited annual financial statements of the bank for the year ended March 31, 2017, saying they contained material misstatements “and are no longer considered to be reliable”.
Speaking at the release of the bank supervision department's annual report yesterday, Naidoo said the Reserve Bank's confidence that it could save VBS had declined after it discovered that VBS liquidity was far worse than it had previously envisaged. He said the Reserve Bank was taking steps to rescue the lender.
“We have had to put in place very tough deposit limits. In April, we instituted a forensic investigation under the chairpersonship of Terry Motau, SC, to investigate whether there is fraud in this bank and that investigation is still under way. It is certainly our intention to continue with the curatorship and to protect depositors' interest,” said Naidoo.
The Reserve Bank yesterday said it had imposed administrative penalties amounting to R77.5 million to VBS and the Johannesburg branch of the China Construction Bank Corporation for failing to comply with the Financial Intelligence Centre Act (Fica).
The two banks failed, among others, to identify and verify customers' details and to implement adequate processes and working methods in relation to the sanctions screening of customers to ensure that the bank complies with its reporting duties. It said the banks had inadequate controls and working methods pertaining to the reporting of suspicious and unusual transactions.
Naidoo, who is also the Reserve Bank's deputy governor, said progress had been made in placing the "new" African Bank on a sustainable footing and under the curatorship of Residual Debt Services, which houses the bad loans removed from the bank at the time of curatorship.
“The new bank has made good progress with the execution and delivery of its strategy, which includes diversifying its product offering to become a retail bank, widening its customer base and broadening its distribution channels. (The Bank Supervision Department of the Reserve Bank) has continued to recover amounts due in respect of the residual book,” said Naidoo.
The Reserve Bank gave the South African banking system a thumbs-up, saying it was sound and stable. It said there was renewed growth in banking sector assets and this was largely underpinned by an increase in loans and advances, investments and trading securities, short-term negotiable securities and derivatives.
It said banks continued to post healthy profitability ratios and were adequately capitalised, with capital adequacy ratios above the minimum statutory requirements. The banking sector had an overall liquidity coverage ratio of 119percent, which is above the Basel 3 minimum requirement of 80percent in 2017.
-BUSINESS REPORT
After hobbling with crutches onto a podium in the Capitol, Rep. Roger Williams (R-TX) gave reporters his account of Wednesday's shooting at a practice for the GOP's congressional baseball team.
“We were sitting ducks,” Williams said. “You had 40 people on a baseball field at seven o'clock in the morning. He just decided to shoot.”
Williams injured his ankle while diving into the dugout on the practice field, where he was joined by one of his his aides, Zack Barth, who had been shot.
“We landed in each other's arms. He held me, I held him,” Williams said.
House Minority Whip Steve Scalise (R-LA), a Tyson Foods lobbyist and two Capitol Police officers were also shot before the assailant was taken down. All five victims of the shooting survived, while the man identified as the shooter, James T. Hodgkinson, died from injuries sustained in the shoot-out with law enforcement.
According to Williams' account, he was on third base hitting ground balls with Reps. Trent Kelly (R-MS) and Ron DeSantis (R-FL) before the shots rang out and had just rounded the first base side to hit Scalise ground balls when the firing began.
“I heard the first shot, and wasn't sure, I thought it was maybe the back firing of a car. But then the second and the third and everybody yelled, ‘He's got a gun, run for cover.'
Williams ran towards the first base dugout, which he estimated was about seven feet deep in the ground, and dove into it like a “swimming pool with no water.”
His staffer, Barth, was also running into the dugout, having been shot in the leg, and once in the dugout, Sen. Jeff Flake (R-AZ) used his belt has a tourniquet on Barth's leg, Williams said.
“Zach is probably 23 or 24. All the time he was bleeding and we were under fire, he was texting letting people know we were under fire and that we needed help,” Williams said.
Rep. Chuck Fleischmann (R-TN) called 911, Williams said, while the lawmakers also sought to take care one of the sons of Rep. Joe Barton (R-TX), who was at the practice and with the Republicans in the dug out.
“There were a lot of heroes today, among my friends,” Williams said.
Williams said that he heard that the Alexandra police arrived after a few minutes, but in the moment it felt like the shooting went on for “forever.”
Williams said he has not had an opportunity to personally thank the Capitol Police officers who were present and helped to take down Hodgkinson, but Williams said he plans to in the future.
“They saved all of us out there, there is no question about it,” Williams said. “We had no arms, all we had were bats.”
The shooting has prompted a discussion of whether security protocols for lawmakers needs to be changed. The Capitol Police were only present at Wednesday's early morning practice because of Scalise, who gets a security detail because he is a member of congressional leadership. Williams said that “we probably ought to take a look at” what kinds of security measure are taken when groups of congressmen are gathering together.
Williams declined to weigh in on the politics of the shooter, whose social media pages showed him to be critical of Republicans and a supporter of Sen. Bernie Sanders (D-VT) in the 2016 presidential campaign.
“I don't know this person, evidently he had an issue. I don't think it was a Democratic or a Republican issue, he just had an issue,” Williams said. He added that the tone of general political rhetoric “could be turned down a little bit.”
Williams praised the decision to hold the congressional baseball game Thursday night, as planned, against the Democrats' team.
“I'll be the one coaching third on crutches,” Williams said.
By Radio.com Staff
Chris Brown has been accused of punching a photographer during an incident at the Tampa nightclub AJA Channelside early this morning.
Related: Chris Brown Responds to Addiction and Anger Issues Claims
The Tampa Police Department provided the following statement regarding the incident:
During an after party event, Mr. Brown and his crew came into the club for a ‘showing' for which he was paid. Mr. [Benny] Vines is a photographer for Club Aja. As he was taking photos, Vines reported Mr. Brown ‘sucker punched' him for allegedly taking photos. By the time officers were contacted and arrived, Mr. Brown left the scene. Mr. Vines wishes to prosecute for a minor laceration to his lip. Medical attention was refused. Investigation continues.
A statement posted to AJA Channelside's official Facebook page reads:
Incidents like the ones caused by Chris Brown and his team are very sad to see. As everyone witnessed he showed up to the club at around 1:30am. After only a few minutes of being there, Chris Brown himself and his team assaulted our club photographer and proceeded to walk out of the venue. AJA Channelside and our employees apologize for the inconvenience. Assault charges were pressed and we are dealing with the proper authorities accordingly. We appreciate your constant support!
Brown has yet to respond publicly to the allegations.
Rock
The Ottawa Psych Fest is a one-day celebration of garage and psych rock from both sides of the Atlantic, co-presented by Birdman Sound and CKCU-FM, with support from the U.K. label Cardinal Fuzz. The lineup features Shooting Guns, Hawkeyes, The Band Whose Name Is A Symbol, Mark Alexander McIntyre and the U.K.'s The Golden Rule, and it takes place Saturday at House of Targ, 1077 Bank St. Tickets are $15 advance, available at Birdman Sound, 593 Bank St., or $20 at the door. Doors open at 9 p.m.; the music starts at 10 p.m.
Soul
Ottawa's Big Soul Project blends the power of a big gospel choir with the upbeat grooves of R&B, rock and Motown, boosted by a live band and led by the musical direction of Roxanne Goodman. Their annual free, summer concert happens at 6:30 p.m. Sunday, July 8 on the lawn east of Aberdeen Pavilion at Lansdowne Park. Some chairs will be available, or you can bring your own.
Blues
Edmonton-born bluesman Harpdog Brown brings his Uptown Blues Band back to Ottawa for a Friday-night gig at Irene's Pub, 885 Bank St., before spending the rest of the weekend performing at Mont Tremblant's blues festival. A musician who was inspired by James Cotton when he was a teenager, Brown is known for his fiery harmonica playing, gruff vocals and a penchant for lo-fi blues authenticity. His latest album features an appearance by blues harp legend Charlie Musselwhite. Admission to the Irene's gig is $15 at the door. The music starts around 9:30 p.m.
Classical
While pianist and composer Keith Jarrett is best known for his jazz exploits, he has a smaller body of classical work. Two of his pieces will be featured Saturday night at the Music and Beyond festival concert of violinist Alexandre da Costa and pianist Jean-Philippe Sylvestre. The young Quebecois duo will play Jarrett's Elegy, and Celebration & Dance, as well as works by Brahms, Liszt and the 20th century Austrian composer Fritz Kreisler. The concert starts at 7:30 p.m. Info and tickets: musicandbeyond.ca.
By LARRY LAGE, AP Sports Writer
DETROIT (AP) — The Boston Celtics prevented Andre Drummond from scoring in the paint and quieted Reggie Jackson on the perimeter.
That helped Boston get revenge from a rare loss in a 91-81 win over the Detroit Pistons on Sunday.
When Detroit beat the Celtics last month, Drummond scored 26 points and Jackson had 20. In the rematch, Drummond didn't make a shot until late in the game and finished with just six points on 1-of-5 shooting while Jackson was 0 for 9 with two points.
“We were locked in,” said Boston center Aron Baynes said. “Our offense wasn't as crisp as we wanted it to be, but defensively we had a game plan and we stuck with it.
We were trying to pack the paint and make them make plays from the outside. Last time, they really had whatever they wanted inside the paint.”
The Eastern Conference-leading Celtics bounced back from a loss Friday night at San Antonio, extending their feat of losing consecutive games only once this season.
“We responded not only to that loss at home (to Detroit), but also to the tough Spurs loss,” said Boston's Kyrie Irving, who scored 16 points. “We want to continue to build character and identity for our team and be responsive with a quick turnaround.”
Al Horford had 18 points, Jaylen Brown scored 12, reserve Marcus Smart also had 12 points and smooth-shooting rookie Jayson Tatum scored 11 for the Celtics. Tatum made a 3-pointer late to help hold off a potential comeback by the Pistons, putting Boston ahead by eight points with 1:55 left.
Boston shut down the Pistons' offense after giving up a season-high 118 points on 52 percent shooting in the loss to them. On Sunday, the Celtics held Detroit to a season low in points and forced it to miss two-thirds of its shots.
Baynes kept a hand, arm or shoulder on Drummond while defending him, keeping him out of the lane as much as possible.
“They never took a body off him, and we could never take advantage of it,” Detroit coach Stan Van Gundy said. “He got shots for other guys, but we didn't make any of them.”
The Pistons have lost six straight for the first time since late in the 2014-15 season.
“We've lost some confidence and we need to get it back,” Van Gundy said. “We knew we were going to play a month unlike anyone else in the NBA, and we started it well, but now it has gotten bad.”
TIP-INS
Celtics: Marcus Morris, who was acquired in last summer's trade with Detroit for Bradley, didn't play and is expected to sit out the next game before having his left knee evaluated in Boston. … Horford left the game briefly in the first half, favoring his right leg as he limped off the court.
“I just banged knees,” Horford said.
Pistons: Tobias Harris scored 19, reserve Anthony Tolliver had 15 points and Avery Bradley scored 12 against his former team. Ish Smith added 11 points off the bench, taking advantage of an opportunity to play in place of the cold-shooting Jackson.
“We had a lot of open shots, but I think someone put a lid on the basket,” Jackson said. “I couldn't get anything to go down.”
HE SAID IT
“My job is to be a truth teller for these guys,” Van Gundy said. “When they were 10-3, they weren't as good as everyone was saying. And now that they have lost six straight, they aren't as bad as everyone is saying.”
UP NEXT
Celtics: Wrap up a three-game road trip Monday night at Chicago.
Pistons: End a three-game homestand Tuesday night against Denver.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Tropical Cyclone Eliakim soaked the eastern coast of Madagascar as it moved in a southerly path. NASA analyzed that rainfall using data from the Global Precipitation Measurement mission or GPM core satellite. Another NASA satellite provided a current look at the storm that revealed wind shear was taking a toll on the storm.
Tropical cyclone Eliakim's heavy rainfall caused flooding and landslides over eastern Madagascar that resulted in at least seven deaths. Eliakim came less than two weeks after another tropical cyclone called Dumazile passed close to Madagascar. Eliakim maintained but didn't exceed tropical storm intensity as it battered Madagascar. Eliakim's slower movement as it passed over the island nation caused continuous heavy rainfall over northeastern Madagascar. Tropical cyclone Eliakim has now moved back into the Indian Ocean and is moving toward the southeast and away from Madagascar.
A rainfall accumulation analysis at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland was derived from NASA's Integrated Multi-satellitE Retrievals data (IMERG). IMERG data are used to calculate estimates of precipitation from a combination of space-borne passive microwave sensors, including the GMI microwave sensor onboard the GPM satellite, and geostationary IR (infrared) data. The analysis shows IMERG rainfall accumulation estimates during the period from March 15 to 19, 2018.
Tropical cyclone Eliakim drenched Madagascar as it formed in the Indian Ocean, moved slowly over northeastern Madagascar and then moved back into the Indian Ocean. The tropical cyclone's clockwise rotation caused an onshore flow of moisture from the Indian Ocean onto eastern Madagascar during much of the period.
Rainfall total estimates of over 300 mm (11.8 inches) were common along Eliakim's path. IMERG data indicated that over 500 mm (19.7 inches) of rain fell in some areas close to Madagascar's coast
The GPM core observatory satellite had a good view of tropical cyclone Eliakim on March 18, 2018 at 0210 UTC (March 17 at 10:10 p.m. EDT). GPM's Microwave Imager (GMI) and Dual Frequency Precipitation Radar (DPR) data showed that rainfall was still moving over Madagascar but the bulk of ELIAKIM's heavy rainfall was occurring in the Indian Ocean. GMI showed that rain was falling at a rate of over 47 mm (1.9 inches) per hour in one of these showers. GPM is a joint mission between NASA and the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency.
After Eliakim moved off the coast of Madagascar it began running into wind shear that was weakening the storm. The Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer or MODIS instrument that flies aboard Aqua provided a visible-light image of the tropical cyclone on March 19 at 6:45 a.m. EST (1045 UTC). The image showed what looked like wispy clouds north of the low-level circulation center. The bulk of clouds were being pushed to the south and southeast of the center as a result of northwesterly vertical wind shear.
At 11 a.m. EDT (1500 UTC) on March 19, 2018, Tropical Cyclone Eliakim was located approximately 350 nautical miles southwest of St. Denis, La Reunion Island. It was centered near 25.2 degrees south latitude and 51.1 degrees east longitude. Eliakim was moving to the south-southeast at 16 mph (14 knots/26 kph). Maximum sustained winds were near 52 mph (45 knots/74 kph).
The Joint Typhoon Warning Center noted "the storm will continue to track south-southeastward for the remainder of the forecast, remain at 40 to 45 knots," begin extratropical transition by March 20 at 11 a.m. EDT and complete it in two days.
###
YEREVAN (Sputnik) - Armenian opposition leader Nikol Pashinyan said Tuesday that a representative of the people rather than the ruling Republican Party should become the country's new prime minister, and he is ready to assume this office if the people "put this responsibility" on him.
On Monday, Armenian Prime Minister Serzh Sargsyan resigned amid the large-scale anti-government protests against his appointment. Following Sargsyan's resignation, Armenian First Deputy Prime Minister Karen Karapetyan became acting prime minister.
"We insist that the acting prime minister, the speaker of the parliament and the head of the parliamentary majority participate in the negotiations," Pashinyan at a briefing in Yerevan.
According to Pashinyan, "the era of the Republican Party is over, they should not cling to power."
"If the people put this responsibility on me, I'm ready to become a prime minister. There is a great chance that this will happen," he added.
Speaking on the relations with Armenia's major neighbor, Russia, Pashinyan said that Yerevan is poised to settle the differences with Moscow.
"Relations with Russia are very important, these are friendly, fraternal countries. But this does not mean that there are no problems in these relations," Pashinyan said, adding that Armenia's ties with Russia should be built on the basis of "the interests of the Armenian people.
© Sputnik / Asatur Yesayants Armenian President Says Situation in Country Reached Red Line As Rallies Resume (VIDEO)
Since April 13, Yerevan has been hit by a series of protests against Sargsyan's candidacy for the premiership. On Tuesday, the parliament elected Sargsyan as prime minister, while the protesters announced the beginning of a "velvet revolution" in the country.
READ MORE: Opposition Protests in Armenia Expand Despite Authorities' Call for Dialogue
Before the appointment, Sargsyan served two five-year consecutive terms as president until April 9. His election as prime minister had been largely regarded as an attempt to get around presidential term limits since the 2015 constitutional amendments transferred governing powers from the president to the prime minister.
AN exhibition celebrating the life of a “bush professor” has opened at the Charles Darwin University Art Gallery.
The retrospective collection of works showcases the lifework of Yidumduma Bill Harney, one of the last fully initiated men of the Wardaman people of the Northern Territory.
Mr Harney, now 85 years old, has been described by anthropologists as having “encyclopaedic” knowledge and his artwork is one way he shares this with the world.
As a child, Mr Harney learned the ways of the Wardaman people from his mother and stepfather and also the stories connected to the ancient rock art seen on the land of his people, including the famous Lightning Brothers site.
The exhibition originally launched in 2016 at the Godinymayin Yijard Rivers Arts and Culture Centre, in Mr Harney's local community of Katherine, but has travelled to Darwin for the dry season.
The exhibition was curated by Margie West AM from the Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory and will be on display at the CDU Casuarina campus from today to July 21.
Ms West said Mr Harney was recognised throughout the world as an artist of high esteem.
“He is a charismatic storyteller and artist and the only remaining living custodian of the collective memory, laws and history of his people,” Ms West said. “This is his first major retrospective exhibition providing national audiences with a fascinating and unique look into his world.”
Yidumduma will be giving a floor-talk today at 12pm.
When a storm hits the city, road crews deploy on Ottawa's streets and sidewalks to get them in decent shape as fast as possible.
But if there's a particularly bad section of road or sidewalk that needs attention, it can help if you flag it for the city.
Here are the two forms you can fill out online to let the city know about a problem:
Winter Road Maintenance
Winter Sidewalk Maintenance
And if there's an immediate issue that presents a hazard to people or property, you can call the city's hotline by dialing 3-1-1.
× Facebook killing victim Robert Godwin's family forgives suspect on the run
CLEVELAND, Ohio – He was walking home from an Easter meal with his family when the stranger walked up to Robert Godwin Sr.
The two talk briefly before the stranger, Steve Stephens, pulls out a gun and fires.
Now, police are desperately hunting for the man who killed Godwin and uploaded the video on Facebook, while Godwin's friends and family are trying to make sense of the senseless death of the 74-year-old man.
“This man right here was a good man. I hate he's gone … I don't know what I'm going to do. … It's not real,” Godwin's son told CNN affiliate WOIO.
The son told the Cleveland Plain Dealer his father was a retired foundry worker who had nine children and 14 grandchildren. He enjoyed fishing and often was seen walking around with a plastic bag in his hand as he collected aluminum cans he saw on the ground.
That's what he was doing Sunday in Cleveland's Glenville neighborhood, a shopping bag in his hand. He had just finished an Easter meal.
He hugged my wife and me and said ‘I'll see you guys next time,'” Godwin Jr. recounted. “I said ‘OK, enjoy your Easter.'”
A chat, then a shot
In the video, apparently recorded by the suspect, Steve Stephens, a person is getting out of a car in a residential area and says, “Here's somebody I'm about to kill. I'm about to kill this guy right here. An old dude.”
The person walks up, stops Godwin on the sidewalk and talks to him. Then the video shows a gun pointed at Godwin's head. The gun is fired. Godwin recoils and falls to the ground.
Police don't believe Godwin and Stephens knew each other.
The video was later removed by Facebook, but it was still being widely shared online early Monday.
Ryan Godwin, who said he's a grandson of Godwin's, had asked people to stop sharing it.
“Please please please stop retweeting that video and report anyone who has posted it! That is my grandfather show some respect,” Ryan Godwin wrote on Twitter Sunday afternoon.
Police have launched a manhunt for Stephens, calling him armed and dangerous. They believe he's left Ohio and may be in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana or Michigan. An aggravated murder warrant has been issued for him.
Stephens' mother said her son was randomly shooting people because he was angry at a girlfriend. Police have not talked about a possible motive behind the shooting of Godwin.
While the manhunt goes on, Godwin's family is just starting the grieving process.
“It's not real. (My father) was a good guy. He would give you the shirt off his back,” Robert Godwin Jr. told WOIO. “Feels like my heart is gonna stop.”
There were at least nine GoFundMe pages set up online soliciting funds to help Godwin's family, but Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said the family is asking people not to contribute to any of those pages because they weren't set up by the family. Williams said the family is in the process of setting up an official GoFundMe page that will be released later Monday through the police department.
RALEIGH, N.C. — Villanova coach Jay Wright has seen his team deal with all the things that go along with being the nation's top-ranked school, from the extra attention to handling an upset loss.
It's why Wright figures his Wildcats — who are sitting atop the AP Top 25 for the third straight season — are prepared for what awaits.
"I think we've got the experience now to understand it's a great honour," Wright told The Associated Press, "but a lot of responsibility comes with it."
After a tumultuous week in which unanimous No. 1 Duke and No. 2 Kansas lost, the Wildcats (10-0) earned 41 of 65 first-place votes to hop over Michigan State and reach the top. Next up is Philadelphia neighbour Temple on Wednesday.
Villanova reached No. 1 for the first time in February 2016 and stayed there for three polls before going on to win the national championship. The Wildcats held the No. 1 spot three different times last season, including in the final poll entering the NCAA Tournament.
This year's team started the year at No. 6 with preseason AP All-American Jalen Brunson. The Wildcats won the Battle 4 Atlantis tournament in the Bahamas last month and beat No. 12 Gonzaga in New York last week, with Mikal Bridges (18.1 points) making a big leap to give Villanova a strong 1-2 punch.
This year's Wildcats rank third nationally in KenPom's adjusted offensive efficiency (119.9 points per 100 possessions) and seventh in adjusted defensive efficiency (90.6). They are the only team in the top 10 of both categories.
"We've handled all those challenges so far," Wright said. "Now this is a new challenge. How do you handle this? How do you handle that teams come at you at a completely different level. Fans come at you at a completely different level. We've done that a couple of times. And now we've got to do it with this group."
SPARTANS NEXT
Villanova and Michigan State were the favourites to take over at the top after the Blue Devils' weekend loss at Boston College.
Ethylene glycol monostearate, more commonly known as glycol monostearate or glycol stearate, is an organic compound. It is the ester of ethylene glycol and stearic acid. It is often derived from vegetables. At times, the compound can also be of animal origin. The important properties of ethylene glycol monostearate are its insolubility in water, low acid and iodine values, and relatively high melting point. All of these essentially help the compound remain stable under normal conditions. They make it a perfect ingredient for personal care products, cosmetics, and toiletries.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ethylene-glycol-monostearate-market.html
The primary purpose of using ethylene glycol monostearate is to impart a pearlized look to products. Depending on the amount used and other ingredients, it can also help turn a transparent product into a white-colored product. Overall, its properties help stabilize the surfactant systems, while also providing shape and thickness to the product. It is widely used as a pearlizing agent in various personal care products such as shampoos, liquid soaps, and bath and shower gels. It is also a preferred opacifier and secondary emulsifier used in different cosmetic products such as creams, lotions, and conditioners. Toiletries (including hand-cleaners and toothpaste) is another industry wherein ethylene glycol monostearate is used. The compound also acts as a viscosity-enhancing agent in these products. As such, the global ethylene glycol monostearate market can be segmented according to the type of its use into pearlizing agent, opacifier and as an emulsifier. It can also be segmented by its end-user industries, namely personal care, cosmetics and toiletries products.
A highly important characteristic of ethylene glycol monostearate from commercial point of view is that it is human-friendly. Given its low, acute toxicity, even repeated use does not cause problems such as skin and eye irritation, sensitization, or hyper-sensitivity. This is the reason why it is used in more than 600 products available in the market.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20681
Ethylene glycol monostearate is a concern only for people with skin allergies and those who have extremely sensitive skin. In these people, the compound may develop itching, redness, or mild swelling. However, the percentage of such people is negligible.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS -- Fireworks are always a hot commodity around the 4th of July! In fact, this year, experts say fireworks use will hit an all-time high.
"Fireworks are going up. Sales are going up every year. It's the American thing to do on the 4th of July," Palmer Fireworks owner, John Palmer said.
Just last year alone, Americans spent 885 million dollars on the stuff they used at home, according to the American Pyrotechnic Association.
The association also said big agencies spent about 353 million on display fireworks for larger crowds. So, you can easily see where the money goes.
With that, fireworks stands are getting creative to get your business! For example, a stand in Arkansas promoted gluten free options.
No matter how you take your explosives, the most important thing is safety. With Summer's heat and dryness, you're going to want to proceed with caution.
"Right now there are several burn bans in effect. Which, most people don't know that a burn ban and a fireworks ban are two totally different things," Palmer said.
So, do your research because every area is different. You might even make use of open areas like the space near Palmer Fireworks in Dallas, where they're providing space for you to shoot up legally! Fireworks, that is.
"I've got 37 acres with 375 pecan trees. You can come out here and relax during the day in the shade. Then, just step out and shoot your fireworks in the open space," he said.
Once you've got it all figured out, sit back, relax and enjoy the explosive cost of fireworks!
PRAGUE, March 31 Czech utility CEZ said on Friday it would buy back nearly all its 2017 convertible bonds linked to MOL shares while selling most of its 7.5 percent stake in the Hungarian oil and gas group to pay the bondholders.
CEZ said it would raise 141.4 billion forints ($490 million) from the sale of MOL shares to investors.
CEZ is ending a relationship dating back to 2008 when it bought the shares to help MOL fight off a takeover attempt by Austria's OMV. It will retain only about 0.1 percent of MOL equity.
The deal almost a decade ago was originally intended to seal a strategic tie-up of the two central European energy firms, but plans to build gas-fired power plants were later shelved. CEZ put the shares into a convertible bond in 2014.
CEZ had launched an offer for the 470.2 million euro bond this week and said on Friday it had received 463.1 million euros ($494.6 million) of the bond by deadline.
CEZ said it would place 7.56 million MOL shares with investors after conditionally selling shares in a bookbuilding process this week at a price of 18,700 forints per share.
Shares in MOL fell 1.9 percent to 19,840 forints in early trade while CEZ shares were steady at 439.90 crowns at 0713 GMT.
CEZ had said on Thursday that if all bondholders had tendered their bonds, it would boost its 2017 pre-tax income by 3.4 billion crowns ($133.7 million).
Settlement of both the share placing and bond re-purchase will occur on around April 4, CEZ said. Barclays Bank, Citigroup Global Markets Limited and Deutsche Bank coordinated the deals while Citigroup is the settlement agent, it said.
CEZ said last week it expected adjusted net profit of 12 billion to 17 billion crowns for the full-year 2017, with the higher end of that range including income if convertible bondholders redeemed the paper for shares instead of cash.
Analysts have said, with the deal this week buying back the bonds with cash, that profits could fall somewhere in upper half of that range. ($1 = 288.7700 forints) ($1 = 0.9363 euros) ($1 = 25.4250 Czech crowns) (Reporting by Jason Hovet; Editing by Keith Weir)
Firefighters have extinguished fires near a railway line between the northern Bohemian towns of Lovosice and Ústí nad Labem, but both domestic and international train travel in the area has halted.
Police have also closed a road running alongside the rails. Until their investigation is complete, drivers should expect heavy congestion, especially along routes from Ústí nad Labem and Děčín to Dresden, Germany.
There are just a few more interesting recaps to share before 2016 draws to an end. I figured some of you may be curious about the most-viewed kernel news stories on Phoronix this calendar year.Aside from our routine and original kernel feature overview articles each cycle, here is a look at just the most popular news items pertaining to the Linux kernel that were published on Phoronix in 2016:It turns out the RAID5 and RAID6 code for the Btrfs file-system's built-in RAID support is faulty and users should not be making use of it if you care about your data.A number of Phoronix readers have been pointing out material to indicate that the Linux kernel scheduler isn't as good as most people would assume.Continuing on from yesterday's Linux 4.4 To 4.7 - EXT4 vs. F2FS vs. Btrfs Benchmarks comparison, here is a wider look at mainline file-systems on the Linux 4.7. File-systems tested on the NVMe SSD included Btrfs, EXT4, F2FS, XFS, and NTFS.Well known Linux kernel developer Matthew Garrett who has led the charge for a number of years about UEFI/SecureBoot issues, poorly secured devices, and more, has taken aim now at Intel's latest-generation "Skylake" systems.Already it's looking like the research from the recently covered The Linux Scheduler: a Decade of Wasted Cores that called out the Linux kernel in being a poor scheduler is having an impact.If all goes according to plan, the Linux 4.8 kernel will be officially released this afternoon by Linus Torvalds.A new file-system has been merged for the Linux 4.6 kernel.Canonical's Colin King has looked at the number of FIXME and TODO comments within the Linux kernel tree.We are a little more than half-way through the Linux 4.6 kernel merge window so here's a quick look at the new changes and features that have made it into the code-base for this next major kernel release.When having out the Core i5 "Sandy Bridge" HP EliteBook this weekend besides comparing fresh OpenGL numbers to early Sandy Bridge results going back to 2012, I also compared Ubuntu 16.10 / Linux 4.8 and Linux 4.9 compared to older kernel benchmarks I did with the same system.For some lighthearted weekend reading and sure to make for some interesting discussions in the forums is what was volleyed today onto the kernel mailing list: "The most insane proposal in regard to the Linux kernel development." It's about shaking up the way the Linux kernel development happens, but almost surely the proposal won't end up resulting in changes.If all goes well before the day is through will be the release of the Linux 4.6 kernel. If you've been behind on your Phoronix readings the past few weeks, here are the highlights to look forward to with Linux 4.6.
The infiltration of macrophages into the heart is a required step on the path to heart failure in a preclinical model.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. - University of Alabama at Birmingham researchers have identified a therapeutic target to prevent or delay heart failure from pressure overload of the heart, and a potential biomarker for the same. They say their animal studies carry clinical and translational potential.
In a study published in the journal JACC: Basic to Translational Science, Sumanth Prabhu, M.D., and colleagues found that preventing the early infiltration of CCR2+ macrophages into the heart, after experimental pressure overload in a mouse model, significantly lessened the heart's enlargement and reduced pumping ability that leads to later heart failure. Thus, this infiltration is a required step in the path toward heart failure.
Macrophages are immune cells that engulf and remove damaged or dead cells in response to tissue injury or infection. They also may present antigens to other immune cell types.
The most common forms of pressure overload are aortic stenosis -- a narrowing of the aortic valve of the heart that forces the heart muscle to overwork -- and high blood pressure. Aortic stenosis affects about one in 50 people over 65 years of age.
The UAB researchers used two different methods to prevent early macrophage infiltration -- an inhibitor of the macrophage cell-surface CCR2 chemokine receptor, and an antibody that selectively removes CCR2+ macrophages. Migrating macrophages use the CCR2 receptor to home in on damaged tissues in the body that are releasing chemokines. Preventing early macrophage infiltration, Prabhu and colleagues say, may offer a therapeutic target in human disease.
Researchers had previously known that pressure-overload heart failure is associated with inflammation cause by activated T-cells. The present UAB study showed the link between infiltrating macrophages and the T-cell response during pressure overload of the heart.
Prabhu and colleagues found, one week after inducing pressure load, that the heart showed increased expression of three attractant chemokines that are able to bind to the CCR2 receptor on macrophages. They also found an increased number of monocytes with the cell-surface markers Ly6C and CCR2 circulating in the blood, and they saw an eightfold increase in CCR2+ macrophages infiltrating into the heart. Those macrophages are derived from the circulating monocytes.
The UAB researchers suggest that increased circulating monocytes might serve as an easily measurable biomarker that reflects cardiac tissue CCR2+ macrophage expansion. The circulating monocytes -- along with other clinical, imaging and biochemical biomarkers -- could guide patient selection for a prospective clinical trial to find out whether modulating CCR2 macrophages in humans with pressure-overload hypertrophy will delay or prevent later transition to heart failure.
In the JACC: Basic to Translational Science study, the Prabhu group found that blocking the infiltration of macrophages to the heart also suppressed infiltration of inflammatory T-cells into the heart and T-cell expansion in the lymph nodes that drain from the heart.
"Taken together, these data indicate that blood monocyte-derived macrophages infiltrating the heart early after pressure overload are indispensable for the sustained T-cell activation that underlies remodeling progression and the transition to heart failure," the researchers concluded.
###
At UAB, Prabhu is the Mary Gertrude Waters Chair of Cardiovascular Medicine, and he directs the Division of Cardiovascular Disease, Department of Medicine and the Comprehensive Cardiovascular Center. He is also on the medical service of the Birmingham Veterans Affairs Medical Center, Birmingham, Alabama.
Co-authors with Prabhu on the paper, "CCR2+ monocyte-derived infiltrating macrophages are required for adverse cardiac remodeling during pressure overload," are Bindiya Patel, Ph.D., Shyam S. Bansal, Ph.D., Mohamed Ameen Ismahil, Ph.D., Tariq Hamid, Ph.D., and Gregg Rokosh, Ph.D., UAB Department of Medicine, Division of Cardiovascular Disease, and Comprehensive Cardiovascular Center; and Matthias Mack, M.D., University Hospital Regensburg, Regensburg, Germany.
Funding for this work came from National Institutes of Health grant HL125735 and Veterans Affairs Merit Award I01BX002706.
Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank said Monday night that he's leaving President Trump's manufacturing council, the second departure by a high-profile business leader in the space of a day.
Plank didn't give a clear reason for stepping down, but his announcement comes amid fierce criticism over Trump's response to violence over the weekend at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.
"I am appreciative of the opportunity to have served, but have decided to step down from the council," Plank said in a statement. "I love our country and our company and will continue to focus my efforts on inspiring every person that they can do anything through the power of sport which promotes unity, diversity and inclusion."
His move comes hours after Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier, one of the country's most prominent black corporate executives, quit the council over Trump's initial failure to condemn white supremacists.
"America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy," Frazier said. "As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience, I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
That appeared to be a reference to Trump's statement over the weekend blaming violence "on many sides" after neo-Nazis and white nationalists clashed with counter-protesters in Charlottesville.
RELATED:
Eleven different restaurants will take part in the 11th annual Nijikai festival this week.
Many will come together at Pomaikai Ballrooms for the Japanese Junior Chamber of Commerce event.
Tickets cost $80 and visitors will be treated to a variety of food and drinks.
Participating restaurants include Koko Head Cafe, Pig & the Lady and Pint and Jigger.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
OTTAWA — Parliament Hill was a swirl of fresh faces and a storm of news this week in the rush to get things done and square events away before the Thanksgiving break.
In a sea of pageantry, the next Governor General, astronaut Julie Payette, was sworn in to her new position, replacing David Johnston. Premiers and Indigenous leaders from across the country then gathered nearby for a meeting with the prime minister — a meeting that led to a more solid picture of what legalization of cannabis will eventually look like.
The next day, the NDP's new leader, Jagmeet Singh, took a victory lap through his party's caucus room, inspiring a jubilance not seen since the days of Jack Layton.
Personalities aside, there were impactful developments on pipelines, asylum seekers and tuberculosis. Here's how politics affected Canadians' everyday lives this week:
PIPELINE APOPLEXY
TransCanada has followed through on its hints this summer and cancelled its $16-billion plans for the Energy East pipeline — an announcement that prompted a vicious round of finger-pointing, blame-casting and, in some corners, celebration.
Whether the cancellation was because of market forces (as the Liberals contend) or unreasonable public policy (as the Conservatives argue), environmental activists and the mayor of Montreal claimed victory.
The animosity exposed unresolved quandaries for Canadian public policy. Will companies in the West find other, better, ways to export oil and gas, and will the public buy in? Will climate policy lead to depressed demand and low prices — and eventually mean Canada turns forcefully away from the natural resources that have buoyed its economy for an eternity? If not oil and gas, then what?
And as political leaders in Western Canada lash out at their eastern counterparts, is there any hope of forging a national consensus on how or whether the oil industry can or should coexist and prosper alongside a warming earth?
THE FATE OF ASYLUM SEEKERS
Canadians are beginning to learn about what is happening to the thousands of asylum seekers who walked across the Canada-U.S. border illegally over the past few months.
Their refugee claims are now working their way through a clogged system. Progress is slow. And about half of the claims are being rejected.
Government officials said this week they have finalized about 240 cases of about 8,000, and the rejection rate is about 50 per cent. That's normal for Haitian claims, and most of the claimants over the summer were Haitians crossing into Quebec.
At the same time, the federal government is scrambling to live up to a commitment to bring 1,200 Yazidi women and girls into Canada as refugees from northern Iraq, where they had been too often forced into sex slavery.
Ottawa promised a year ago to bring them in, and this week Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen said 800 had arrived. The Conservatives are questioning his numbers, however, second-guessing whether the 800 are actually Yazidis.
The minister insists that the delay in the Yazidi effort has nothing to do with the resources required to process the asylum seekers at the border. But it's clear that setting up a new home in Canada is not a walk in the park.
TACKLING TUBERCULOSIS
It's almost unheard of as a problem in most of Canada, but tuberculosis is a scourge in the Inuit population. This week, the federal government rolled out a plan to eliminate what can be a deadly infectious lung disease.
Inuit in Nunavut are 270 times more likely to have TB than the rest of the population, a long-standing problem propelled by poverty and overcrowded, substandard housing.
The eradication plan involves setting up a task force with Inuit organizations, combining their prevention and treatment approaches, and incorporating housing into their plans.
In the last federal budget, about $1 million was earmarked for TB prevention in the Inuit population — meant to amplify ongoing efforts to improve diagnosis, prevention and new medical treatments.
But the TB problem is so entrenched that the government is still grappling with its long legacy. For decades, Inuit infected with the disease were flown south to receive treatment. They often never returned, dying or lost without their family supports. Officials are now trying to track down their graves.
Heather Scoffield, Ottawa Bureau Chief, The Canadian Press
A 20-year old marine is facing legal charges after assaulting an elderly woman and the police officer who intervened in the attack.
An Australian woman, said to be in her 60s, was attacked by an American serviceman in the car park of Brisbane's Enoggera Barracks army base.
The 20-year-old US marine allegedly dragged the woman from her car and assaulted her on July 4, according to the Sunshine Coast Daily.
A nearby unit of military police and an off-duty Queensland Police officer intervened and the Aussie cop was assaulted in the ensuing scuffle.
© AP Photo / Adel Hana Australia Halts Aid to Palestine Amid Fears Funds Transferred to Terrorists
The woman, who is reportedly an Australian public servant, sustained serious injuries and was hospitalized but has now been released from care, local media report.
"The [Australian Public Service] staff member was taken by ambulance to hospital and later released. For privacy reasons, Defence will not provide further information on the condition of the staff member," the Australian Defence Department spokesperson said in a statement.
It remains unknown what sparked the attack, as, according to reports, the assailant and the woman were not previously known to each other.
The US Marine has been charged with multiple offences, including serious assault in relation to a person over 60, assaulting police and causing willful damage to the woman's car. He is scheduled to be arraigned in court on July 18.
US President Donald Trump condemned the actions of the FBI and Department of Justice as “an American disgrace” in a tweet storm overnight.
He hit ‘send' almost simultaneously on two different messages about two of his favourite subjects — the Russia investigation and his poll numbers — as his motorcade rolled toward Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Florida where the first family is spending the weekend.
Camera Icon US President Donald Trump walks to air force One as he travels to Mar-a-Lago in West Palm Beach, Florida, for the weekend. Picture: AFP
“This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe,” wrote, referring to the document issued earlier this week by Rep Devin Nunes of the House Intelligence Committee.
“But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on,” Trump went on. “Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!”
Trump has frequently railed against Special Counsel Robert Mueller's probe of Russia's meddling in the 2016 presidential election and the Trump campaign's alleged collusion with the effort. Trump has repeatedly denied that allegation.
Moments before, Trump sent a tweet that trumpeted a new approval poll and took a dig at the news media.
“Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49%, a far better number than I had in winning the Election, and higher than certain ‘sacred cows,'” he wrote. “Other Trump polls are way up also. So why does the media refuse to write this? Oh well, someday!”
A day earlier former FBI Director James Comey has scorned the memo released by House Republicans after being declassified by Trump, saying it doesn't add up to much.
“That's it?” Comey wrote on Twitter on Friday.
“Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what?” Comey wrote, adding: “DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs.”
Camera Icon Former FBI director James Comey and Donald Trump. Picture: Supplied
The tweet was the latest in a series from Comey this week as Trump clashed with the FBI over Friday's release of the GOP-written memo.
On Thursday, Comey stood up for the bureau's position against the document's disclosure and took aim at unnamed people he calls “weasels and liars.”
All should appreciate the FBI speaking up. I wish more of our leaders would,” Comey tweeted on Thursday night amid news that the FBI had lobbied the White House to block the release of a partisan memo on the Russia investigation.
Trump ordered the release of a controversial Republican-written memo that accuses the feds of illegally spying on a former campaign aide Carter Page — defying his own appointees in the FBI and Justice Department.
Soon afterwards, the Republican-led House Intelligence Committee released the document, which is based on classified information and alleges the FBI abused US government surveillance powers in its investigation into Russian election interference.
Camera Icon After President Donald Trump declassified the memo, the Republican-led House Intelligence Committee released it. Picture: AP
The memo states that Christopher Steele — a former MI-5 agent and Russia specialist — bore a personal grudge against Mr Trump, quoting Mr Steele as telling a Justice Department official that he “was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about him not being president.”
It states that the FBI abused the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) by using claims in the Steele dossier about Mr Trump's alleged ties to Russia.
The four-page memo was drafted by Republicans on the committee chaired by Devin Nunes of California.
He claims that the FBI and the Justice Department did not disclose to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC) that the dossier had been paid for by Trump's political opponents, including Hillary Clinton.
This article originally appeared on the New York Post and has been republished with permission.
Today, we are going to tackle a topic that every science journalist fears deeply: topological insulators. Fear not dear reader, once your head explodes, you'll feel nothing. Besides, these aren't just any topological insulators, they're topological insulator lasers, which definitely makes the pain worthwhile.
The question that should be foremost in your mind is: why would you combine the least-easily explained concept in physics with something so cool as lasers? And the answer is because it makes for a pretty good laser.
Before we get to how a topological insulator can improve a laser, let's take a look at what makes a laser so difficult.
You make one tiny mistake...
Lasers are delicate beasts. Defects, in the form of dust, the alignment of mirrors, and myriad other details reduce their efficiency and can even cause a laser to destroy itself. Yes, I have painful, personal experience of this.
The problems go further than that though. When you make a laser, what you often want is a specific color of light and a specific intensity profile to the laser beam. Nature, however, just wants to mess with you. At very low power, you will (assuming competence in design and construction) get what you desire.
But as you ramp the input power up, new colors will start to show up: your laser may produce several colors at once. The new colors may even suppress the color you desire. This dance of colors will destabilize the output power. Even the beam profile will start to get messed up as the power increases.
Much time and effort is devoted to engineering away these problems.
OK, sigh, topology it is
This is where the idea of topological states comes in. This is not so complex as it sounds, but to understand it, we are going to abandon lights and lasers for electrons and insulators. And not once mention topology.
Imagine we have a crystalline material. All the atoms are arranged in an ordered array. The electrons should be thought of as waves, sloshing around the nuclei. Waves mix, though, so some mix so that they add up to a stronger wave, and others mix in such a way that they cancel out to become weaker. The result is that the electrons must have certain wavelengths and energies that correspond to waves that don't cancel out.
When you sum all this up, you end up with two bands of energies. In the lower band, the electrons don't have much energy and are confined, staying close to their home nuclei. In the higher-energy band, the electrons are free, like the buffalo, to wander through the vast crystalline prairie. These are conducting electrons.
No electrons have energies that fall in the gap between the two bands, because those are the waves that cancel out. That brings us back to insulators. Insulators are materials for which the gap between the two bands is so large that the top band is basically empty.
This is true everywhere except at the surface. The surface is where the nice, regular array of nuclei stops, and the symmetry that gives us the two bands is broken. So, for some materials, the interior is an insulator, but the surface may allow electrons to occupy states that conduct.
Surfaces are weird
It gets better, though. In some cases, the surface states can take on a very peculiar nature. Electrons moving in one direction along a surface have their spin—spin is the orientation of their intrinsic angular momentum—oriented in one direction. To reverse direction, the spin also has to flip. These states are described by the mathematics of topology, which is where the name and the fear come from.
In any material, collisions that reverse an electron's direction are very common. Every atom that is just slightly out of place, every missing atom in a flat surface, and every atom of the wrong sort is a defect just waiting to whack the electron back in the direction it came from. This sort of collision only requires that the atom recoil slightly and jiggle in place for a bit, and atoms have complete freedom to do that.
What these atoms can't easily do is flip the electron's spin. This is hard because if the electron's spin flips, then a spin elsewhere has to flip. That might be an electron that is still bound to an atom. For that bound electron to flip its spin, it probably has to change its energy significantly. And, if you remember from above, changing an electron's energy in an insulator is really difficult.
What does that all mean? Let's imagine that I apply a voltage across my insulator. In the bulk of the insulator, nothing happens. But, on the surface, electrons start to flow. Normally, these electrons would scatter like crazy off of all the surface defects. But, because doing so requires them to flip spin, that can't happen unless they can also give up some energy. There is no easy way to give up energy, so the electrons flow nicely from one end to the other, as if the defects did not exist.
So, while most of the material is happily resisting the flow of electrons, they're flowing with minimal resistance on the surface.
You promised me lasers
By now, you might sort of see where we are going with this. These surface states contain electrons that are protected from scattering off of defects. If you can construct a laser so that the light is in a protected state, it should be very efficient. Those states should also have a specific energy and momentum. That means that the emission color of the laser should be a well-defined wavelength, and the spatial profile of the emission should remain in just one shape.
On the other hand, the math that is used to understand these protected surface states assumes that you can't amplify the number of electrons, while a laser does exactly that to photons. So, no one was exactly sure if a topological insulator laser could exist.
And now we know that it does.
Swapping electrons for photons
Let's go back to our crystal: an ordered array of atoms that has an empty conduction band. We're going to replace that with rings of optical waveguides that are close enough to each other that light can leak from one waveguide to another (remember this; it's going to be important in a moment). These waveguides are constructed from a material that, when excited appropriately, can emit light. When not excited, it can absorb light. If we do nothing, then the whole 2D crystal is an insulator: no matter where we inject light, it goes nowhere.
Alternatively, we could excite the whole crystal (this is done by shining laser light on the lattice). With the lights on, the crystal will behave like a conductor: if we inject light, it will be amplified and travel around the crystal.
Finally, we can create an edge conductor by only exciting the rings that are on the outside of the crystal. Now, light that is injected into the crystal must travel around the edge—it is absorbed in the interior.
However, this is not a protected state, and defects will still scatter light. The protected state comes about because of the way light leaks from one ring, through the nearest neighbor, and on to the ring beyond that. This is done with intermediary rings that are carefully placed to shift the phase of the light as it jumps from ring to ring.
To summarize: the way the rings are excited ensures that light can only travel around the edges, while the way the rings are interconnected ensures that light can only be scattered out of the ring if it changes color. (To be more precise, light that is not in the protected state is scattered out of the crystal immediately, leaving only light that is in the protected state.) The remaining light is then amplified by the laser gain material, so that it quickly dominates.
This research really demonstrates the importance of modeling. If the researchers had not been able to model the laser accurately, they would never have been able to get the design right. On the experimental side, the fabrication tolerances must have been amazingly tight. We talk about how these topological states are protected from defects, but I'm not sure that applies to the placement of the rings that create the topological state in the first place. I think that had to be very carefully done, otherwise the energy gap between the topologically protected state and unprotected states would have been smeared out, which would have ruined the laser's performance.
Amazingly enough, though, it seems to work. The researchers constructed several crystals that either supported a protected edge state or an unprotected edge state. The comparison between the two shows that the protected state is really protected: you can knock out rings and the laser keeps going nicely. The laser that operates in the protected state is much more efficient. And, as you crank the power to the laser up, new colors do not show up in the topological insulator laser, while they do in the laser with an unprotected edge state.
This is exciting research. These sorts of lasers—those with a very specific color and a sharply defined wavelength—are critical to things like 5G networks and space-based interferometers. For high-end applications, I can imagine these leaving the lab pretty soon.
Science, 2018, DOI: 10.1126/science.aar4005
Science, 2018, DOI: 10.1126/science.aar4003 (About DOIs).
By Arjay L. Balinbin, Reporter
IN HIS capacity as President Rodrigo R. Duterte's adviser on human rights, Presidential Spokesperson Harry L. Roque, Jr. announced on Tuesday, April 24,that he is currently working with the Philippine National Police (PNP) in documenting all drug-related killings in the country to determine if there are violations and excessive use of force during police operations.
“Although I should not really reveal this because this is not a presidential statement but my work as presidential adviser, I've actually coordinated with the police to document each of the killings that they have reported and actually make sure that there is no basis to prosecute our men in uniform in connection with any of these killings. We're half-way done,” Mr. Roque said in a press briefing.
The spokesman said he expects that his office and the PNP will come up with a report related to drug killings “in the next few months.”
He added: “Yun ang response natin, di totoo na binabalewala namin yan. Iniisa-isa na namin yan (That is our response [to criticisms]. It is not true that we are downplaying [the alleged drug killings]. We are looking at [all of those cases]).”
If there is basis to file charges against the killers, Mr. Roque also said, “then [he] will encourage the filing of charges so that [critics] cannot say anymore that [the government is] not doing anything about it.”
Mr. Roque likewise said he believes the new PNP chief, Director-General Oscar D. Albayalde, will be “cooperative in this regard because he really wants to promote discipline amongst the ranks of the PNP.”
He explained: “He will hasten the process. So I foresee that in the next two or three months, we should be finished and we should come up with the report on how many should be charged, if any. So, next time when they complain again, I will be able to confidently say: That it is not true. We went through each and every case, and we can convincingly say that there was no excessive use of force in these instances.”
BusinessWorld reported last week that the European Parliament, in a resolution on the Philippines dated April 18, flagged Mr. Duterte's drug war and called for procedural steps toward the temporary withdrawal of the Generalized Scheme of Preferences (GSP+) status for the country.
Under the GSP+ status, the Philippines has availed itself of as little as zero duties in its exports.
When sought further for comment, Mr. Roque said: “Let me be clear on this. Of course, it's always their prerogative to review it. But the Philippine government's position on extra-legal killings, I think it has been made clear over and over again by the President himself. He stands by the police when they are in the discharge of their official functions; when they commit acts outside their official functions, he will order their arrest.”
World Elder Abuse Awareness Day is June 15, 2017. Listen in as Attorney, Ramon E Lewis, discusses some tips for protecting our Seniors.
In an era when everything gets picked over, trolled from every direction, analysed to death and over-thought, a game such as Agents of Mayhem - which merely aims to provide a dollop of good, old-fashioned fun - harks back to a refreshingly bygone age.
If you define a guilty pleasure as something which you probably shouldn't enjoy but do, then Agents of Mayhem is a classic guilty pleasure. It's a game which you could criticise in many ways, yet which is irresistibly enjoyable to play.
Agents of Mayhem is in effect a spin-off of developer Volition's Saints Row franchise. Although it's fundamentally different in many ways, it has that Saints Row vibe which involves over-the-top third-person-shooting, ridiculous weapons and lots of blowing stuff up.
But unlike Saints Row, Agents of Mayhem is a squad-shooter, after a fashion. You embark on every mission with a three-agent squad, controlling one at a time but switching between all three according to what enemies you're faced with.
Does it feel like the successful spiritual successor to Saints Row for 2017?
The agents are very much at the heart of Agents of Mayhem. We suspect that Volition has been scrutinising Overwatch. Similar to the latter title, each agent in Mayhem has a special ability, along with a triple-jump, a dash or a smokescreen and, when you kill enough enemies sufficiently spectacularly thereby building up a meter, a Mayhem Ability.
Mayhem Abilities are gloriously preposterous: Braddock's, for example, consists of a tactical nuke which she marks with her cigar, while Kingpin spawns a giant boombox which makes nearby enemies dance compulsively while he shoots them in the face. If that sort of madness sounds appealing, then you'll love Agents of Mayhem.
And that's not all you have at your disposal. Mapped to the left bumper of your controller is so-called Gremlin Tech (Gremlin is Mayhem's in-house gadget geek). Such tech must be crafted and is pretty varied, ranging from a gun which launches a giant bowling ball, via various useful temporary buffs, to the likes of a Mulligan, which revives downed squad members. It comes particularly in useful when you're in a dire situation and need to mount a comeback.
In terms of its general structure, Agents of Mayhem differs little from the Saints Row games. Its main hub is the Ark, Mayhem's headquarters, which floats in the air above the future-Seoul where the game is set. From there you can pick the latest story mission, or select from a number of missions which open up new agents or follow those agents' particular agendas, filling in their back-stories in the process.
Plus there's Global Conflict, a mini-game which details Mayhem's worldwide struggle against its perennial enemy, the evil Legion. This lets you send unused agents to each territory in the world, seeking out intel; sometimes they find Legion lairs which you must clear out with a three-man team (which is ideal for levelling up newly acquired agents, and earns valuable Legion Tech which gives agents permanent buffs).
Story-wise, there are some genuine laughs to be had: essentially, you must cope with Legion-induced crises, then take down head honcho Dr Babylon's henchmen one by one, before taking on the big boss himself.
The story missions are split into episodes, and often include segments of driving, mild puzzling and on-foot platforming, before building up with waves of foot-soldiers, followed by a boss.
You could quibble that they follow a well-worn formula – Agents of Mayhem isn't one of those games that morphs into something different as it progresses. But there are some well-aimed barbs at subjects like selfie-generation narcissism and auto-tuned modern pop-stars (one legion henchman, August Daunt, offers a great piss-take of Justin Bieber, while another, Aisha, consists of five AI-generated K-Pop stars).
Free-roaming brings plenty of rewards, too: there are pop-up missions galore, ranging from finding and destroying Legion tech to timed races across the rooftops or around the streets, plus there are loot crates and crystals to collect. It's all pretty basic and straightforward, but there's no doubting that Agents of Mayhem is a pretty meaty game.
But what makes Agents of Mayhem surprisingly moreish is its third-person combat, which is way more tactical than it might appear at first, and really takes off once you start taking an interest in your agents. There are countless systems which allow you to upgrade them in various ways (plus they level up) so that, before long, you can turn them into spectacular (and very enjoyable to watch) death-dealing machines.
Which is just as well, since you're routinely assailed by vast swathes of Legion enemies, with wildly varying attributes. For example, some can render their surrounding colleagues invulnerable, so you need to take them out first – but to do that quickly, you need an agent whose specialisation is taking down shields. Then you can swap to one with greater firepower.
All the way through, you encounter such tactical dilemmas: upgrading your agents in particular directions and picking the correct team is paramount. And Volition has really nailed the feel of its control system: there's a fair amount of snap when aiming, although you're rewarded for headshots and the like, and the triple-jump and dash allow you to move around like a superhero, which is vital as Legion hits you with some major firepower.
Mario Batali has stepped down as co-host of ABC's The Chew after four women accused the celebrity chef of sexual misconduct.
According to Vox Media's Eater, four women say Batali touched them inappropriately in a pattern of behavior that allegedly spanned two decades. In response to the report, ABC has asked Batali to step away from The Chew “while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention,” per a spokesperson.
RELATEDArrowverse EP Andrew Kreisberg Officially Fired Following Sexual Harassment Investigation
Batali's exit marks the second recent big departure from The Chew this year: As TVLine exclusively reported, co-host Daphne Oz left the food-centric talk show ahead of its Season 7 premiere in September.
The Eater story also notes that the Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group, which manages restaurants owned or co-owned by the celebrity chef, had its first official complaint of inappropriate behavior against Batali in October. Batali was reprimanded and made to go through training.
Batali did not deny the accusations, saying via statement:
I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt. Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted. That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family.
I have work to do to try to regain the trust of those I have hurt and disappointed. For this reason, I am going to step away from day-to-day operations of my businesses. We built these restaurants so that our guests could have fun and indulge, but I took that too far in my own behavior. I won't make that mistake again. I want any place I am associated with to feel comfortable and safe for the people who work or dine there.
I know my actions have disappointed many people. The successes I have enjoyed are owned by everyone on my team. The failures are mine alone. To the people who have been at my side during this time — my family, my partners, my employees, my friends, my fans — I am grateful for your support and hopeful that I can regain your respect and trust. I will spend the next period of time trying to do that.
April 28 Shanghai Pret Composites Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to fluctuate by -25 percent to 25 percent, or to be 124.5 million yuan to 207.5 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (166.0 million yuan)
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/XDw9gU
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Britain Football Soccer - Arsenal v Manchester City - FA Cup Semi Final - Wembley Stadium - 23/4/17 Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola looks dejected after the match Action Images via Reuters / Carl Recine Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Arsenal v Manchester City - FA Cup Semi Final - Wembley Stadium - 23/4/17 Manchester City's Fabian Delph and teammates look dejected after the match Action Images via Reuters / Carl Recine Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Arsenal v Manchester City - FA Cup Semi Final - Wembley Stadium - 23/4/17 Arsenal's Laurent Koscielny, Olivier Giroud, Rob Holding and Granit Xhaka celebrate after the match Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Arsenal v Manchester City - FA Cup Semi Final - Wembley Stadium - 23/4/17 Manchester City's Sergio Aguero celebrates scoring their first goal in front of fans Reuters / Toby Melville Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Arsenal v Manchester City - FA Cup Semi Final - Wembley Stadium - 23/4/17 Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez celebrates scoring their second goal with teammates Action Images via Reuters / Carl Recine Livepic
LONDON Arsenal will play London rivals Chelsea in the FA Cup final on May 27 after beating Manchester City 2-1 following extra time in the semi-final at Wembley on Sunday.
Arsenal had to come from behind after Sergio Aguero scored his 30th goal of the season for City in the 62nd minute, racing on to a pass from Yaya Toure.
Spanish international Nacho Monreal equalised nine minutes later, from a cross by Arsenal's other wing back Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain.
In the 11th minute of extra time, just after Aguero was taken off, Alexis Sanchez scored the winner.
The result gave Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger, an FA Cup winner six times, a welcome boost in a season that many supporters would like to be his last at the club.
Arsenal seems likely to miss out on a top-four finish in the Premier League for the first time in 21 seasons under Wenger but winning a third FA Cup in four years could well persuade him to defy his critics and sign a new contract.
"I'm very proud of our performance and the spirit we've shown," the Frenchman told BT Sport.
"We gave a good answer to people who questioned that."
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola's record of having won at least one trophy in every season as a manager is almost certain to be ended.
City trail league leaders Chelsea, who beat Tottenham Hotspur 4-2 in Saturday's semi-final, by 11 points with six games to play going into a big game on Thursday against local rivals Manchester United, who are fifth, one point behind them.
CITY UNCHANGED
In his 50th City game, Guardiola picked an unchanged side for the first time and they were the more threatening in a dull first half despite having to replace the injured David Silva with Raheem Sterling.
Shortly before the interval they were unluckily denied a goal when an assistant referee ruled -- incorrectly it appeared -- that Leroy Sané's cross had drifted out of play before Aguero and then Sterling put the ball past Petr Cech.
In a much livelier second half Toure robbed Aaron Ramsey and sent Aguero away from the halfway line for the Argentine to dink the ball past Cech for his 12th goal in as many games.
The equaliser arrived from a less regular scorer. It was full back Monreal's first goal for two years.
Toure's volley and Fernandinho's header both hit the frame of the goal in the space of four minutes but early in extra time a weary Aguero went off and within two minutes Sanchez scored from close range after Danny Welbeck missed his kick.
Guardiola blamed City's wayward finishing for the defeat.
"We competed here, we had more chances but the finishing was like it has been throughout the season," he said.
(Editing by Clare Fallon and Ken Ferris)
US President Donald Trump overnight said North Korea wants to hold a high-stakes meeting “as soon as possible” — and praised dictator Kim Jong-un as “very open” and “very honourable.”
During talks with French President Emmanuel Macron at the White House, Trump addressed his upcoming plans to meet with the rogue regime's leader, the New York Postreports.
“He really has been very open and I think very honourable from everything we're seeing,” Trump told reporters.
“Now a lot of promises have been made by North Korea over the years but they have never been in this position.”
Camera Icon North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. Picture: AFP, AFP PHOTO
His praise for the dictator stands in stark contrast to his past comments in which he referred to Kim as “Little Rocket Man” and boasted about the size of his nuclear button.
Kim fired back by calling Trump a “mentally deranged US dotard.”
The Trump-Kim meeting is expected in May or June.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in plans to meet with Kim on Friday to kick off a new round of high-stakes nuclear diplomacy with Pyongyang.
This article originally appeared on the New York Post and has been republished with permission.
Crystal Fisher always thought that burying her husband back in 2015 was the hardest thing she's ever done, she said. However seeing her son on life support in the hospital was the absolute worst for her.
Scroll for more content...
"It's hard, it's hard," she said with her voice shaking. "I have people in my inbox telling me how strong I am and I'm trying so hard."
Thursday morning, Crystal rushed him to Oaklawn Hospital in Marshall, she said. He had a fever of 104 and his oxygen was low. Crystal herself started having panic attacks. So her daughter called her boss at P.S. Food Mart to let her know what was going on.
"She said 'can you have somebody cover mom for [Friday], my brother's really sick, they're going to have to ventilate him,'" Crystal recalled her daughter saying to her boss over the phone. "And the boss, I could hear her over the phone and she told my daughter 'this ain't the way we run things, you're mother needs to be the one calling me.'"
Crystal was shocked, she said, but continued to focus on her son. Later that day, within hours of being at Oaklawn, the doctor said Jason needed additional help because his fever wasn't breaking fast enough.
"He came in and told me that they were going to have to tube him and transport him to [University of Michigan]," she said. "I lost it. That's my kid."
When Crystal arrived to Ann Arbor and tried to her see her son she wasn't allowed to she said. She remembered seeing doctors everywhere and panicked even more.
"Then a doctor finally came out and took me into a private room and said that they had to ventilate my son, that he is on life support," Crystal said. "All they knew is he had an infection somewhere."
The doctors didn't know what type of bacterial infection it was or where it was coming from, she said. Nonetheless they kept him on ventilator. Saturday, Crystal reached out to her boss again.
"I text her Saturday and said 'hey just letting you know that I'm not going to be able to come to work until further notice at least until he's off life support,'" Crystal said. "She automatically came back with oh so you're letting me know you're quitting."
Crystal was shocked. She replied by saying 'no, so you're telling me I'm fired?' Her boss respond 'this ain't the way we run things.' Furious, Crystal posted the exchange on Facebook and within a day it had been shared 25,000 times.
"My 14-year-old she was like 'mom, mom so many shares.' And I'm like I did not expect it to take off like this," Crystal said. "But when I have people in my inbox 'hey I'm from Australia praying for you, you know, I'm just, I'm overwhelmed."
One of the thousands of people to see her story was the Folk Oil corporate offices. They contacted her and told her to take as much time as she needed. They also fired her boss. Crystal was grateful. She can now focus solely on her son.
"My concern is when my son does wake up and when he does open his eyes, he sees mommy there," Crystal said.
Welcome home Captain Justin Briggs and the 635th Regional Support Group of the Kansas Army National Guard out of Topeka, KS!
Captain Briggs, of Frontenac, has been away from home for ten months, nine of which he spent deployed in Kuwait as part of Operation Spartan Shield. He returns home to his wife Amy, 16-year-old Saige, 13-year-old Eric and 11-month old Reid, who was only six weeks old when his dad was deployed.
Briggs also got quite the warm welcome home from Athena and Thumper. Amy says they had Briggs go through their back gate and surprise the dogs. Amy caught the priceless reaction on camera.
Thank you Captain Briggs for your service, and welcome home!
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MODESTO, Calif. - 28-year-old Lisandra Corrales shot and killed her two sons, 6-year-old Pierre and 4-year-old Nathan Hurtado before shooting herself, police say. Neighbors say they are shocked and never noticed any red flags.
"It's so close to home. It's very hurtful and scary at the same time," neighbor Arturo Arias told KTXL.
Arias said Corrales and her boys had lived at the home for about four months.
"I always saw them content, the mother, the father, the first time I met them. The children I only saw them twice but the times that I did see them they looked happy," Arias told KTXL. "We didn't notice anything strange about them. They were all content."
Aria says he didn't hear any commotion Sunday morning around 1:15, when police report a family member arrived at the home and found Corrales and the boys dead.
"Unfortunately not," Arias said. "If I would have I probably would have been more curious as to what's going on and if they needed some help try to get some help for them or anything."
Flowers and candles sit at the front door of the home. Now a quiet neighborhood is left wondering what signs they might have missed from their new neighbors.
"We all have the same questions. Why? What happened? What could we have done to deter that?" Arias said. "More friendly gatherings, something, because it really hit home, especially with the two children. Devastating. Very disturbing and sad."
Family members were at the home Monday loading items into trucks. KTXL spoke with the boys' father who did not want to speak on camera but he did say that he would want the boys to know that he misses them.
সংবাদ প্রতিদিন প্রথম পাতা | Bengali Breaking News From Kolkata, West Bengal and The Rest of India. – sangbadpratidin.in
How is it that we are able--without any noticeable effort--to listen to a friend talk in a crowded café or follow the melody of a violin within an orchestra?
A team led by scientists at Carnegie Mellon University and Birkbeck, University of London has developed a new approach to how the brain singles out a specific stream of sound from other distracting sounds. Using a novel experimental approach, the scientists non-invasively mapped sustained auditory selective attention in the human brain. Published in the Journal of Neuroscience, the study lays crucial groundwork to track deficits in auditory attention due to aging, disease or brain trauma and to create clinical interventions, like behavioral training, to potentially correct or prevent hearing issues.
"Deficits in auditory selective attention can happen for many reasons--concussion, stroke, autism or even healthy aging. They are also associated with social isolation, depression, cognitive dysfunction and lower work force participation. Now, we have a clearer understanding of the cognitive and neural mechanisms responsible for how the brain can select what to listen to," said Lori Holt, professor of psychology in CMU's Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences and a faculty member of the Center for the Neural Basis of Cognition (CNBC).
To determine how the brain can listen out for important information in different acoustic frequency ranges-- similar to paying attention to the treble or bass in a music recording-- eight adults listened to one series of short tone melodies and ignored another distracting one, responding when they heard a melody repeat.
To understand how paying attention to the melodies changed brain activation, the researchers took advantage of a key way that sound information is laid out across the surface, or cortex, of the brain. The cortex contains many 'tonotopic' maps of auditory frequency, where each map represents frequency a little like an old radio display, with low frequencies on one end, going too high on the other. These maps are put together like pieces of a puzzle in the top part of the brain's temporal lobes.
When people in the MRI scanner listened to the melodies at different frequencies, the parts of the maps tuned to these frequencies were activated. What was surprising was that just paying attention to these frequencies activated the brain in a very similar way--not only in a few core areas, but also over much of the cortex where sound information is known to arrive and be processed.
The researchers then used a new high-resolution brain imaging technique called multiparameter mapping to see how the activation to hearing or just paying attention to different frequencies related to another key brain feature, or myelination. Myelin is the 'electrical insulation' of the brain, and brain regions differ a lot in how much myelin insulation is wrapped around the parts of neurons that transmit information.
In comparing the frequency and myelin maps, the researchers found that they were very related in specific areas: if there was an increase in the amount of myelin across a small patch of cortex, there was also an increase in how strong a preference neurons had for particular frequencies.
"This was an exciting finding because it potentially revealed some shared 'fault lines' in the auditory brain," said Frederic Dick, professor of auditory cognitive neuroscience at Birkbeck College and University College London. "Like earth scientists who try to understand what combination of soil, water and air conditions makes some land better for growing a certain crop, as neuroscientists we can start to understand how subtle differences in the brain's functional and structural architecture might make some regions more 'fertile ground' for learning new information like language or music."
###
Carnegie Mellon's Matt Lehet and Tim Keller, University College London's Martina F. Callaghan and Martin Sereno, of San Diego State University, also participated in the research.
CMU Alumus Jonathan Rothberg funded this work.
This is not the first brain research breakthrough to happen at Carnegie Mellon. CMU is the birthplace of artificial intelligence and cognitive psychology and has been a leader in the study of brain and behavior for more than 50 years. The university has created some of the first cognitive tutors, helped to develop the Jeopardy-winning Watson, founded a groundbreaking doctoral program in neural computation, and completed cutting-edge work in understanding the genetics of autism. Building on its strengths in biology, computer science, psychology, statistics and engineering, CMU launched BrainHub, an initiative that focuses on how the structure and activity of the brain give rise to complex behaviors.
Phoenix resident Jeff Jordan owns a second home in Diamond Valley, which he uses during the summer and closes up for the winter, shutting off the water in October.
So he was surprised to see his January bill charging him $109,500 for the month.
“I literally thought I had undergone another cardiac stress test,” Jordan said. He drove to Prescott to see if there was a massive leak of some kind, and envisioned what that might look like.
“What if there is a leak? It couldn't be a million gallons. Plus, if it leaked, everybody on the street would be washed downhill, the whole neighborhood,” he said.
Diamond Valley Water District's owner, Don Bohlier, said the company is replacing old meters and apparently, due to a bad check valve in the meter center, the meter turned backward.
Not by much. But zero gallons minus two gallons will read 999,998 gallons of water used on a 1-million-gallon meter.
“It was a shock to us, too, when we saw it. It was a fluke accident that happened. We got on it promptly,” Bohlier said, adding that he has not charged the customer for water use. “They are happy campers.”
Jordan said when the company looked at his bill history and saw he never used water in the winter, someone came out to check the meter, and it was replaced the following day.
According to the DVWD website, the company was established in 2006, has about 740 customers, and an average bill is about $70. In December, the company reported it had installed 404 drive-by meters. It has three storage tanks, four booster stations, seven booster pumps, and 72,000 feet of mainlines in its distribution system. DVWD gets its water from Prescott Valley.
Editor's Note - this article has been updated to reflect the correct number of the meter turning backward.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
Seattle Mayor Jenny Durkan will join “Q13 News This Morning” at 8:30 a.m. on Wednesday to discuss her new proposal and the ongoing effort to address homelessness region wide.
Seattle Mayor Jenny Durkan on Wednesday will announce a strategy to bring more than 500 homeless people in off the streets over the next 90 days.
In a proposal that she outlined to members of the press on Tuesday, Durkan said the city has looked for creative ways to leverage existing resources and space to provide shelter for as many people as possible.
“Our ability to move people out of cars, off streets, and out of tents has been difficult,” Durkan said during a closed-door briefing. “Not just because there is less affordable housing, but because our shelter capacity has been running about 93% full.”
“We need to do better,” she added. “We really focused on what we can do short term to move more people off the streets to a safe place where they can get the support that they need.”
If approved by the Seattle City Council, Durkan's plan would increase shelter capacity in the city by 25% over 90 days, serving an additional 522 people each night. The plan places an emphasis on advanced shelters, where people coming in off the streets have access to services and a path toward stable housing.
Durkan emphasized Tuesday that leaving people on the streets and in unsanctioned encampments is not an option.
“We all see some of the worst imaginable conditions – people are living among rats, needles, human waste, and garbage. And every three days, someone without a home dies in this City. We must act to move people off the streets and into safer, more stable places where they can more easily access the services they need.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Pending approval, the plan would expand enhanced shelter capacity to serve an additional 180 people, expand basic shelter services at City Hall by 120 beds, and create two new tiny home villages, among other investments.
The proposal to create 54 tiny homes in South Lake Union and 30 new tiny homes at 18th and Yesler would need to go through community outreach and engagement.
Durkan was asked whether she believes those neighborhoods will push back against the idea.
“None of this can be successful if we don't partner together as a city,” she said. “People have to feel like they understand what's happening, that they have a say in it, and that we're showing up for them.”
In total, the plan to expand shelter services through 2018 would cost around $6.3 million. Durkan said long-term funding is still up in the air, particularly if voters decide to overturn Seattle's newly passed tax on big business.
PRESCOTT — Two-time defending world champion bareback rider Tim O'Connell of Zwingle, Iowa, respects his competitors so much that they have kept him from getting cocky in the rodeo arena.
Heading into the Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association's (PRCA) 2017 National Finals Rodeo (NFR) in Las Vegas last December, for example, O'Connell owned an $80,000 lead in the world standings.
But he refused to rest on his laurels. O'Connell won his second straight NFR average title by posting 853.5 points on 10 head of horses for $67,269 in earnings.
“To do it back-to-back, to have both these buckles sitting in my hands again going back to Iowa, what a blessing,” O'Connell told prorodeo.com right after the 2017 NFR. “It was harder this year – way harder this year than it was last year. The group of guys that are here are better than any of the guys that have set foot in this arena. This is the best set of 15 bareback riders that ever hit this arena.”
During his 10 days at the 2017 NFR, O'Connell won Round 3 and placed in six others, garnering checks in seven of the tournament's 10 rounds. O'Connell ultimately nabbed $169,500 at the NFR alone, upping his final earnings for the 2017 season to $371,416.
“I had a really hot summer and a really strong winter,” O'Connell said June 29 from the Prescott Rodeo Grounds about his 2017 campaign. “Then I was ready to roll at the NFR.”
At the Prescott Frontier Days Rodeo on June 29, O'Connell notched an 81-point ride on a horse named Jungle Cat. By the time Monday rolled around, O'Connell had dropped out of the Top 8 here. However, the 26-year-old, who has qualified for the NFR in each of the past four years after joining the PRCA in 2013, hasn't let the disappointments bother him.
“I trust my trainers, I trust my wife [Sami], and everyone that I talk to as far as getting my head right, getting my spiritual life right and getting my body right,” said O'Connell, who won a Frontier Days buckle in 2016 and placed second here last year. “When you trust the process and you believe in your process, you take luck right out of the equation.”
MENTAL GAME
Through Monday, O'Connell was ranked No. 2 in the world rankings for bareback riders, trailing only Caleb Bennett of Tremonton, Utah. Bennett, 29, leads O'Connell by about $13,000, compiling a total of some $93,350 to O'Connell's $80,300.
“The thing that separates Tim from a lot of competitors is just his mental game,” said Logan Corbett, one of O'Connell's traveling partners this summer. “Finishing anything less than first is not an option. When he comes here [to Prescott], he comes to win. He didn't come to place. He's very intense, which is huge. And a lot of that's rubbed off on me.”
During Cowboy Christmas, the action-packed summer rodeo docket, O'Connell has a chance to catch up to Bennett in short order as long as he stays consistent.
“It's a little slower than what I expected [this season], but my last month has been just killer – it's been as good as I could possibly imagine my last month going,” O'Connell said. “So, it's really put me on track and got my confidence way high, got me feeling good about my riding. Everything else takes care of itself in the summer.”
The 5-foot-7, 145-pound O'Connell has already won buckles at 10 different rodeos and was co-champion at three others this year. Meanwhile, Bennett, who has made six consecutive NFR appearances (2012-17), has won buckles at 10 different rodeos and was a co-champion at two others. O'Connell seems to welcome the stiff competition.
“There's a new group of guys mixed with these older guys, mixed with our generation, that is just dirty when it comes to riding bareback horses,” O'Connell said. “Guys ride better, guys train harder, guys want it more. So, when you combine all three of them things, you have high level of competition every time you have to nod your head. It forces you to step your game up.”
Shane O'Connell of Rapid City, South Dakota, another of Tim's traveling partners who isn't related to him despite sharing the same last name, presently sits in an impressive eighth in the world standings. Corbett, rodeo coach at New Mexico State University in Las Cruces, New Mexico, is currently 20th in the world.
Shane said Tim has a strategy of traveling to the rodeos with the best-trained horses, which can generate solid paydays if you ride well enough for the required 8 seconds to score. Through Monday, Logan and Shane remained in the Top 5 of the standings at Frontier Days after posting 88- and 86-point rides, respectively, on June 29.
“The summer's kinda when we get hot,” Shane said. “We kind of feed off each other. It's just a positive energy. Those guys have got good heads on their shoulders and kind of keep me in line a little bit.”
Doug Cook is a sports reporter for The Daily Courier. Follow him on Twitter at @dougout_dc. Email him at dcook@prescottaz.com or call 928-445-3333, ext. 2039.
ABERDEEN PROVING GROUND, Md. (Feb. 2, 2018) - Researchers at the U.S. Army Research Laboratory and the University of Texas at Austin have developed new techniques for robots or computer programs to learn how to perform tasks by interacting with a human instructor. The findings of the study will be presented and published at the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence Conference in New Orleans, Louisiana, Feb. 2-7.
ARL and UT researchers considered a specific case where a human provides real-time feedback in the form of critique. First introduced by collaborator Dr. Peter Stone, a professor at the University of Texas at Austin, along with his former doctoral student, Brad Knox, as TAMER, or Training an Agent Manually via Evaluative Reinforcement, the ARL/UT team developed a new algorithm called Deep TAMER.
It is an extension of TAMER that uses deep learning - a class of machine learning algorithms that are loosely inspired by the brain to provide a robot the ability to learn how to perform tasks by viewing video streams in a short amount of time with a human trainer.
According to Army researcher Dr. Garrett Warnell, the team considered situations where a human teaches an agent how to behave by observing it and providing critique, for example, "good job" or "bad job" -similar to the way a person might train a dog to do a trick. Warnell said the researchers extended earlier work in this field to enable this type of training for robots or computer programs that currently see the world through images, which is an important first step in designing learning agents that can operate in the real world.
Many current techniques in artificial intelligence require robots to interact with their environment for extended periods of time to learn how to optimally perform a task. During this process, the agent might perform actions that may not only be wrong, like a robot running into a wall for example, but catastrophic like a robot running off the side of a cliff. Warnell said help from humans will speed things up for the agents, and help them avoid potential pitfalls.
As a first step, the researchers demonstrated Deep TAMER's success by using it with 15 minutes of human-provided feedback to train an agent to perform better than humans on the Atari game of bowling - a task that has proven difficult for even state-of-the-art methods in artificial intelligence. Deep-TAMER-trained agents exhibited superhuman performance, besting both their amateur trainers and, on average, an expert human Atari player.
Within the next one to two years, researchers are interested in exploring the applicability of their newest technique in a wider variety of environments: for example, video games other than Atari Bowling and additional simulation environments to better represent the types of agents and environments found when fielding robots in the real world.
Their work will be published in the AAAI 2018 conference proceedings.
"The Army of the future will consist of Soldiers and autonomous teammates working side-by-side," Warnell said. "While both humans and autonomous agents can be trained in advance, the team will inevitably be asked to perform tasks, for example, search and rescue or surveillance, in new environments they have not seen before. In these situations, humans are remarkably good at generalizing their training, but current artificially-intelligent agents are not."
Deep TAMER is the first step in a line of research its researchers envision will enable more successful human-autonomy teams in the Army. Ultimately, they want autonomous agents that can quickly and safely learn from their human teammates in a wide variety of styles such as demonstration, natural language instruction and critique.
###
The U.S. Army Research Laboratory is part of the U.S. Army Research, Development and Engineering Command, which has the mission to provide innovative research, development and engineering to produce capabilities that provide decisive overmatch to the Army against the complexities of the current and future operating environments in support of the joint warfighter and the nation. RDECOM is a major subordinate command of the U.S. Army Material Command.
Eggs Up Grill at Forest Acres has announced its opening date. Photo by Paul Osmundson
A A
At the end of a successful day, Elizabeth Higley can reflect on the many people she has spoken with, emailed, trained or interviewed, and know that all her team's hard work is serving to facilitate healthy relationships between children in the mental health service system and adult mentors. Higley said studies show that kids who have a relationship with a mentor through her program, Great Life Mentoring, experience more improved mental health outcomes than those who only receive mental health services.
It's because their needs are met,” Higley said. “They know the mentors are there because they choose to be. They're not just paid to be there.”
Residence city: Portland
Business name: Columbia River Mental Health Services, Great Life Mentoring program. 6926 N.E. Fourth Plain Blvd., Vancouver. 360-993-3184 www.greatlifementoring.com
Age: 50
Educational/professional background: I received my formal education through Portland State University (Bachelor of Science Communications) and the University of Washington (Certificate in Mental Illness and Addiction) but it has been my years of service to the community and personal education that have truly prepared me for the work of developing Great Life Mentoring. I have volunteered steadily for more than 30 years helping women, children and programs develop.
How — and when — you got started in your business: I have been interested in supporting vulnerable children since I was in the fifth grade and learned about abuse and neglect. I was so outraged by the injustice that I pointed my life-steps in ways I could help. In 2000, when the Clark County Department of Community Services and Columbia River Mental Health wanted to provide mentoring services to the young people in our community, I was the fortunate person who got hired to create the program. The program is now a Promising Practice on the Washington State Inventory of Evidence-Based Practices and a model of quality in the field. Great Life Mentoring (formerly called 4Results) enriches the lives of children in the mental healthcare system and consequently, the lives of the mentors as well.
Personal/business philosophy: After meeting the first child enrolled in the mentoring program, I knew I could not give him a mentor that I would not allow my own child to be mentored by. I am driven by deep convictions that every child deserves the very best. I don't view my work as a job or career but as privilege. It is a labor of love to serve to the world by helping people develop themselves in healthy relationships.
Most rewarding part of job: I want to spend my time on things that matter; and in my work of developing healthy relationships for vulnerable children, there is deep meaning. For sixteen years now, both the mentors and kids have been saying that our program has enriched their lives. We ask mentors to commit for one year, and 98 percent of them follow through (the national average is 45 percent). Beyond that, many want to stay longer; our average match length is four years. It brings me immense satisfaction to know people are so blessed.
Most challenging part of job: The unmet need. Our program serves children receiving publicly funded mental health services through all child-serving agencies in Clark County — that's a lot of kids who need mentors, and there are just not a lot of people who volunteer.
Something surprising about your work: There is a national interest in the Great Life Mentoring model. Two leading researchers in the field are principal investigators of our research project. With their expertise leading the way, we are working to gather the scientific evidence needed to replicate the program in mental health centers across the country.
Best feature of my Clark County community: Without a doubt, it's the people. Through my work, I'm shown the heart of this community's people and those individuals restore my faith in the goodness of humanity.
What would make your community a better place? If the folks who care about kids and are not yet serving would be willing to reach out, we could help them to become successful mentors, and they would become the catalyst to make Clark County a better place today and for generations to come.
What is your favorite travel destination and type: Absolutely anywhere, as long as I'm with my husband! I really don't care if we are on a ferry in Puget Sound, on a plane to New York City or on a train to Cinque Terra, Italy. We could simply be in our own car going to a farm on the Oregon Coast where we've been dozens of times.
Favorite restaurant/pub/coffee shop/store: My favorite Clark County go-to spots are McMenamins on the Columbia for the view, and because I'm a Cosmic Tripster; New Seasons, because I love what they offer to stay healthy; and Starbucks, because they get my coffee right every time and some of their wonderful employees are supporters of Great Life Mentoring.
Hobbies: My favorite pastimes are writing, quality time in long-term relationships, and experiencing nature and traveling with my husband.
Most enjoyable book/play/movie/arts event in past 12 months: Book: “An Altar in the World,” by Barbara Brown Taylor. Movie: “Room.” I was mesmerized by the sweetness of the relationship of mother and child, the courage, the hope, the ability to survive. Arts Event: I'll be going to the New York City Ballet at Lincoln Center for my birthday next month, and it's already my favorite!
Something you'd like to do this year/within five years: This year I hope to complete another round of edits to improve a book I've been writing. In five years, I hope to see completion of the Great Life Mentoring research project, which would mean seeing its model replicated in other areas; bringing the same positive outcomes to kids with mental health needs across the country.
One word to describe yourself: Devoted.
Person you'd most like to meet: Bono Vox, lead singer of the rock band U2.
Student leaders and campus journalists are locked inside a holding room in the House of Representatives for hours to keep them from attending the hearing on the implementing rules and regulations of the free tuition law
Published 1:04 PM, March 20, 2018
MANILA, Philippines — Several student leaders and campus journalists were barred from the public hearing on the implementing rules of the law on free education in state colleges at the House of Representatives on Monday, March 19.
The students were locked inside a holding room in the House to keep them from attending the hearing. They were only allowed to leave the room, where they were guarded by House security, after the hearing.
The College Editors Guild of the Philippines (CEGP) posted the video showing students inside the holding area banging the doors of the room, demanding to be allowed to attend the hearing, as well as their heated interaction with House authorities when they were finally allowed to leave.
As of posting, the video garnered over 4,000 views.
It was supposed to be a public hearing on Free Education and Implementing Rules and Regulations of the Committee on Higher Technical Education (CHTE) but only a few selected students were allowed to attend it.
House authorities also prohibited representatives of student publications from covering the event. (READ: Why campus journalists should go beyond classrooms)
Ruth Lumibao, legislative staff of Kabataan party list, told Rappler in a phone interview that they waited for more than two hours in the holding room only to find out that they had been locked inside. She said that it was the CHTE who gave the orders to halt the participation of students in the hearing.
"Kasi 1:30 pm dapat 'yung meeting, pero around 3:30 pm nandoon pa rin sa holding room 'yung mga leaders and student guests. Ayaw sila palipatin actually nagstart na pala 'yung hearing. Doon na kami nagtanong kung bakit ayaw pa rin kami palipatin. Sabi nila, inaayos pa raw 'yung template, pero ang totoo ay nagsimula na pala sila," Lumibao said.
(The meeting was at 1:30 pm but around 3:30 pm, the leaders and student guests were still in the holding room. They refused to let them move out when the hearing was actually starting already. They said they were still fixing the template, but the truth is they already started.)
Lumibao said the House committee and the CHTE offered no explanation regarding what happened. She also wondered aloud why members of the Philippine National Police were in the area during the hearing.
"It's weird because aside from the Legislative Security Bureau, why was there PNP inside? It's really weird. Because we all know that it's LSB that handles security in Congress. Why did they have to ask for another security party?" Lumibao said in a mix of Filipino and English.
Lumibao also shared that Raul Manuel of the National Union of Students of the Philippines and his colleagues were sent out following tensions between Commission on Higher Education (CHED) officials and student leaders during the hearing.
“This is why the youth continues to dominate the streets instead of taking the battle where the arena only favors the reactionaries. Thousands more of youth will be angered by the intensified commercialization of Philippine education and they will surely mobilize to fight for a genuine free education,” said Jon Callueng, CEGP national president.
The students sought to participate in the hearing to raise their concerns and air their opinions about the new free tuition policy. (READ: Higher budget, free tuition in state colleges: Easier said than done)
On August 3, 2017, President Rodrigo Duterte signed the Universal Access to Quality Tertiary Education Act, a law providing free tuition to students of 112 state universities and colleges (SUCs). – Rappler.com
NASA has transformed selfies taken by its Mars rover Curiosity into a stunning self-portrait.
Released this week, the photo shows Curiosity in the middle of the dusty, red Martian terrain, with Mount Sharp in the background.
It gives us an unprecedented look at the Gale Crater, and was taken from high up on the Vera Rubin Ridge.
Curiosity's Mast Camera, or Mastcam, took images of its panorama while the rover paused on the northern edge of Vera Rubin Ridge.
Watch the footage above.
MORE: Elon Musk's mission to Mars revealed
SPECIAL REPORT: If we invade Mars, will we kill it?
BUZZ ALDRIN: Why going to Mars is totally worth it
Camera Icon A self-portrait of NASA's Curiosity Mars rover on Vera Rubin Ridge. Picture: AP, NASA/AP
The mission has subsequently approached the southern edge of the ridge and examined several outcrop locations along the way, NASA reports.
Dozens of pictures were used to create the image, which spans many kilometres.
Last week, the Curiosity team on Earth received new images from the rover through a record-setting relay by NASA's MAVEN orbiter that surpassed a gigabit of data during a single relay session from Mars for the first time in history.
Camera Icon A vantage point on "Vera Rubin Ridge" provided NASA's Curiosity Mars rover on February 2, 2018. Picture: AFP, NASA/AFP
The team is preparing to resume use of Curiosity's drill for acquiring powdered rock samples to be analysed by laboratory instruments inside the rover, more than a year after the most recent of the 15 times the drill has pulled sample material from Martian rocks.
NASA's Andrew Good said: “When Curiosity landed on Mars five years ago, the team's intention was to study lower Mount Sharp, where the rover will remain for all of its time on Mars.
“The mountain's base provides access to layers formed over millions of years.
“These layers formed in the presence of water — likely due to a lake or lakes where sediments accumulated, which formed these layers inside Gale Crater.”
Camera Icon A viewpoint on "Vera Rubin Ridge" provided NASA's Curiosity Mars rover shows where it began its mission inside Gale Crater, plus more-distant features of the crater. Picture: Supplied, NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS
Curiosity has been roaming Mars since 2012.
Its next stop is the slope shown in the self-portrait, where it will probe what's believed to be clay-rich soil.
The Curiosity is NASA's longest running rover, and has travelled more than 45 kilometres since 2004.
The rover has proved to be a treasure trove of stunning Martian images, sending back over 224,000 snaps since it first arrived on the red planet.
It's currently exploring the Perseverance Valley — where the new pictures were taken — which is a giant channel that scientists say was likely carved by a fluid.
NASA is getting ready to put another lander on Mars, a robotic geologist named InSight. Liftoff is targeted for May from California.
Parts of this story originally appeared in The Sun and have been republished with permission.
SHANGHAI (Reuters) - British Trade Minister Liam Fox said on Friday it would be very difficult for Britain to remain in any kind of customs union with the European Union after Brexit.
“It is very difficult to see how being in a customs union is compatible with having an independent trade policy because we would therefore be dependent on what the EU negotiated in terms of its trading policies and we'd be following behind that,” Fox told Bloomberg TV in China.
“We have to be outside of that to take advantage of those growing markets. One of the reasons we are leaving the European Union is to take control and that's not possible with a common external tariff.”
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Dubai media office
Dubai media office
Dubai media office
Dubai media office
Dubai media office
Dubai media office
NASA says it intends to send humans to Mars in the 2030s, but the space agency does not have a realistic budget to do so. SpaceX's Elon Musk says he will send the first human colonists to Mars in the 2020s, but his company also lacks the funding to implement its bold plans without a major government partner.
We can now add the United Arab Emirates to the list of those entities who want to see Mars colonized. However, even if it too lacks the space exploration budget or technology to do so at this time, the federation of seven Arab emirates appears to have a much more reasonable timeline for sending humans to the red planet—the year 2117, a century from now.
The ruler of one of the seven emirates, Dubai's Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, announced UAE's colonization plan this week at the World Government Summit in Dubai. Later, in a series of tweets, Sheikh Mohammad explained, "The project, to be named 'Mars 2117,' integrates a vision to create a mini-city and community on Mars involving international cooperation. We aspire in the coming century to develop science, technology, and our youth's passion for knowledge. This project is driven by that vision."
Further Reading Musk's Mars moment: Audacity, madness, brilliance—or maybe all three The UAE's space agency, which already has a partnership with French and British space agencies, envisions an international program. "The Mars 2117 project will develop an Emirati and international team of scientists to push the human exploration of Mars in years to come," Sheikh Mohammad said. "Mars 2117 is a seed we are sowing today to reap the fruit of new generations led by a passion for science and advancing human knowledge."
According to Dubai's media office, an Emirati team of engineers, scientists, and researchers has developed a concept for the first human city on Mars, which will be constructed by robots in advance of human habitation. This Martian city would have transportation, power production, food and—based upon some concept drawings released—very modern-looking buildings.
This is all rather ambitious for a space agency that was formed just three years ago. However, the new goal does seem consistent with UAE's interest in Mars, as the Arab federation has previously announced a plan to launch an automobile-size probe named "Hope" to Mars in 2020 to study the planet's atmosphere.
What is perhaps most notable about Mars 2117 is that it represents a third major stakeholder interested in sending humans to Mars, alongside NASA and SpaceX. Most of the rest of the global space community, from Europe to Russia to China, have expressed far more interest in developing lunar resources rather than far more ambitious human missions to Mars.
Listing image by Dubai media office
An Army veteran whose body was left unclaimed at the Honolulu morgue for months will finally be getting a proper burial.
James Sands' sister Nicki says she was shocked to learn about her brother's death after being contacted by a stranger in Hawaii. Despite the saddening news, Nicki says she was touched to know he has friends who care about him so much.
Nicki said she and Sands' father, older sister and mother all passed away about ten years ago.
The family was originally from Texas but Nicki said they also lived in Louisiana and Kansas. She now lives in Riverside, California and is his only surviving immediate family member.
She has agreed to release her brother's body to the Army so he can have a military burial.
It was what his friends were praying for.
"Thank God we can put a close to his story to finally give him a proper burial," said friend Manase Huakau.
Another friend, James Smith added, "It's a blessing to hear that he's going to be put to rest the right way."
Sands was killed trying to cross the road with his walker after being released from Queens West in the early morning of March 4th. The 72-year-old veteran was identified through fingerprints.
However, after months of research, the Medical Examiner's Office was unable to find any family members to claim his body.
Friends pitched in to find photos to tell a story that struck a nerve among veterans and military families.
"I looked through his pictures and I said this guy was somebody, he can't go out like this, he just can't," Smith said.
Nicki says her brother was always an adventurer and came to Hawaii in the 1960s on a whim. Photographs and newspaper clippings show he paddled for Healani Canoe Club and Hawaiian Warrior Canoe Club and raced in the Molokai Hoe.
Smith and Huakau say Hawaii is where Jim belongs.
"To be here with us, I think would be the best thing for him," Smith said. "I know he's smiling right now. I know he is. He's gotta be."
“That's the best news I've heard,” Huakau added.
Nicki says she is just waiting on paperwork to officially release her brother's body.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Get twice-weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
On BBC Newsnight on February 10, the departing Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe was reflecting on his tenure in office.
He declared he was right to pour huge resource into Plebgate – the row over what Chief Whip Andrew Mitchell said when police refused to open the gates of Downing Street to let him cycle through.
This was a case where the police stood accused of interfering in the stately march of democracy so it was important, said Sir Bernard.
In the same Scotland Yard in-tray as the Plebgate papers would sit files relating to the Lutfur Rahman scandal.
Again the police were patrolling the border between democracy and decency. Again there were claims of collusion and conspiracy. But there, the similarity stops. There was no Plebgate-style laser focus on happenings in Tower Hamlets. There was the opposite. There was opacity and confusion and irresolution.
Rahman steals election
In 2014, Lutfur Rahman won the mayoralty for a second time and resumed his campaign to subvert the processes of Tower Hamlets Council. The election was challenged in the High Court and he was found to have engaged in corrupt and illegal practices and was booted out of office.
His was one of the most egregious assaults on British democracy in the modern era, an illegal and tawdry conspiracy to defraud the electorate. Yet no-one has come before a criminal court to answer for their actions – all because of a perverse decision taken in a most questionable manner.
Yes, Metropolitan Police officers investigated. Yes they interviewed witnesses and took statements. Yes, they talked with the Crown Prosecution Service. But no, they did not pass the full file to the CPS. They became judge and jury and, faced with a complicated, nuanced and challenging legal case, they reached for the rubber stamp – thwack! – No Further Action.
This might be OK in cases of low level criminality but in a case of the highest profile public interest, it raises questions about the rigour and propriety of the process.
The test for prosecution
In the late 1970s, following the “Confait case”, a miscarriage of justice caused by the over-reach of investigators, the police were stripped of their prosecutorial powers. Instead, in 1986, the Crown Prosecution Service was established. The police would investigate, pass their findings to the CPS which would decide whether to prosecute.
The CPS has mechanisms and procedures to assess whether a case should be brought to trial based on the “evidential test” and the “public interest” test as laid out in The Code For Crown Prosecutors .
So, if two choirboys, squabbling over the last Hobnob, came to an altercation that resulted in one falling and hurting his arm on a kerbstone, it is safe to conclude that prosecuting the other for ABH might not be in the public interest.
If a candidate used lies, bribery and unlawful influence to steal a election and then used that power to divert huge sums of taxpayer's money to fund, in part, further bribery, it would stand in legal textbooks as the very definition of public interest.
The second, evidential, test demands not that a jury will definitely find a defendant guilty but that there is a “realistic prospect of conviction”. In the Rahman case, there was, in effect, an impressive “mock trial” to gauge that prospect.
The election court worked to a criminal standard – beyond reasonable doubt – and ruled emphatically against Rahman and his party, producing, in the process, 27 files of meticulous evidence and the judge's damning and eloquent denunciation.
So it is reasonable to assume the CPS would conclude that prosecutions passed that “realistic prospect” test.
But the CPS never had to make that decision. The police never sent them the “full file”. Officers in the Special Enquiry Team concluded there was “insufficient evidence” and that was that. Case closed.
Why it matters
This is a clear example of a case that should not have been curtailed. This is one that should have been pursued as far as possible because of what was at stake. Voting – and faith in the ballot box – is what holds everything together – everything – including democracy, community cohesion, policing by consent and the rule of law.
In this case, there was even less risk than usual. Perhaps no risk. The election heard, to a criminal standard of proof, slam-dunk cases of bribery and fraud, for example.
Still the police declined to show an interest despite saying they were adopting a “robust and pro-active” approach.
It is unclear why there is such a gulf between claim and action. The police “won't go into detail on individual cases”. Into the vacuum comes speculation – from competence, to ignorance of the law, to “cultural sensitivity” to blind eyes and deaf ears.
None of these satisfies. When it was clear that the matter would not be allowed to rest, why not simply follow the routine? If investigators had concerns over the admissibility of hearsay evidence or burden of proof standards, as the Met's Cmdr Stuart Cundy suggested, pass the buck to the legal experts at the CPS and be done.
Instead that important decision was closeted and hoarded, taken in an opaque manner, with little accountability, and against any instinct for law, process, common sense, community cohesion, transparency, clarity, good order or public interest.
The consequences
The consequences of that decision are driven deep and will live long.
Here are just three.
Firstly, right-minded people with an instinctive trust in the police and a respect for their courage and service now have cause to question their faith. As Mayor John Biggs has pointed out, there is palpable dissatisfaction and dismay in a community that is already vulnerable to alienation. (Sir Bernard on Newsnight boasted of his success in cutting divisive stop-and-search episodes – yet in Tower Hamlets he has replaced a splinter with a beam.)
Secondly, 16 councillors sit in the Town Hall based on an election that was dismissed as unlawful and built on a campaign that was disgraceful. They make public policy decisions and receive generous allowances because of a technical anomaly: their party, their boss and their ringleader were individually named in court – and banned – but they were not. They ride on the coat-tails of corruption, an ongoing challenge to the effective reach of the law.
Thirdly, Sir Bernard is now an unlikely cheerleader in Lutfur Rahman's quest for rehabilitation . The former mayor has made an application to have his disqualification removed. Mr Rahman, in effect, says the Met gave him a clean bill of health therefore he's acquitted.
So the police's decision not to pursue this case to the fullest extent is not an arcane gobbet of history – it is a matter of significant political imperative.
What must happen now
On March 28, 2013, the police submitted their report on Operation Alice to the CPS. The investigation had cost an estimated £237,000, involved a team of officers and followed what Sir Bernard had promised would be a “ruthless search for the truth”. He would get to the bottom of that split-second exchange at the gates of Downing Street.
Why the police denied the people of Tower Hamlets a similar crusade on a matter that goes further to the heart of public life should now be the subject of an inquiry by Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary .
It's a sugary treat that has delighted many a sweet tooth over the past 110 or so years. Let's use it as an example of how we can be more respectful to each other in this politically charged environment.
Some people don't care for Tootsie Rolls. The sugary, carmel/chocolate confection holds no allure because the recipe doesn't mix well on the thousands of taste buds on that particular palate.
There is nothing wrong with that. This world is full of billions of people and if you wanted them to all agree on something that list is pretty short. Tootsie Rolls probably wouldn't get within the zip code.
Along the spectrum of love to hate, Tootsie Rolls have someone entrenched in every camp along the way. It doesn't make them wrong or right. Nor should it cause anyone to have a nervous breakdown because there is a disagreement.
In a larger perspective, it's a lot harder to contain feelings on issues that drive more passion, money or power. Obviously Tootsie Roll Industries has a high degree of investment in how people react to their product. There are other candy companies who would like to siphon customers away to sample their treats. In the middle are the consumers who can be open to suggestion on which way to fall.
Pick an issue that garners ratings on radio or television, clicks on a website or mentions in social media. From faith to immigration that same level of love to hate applies to each subject. We should not be surprised at this, being human means showing emotion or at the very least having emotion, but suppressing them.
How people choose to express themselves on these impassioned issues is their business and how we react to their views is our prerogative. Please express and react if at all possible with dignity and grace.
See Also:
Oklahoma City firefighters responded to a report of a vehicle that struck a building in northwest Oklahoma City, Wednesday morning.
TAC 1: Responding on a report of a vehicle that has struck a building near NW. 32nd and Classen. No word on injuries. 8:03 a.m. — Oklahoma City Fire (@OKCFD) May 30, 2018
Officials responded at the scene near Northwest 32nd Street and Classen Avenue around 8:00 a.m. Officials initially reported four people suffered injuries, and requested additional EMSA support.
TAC 1: Firefighters are requesting an additional EMSA unit for the 'vehicle vs. building' incident at NW. 32nd and Classen. Four people are injured. 8:06 a.m. — Oklahoma City Fire (@OKCFD) May 30, 2018
Officials upgraded the number of injuries to 6 around 8:30. All victims were transported with minor injuries.
A total of four children and two adults were transported with non-life-threatening injuries. — Oklahoma City Fire (@OKCFD) May 30, 2018
According to police, two vehicles collided at the scene. After the crash, one of the drivers accidentally accelerated and crashed into a car port.
Stay with News9.com or your News 9 app for more information as it becomes available.
REAL MADRID AND Portugal star Cristiano Ronaldo again hit back at his critics after winning yet another individual award.
Ronaldo was named the best Portuguese Player of 2017 yesterday, beating Sporting CP goalkeeper Rui Patricio and Manchester City star Bernardo Silva.
The 33-year-old claimed a record-equalling fifth Ballon d'Or last year, having helped Madrid win La Liga and the Champions League.
Ronaldo is finding form again late this campaign and the superstar forward dismissed his critics.
“I am grateful for this award to all those who are here,” he said.
“It is also an award for all my colleagues — 2017 was an excellent year, unforgettable both collectively and individually.”
“I also dedicate it to my four children. That's another record — three children in three months.
“We have to defend what is ours because there is always a Portuguese in the fight.
I always believe and say that I am the best, whatever they say, and then I show it on the field. We are in the fight year after year.”
Ronaldo scored 42 goals in 46 games in all competitions in 2016-17, while he has 37 in 35 so far this season.
He scored four times in a 6-3 win over Girona on Sunday, marking the 50th hat-trick of his career for club and country.
Madrid sits third in La Liga, 15 points behind rivals Barcelona. They resume league play against Las Palmas after the international break before facing Juventus three days later in the first leg of a Champions League quarter-final tie.
Insulin Pumps Market report provides the latest market data along with industry future trends, which keeps tracking of users driving revenue growth rate of Insulin Pumps Market by product (insulin pumps and insulin pump supplies & accessories), distribution channel (hospital pharmacy, retail pharmacy, online sales and diabetes clinics or centers) market status and outlook of global and major regions, from manufacturers, and end industries. As this report is expected to help key players among the Insulin Pumps Market it includes the five years Industry analysis and the 6 years annual forecast from 2017 to 2023. Some of the prominent participants in the Global Insulin Pumps Market are Animas Corporation, SOOIL Developments Co., Animas Corporation, Medtronic, Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Ypsomed AG, Valeritas, Inc., Jiangsu Delfu Co., Ltd. and Cellnovo Group SA. According to report the global insulin pumps market is projected to grow at a CAGR of 8.9% over the forecast period of 2017-2023.
Get free Sample Pages of this Premium Report: – https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/151
Hospital Pharmacy is the Most Preferred Distribution Channel Category, and is expected to Remain Highly Profitable throughout the Forecast Period
Insulin pumps are portable devices attached to the body that continuously deliver amounts of rapid or short acting insulin through a catheter placed under the skin. These are better alternative to insulin injections as they reduce the need for multiple insulin injections per day and give the user increased ability to control blood glucose levels. Approximately 1 in 1,000 people with diabetes wear an insulin pump. An insulin pump consists of the main pump unit which holds an insulin reservoir which typically holds between 176 and 300 units of insulin. The reservoir is attached to a long, thin piece of tubing with a needle or cannula at one end. The tubing and the bit at the end are called the infusion set. Insulin pump therapy is also referred to as continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion therapy.
The Growing Awareness among the Population, and Increasing Preference for Non-Invasive Methods are Expected to Drive the Market at a Significant Growth Rate in the Coming Years
Rise in base of geriatric population, increasing incidence rates of diabetes worldwide, benefits of insulin pumps over injections such as improved glucose control, convenience, and flexibility; growing awareness among the population, and increasing preference for non-invasive methods are expected to drive the market at a significant growth rate in the coming years. However, skin infection, weight gain and high costs associated with these devices are some of the restraining factors which could hinder the market.
Segment Covered
The report on global insulin pumps market covers segments such as, product and distribution channel. On the basis of product the global insulin pumps market is categorized into insulin pumps and insulin pump supplies & accessories. On the basis of distribution channel the global insulin pumps market is categorized into hospital pharmacy, retail pharmacy, online sales and diabetes clinics or centers.
The U.S. Makes North America Remunerative Region
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. In this section the key trends and market size for each geography is provided over the period of 2015-2023.The countries covered in the North America region include the U.S., Canada, and Mexico; while Asia-Pacific includes China, Japan, India, South Korea, Malaysia, and among others. Moreover, Germany, U.K., France, Spain, and Rest of Europe are included in the European region. The U.S. drives the growth in the North America region as it is the largest market in the region. The Asia-pacific region offers a substantial potential for the market growth owing to rapid growth in markets such as India and China. The APAC region is projected to experience a growth at a CAGR of x.x% over the period of 2017-2023.
Major Key Players Mentioned in this Research Report
The report provides profiles of the companies in the global insulin pumps market such as, Animas Corporation, SOOIL Developments Co., Animas Corporation, Medtronic, Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Ypsomed AG, Valeritas, Inc., Jiangsu Delfu Co., Ltd. and Cellnovo Group SA.
Make an Enquiry: – https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/enquiry/151
Table of Contents:-
1. Preface
1.1. Report Description
1.2. Research Methods
1.3. Research Approaches
2. Executive Summary
3. Global Insulin Pumps Market Overview
3.1. Introduction
3.2. Market Dynamics
3.2.1. Drivers
3.2.2. Restraints
3.2.3. Opportunities
3.3. Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.4. IGR-Growth Matrix Analysis
3.5. Competitive Landscape in the Global Insulin Pumps Market
4. Global Insulin Pumps Market by Product
4.1. Insulin Pumps
4.2. Insulin Pump Supplies & Accessories
5. Global Insulin Pumps Market by Distribution Channel
5.1. Hospital Pharmacy
5.2. Retail Pharmacy
5.3. Sales and Diabetes
6. Global Insulin Pumps Market by Region
6.1. North America
6.1.1. North America Insulin Pumps Market by Product
6.1.2. North America Insulin Pumps Market by Distribution Channel
6.1.3. North America Insulin Pumps Market by Country
6.2. Europe
6.2.1. Europe Insulin Pumps Market by Product
6.2.2. Europe Insulin Pumps Market by Distribution Channel
6.2.3. Europe Insulin Pumps Market by Country
6.3. Asia-Pacific
6.3.1. Asia-Pacific Insulin Pumps Market by Product
6.3.2. Asia-Pacific Insulin Pumps Market by Distribution Channel
6.3.3. Asia-Pacific Insulin Pumps Market by Country
6.4. RoW
6.4.1. RoW Insulin Pumps Market by Product
6.4.2. RoW Insulin Pumps Market by Distribution Channel
6.4.3. RoW Insulin Pumps Market by Sub-region
7. Company Covered
7.1. Animas Corporation
7.2. SOOIL Developments Co.
7.3. Animas Corporation,
7.4. Medtronic
7.5. Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc.
7.6. F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd.
7.7. Ypsomed AG
7.8. Valeritas, Inc.
7.9. Jiangsu Delfu Co. Ltd
7.10. Cellnovo Group SA.
Browse Detailed TOC, Description and Companies Mentioned in Report @
https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/healthcare_medical_devices/global_insulin_pumps_market
Look above the traffic light at a busy intersection in your city and you will probably see a camera. These devices may have been installed to monitor traffic conditions and provide visuals in the case of a collision. But can they do more? Can they help planners optimize traffic flow or identify sites that are most likely to have accidents? And can they do so without requiring individuals to slog through hours of footage?
Researchers from the Texas Advanced Computing Center (TACC), the University of Texas Center for Transportation Research and the City of Austin believe so. Together, they are working to develop tools that allow sophisticated, searchable traffic analyses using deep learning and data mining.
At the IEEE International Conference on Big Data this month, they will present a new deep learning tool that uses raw traffic camera footage from City of Austin cameras to recognize objects - people, cars, buses, trucks, bicycles, motorcycles and traffic lights - and characterize how those objects move and interact. This information can then be analyzed and queried by traffic engineers and officials to determine, for instance, how many cars drive the wrong way down a one-way street.
"We are hoping to develop a flexible and efficient system to aid traffic researchers and decision-makers for dynamic, real-life analysis needs," said Weijia Xu, a research scientist who leads the Data Mining & Statistics Group at TACC. "We don't want to build a turn-key solution for a single, specific problem. We want to explore means that may be helpful for a number of analytical needs, even those that may pop up in the future."
The algorithm they developed for traffic analysis automatically labels all potential objects from the raw data, tracks objects by comparing them with other previously recognized objects and compares the outputs from each frame to uncover relationships among the objects.
Once researchers had developed a system capable of labeling, tracking and analyzing traffic, they applied it to two practical examples: counting how many moving vehicles traveled down a road and identifying close encounters between vehicles and pedestrians.
The system automatically counted vehicles in a 10-minute video clip, and preliminary results showed that their tool was 95 percent accurate overall.
Understanding traffic volumes and their distribution over time is critical to validating transportation models and evaluating the performance of the transportation network, said Natalia Ruiz Juri, a research associate and director of the Network Modeling Center at UT's Center for Transportation Research.
"Current practice often relies on the use of expensive sensors for continuous data collection or on traffic studies that sample traffic volumes for a few days during selected time periods," she said. "The use of artificial intelligence to automatically generate traffic volumes from existing cameras would provide a much broader spatial and temporal coverage of the transportation network, facilitating the generation of valuable datasets to support innovative research and to understand the impact of traffic management and operation decisions."
In the case of potential close encounters, researchers were able to automatically identify a number of cases where vehicles and pedestrians were in close proximity. None of these represented real-life dangers, but they demonstrated how the system discovers dangerous locations without human intervention.
"The City of Austin is committed to ending traffic fatalities, and video analytics will be a powerful tool to help us pinpoint potentially dangerous locations," said Jen Duthie, a consulting engineer for the City of Austin and a collaborator on the project. "We can direct our resources toward fixing problem locations before an injury or fatality occurs."
The researchers plan to explore how automation can facilitate other safety-related analyses, such as identifying locations where pedestrians cross busy streets outside of designated walkways, understanding how drivers react to different types of pedestrian-yield signage and quantifying how far pedestrians are willing to walk in order to use a walkway.
The project shows how artificial intelligence technologies can greatly reduce the effort involved in analyzing video data and provide actionable information for decision-makers.
"The highly anticipated introduction of self-driving and connected cars may lead to significant changes in the behavior of vehicles and pedestrians and on the performance of roadways," Ruiz Juri said. "Video data will play a key role in understanding such changes, and artificial intelligence may be central to enabling comprehensive large-scale studies that truly capture the impact of the new technologies."
###
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump plans to “decertify” the Iran nuclear deal next week, declaring the Obama-era pact not in US interests and launching a congressional review period on the accord, according to two senior US officials.
Trump is tentatively scheduled to unveil his plan during remarks a week from Thursday, though one official cautioned the timing could shift.
Trump said Thursday that Iran has not “lived up” to the spirit of the deal.
Speaking ahead of a dinner with military officers, Trump said it was imperative Iran not obtain nuclear weapons.
Trump said Tehran was a supporter of terror and violence, and indicated the deal would be a topic of discussion among the military leaders.
“You'll be hearing about Iran very shortly,” he said.
The decision, which was first reported by The Washington Free Beacon and The Washington Post, stops short of completely scrapping the Iran deal, which Trump railed against on the campaign trail.
By decertifying the deal, Trump would kick the matter to Congress, which would then have 60 days to determine a path forward.
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said Thursday the President had made a decision on the agreement and would announce it “soon.”
“The President's team has presented a united strategy that the national security team all stands behind and supports,” she said.
Trump will spell out a broader strategy for confronting Iran, including its ballistic missile program and support for terror networks in the Middle East, as he unveils his decision on the Iran deal, according to one senior US official. The official didn't specify what precise steps he may take.
Under the new Iran strategy the current deal will stay in place, with efforts being made within the framework of the existing agreement to try and strengthen inspections and plan for what happens when it expires, a senior US official told CNN on Thursday.
But a senior Democratic aide told CNN on Thursday that lawmakers on the other side of the aisle “believe the President should make the certification, full stop.”
“We are not participating in preemptive negotiations, with no text, based on the assumption that the President is not going to make the certification,” the aide said. “The maximum point of leverage to address Iran's nefarious activities is now, before his expected terrible decision — not after, when he undermines America's credibility to uphold its commitments with our allies and partners.”
How will European nations react?
European diplomats, anticipating Trump's move, have already been meeting with Democrats and Republicans in Congress to take lawmakers' temperature and lobby them on the merits of the agreement.
They're seeing little appetite to reopen the deal, but say that some in Congress worry that hawkish Republicans may introduce legislation to force the issue.
The message these diplomats have gotten from administration officials is that they were “looking for a middle way” and didn't want to “kill the deal,” one envoy said. Amending the US law provided a way out, but the envoy said there is little appetite in Congress for the hot potato Trump had handed them.
Once Trump decertifies the pact, Congress has 60 days to re-impose sanctions, but that is something only the majority and minority party leaders can initiate.
Democrats back the deal and even the few who voted against it, including Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York, have now said they will support it, the envoy said.
And most Republicans aren't interested in re-opening the Iran debate either, the envoy said. “The majority of the GOP aren't excited about this,” the envoy said, comparing GOP attitudes toward the pact to the unwanted card in the game Old Maid, which players try to get rid of as quickly as possible.
Conveying what Republicans are saying, the envoy said, “they want to avoid a crisis and they don't want to kill the agreement” and be saddled with the blame for that.
European diplomats are seeing no appetite in the GOP leadership for a fight to reopen the Iran deal, either. Referring to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, the envoy said they “aren't going to do anything dangerous.”
The wild card, the envoy said, is whether hawkish Republicans, such as Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas, or Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas, will introduce legislation on Iran to force the issue, “and whether McConnell will be in a position to derail” them.
Last month, foreign ministers representing countries that are party to the deal — Britain, France, Germany, Russia, China and Iran — argued that the agreement was designed to address issues solely related to Iran's nuclear program, according to several diplomats who attended the meeting that took place on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly.
By all accounts — even that of the United States — Iran had lived up to its commitments under the agreement, and European leaders signaled they were not interested in expanding the scope of its implementation, they said.
“Not certifying would pass the decision on the JCPOA over to Congress, with the risk that they decide to re-impose nuclear sanctions leading to US abrogation of the JCPOA,” one European diplomat told CNN on Thursday.
“If not certifying is part of a larger plan with Congress to stay within the deal, this would not be a direct breach. However, all the evidence to date is that Iran is in compliance with the terms of the JCPOA,” the diplomat added.
“The JCPOA is a hard-fought international agreement that is vital to our security and that of our allies; our priority is working with the deal and making it deliver for our shared security interests,” the diplomat said.
What will Congress do?
On Tuesday, CNN reported that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chair Bob Corker were spearheading efforts to amend US legislation regarding Iran to shift focus away from the nuclear issue — a move that could allow the US to stay in the multilateral nuclear deal forged in 2015 and also push back against Iran's other destabilizing behavior, officials and diplomats said.
“Tillerson has said the problem with the JCPOA is not the JCPOA,” one senior administration official said, using the acronym for the 2015 nuclear deal, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action.
“It's the legislation,” the official said. “Every 90 days the President must certify and its creates a political crisis. If the administration could put the nuclear deal in a corner, everyone could happily get back to work on dealing with everything else that is a problem with Iran.”
Instead of certifying that Iran is meeting its technical commitments under the nuclear deal, the administration would report to Congress regularly about broader aggressive Iranian behavior — such as support for terrorism and its ballistic missile program — and what the administration is doing to counter it.
This approach could allow the US to stay in the deal but help Trump avoid the political headache of having to re-certify it every 90 days.
It might also keep the Europeans, who want to keep the deal, on board with administration efforts to fight Iran's other destabilizing activities.
HR McMaster, Trump's national security adviser, invited a small group of Democratic senators to the White House Wednesday to discuss the President's plans on the Iran deal, and hinted that he did not think decertifying is the right way to go, according to two sources familiar with the meeting.
The sources said the meeting was clearly intended for McMaster to get ideas from key Senate Democrats on how to avoid decertifying the Iran deal, which many in both parties think would destabilize relations with allies and make it harder to confront foes well beyond Iran.
These sources said McMaster never explicitly said he disagrees with the President, nor that he wants the President to certify that the Iran deal is in America's national interest. But the sources say McMaster repeatedly responded to Democratic Senators entreaties not to decertify Iran and instead look for bipartisan alternatives by saying that he is not the one they have to convince, suggesting they were preaching to the choir.
McMaster's apparent unease with decertifying the Iran deal puts him on the same side of other top members of the Trump national security team.
During a hearing before the Senate Armed Services Committee on Tuesday, Defense Secretary James Mattis said that he believes it is in the US national security interest to remain in the agreement.
Sen. Angus King asked Mattis: “Do you believe it is in our national security interest at the present time to remain in the (agreement)? That is a yes or no question.”
Mattis replied, “Yes, senator, I do.”
“The point I would make is if we can confirm that Iran is living by the agreement, if we can determine that this is in our best interests then clearly we should stay with it,” Mattis added. “I believe at this point in time absent indications to the contrary, it is something the President should consider staying with.”
But Mattis went on to explain that he also supports a rigorous review of national security issues related to Iran that may fall outside the exact terms of the agreement.
“The President has to consider more broadly things that rightly fall under his portfolio of looking out for the American people in areas that go beyond the specific letters of the JCPOA — in that regard I support the rigorous review that he has got going on right now,” he said.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Chickasaw County 4-H is implementing a new livestock committee structure and currently seeks four volunteer livestock superintendents.Superintendents are needed in the areas of sheep, poultry, pet, and dog.If you have an interest in working with youth and the species listed above, please consider completing an application. 4-H experience is not necessary.A superintendent supports and advises 4-H professionals, volunteers and members to help youth grow and reach their full potential. Superintendents attend the Chickasaw County 4-H Livestock Committee meetings 4-6 times a year and communicate with Extension staff for livestock rules and revisions. The superintendent also works with the County Youth Coordinator to determine educational plans within the species area. The superintendent must be available during the Chickasaw County 4-H and FFA Achievement Fair July 10-17, 2017.Interested applicants are encouraged to apply and should obtain an application from the Chickasaw County Extension Office, or email jtweeten@iastate.edu. Application deadline is January 11th,2017.For more information please contact Jaclyn Tweeten, jtweeten@iastate.edu or 641-394-2174.
SAN DIEGO – A proposal to reduce regulations on San Diego homeowners who want to build so-called “companion units” on their properties received unanimous support Wednesday from the City Council's Smart Growth and Land Use Committee.
The prospective municipal code amendments are in response to state laws aimed at easing California's housing crunch. According to a city staff report, the proposal would conform with city regulations and the new state law, and go further with some extra incentives for homeowners.
“Clearly we have a housing crisis, and what we do build we don't build enough of,” said Matthew Adams, of the Building Industry Association. “What we do build doesn't meet the needs of those who need it most and that is our middle-class families, because of a variety of issues involving regulations, fees, rising construction and labor costs and the time it takes to get projects approved.”
The units, also termed “accessory dwelling units” and more commonly known as granny flats, could be conversions or additions to existing residences or garages, or an entirely new structure built on a property. Supporters tout their low cost, small environmental footprint, flexibility in an era in which family members come and go, and ability to generate rental income for homeowners who could be cash-strapped or on fixed incomes.
Under the proposed rules, companion units could be up to 1,200 square feet, but no more than half the size of the existing structure if attached to it and would not be subject to additional water or sewer fees.
Additional parking would not be required if certain conditions were met, including proximity to public transportation. The city also proposes to add a junior unit category, which sets rules for structures up to 500 square feet in size.
Committee Chairman Scott Sherman said the proposal moves things in the right direction. A more detailed plan will go to the full City Council for consideration in the future.
The city's Planning Commission gave its blessing to the regulations last month. The panel recommended a minimum 30-day rental period, that the main house be occupied by the owner and, to the extent legally possible, minimizing front yard parking, excessive hardscaping and extended curb cuts.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — Facing voters at last after the year's most bitter U.S. campaign, Alabama Republican Roy Moore cast himself Monday as the victim of a national barrage of unjust allegations of sexual misconduct with teenagers.
Rival Doug Jones, hoping to become the state's first Democratic senator in two decades, declared their race was Alabama's referendum on "who we are and what we're going to tell our daughters."
Allegations aside, President Donald Trump said in a robocall to Alabama voters that he badly needs Moore's own vote in the U.S. Senate. Former President Barack Obama and his vice president, Joe Biden, recorded calls for Jones seeking to break the GOP's lock on statewide office in Alabama.
Whether the calls would sway anyone so late in such a highly publicized campaign was an open question. So was the impact of a rash of false news stories that have appeared on social media spreading misinformation.
One website wrongly claimed that one of the women who have accused Moore of sexual misconduct had recanted. Meanwhile, Moore's detractors took to social media to claim he had written in a 2011 textbook that women shouldn't hold elected office. He didn't.
On election eve, Moore called in to a conservative talk radio show in Alabama to lament the tone of the campaign and portray cast himself as the victim of the sexual misconduct allegations.
"We've seen things happen in this campaign that I can't believe to this day," said Moore, who has denied all wrongdoing in contacts with the women who said he behaved inappropriately when they were in their teens and he was a local prosecutor in his 30s. One said he initiated sexual contact when she was 14.
"It's just been hard, a hard campaign," said Moore, a former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice who was twice removed from that post for violating judicial ethics.
Former White House strategist Steve Bannon, whos spoke at a Moore rally Monday night, argued that the election is "greater than Judge Moore and even greater than the people of Alabama," casting it as a referendum on Trump's agenda.
Alabama has been a solidly Republican state for years, and Moore said he is much more in tune with the issues that matter to voters — and to the president.
Jones acknowledged Monday in Montgomery, "Look, I'm not going to be the senator that everybody in the state can agree with 100 percent of the time." But he added: "They'll know I'm somebody that will sit down with them. I will learn from them. ... I will try to be the public servant I think a U.S. senator ought to be."
Former professional basketball star Charles Barkley, speaking at a Jones rally Monday night, urged voters not to embarrass his home state by electing Moore. "I love Alabama, but at some point we've got to draw a line in the sand and say, 'We're not a bunch of damn idiots,'" Barkley said.
Voters seemed as divided as ever, including young Alabamians, some going to the polls for the first time.
Lillian Woolf, 18, a University of Alabama freshman, said she was disgusted that some people would vote for Moore despite the allegations by multiple women.
"It creeps me out," she said. "It shocks me just how much people are willing to ignore a person's past just because of their political stance."
But Joseph Chesnut, 20, a junior, said he will be voting for Moore, who "holds more Republican values ... just his Christianity standpoint and his Second Amendment standpoint and just, you know, trying to fight the establishment up there."
For Alabama Democrats, the special election is viewed as a chance to renounce a history littered with politicians whose race-baiting, bombast and other baggage have long soiled the state's reputation.
Many Republicans see the vote as an opportunity to ratify their conservative views — referred to by Moore as "Alabama values" — and protect Trump's agenda ahead of the 2018 midterm elections. But the sexual allegations have dented some of that support. Sen. Richard Shelby said "I think the Republican Party can do better," and he wrote in another Republican's name.
The two candidates have taken very different approaches to campaigning, with Jones holding events regularly and Moore popping up only occasionally in small churches, rallies or in interviews with friendly media.
In a morning stop at a diner in Birmingham, Jones accused Moore of disappearing during the campaign's closing days and claimed the Republican wasn't even in Alabama over the weekend.
"We're making sure our message is getting across while Roy Moore hides behind whoever he's hiding behind," said Jones.
Moore has made only a few public appearances since women came forward to accuse him of sexual misconduct years ago.
Moore, the former judge, has spent two decades advocating conservative Christian positions. Jones is a former federal prosecutor best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen responsible for killing four black girls in a 1963 church bombing.
The winner will take the seat held previously by Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions. Republicans control the Senate with 52 seats.
Democrats don't hold a single statewide office in Alabama, and both houses of the Legislature are controlled by the GOP.
1:59 Missing S.C. Woman: Lost & Found Timeline Pause
4:08 One year after deadly SC flooding, see how the dams failed across the Midlands
1:48 Man accused of chaining woman has Facebook posts about missing people, moving large amounts of gravel
9:14 Sheriff and coroner share update on Todd Kohlhepp case
0:57 Woodruff woman said she almost dated suspect who allegedly chained woman to storage container
1:30 Missing S.C. Woman: Lost & Found Timeline
2:29 Meet George: The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH
5:56 Surviving an active shooter situation using 'Run. Hide Fight.'
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
Bob Fisher
CHARLES CITY, Iowa (AP) – State prosecutors have taken the rare step of asking the Iowa Supreme Court to reverse the conviction of a Floyd County man sentenced last year to up to 10 years for sexually abusing a teenage boy.
The Iowa Attorney General's Office says in a new filing that Doug Lindaman, of Charles City, was allowed to represent himself at his trial without knowingly waiving his right to have an attorney.
Lindaman was convicted of sexual abuse after being accused of performing a sex act in 2011 on a 17-year-old boy without the boy's consent. Lindaman, a former attorney, was running for a school board spot at the time of his 2015 arrest.
An appeal by Lindaman says he didn't have criminal law experience. If granted, the case would be sent back to Floyd County District Court to be retried or dismissed.
DETROIT (WWJ) – Love it or hate it, you should prepare to see more snow in Southeast Michigan this weekend.
WWJ AccuWeather forecasters are calling for up to six inches of snow accumulation in metro Detroit by Sunday afternoon, with deeper snow expected on the west side of the state.
Meteorologist Dave Bowers says people in the Detroit area will start to see some flakes in the air late in the day Saturday — with the snowfall increasing and continuing overnight into Super Bowl Sunday.
“We'll see most of the accumulation after midnight, into Sunday morning,” Bowers said. “We're looking at a total of three to six inches, and that will certainly make for some slick travel, and get the plows and the salt trucks out.”
The worst time for travel, he said, will be during the morning hours on Sunday. “Temperatures are going to be within a couple of degrees of freezing, so the roads will range from wet to slushy and slick until treated.”
In the wake of the storm, Bowers said metro Detroit will be left with some frigid air into Monday and Tuesday — when temperatures are only expected to get into the 20s — with more snow or just some flurries possible Tuesday.
Know before you go: Keep it tuned to WWJ Newsradio 950 for the latest forecast during traffic and weather, every 10 minutes on the 8s. See the live, local radar now at this link.
THE Queen's Baton has touched down in Sydney, with Olympic swimmers Ian Thorpe and Leisel Jones among its bearers on the journey to the 2018 Commonwealth Games.
Australian female rugby union player Shannon Parry kicked off the Sydney leg of the relay at Government House this afternoon, with a walk to the Sydney Opera House.
Camera Icon Ian Thorpe carries the torch in Pyrmont. Picture: AAP, AAP Image/Ben Rushton
Leisel Jones and Glenn McGrath were among the day's 30 bearers who passed the baton around the CBD to King's Wharf.
Swimmer Ian Thorpe carried the loop-shaped wooden stick up to its final destination at Pirrama Park, Pyrmont, where the baton ended the day with free public entertainment headlined by Australian Eurovision singer Dami Im.
Camera Icon Glenn McGrath carries the torch near the Sydney Harbour Bridge. Picture: AAP, AAP Image/Ben Rushton
The relay continues on Sunday morning in Penrith before travelling to Jamieson Park in Sydney's north, Sydney Olympic Park and ending in La Perouse.
After leaving Buckingham Palace in May last year, the baton has spent 288 days travelling through the other 69 Commonwealth countries and territories.
It arrived in Australia from New Zealand on Christmas Eve and has been on show at iconic landmarks before the relay resumed in Canberra on January 25.
Prince Charles will remove the Queen's message from the baton and read it at the opening ceremony on April 4, to mark the beginning of the 2018 Commonwealth Games.
A THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. -- Los Angeles Rams defensive lineman Aaron Donald reported to the team's mandatory minicamp Tuesday after missing all of the voluntary Organized Team Activity sessions this offseason.
The Rams have been open in saying that Donald's previous absence was contract related, and general manager Les Snead indicated the team and Donald are in the serious stages of a new deal for the All-Pro defender.
Donald is entering year four of his original five-year rookie deal, with his fifth-year option already being picked up. The Rams have indicated a desire to do right by their star player. But until that happens, it seems Donald wasn't interested in participating in the voluntary phase of offseason work.
But with minicamp falling into the mandatory category, which means the possibility of fines, Donald was with the team to open camp albeit working with a trainer off to the side rather than participating in team drills.
Nevertheless, the Rams were ecstatic to see Donald.
"It's great to have Aaron here," Rams head coach Sean McVay said.
McVay, though, didn't reveal where the Rams and Donald stood on a new deal.
"There's no more news in terms of the contract negotiations, but it's great to have him here, participating in the walk-through," McVay said. "With him not being here, I wanted to make sure he's in great shape, like we know he is, but be smart in the way he takes those reps. He's done a nice job so far today, and he's really kept up with what's going on mentally."
--Defensive end Robert Quinn did not practice on Tuesday after undergoing a procedure on his right hand. Quinn watched the workout from the sideline wearing a sling.
McVay indicated the surgery was of the minor variety.
Quinn is making the move from defensive end to linebacker in Wade Phillip's new 3-4 scheme, and he faces an important season personally as he hasn't been able to stay healthy the last two seasons. Quinn has missed 15 games over the previous two seasons, resulting in a major drop in production going from 40 sacks from 2012 to 2014 but managing only nine the past two seasons.
--Quarterback Jared Goff is well known around the Rams building for wanting to be coached up. In McVay, he appears to have found a willing accomplice.
Goff has looked good throughout the offseason program, and McVay has praised him throughout. But as was illustrated when Goff checked off to a running back on a end-of-the-half drill that left the Rams one-yard shy of the goal line as time expired, McVay will let Goff know when he's made a mistake.
All good by Goff.
"I think he does a great job," Goff said. "I think he's tough at times. There are other times when he knows how to handle the situation (differently), but I've been very happy with the way he has coached me. I want him to be hard on me. I think I need it, and I think that's how I get better and continue to stay sharp."
Governor Larry Hogan announced the appointment of Robbyn Lewis to the Maryland General Assembly. The governor appointed Lewis to the House of Delegates following the recommendation of the Baltimore City Democratic Central Committee. Lewis will replace Delegate Pete Hammen, who has accepted an appointment by Mayor Catherine Pugh as the chief of operations for Baltimore City. “I am confident that Ms. Lewis is prepared to use her experiences and expertise to be a strong advocate for her constituents in the House of Delegates,” said Governor Hogan. “I offer her my sincere congratulations and look forward to working with her this session to change Maryland for the better.” Lewis will represent District 46, serving Baltimore City. She is currently a special assistant to the Maryland Health Exchange and is the principal and founder of Sustainable City Solutions, Ltd., an advocacy group that provides technical expertise on public health, land use, and environmental sustainability issues. She has previously served as a consultant for the Maryland Environmental Health Network and the Baltimore Tree Trust, as well as the chair of the Greening Committee for the Patterson Park Neighborhood Association.
A report, proposed by Jeremy Wright QC states that Blair should have immunity over his role in the Iraq war.
In 2015, campaigners called for Tony Blair to face court over war crimes due to his involvement in Iraq. UK Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said that Tony Blair should face a war crimes trial.
In 2016, the Chilcot Inquiry into Britain's role in the 2003 Iraq War concluded in London after seven years of delays. The inquiry which was led by Sir John Chilcot, asked the simple question of whether it was necessary to invade Iraq in 2003?
© REUTERS/ Jeff J Mitchell Sir John Chilcot presents The Iraq Inquiry Report at the Queen Elizabeth II Centre in Westminster, London, Britain July 6, 2016.
The report found that Britain had decided to invade Iraq before any peaceful options for disarmament had been exhausted. Military action at that time was not a last resort and plans for post-invasion were 'wholly inadequate.'
As a result Blair came under increasing pressure over his decision to join US President George W. Bush in the invasion of Iraq in 2003, which led to the toppling of Saddam Hussein, who had been president since 1979.
© AFP 2017/ Karim Sahib A statue of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein in front of building of the Iraqi Olympic Committee 09 April 2003. The US tanks and troops poured into the heart of Baghdad as the Iraqi leader's regime collapsed after a blistering three-week onslaught.
Blair was heavily criticized for releasing a 'dodgy dossier,' justifying the invasion and also stating that Hussein had weapons of mass destruction, which he could deploy to UK targets within 45 minutes.
However it appears that campaigners, who wish to see Blair in the hot seat for war crimes, may have to wait a little longer. Attorney General Jeremy Wright QC is putting in plans to stop any type of prosecution.
© REUTERS/ Peter Nicholls A demonstrator wearing a mask to impersonate Tony Blair holds throws fake money during a protest before the release of the John Chilcot report into the Iraq war, at the Queen Elizabeth II center in London, Britain July 6, 2016.
In November 2016 a judge also ruled that Blair should not face prosecution, on the grounds that it could involve details being disclosed under the Official Secrets Act.
Legal documents, which have been seen by UK newspaper the Guardian, show Wright, who is the Conservative MP for Kenilworth and Southam, had formally tried to stop attempts to prosecute Blair.
This has not stopped people from trying to privately prosecute the former PM. The latest example of this is from a former chief of staff of the Iraqi army, who is now living in exile.
© AP Photo/ Matt Dunham A protester wearing a former British Prime Minister Tony Blair mask, right, and another dressed as a judge pose for the media on a stage outside the Queen Elizabeth II Conference Centre in London, shortly before the publication of the Chilcot report into the Iraq war, Wednesday, July 6, 2016.
However the Attorney General claims that the attempt to prosecute Blair is 'hopeless,' as crimes of aggression do not exist in English law, as opposed to international law.
In spite of previous hearings preventing the trial of Blair, the lawyers behind the private prosecution are seeking a new hearing to challenge that refusal and gain access to legal aid funding.
2 How can Blair absolve himself of the deaths of thousands of Iraqis as a result of US-UK-led invasion & of chaos unleashed in the region? — Imran Khan (@ImranKhanPTI) July 7, 2016​
The attempts to bring the former PM have been ongoing for some time; Imran Khan who is the chairman of the Pakistan political party, Tehreek-e-Insaf, also tried to prosecute Blair and failed. He said that he and others are confused as to why, despite the Chilcot report making it clear the war was illegal, and attempts to prevent those responsible from entering a court to be prosecuted have failed.
Scroll for more content...
A second town mayor in the Philippines has been shot and killed by an unknown assailant, a day after one was assassinated by a sniper in a brazen daylight attack.
Mayor Ferdinand Bote of the town of General Tinio in Nueva Ecija province was gunned down by a motorcycle-riding suspect in nearby Cabanatuan City on Tuesday afternoon, police told CNN Philippines.
Bote appears to have been the victim of a drive-by shooting, in which he was struck multiple times, while riding in his beige Toyota Fortuner, according to the police report.
Bote was declared dead on arrival at MV Gallego hospital and an investigation has been launched.
"We assure everyone that we would discharge the state obligation for every murder. We will spare no effort in getting to the bottom of this latest violent crime," presidential spokesperson Harry Roque said.
The killing comes just over 24 hours after Tanauan City Mayor Antonio Halili was killed by a single shot to the chest while attending a flag-raising ceremony.
Halili was a controversial ally of President Rodrigo Duterte who gained notoriety for his policy of parading people arrested for drug offenses.
It was revealed Monday that Halili had been stripped of his authority over local police in October 2017 on an order from the Department of Interior, according to Police Chief Superintendent Renato Mercado.
He also appeared to have been placed on a "narco list" -- a list of people allegedly associated with the drug trade -- by the National Police Commission, Philippines News Agency reported. But, according to CNN Philippines, the administration had been provided with incorrect information, his family said.
It is unclear if the two deaths are linked.
The memo was just about all Republican members were asked about.
Scroll for more content...
A day into their retreat in West Virginia, members had thought they'd be taking a victory lap on tax reform and responding to President Donald Trump's refreshingly-reserved, presidentially-toned State of the Union. But, members had already endured a deadly train crash and now as they stepped one-by-one into a conference room of reporters, word was out that the controversial Nunes memo -- the one intelligence and FBI officials had expressed "grave concerns" about could come any moment. What did they think of the memo? Did they support its release? What about the Democrats' rebuttal?
The memo was released publicly just shortly after House Republicans departed Friday (the senators departed Thursday), but most House Republicans appeared at ease with releasing it and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell didn't bite when asked about if he had concerns that his own Senate Intelligence chairman hadn't read it.
But ultimately, retreats are supposed to be a time for members to talk through public policy, the political landscape and figure out a game plan in the year ahead all while sporting business casual attire. But, despite Trump's declaration Thursday that the party appeared more unified than ever, members left Friday still encircled by Trump's own controversies and with plenty of disagreements about how the GOP will advance its business this year.
"We're going through all this drama on the budget agreement, on the debt ceiling, but we don't have 218 Republican votes for any of this. We don't know that. Same with DACA," said Rep. Charlie Dent, a moderate from Pennsylvania. "DACA, debt ceiling, budget agreement, omnibus , we don't have 218 votes so are we united on those issues? No. We never are."
Immigration
It's the issue that's confounded the party time and time again from the halls of Congress to primary elections. But, if Republicans had once imagined that Trump would be uniquely situated to address the expiring Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, the retreat just amplified their reality that Trump may not be able to bring the party together on it.
"We won't have a single unified position on that," Oklahoma Republican Sen. James Lankford, said, acknowledging the splits within the party about immigration strategy.
He stressed the GOP would need to find areas of consensus, but admitted "I don't expect it to come out of this three-day time period."
Trump made it clear during the retreat that he expects his conference to pass an immigration bill by March 5, the deadline he set for the expiration of DACA, But lawmakers admit they aren't making much progress. And in the span of just a few hours, Republican lawmakers careened from one position to the next on what they thought should happen. The Senate's No. 3 John Thune told reporters Thursday morning he thought it would be best to narrow DACA to debate to no more than two areas: a path to some kind of legal status for DACA and border security, a suggestion that ran contrary to Trump's framework of "four pillars."
RELATED - Immigration negotiations: Lots of talk, little progress
The White House has rolled out a framework that would provide citizenship for 1.8 million recipients for DACA, in exchange for $25 billion in border security, the eradication of the diversity lottery and drastic changes to so-called chain migration. But, the President hasn't been clear if it's an offer or his last and final negotiating position.
Conservatives in the House, meanwhile, blasted Thune's position.
"Senator Thune represents a state that's a long ways from the southern border, and so making a suggestion that a two-pillar answer is going to get support in the House is a non-starter," House Freedom Caucus Chairman and North Carolinian Mark Meadows told reporters when asked about the South Dakotan's comments.
House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte touted his own bill in scrums, a bill that many have acknowledged would be dead on arrival in the Senate.
"I think the Senate would be well advised to focus on the Senate's work and the House would be well advised to focus on the House's work," Goodlatte said.
Dent argued he thought leadership's first responsibility was to members running in tough midterm races and that any immigration bill should be aimed to help moderates hold onto competitive seats in diverse, suburban districts. Dent himself will retire at the end of the year.
The President then muddled the message. In his speech, the prepared remarks suggested Trump would explicitly call for the Senate to bring his framework to the floor and instead he stopped short of that.
"I know that the Senate is planning to bring an immigration bill to the floor in coming weeks and I'm asking that the framework we submitted -- with great flexibility," Trump said. "Great flexibility working with both parties -- that something very positive will come out of it for our country."
In a matter of days, McConnell is expected to unleash an immigration debate on the floor of the US Senate and no one at the retreat could articulate exactly what the outcome will be.
"We'll see who can get to 60 votes," McConnell told reporters about the immigration process.
Budget
The budget was another open question at the GOP retreat. Newly-minted House Budget Chairman Steve Womack suggested it made sense to skip a budget this year and focus instead on overhauling the budget process.
"Only talk," he said when pressed on if he'd told members he wouldn't pursue a budget this year.
The budget, of course, sets topline spending numbers for funding, but has evolved into a mostly partisan and symbolic process in recent years. Many of the budgets haven't been used to set spending, but instead to try and pass policy objectives like health care and tax reform along simple, majority votes in the US Senate.
Republicans in the House have argued that the Senate should change its rules so that appropriations bills -- those that direct money to go to specific programs and agencies -- could be passed along a simple majority vote in the Senate.
"If we pushed any idea on our friends on the other side of the Capitol, it's that get us a simple majority vote on funding this government in the Senate," Womack said.
Government spending
Republicans left their conference with a plan to keep the government funded until March 22 and with a vote expected Tuesday. But, the House Freedom Caucus and defense hawks have expressed concerns with that strategy in the past and in the Senate, McConnell will need 60 votes.
Moderate Democrats don't appear interested in rehashing another shutdown, but there are still questions about whether a more than month-long continuing resolution will fly with Democrats.
Throughout the conference, Republicans tried to express optimism about the year ahead. Rep. Steve Stivers, chair of the National Republican Congressional Committee, addressed reporters about a landscape he said wasn't nearly as dire as some have suggested.
"I think we're going to hold the House and I think things will be OK for us," Stivers said.
The party also took every opportunity to promote their tax bill and test out messaging aimed at discrediting Democrats for voting against their bill.
But the reality is the party has endured an unusual clip of retirements and members announcing they will seek other offices. All told, more than 40 Republicans including many prominent chairmen have announced they are stepping down from Congress at the end of the year.
Mac Thornberry, chairman of House Armed Services, told reporters he didn't blame members for fleeing.
"Joy would not be one of the top ten words I would use to describe it," he said of the job.
Almost Done!
Please confirm your details below.
Already have an account? Sign In.
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate {* birthdate *} Gender {* gender *}
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *}
{* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *}
By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account.
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.
{* backButton *}
{* /registrationForm *}
Win UFC 218 Tickets Before You Can Buy ThemUFC will make its debut at Little Caesars Arena on Saturday, December 2 with a championship night of fights at UFC 218. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on October 9-13 for your chance to win tickets. Don't miss this chance to see the world's best athletes compete inside the hallowed Octagon. It will be a night of fights that you won't soon forget.
Jamie and Stoney Erebus Ticket GiveawayListen to Jamie and Stoney on October 9-13 from 6:00am - 10:00am for your chance to win tickets to Erebus Haunted Attraction in Pontiac.
Win Tickets To Erebus Haunted Attraction In Downtown Pontiac!Listen Thursday, October 12th for your chance to win tickets to the Erebus Haunted Attraction in Downtown Pontiac! Erebus, is the four story tower of terror located in Pontiac, Michigan, serving terrifying thrills, unforgettable moments of laughter, and blood curdling screams.
Miller Lite Tailgate ChallengeDo you have the best tailgate in Metro Detroit? 97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to see if you are the ultimate tailgater!
Pontefract-born Annie Hill has celebrated her 109th birthday. Annie, who lives at Priory Gardens care home in Pontefract marked the milestone, on Tuesday, with a family tea party.
Karen Weaver, who works at the home, said: “She loves the Queen so she enjoyed getting a telegram.”
Annie was born at Sessions House Yard on October 3, 1908 and was one of ten children. She attended Love Lane School before working at Burgoynes bakery and later at Dunhills sweet factory.
Home staff believe she is now the fourth eldest person in Yorkshire.
Simon Pagenaud finished third in the Rainguard Water Sealers 600 at the Texas Motor Speedway on Saturday evening, although he was hoping for the race to finish under green flag conditions.
The Team Penske driver, and reigning Verizon IndyCar Series champion, felt he had the car to attack for the victory only for the caution flags to fly when Scott Dixon and Takuma Sato crashed out, leaving the Frenchman unable to better third.
Pagenaud admitted it was a crazy race of pack racing under the lights at the 1.5-mile Texas oval, although he and team-mate and eventual winner Will Power worked well early in the race to distance themselves from the chasing pack.
“It was very much pack racing, so we were trying to get away from the pack, which we did for quite a while,” said Pagenaud. “It was a way also to save some fuel and stay behind (Will Power).
“I was trying to protect him so that we could just go as fast as we could, and it worked out really well. At the end there, I was hoping we were going to go a little longer because I had a really good car.
“It was a lot of fun. It got a little crazy at the end. I tell you, it is just incredible how close we can race against each other. Good fun, good night, awesome working with Will. That is Team Penske, we all work together, you guys don't believe us, but we do and we showed it tonight.”
Lexie Comeau-Drisdelle can't walk or talk, but she saved her baby brother from drowning, earning her hero status in her hometown of Halifax, Nova Scotia.
This small but mighty hero was ready to celebrate her ninth birthday with family and friends, including her 1-year-old brother, Leeland.
With the rest of the family caught up in getting ready for the party and not paying attention to him, Leeland decided to take a walk to the backyard and jump into the pool.
But Lexie, who always keeps her eyes on her little brother, saw the potential tragedy unfold.
Lexie has cerebral palsy, a disorder of movement, muscle tone or posture that is caused by damage that happens during the development of the brain. That means she isn't able to speak and couldn't run after her brother, but she knew she had to alert others to help him.
So, she did the only thing she could, and let out the loudest scream her lungs could possibly give.
“I was upstairs changing for the party, her dad was picking up her older brother, and my mom was in the kitchen, when suddenly I just heard Lexie screaming. I panicked and immediately thought ‘Oh no, she must have fallen off her chair,' ” said Kelly Jackson, Lexie's mother.
Lexie's grandmother quickly ran toward the screaming child. She realized Leeland was not around, and Lexie kept screaming and pointing to the door that leads to the pool.
“When my mom told me what was going on, I quickly looked out the window and there, at the edge of the pool I saw his little head,” Jackson said. “I began to panic, and my mom quickly ran towards him and pulled him out.”
The family brought Leeland inside, and after following instructions from an emergency hotline they called, they were able to get him in stable condition before taking him to the hospital.
“At that moment, it was so scary. We thought it was not going to end well, we hugged him a million times. In two seconds a life can change and we are just thankful that Lexie was so quick to alert us,” Jackson said.
The incident happened May 5 and Lexie was recognized on Wednesday as a hero by the Halifax Regional Council for her response. She was also honored by the city's police department.
“Heroes come in all sizes. It was a real pleasure to recognize young Lexie for alerting her mom when her toddler brother made a dash for the pool,” Halifax Mayor Mike Savage tweeted.
Heroes come in all sizes. It was a real pleasure to recognize young Lexi for alerting her mom when her toddler brother made a dash for the pool. @TonyMancini_NS pic.twitter.com/EFaIbBo3Wv — Office of the Mayor (@MikeSavageHFX) July 4, 2018
Jackson said she wants to advocate for those with disabilities, pointing out that just because people can't speak, it doesn't mean they don't understand what is going on.
“Some people think that because they have a disability, they are not able to do things, but if she could walk, she would have grabbed him and he would have never gone out there. Her disability is all physical. She is a very bright girl.”
NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga urged supporters to stay away from work on Monday and accused the government of having planned to rig elections and murder his supporters.
Slideshow (3 Images)
"(The) Jubilee (party) have spilt the blood of innocent people. Tomorrow there is no work," Odinga told a crowd of around 4,000 cheering supporters in Kibera, Nairobi's biggest slum.
He was speaking after anger erupted in Kenya following President Uhuru Kenyatta's re-election last week.
April 28 Primecity Investment PLC:
* Revenue increased in 2016 to EUR 52.6 million ($57.30 million) from EUR 39.7 million in 2015
* FY operating profit amounted to EUR 88 million
* FY net profit amounted to EUR 62 million
* Net cash provided by operating activities increased to EUR 41 million in 2016, up from EUR 31 million in 2015
* Total assets amounted to over EUR 1 billion as of year-end 2016
* FY equity ratio of 60 pct, 63 pct assuming conversion of the convertible bonds which were fully converted/redeemed in March 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9179 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
SEATTLE — Seattle police on Wednesday described a “bizarre robbery” in which four people stole a guitar from a store, then crashed into each other in their getaway cars in rush-hour traffic and, finally, two of the armed suspects turned on each other.
Police said that just after 6 p.m. Wednesday, three men and a woman entered the Guitar Center store on Westlake Avenue, stole a $1,600 guitar and then fled in two separate cars.
“For reasons unknown, the suspects began chasing each other, causing a multi vehicle collision and grinding to a halt in Mercer (Street) traffic,” police said in a news release. “One of the male suspects grabbed a machete and confronted another male suspect, jumping on the hood of his car. The other male suspect responded in kind by brandishing a gun.”
Police arrested those two and also the female suspect. The third male suspect was able to escape on foot.
Officers recovered the stolen guitar.
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during an interview with Reuters in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks prior to signing an Executive Order on 'Offshore Energy Strategy' at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks in front of a portrait of former President Theodore Roosevelt prior to signing an Executive Order on 'Offshore Energy Strategy' at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks prior to signing an Executive Order on 'Offshore Energy Strategy' at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
U.S. President Donald Trump gives a thumbs up as he departs the White House in Washington, U.S. April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
U.S. President Donald Trump displays an Executive Order on 'Offshore Energy Strategy' at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump signed an executive order on Friday to extend offshore oil and gas drilling to areas that have been off limits - a move meant to boost domestic production but which could fall flat due to weak industry demand for the acreage.
The order could open up swathes of the Atlantic, Pacific and Arctic oceans, as well as the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, that former President Barack Obama had sought to protect from development after a huge BP (BP.L) oil spill in 2010.
"We're opening it up....Today we're unleashing American energy and clearing the way for thousands and thousands of high-paying American energy jobs," Trump said as he signed the order.
Trump had campaigned on a promise to do away with Obama-era environmental protections that he said were hobbling energy development without providing tangible benefits, pleasing industry and enraging environmental advocates.
But the executive order, called the America-First Offshore Energy Strategy, comes as low oil prices and soaring onshore production have pushed industry demand for offshore leases near their lowest level in years, raising questions over the impact.
A Reuters review of government data showed the amount of money that oil companies spent in the central Gulf of Mexico's annual lease sale dropped more than 75 percent between 2012 and 2017. Dollars bid per acre and the percentage of acreage receiving bids both declined more than 50 percent.
The figures were similar in the western Gulf of Mexico, the only other zone that got offers for leases during that period, according to the figures from the U.S. Bureau of Ocean Energy Management.
"The Trump administration's hasty move today toward expanding offshore oil drilling ... defies market realities and is as reckless as it is unnecessary," said David Jenkins, president of Conservatives for Responsible Stewardship, a non-profit conservation group.
"Why on earth would someone choose to push drilling in the riskiest and most expensive places on the planet when the current oil glut will make such ventures unprofitable for the foreseeable future?" he said.
The president of the American Petroleum Institute trade group welcomed the order in a statement, while an API official said the order could help the industry over the long term. The official did not respond to a request for comment directly about current offshore lease demand.
"In order to meet U.S. energy needs, it is important to keep options open for the long term, so industry can start planning for and determining where the best prospects are and then make those investments the global economy will require over time," the official said, asking not to be named.
The order directs the U.S. Department of Interior to review and replace the Obama administration's most recent five-year oil and gas development plan for the outer continental shelf, which includes federal waters off all U.S. coasts.
Weeks before leaving office, Obama had banned new oil and gas drilling in federal waters in the Atlantic and Arctic oceans, protecting 115 million acres (46.5 million hectares) of waters off Alaska and 3.8 million acres in the Atlantic from New England to the Chesapeake Bay.
LEGAL BATTLE LOOMS
In addition to requiring a new five-year drilling plan, the order reverses Obama's decision to place certain parts of the Arctic permanently off limits to drilling. It also requires Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross to review previous presidents' designations of marine national monuments and sanctuaries.
Jill McLeod, a partner at international law firm Dorsey & Whitney, said Trump's order was a positive signal to the oil industry but was unlikely to trigger a surge in exploration in the near term given the costs.
"The lifting of the ban does not necessarily make drilling in the Arctic a compelling proposition," she said.
Environmental groups, including Oceana and the Center for Biological Diversity, criticized the order and promised to fight it in court. Democratic senators also opposed the order, saying it could threaten the fishing and tourism industries.
Friday's order came on the heels of a separate decree by Trump this week triggering a review of federally managed land to determine if they were improperly designated as national monuments by former presidents. The move is intended to expand federal areas available for development.
(Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Leslie Adler)
'Am I concentrating on my family and my mom. Marami akong utang sa kanila,' says former presidential candidate Mar Roxas when asked if he has plans to run for senator in 2019
Published 10:45 AM, April 25, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Amid the opposition's call for him to run for senator, former presidential candidate Mar Roxas remains mum on his political plans for 2019.
Asked if he has plans to run for the Senate next year, Roxas told Rappler: “Am I concentrating on my family and my mom. Marami akong utang sa kanila (I owe them a lot)."
Senate Minority Leader Franklin Drilon and Senator Paolo Benigno Aquino IV earlier said the Liberal Party and other groups are urging Roxas to run next year.
Drilon said the Senate “certainly” needs someone like Roxas, who is “extremely qualified” for the post.
Roxas served in the Senate from 2004 to 2010, before launching his unsuccessful vice presidential bid in 2010. He then became Transportation secretary and Interior and Local Government secretary before launching his presidential campaign in 2016.
After losing in the 2016 polls, Roxas enjoyed his private life with family and friends. He was also seen roaming the country for his thank-you tour. Life after public service has also given Roxas more time to do camping and other outdoor activities.
Roxas ranked between 14th to 19th in the recent Pulse Asia Ulat ng Bayan survey. Only reelectionist Aquino made it to the so-called Top 12, out of all the possible LP candidates.
President Benigno Aquino III, meanwhile, also said that “as of this time,” he is not yet considering a senatorial candidacy next year. He said he would rather focus on helping the LP candidates, including cousin Bam, get elected. – Rappler.com
A Belleville, Ill., man who reportedly shot at GOP congressional members and staff at a Virginia Park Wednesday morning, wounding five, had a history of supporting Democrats and recently sought the impeachment of President Donald Trump.
The suspected shooter has been identified as James T. Hodgkinson III, 66, of Belleville. In a news conference regarding the shooting, President Donald Trump said Hodgkinson died after getting into a shootout with first responders.
Hodgkinson's voting record indicates he is a Democrat, and the top of his Facebook page includes a photo of Bernie Sanders along with the words, “Democratic Socialism explained in three words: ‘We the People.”
In March, he posted an anti-Trump message that says, “Trump is a Traitor. Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy. It's Time to Destroy Trump & Co.” It included a link to a petition seeking the impeachment of Trump and Vice President Mike Pence.
The Washington Post reported that Hodgkinson campaigned for Bernie Sanders during his run for the Democratic nomination for U.S. President.
At least five people were wounded during the shooting between the suspect and first responders, including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, who was shot in the hip during the firefight. Scalise was taken to a local hospital for treatment for his injuries.
Illinois' Republican congressional delegation is reportedly OK.
The Belleville News Democrat reported that Hodgkinson belonged to a number of anti-Republican groups, including one called “Terminate the Republican Party,” and that he had a record that included arrests on charges of failing to obtain electrical permits, damaging a motor vehicle, resisting a peace officer, eluding police, criminal damage to property and driving under the influence.
Members of Congress and their staff were practicing for an upcoming baseball game.
Hodgkinson's Facebook page says he is the former owner of JTH Construction and JTH Inspections.
A Yale-led team of researchers has identified specific gene combinations that can cause deadly brain cancer glioblastoma, using new technology that can also pinpoint triggers of other types cancers, they report Aug. 14 in the journal Nature Neuroscience.
Scientists have been adept at identifying mutations present in a variety of cancers in patients, but it is still challenging for researchers to identify the genes or combinations of genes that are directly causing the progression of the disease. For instance, more than 223 individual genes have been linked to glioblastoma, a difficult-to-treat brain cancer with a median survival rate of only 1 to 1.5 years. Since thousands of combinations of those genes could act in concert to cause the disease in an individual patient, it has been challenging to determine which mutations are the most relevant for the growth of a given cancer.
"The human cancer genome is now mapped and thousands of new mutations were associated with cancer, but it has been difficult to prove which ones or their combinations actually cause cancer," said Sidi Chen, assistant professor of genetics and at Yale's Systems Biology Institute, and a co-corresponding author of the paper. "We can also use this information to determine which existing drugs are most likely to have therapeutic value for individual patients, a step towards personalized cancer therapy.''
Chen, a member of the Yale Cancer Center, and colleagues developed an improved application of CRISPR gene editing and screening technology to search for primary drivers of glioblastoma in living mice. They assessed the impact of mutations in more than 1500 genetic combinations and found multiple combinations that could cause the cancer. They also found two mutations that could make tumors resistant to chemotherapy -- information that could help doctors tailor existing treatments for individual patients, said the researchers.
The new technology could also provide researchers with ways to find specific targets for new drugs, Chen said.
###
Randall J. Platt at ETH Zurich is a co-corresponding author. Yale's Ryan D Chow, Christopher D Guzman, Guangchuan Wang and ETH's Florian Schmidt are co-first authors of the paper
Primary funding for the research was provided by Yale System Biology Institute and the National Institutes of Health.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Melissa and Mike Crabaugh will never be able to hug their son, Nicholas, again, but they say Corey Helton is the next best thing.
Previous story: Family of 22-year-old man killed in I-435 crash thanks to Good Samaritan
Helton is someone the Crabaughs have never met until Sunday night, and never expected to.
"I turned 22 August 8, which was the day that he had passed," Helton said.
The two young men, both 22 years old, connected through tragedy.
"It was my birthday, and I've never seen anything like that in my life," Helton said. "I just had to stop and make sure the person's life was okay."
Helton came face-to-face with Nicholas Crabaugh during his last moments after a crash in the middle of Interstate 435 Thursday. Helton reached into Nicholas's car and offered a comforting hand.
Someone had apparently crashed into the back of Nicholas's car while he was on his way to see his girlfriend in Blue Springs, Missouri.
The Crabaughs, together with family and friends, embraced Helton Sunday night, hailing him as a Good Samaritan.
"When I met him, I didn't want to overwhelm him, I was a little nervous. It was a lot for him. It was a lot for a 22-year-old to have to see, to live through, so I tried to think about that," said Melissa. "But then I hugged him, and all I could do was cry, and I thanked him."
Helton said he was two cars behind Nicholas when the crash happened. He said he ran up to find Nicholas, who he found struggling to breathe inside the vehicle.
"I was rubbing the back of his head, and I was tapping the back of his head letting him know somebody's here for you and that you're not alone," Helton described.
Melissa learned Helton shared several interests with her late son, and called the meeting "destiny."
"To know somebody else who was there that could do that for him, there are no words, absolutely no words. It puts peace in our hearts and peace in our mind as well. He will always be a hero to us," said Melissa.
Helton says he has a guardian angel for life, and two families who love him.
"The day that it happened, I felt like I got a really good connection just being there rubbing on his head and letting him know I was there. It felt like I was his brother already," Helton told us.
"I feel the comfort of Nicholas. I really feel the comfort. And that's enough for me at this point," Melissa said.
Nicholas loved cars and was a part of a Dodge Charger car club. Several members came to the vigil Sunday and lit up their Chargers in Nicholas's honor.
It's unknown if the driver who rammed Nicholas's car could face any charges related to the crash or to Nicholas' death.
-----
User Name Remember Me? Password
NBA All-Star 2017: Phoenix Suns' Derrick Jones Jr., preparing for dunk contest in pregame warmups
this is a discussion within the Pelicans Community Forum; Jones has played in only six games with the Phoenix Suns this season and has never dunked in an NBA Game. Read the full article at NOLA.com......
Capital Gazette staffers are back at work in a temporary newsroom in Annapolis, Maryland, a few miles from the site of last week's shooting spree.
And on Wednesday some of the journalists will march in the city's Independence Day parade.
“We are committed to rebuilding,” Trif Alatzas, the publisher of the Baltimore Sun Media Group, the parent division of the Capital Gazette, said in an interview with CNNMoney.
He said the company is looking for permanent new office space for the surviving employees.
“We are committed to that community,” Alatzas said. “‘If we don't cover it, who else will?' That's what I've heard from a lot of people.”
Related: These are the victims of the Capital Gazette newsroom shooting
Four journalists and an ad sales associate were killed in last week's attack. It was the deadliest day for journalists in America since 9/11.
Now some of the remaining staffers are juggling story assignments with memorial services. People are coping in different ways.
“Many of them are working through, and some of them need time. We're encouraging them to take whatever time they need,” Alatzas said.
He was at the temporary office space on Tuesday, and said “it was inspiring to see everybody together.”
Related: Shooting won't deter Capital Gazette journalists
Some of the survivors who hadn't resumed work stopped by on Tuesday morning when a member of the Washington Capitals hockey organization brought the Stanley Cup to the office. Staffers posed for photos.
“It was clearly a big morale boost for everyone, particularly the hockey fans in the newsroom,” the paper's editor, Rick Hutzell, said in a Capital story.
The seven-day-a-week paper has kept publishing in the wake of the attack. The Baltimore Sun's resources have been a big help. So have reinforcements from other papers owned by Tronc, the Capital's parent company.
“We had journalists fly in from the Chicago Tribune yesterday. We had somebody here from the Allentown Morning Call. Somebody from the Virginian-Pilot,” Alatzas said.
Other newsrooms have sent food, gift baskets and other items.
“We've gotten offers from the entire journalism community, saying ‘Hey, whatever you need, we'll send support,'” Alatzas said.
Related: Fundraisers set up for Capital Gazette shooting victims
The American Society of News Editors and other journalism groups are planning a moment of silence on Thursday at 2:33 p.m., exactly one week after the attack. The Capital Gazette and all other Tronc-owned newsrooms will participate.
The paper's employees were also invited to walk in the city's parade on Wednesday.
Normally, the staff explained in a letter, they cover the parade: It's at the heart of what a community newspaper does. And the staff feel out of place taking part, rather than taking notes from the sidelines.
But this year, they recognize that “we are reluctant symbols at the moment, maybe forever.”
The staff said they are participating “because we want our readers and our community to see that we believe things will, eventually, be OK again. Eventually.”
WE'VE all heard of the mining boom, but there's a new exploding industry in Australia, and this time what's pulled from the ground ends up on our dinner plates.
We're experiencing a ‘dining boom': as a nation, we now spend $45 billion each year on eating out and the average Aussie does so two to three times a week.
Heading out to eat has become a hobby in Australia, and while all generations take part, adults under 34 are particularly enamoured, spending more than $100 a week dining at restaurants or ordering in.
“According to research we completed at NewsCorp [publishers of this website], Millennials would rather attend a food festival than a music festival,” says Kerrie McCallum, editor-in-chief of the delicious brand.
Dining out has become an egalitarian experience. “All Australians should be able to celebrate our thriving dining scene and incredible produce,” McCallum says. “Fine dining is not the only way to enjoy wonderful food, and even though that will always be important, Australians have a varied array of needs when they eat out. It may be they want to eat well with their children, or find a place they can take the entire family for a grandmother's 80th.”
McCallum suggests the recent dining boom is due to several factors.
“Firstly, our produce is second to none — the vast range of what is available in Australia is incredible, from the earth to the dairy to the paddock to the sea. Chefs have this amazing bounty to work with, and that's producing high-quality meals, from casual experiences to fine dining.”
Camera Icon Cured and Cultured bar at Bennelong Restaurant, Sydney Opera House. Picture: Supplied
Australia's produce is in high demand internationally, as well. The rising middle classes in Asia have boosted fortunes of regional Australia. While iron ore and coal export prices took a hit in 2017, the healthy gains in dairy, cereal and fish have seen the 2013 prediction of billionaire packing and recycling entrepreneur Anthony Pratt — that a dining boom would follow the mining boom — become a reality.
McCallum believes that, because Australia is unbound by a traditional cuisine, we're not constricted in the kitchen. “It means chefs here have the freedom to be creative and write their own rules,” she says.
Matt Moran, the chef and owner of Aria, Chiswick, North Bondi Fish and other restaurants with the Solotel Group, says people are becoming more engaged with food, and he attributes the burgeoning eat-out scene to convenience, great weather that entices people outside, and the quality produce available.
“Good food is so accessible nowadays. We have such culturally diverse dining on offer, so it never gets dull, and it's available at a wide range of pricepoints,” he says.
It's not only people's cuisine preferences that are met when they eat out, but also their desire for shared experiences.
Camera Icon Celebrity Chef Matt Moran at Chiswick in Woollahra. Picture: News Corp Australia, Fiora Sacco
“People want social sophistication,” says John Fink, creative director of The Fink Group, which owns Quay, Otto, Bennelong and Firedoor.
“People might want fine dining, or something casual, or even a restaurant with the theatre of Sydney's Firedoor, but at the end of the day, I think everyone wants to go out and enjoy themselves. And now you can do that wherever you are in Australia.”
For Justin Hemmes, chief executive of Merivale, a company that owns more than 65 restaurants, bars and pubs, the role of social media has played a part in where people choose to eat.
“Eating out is the greatest form of entertainment at the moment, and social media and the internet have played a huge role in that,” he says. “Seeing amazing dishes on Instagram undoubtedly whets the appetite.”
We are also becoming more discerning about what we expect from eating out.
“Customers are very knowledgeable,” says Hemmes.
“Eating out in Australia is such a great social experience,” he says. “There are interesting people, there's great design, and exceptional food and drinks. Fifteen years ago, eating out was reserved to Thursday, Friday or Saturday nights only. Now people are eating out seven days a week and at such a variety of fantastic restaurants.”
Camera Icon L-R Patrick Friesen, Justin Hemmes, Christopher Hogarth, Eric Koh. The Queen Vic hotel in Enmore is in Merivale's stable. Picture: News Corp Australia, Carly Earl
With more than 40,000 restaurants and cafes across the country, we are spoiled for choice. So how do we navigate our way through the myriad options? This question is part of the reason behind this week's launch of our delicious Eat Out platform online.
“We have built the most comprehensive guide to eating out in Australia because we know there is a demand for it,” says McCallum. “We want to make it as easy as possible to find a good feed from a source people trust. And we have the network and the credibility of great local critics to be able to do this.
“Head online and search for whatever you are craving, wherever you are, at any time. Best of all, you can get involved — leave a review, read how chefs respond to the critics, and enjoy!”
Looking to eat out? Use the site the experts use and visit delicious.com.au/eatout for Australia's best guide to eating out. With thousands of reviews and listings, you can search, locate and discover the right place, whatever you are craving.
Heads up: This article contains major spoilers from Wednesday's episode of The Originals. If you haven't watched, stop reading now — you've been warned!
Assuming you managed to avoid that spoiler-y tweet from the writers' room over the hiatus, Wednesday's episode of The Originals — particularly that tragic ending — probably came as quite a shock. Though the hour finally saw Hope reunited with her mother, it ended with Hayley sacrificing herself to kill Greta and save the day.
TVLine was on set for the filming of the show's series finale — which is still weeks away, so don't panic — and we asked the stars for their reactions to Hayley's demise, all of which you can check out in our video interview above.
RELATEDThe Originals Spinoff Legacies Ordered to Series at The CW
To make matters worse, Klaus' efforts to save her were thwarted by Elijah, who fully believes his true family to be Greta (rest in pieces!), Antoinette and Roman.
On a lighter note, the episode also gave us a surprisingly emotional exchange between Klaus and Caroline…
Klaus: Do you regret the time we've spent together?
Caroline: Seriously?
Klaus: Do you?
Caroline: OK, if it'll take your mind off wanting to murder an innocent teenage boy… No, I don't regret our time together. I just think, when we met, I was still young. I was someone else back then, and so were you.
Klaus: I don't think I've changed that much.
Caroline: I do. The man I met back then terrified me. I was intrigued, but I never felt safe or relaxed or myself, really. And now look at us!
Klaus: So you don't regret meeting me?
Caroline: No. But I do think that I represented something for you back then, something innocent that reminded you of a part of yourself that you lost and you wished you could get back. If we never met until now, I wonder if you'd even notice you.
Klaus: It would be impossible not to notice you, Caroline.
Hit PLAY on the video above for the cast's take on this tragic twist, then drop a comment with your own reactions below.
THE Bathurst 12 Hour will be a race of surviving the traffic for the leading contenders.
They will spend more time trying to navigate their way around the slower cars in the race than they will fighting among themselves.
“The race is going to be won by getting through the traffic cleanly and with no dramas,” McLaughlin said.
THE GRID: 2018 Liqui-Moly Bathurst 12 Hour
SHOOTOUT: Mostert lays down 2m01 to take Allan Simonsen Trophy
“You've just got to stay out of trouble. It's going to be out of control.”
Most of the top drivers have already notched up one close-call in traffic this weekend.
In practice, the cars in the outright class were up to 15 seconds per lap quicker than those in the slowest class, the difference in performance making for rapid closing speeds.
“I think every year most people say it's worse than ever, but it's bad,” Will Davison said.
“It's dangerous s***. Most of it is just clumsy stuff, but it gets your attention real bad.
“Some of the spots you catch them are so blind and the closing speeds on some are so big.
“Some arguably shouldn't be out there, they're just hanging on themselves, they've got no idea what's going on around them.
“There are constant close calls in bad spots where you think they've seen you and they come across.”
Already there has been one casualty.
A misunderstanding between a Mercedes and a Class C BMW sent the latter into the wall at the Chase, the damage putting the car out for the rest of the weekend.
Davison endured a heart-stopping double spin on his own on Friday, but he'd been lucky to still be out there.
“Just before my spin I was doing 250km/h up Mountain Straight and a Porsche was doing about 50km/h, 200 metres ahead.
“He went to mid-track but as I'm coming he just pulled left, so I jumped on the brakes and just went hard right into Griffins.
“I've just missed him, at 200km/h sideways under brakes because he's gone to the inside.”
Porsche factory star Earl Bamber crashed out of the lead in just the first hour of last year's race while trying to pass a slower car.
The Le Mans 24 Hours winner has been in machines at both ends of the grid, but said the onus is always on the faster car to make it through safely.
“Everyone wants to get to the end so everyone has that common goal,” he said.
“I think the biggest thing for all the slower cars is that they shouldn't get out of the way.
“When you're going flat out and you're not sure whether they're going to stay there or pull out, and there's that awkward moment of communication — that's where the screw-up happens.
“It may sound crazy, but if people stay on the race line, then you know the race line and where they're going to go next.
“Sometimes when you be a little bit too nice, that's when the problems happen.”
Russia's military operation in Syria was aimed at curtailing the threat of terrorism and benefited the international community, Dr. Akbari Jeddi, special representative of the supreme leader of the Islamic Republic of Iran, told Sputnik, while commenting on the joint March 15 Russo-Iranian conference on countering extremism.
On March 15, Moscow hosted a research and practical conference entitled "Counteraction to radical and extremist trends." The event was organized in cooperation with the Moscow Islamic Institute and the cultural representation of the Embassy of the Islamic Republic of Iran in the Russian Federation. Dr. Akbari Jeddi, the special representative of the supreme leader of the Islamic Republic of Iran in Russia, shared his views on Russo-Iranian cooperation in the field of fighting Islamism.
Sputnik: Dear Dr. Akbari Jeddi, how do you assess the role of the Russian Federation in the fight against extremism?
The phenomenon of extremism poses a threat to many countries. One of the countries that became the main target of extremists is the Russian Federation. We can judge this from past events and attacks. But what is the most important is that Daesh (ISIS/ISIL)* leaders and commanders speak Russian fluently. This indicates that [terrorists'] recruitment also takes place in Russia. Accordingly, under these conditions, when there is a threat to the security of the country, Russia could not sit idly by. Therefore, the decision of the Russian authorities to fight this evil outside the borders of their country is justified and correct.
After all, if you do not bring an end to terrorism there [in Syria] its elements will penetrate into the country [Russia]. Therefore, Russia's actions in Syria were a necessary security measure to prevent extremism from penetrating into the country. No matter from what perspective one looks at this operation, it was a balanced and thought-out military measure to ensure security which served not only Russia's interest, but benefited the whole world. Russia has managed to weaken the terrorists, which in many ways curtailed the growth of extremism. Therefore, we assess the efforts of the Russian Federation and its role in the fight against extremism and terrorism positively.
© Sputnik/ Michael Klimentyev Russian army servicemen at the Khmeimim Air Base in Syria
Sputnik: It is known that on the Syrian anti-terrorism front, Russia and Iran acted as allies. What other forms of cooperation, in addition to military-technical cooperation, should our countries develop to counter radicalism and extremism, in your opinion?
Our countries' collaboration in the field of countering extremism and terrorism has long-term prospects. It should not be limited to military-technical cooperation. Our collaboration should develop in other areas as well. Naturally, it should be conducted within the framework of security services that have to assist each other as they are fulfilling the mission of preventing terrorists from sneaking into the countries. However, it is also important to develop and expand our cultural, educational, ideological and moral partnership.
One good example is our joint conference with our Russian counterparts. We have managed to discuss important issues on promoting the ideas of moderate Islam among theologians and scholars. Together with our Russian counterparts, we believe that we need to consolidate and form a [common] front to resist terrorism. From the ideological point of view, we have started cooperation at the academic level. In addition, Russian religious leaders could outline the most important issues which concern the youth to understand Islam properly and find out distinctive features of extremist ideas. There are lots of academic and practical research works in Iran [on the issue] and we are ready to share them with our Russian colleagues. It is through these enlightenment and translation activities that one can fight against radical and extremist ideologies.
Sputnik: Iranian operational services, such as the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC), which directly engage in the fight against terrorists, are well-informed about the religious ideology of extremists, in addition to tactical and combat skills. Could they share their experience with Russian operational services?
Undoubtedly, such cooperation is possible and necessary. Those engaged in a direct combat against extremists on the battlefield should be well versed in religious disciplines and know the principles of extremist ideologies. I believe that the Iranian operatives [the IRGC] have more experience, given the fact that our state system is founded on religious principles. As far as I know, there have been only consultations with our Russian colleagues so far. However, this partnership should be much broader. Our operatives possess excellent knowledge, as well as methods and tactics to quickly identify extremists. And they are ready to share their experience of capturing terrorists with the Russian security service. This cooperation will undoubtedly be promising, productive and very effective.
*Daesh (ISIS/ISIL) is a terrorist group banned in Russia.
The views and opinions expressed by Dr. Akbari Jeddi are those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
April 20 S&P Global Ratings:
* S&P says Southern Illinois University Revenue Bond rating lowered to 'BB' from 'BBB' and placed on creditwatch negative
* Downgrade, creditwatch negative status reflect belief it would be unlikely additional operating appropriations would be distributed to Southern Illinois University for 2017 Source text (bit.ly/2pkdGv4)
Chicago, IL—Vitamins and supplements have become a huge component of modern lifestyles and optimizing health. People who are dedicated to bettering their body and mind have supplements for basically everything from general health benefits to boosting workout regimensto mood-lifting products. There are even supplements to help with some of the most common energy issues most people face: restless sleep and lack of daytime energy. Liftmode.com has excitingly just released two natural supplements stacks to help with each of these challenges!
Liftmode is a company that supplies dietary supplements and brain-boosters that have become steadily more popular. Until recently, their products have centered around just single-ingredient pure supplements, targeted to value-focused and knowledgeable purchasers who wish to customize their own supplement intake. Now, they're expanding their product range by introducing two new supplement stacks: Liftmode'sbrand new energy & sleep stack capsules. Each of the formulations isinnovative and unique – the first being a truly effective energizing supplement, and the second being a truly effective natural sleep aid.
Their energizing stack combines natural ingredients that are known to boost wakefulness such as caffeine, the most common and popular of stimulants, and phenylethylamine, which helps maintain energy levels, along with a few selected high qualityplant extracts. The stack also contains ingredients to support general well-being, including ascorbyl palmitate, a form of vitamin C designed to maximize the bioavailability of this antioxidant to cell membranes.
The sleep stack combines a trio of potent natural sleep ingredients. These includethe well knownmelatonin, which shortens that amount of time it takes for a person to fall asleep, together with oleamide, found in jujube fruit and associated with sleep improvements, and a third key ingredient found in an herb considered to be vital in time honored Chinese traditional medicine. This groundbreaking combination of naturally occurring ingredients works synergistically to yield a supplement with unprecedented effectiveness at supporting deep, restful sleep.
These new supplements have been created with naturally occurring ingredients, making them accessible to both vegetarians and vegans, and providing confidence that the supplement consumerswon't have to deal with many of the side effects that often accompanyunnatural energizing or sleep inducing compounds. The encapsulated stack supplements are more convenient than powderas well,saving the extra step of measurement and cleanup. Liftmode capsule stacks ensure that customers are getting the exact optimal amount of each ingredient.
For those who want a product that's ready to goor who are looking for truly effective, naturally-derived supplements to help them keep pace with their busy schedule and time shifts of travel, Liftmode sleep and energy stack supplementsoffer potentially excellent solutions. Supplements provide a way to naturally addresschallenges that can arisein fast paced modern life, and help people achieve a healthier version of themselves. Anyone can start on the road to health, but these natural supplements can help along the journey.
With point guard P.J. Dozier's reported decision to retain an agent and stay in the NBA Draft, South Carolina will have only two starters returning next season.
That means big men Chris Silva and Maik Kotsar are the only returning starters.
Senior guards Duane Notice and Sindarius Thornwell also are departing, along with backup guard Justin McKie.
It's impossible to replace all that Thornwell brought, but at least in the points department, USC seems to have a ready-made scorer. Kory Holden sat out last year after transferring from Delaware, where he averaged nearly 18 points per game in 2015-16. He had a cleanout procedure performed on his knee during the season, but should be fine for next year.
Without Dozier, USC has to find another point guard. Holden can be that guy, but it's hard to balance being a point guard and high scorer. Rakym Felder could step into a full-time role and leave Holden to be a shooting guard, along with incoming freshman David Beatty and others.
But who replaces Thornwell's rebounding? Who can take over Notice's defensive prowess? The Gamecocks will have a lot of familiar faces back, most notably guard Hassani Gravett, and coach Frank Martin's usual system is he'll play the guys that can do defense first, then score.
Mostly, they have the momentum from a Final Four run that will aid them in future recruiting. If that can reel in a graduate transfer this year for immediate help, or transfers for future seasons, that can lead to greater success.
Everybody goes in a panic & we're sitting here like #ho1don ‍♂️@juicecrew_rah @DavidBeatty13 — Kory Holden (@KHolden_11) April 17, 2017
Freshman signees
G David Beatty, Fr.
A four-star two-guard from Philadelphia, the 6-foot-4 Beatty is the highest-ranked member of the recruiting class (third in his state, 32nd at his position).
C Jason Cudd, Fr.
A 7-footer from Socastee, Cudd was the first commitment of the class.
F Ibrahim Doumbia, Fr.
A four-star power forward from Mali by way of Miami, the 6-8 Doumbia was rated 12th in Florida and 32nd at his position.
F Felipe Haase, Fr.
A three-star forward/center from Chile who grew up in Los Angeles and prepped in Miami, Haase was rated 30th in Florida and 57th at his position.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) – The Iraqi people are suffering from a deteriorating economy and fear of renewed fighting on the 15th anniversary of the US invasion despite a successful campaign against the Islamic State (Daesh)*, Iraqi exiles driven from the country to escape the terrorist group told Sputnik.
On March 20, 2003, President George W. Bush announced the launch of Operation Iraqi Freedom, aimed at overthrowing longtime leader Saddam Hussein, which Washington accused of developing, storing and planning to use weapons of mass destruction. Within months, no weapons of mass destruction were found and the invasion morphed into an occupation, with the United States setting up a parliamentary-style democracy as the nation descended into a sectarian war pitting Sunni against Shia Muslims, with both targeting US forces.
A UK-based Opinion Research Business (ORB) poll estimated that up to 1 million civilians had been killed, by extrapolating from a survey showing that 20 percent of Iraqi households had lost at least one member as a result of the fighting.
Ahmed Amin, 37, an engineer now employed at a state-run manufacturing company in Baghdad, survived the initial Islamic State takeover of Anbar province and its major cities of Fallujah and Ramadi, by fleeing to Turkey, where he remained for two years. After returning to Iraq in late 2017, with Anbar liberated, his bitterness becomes obvious when asked about US involvement in his nation for the past 15 years.
"This is a frivolous question because everything in Iraq is a proof the Saddam's rule was more stable and people enjoyed security, and this answer can be heard also from current Iraqi politicians who once supported the US invasion," Amin told Sputnik.
Ahead of parliamentary elections next month, the United States faces growing pressure to reduce its politically sensitive presence in Iraq, which the US Defense Department characterizes as a reorganization of the international coalition that supported Iraqi forces with airstrikes to retake territory ruled by the Islamic State.
© AP Photo/ Tim Ireland Iraqi Teen Found Guilty Over 2017 London Tube Bomb Attack
Amin said he expects Iranian-backed Shia militias to increase control in urban neighborhoods amid continued attacks by the Islamic State and other militant Sunni Islamist groups following the April 12 elections, with little change in his country.
"The upcoming Iraqi parliamentary elections will be merely a vote of support for incumbent Prime Minister [Haider] al-Abadi," Amin said. "Iran has the most parties on the ground that are willing to serve its agenda."
Jenna D., who asked that her last name be withheld to protect her extended family in Baghdad, Fallujah and Ramadi, fled to Jordan in 2007 and entered the United States as a refugee the following year. After gaining US citizenship, she visited Iraq in 2014, 2015, 2017 and returned to the United States this month after spending two-weeks with her immediate family in Baghdad.
"I don't tell people I'm coming to Iraq, only my family, to limit my visibility," Jenna told Sputnik. She described pervasive corruption that was absent under Saddam Hussein's rule.
"Everybody is asking for a bribe, a tip. Lots of friends, cousins, nephews have applied for jobs to find people demanding thousands of dollars, $10,000, up to $20,000 in return," she said.
While visiting a sick sibling in a hospital, she confronted a man in a white coat who was smoking a cigarette in a hospital hallway lined with no-smoking signs, only to be told by her brother to stop. "He might hurt you," the brother said.
Jenna described the hospital as filled with second-hand smoke. She also said the streets of Baghdad are filled with trash piled so high that some roads had become impassible.
© AP Photo/ Karim Kadim Terrorist Ideology Should Be Eradicated After Daesh Military Defeat - Iraqi PM
She compared her arrival at Baghdad's international airport as "like landing in a hole in the desert. There were no high buildings, no control tower" she said.
Airport security, she added, resembled a military base with a barrier well beyond the airport that requires passengers to take taxis from the compound entrance to the main terminal building.
In February 2009, President Barack Obama announced an 18-month plan to draw down US troops to a force of 50,000 that would train Iraqi security forces and provide intelligence. But by December 2011, all US troops were gone due to pressure from the Iraqi government. By then, the country had changed, according to Mohammed Dulaimy, who grew up in Fallujah and where his family resided at the time.
"The whole mindset of the majority of society was that there were only ‘holy fighters' and their enemies," Dulaimy explained. Criminals had simply rebranded themselves as jihadists.
When completing his studies in early 2014, the Islamic State onslaught had begun with immediate success in Fallujah, where the local population initially welcomed the Islamic State for ending persecution of Sunnis by the Shia-dominated government.
"People didn't believe the United States when they warned about al-Qaeda, [terrorist leader Abu Musab] Zarqawi. This is what Islamic State brought to the table," he said. "Suddenly people saw their worst fears, that everything they were told might be true," he said.
Dulaimy's family described in telephone conversations being saved at one point by Islamic State fighters, who fired on advancing Iraqi helicopters that had begun firing on refugee convoys fleeing the city. His family eventually settled in Kurdistan.
"Life has become more difficult," according Abdullah Al Ani, 36, an Iraqi Ph.D.-candidate in the United Kingdom. "The streets are unsafe, the economy is deteriorating badly, and the government is unreliable. It doesn't respond to anybody needs. Previously, Iraq was a safe, wealthy nation throughout the 1980s despite an eight-year-long war with Iran."
But Iraqis interviewed by Sputnik fear that renewed fighting will return to the streets of Baghdad and other cities, with Iraq's predominantly Shia military forces and allied Iranian-backed Shia militia allies battling the next incarnation of the Islamic State.
By the end of 2017, Iraqi forces backed by airstrikes from a US-led coalition had retaken nearly all Iraq territory from the Islamic State, with Iraqi politicians now pressing for a reduction of the American military presence as the April 12 date for Iraqi's election approaches. Negotiations between the United States and Iraq on a long-term US military presence are reportedly underway. Sectarian warfare in Iraq reached its most intense phase from 2004 to 2008, with US deaths topping 3,000, more than 23,000 wounded and Iraqi civilian fatalities estimated at more than 50,000.
*Terrorist organization, banned in Russia
He's tall, spry, he walks unaided, and besides being a little deaf, he is in good shape.
He's believed to be 114. And he smokes.
And now Fredie Blom of South Africa thinks that maybe it's time to just say no to tobacco.
In an interview with the BBC, Blom, who has government documents saying he was born in 1904, spoke of his smoking habit.
"Every day I still smoke two to three 'pills'," he said, referring to local slang for tobacco rolled in cigarette-sized pieces of newspaper.
Freddie Blom. South Africa man who is 114 living fit and healthy.
Q:What does he put his long life down to.
A:There's only one thing - it's the man above [God]. He's got all the power. I have nothing. I can drop over any time but He holds me,"https://t.co/86XtpR2mAS — ClearUpThisMS (@ClearUpThisMS) May 29, 2018
"The urge to smoke is so strong. Sometimes I tell myself I'm going to stop but it's just me lying to myself. My chest chases me to have a puff and I'm then forced to make a 'pill'.”
In April, Guinness World Records named Japan's Masazo Nonaka, 112, as the oldest living man. The oldest woman, Nabi Tajima, also from Japan, is 117. Guinness told the The Washington Post that Blom is not being considered for an award.
“We receive many applications from individuals who claim to be the oldest living person (male or female) and see many reports about such individuals,” a Guinness World Records spokeswoman said in a statement Tuesday to the Post.
“However, we ask for a great deal of paperwork and proof to substantiate claims that meet our official guidelines. We also work with various expert gerontologists and consultants who assist in the investigation of such claims to ensure our facts are correct.”
Fredie Blom, right, of Cape Town, South Africa, celebrates his 114th birthday on May 8.
Western Cape Department of Social Development
But, she told the paper, that if Blom wants to apply, Guinness will work to determine his eligibility.
Locals, however, are sure Blom is 114. Sihle Ngobese, spokesperson of the West Cape Department of Social Development, told the BBC that the fact that the government had issued Blom with an identity document that records his date of birth as May 8, 1904, is proof enough for them.
Meanwhile, Blom, who lives in Delft, a suburb of Cape Town and worked well into his 80s, told the network that he doesn't have any particular secret for his longevity.
"There's only one thing — it's the man above. He's got all the power. I have nothing. I can drop over any time but He holds me," he told the BBC in Afrikaans.
"I feel very healthy, I'm good. My heart is strong but it's only my legs that are giving in — I can't walk the way I used to," he added.
Janetta Blom, his wife of 48 years who is 29 years his junior, told the BBC that her husband had only been to hospital once, for a problem with one of his knees.
As for his smoking, Blom says it's outside his control. "I blame the devil for that because he's so strong."
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
Irish Water has said that repairs to a burst water main may cause supply disruptions to Mountcampbell, Drumsna and surrounding areas in Co. Leitrim today, Tuesday, April 24.
A traffic management plan will be in place for the duration of these works. Works have an estimated completion time of 2pm on 24 April.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
Officers with the Fuquay-Varina Police Department are looking for a man they say shot a woman in the leg and threw her from a vehicle Monday evening.
Scroll for more content...
According to a tweet from the police department, officers are looking for Rayshone McNeil, who is believed to be in a black BMW with North Carolina tag PFF5192.
On Tuesday, officials located McNeil's car, but he remains on the loose.
Authorities said McNeil shot his girlfriend in the leg and threw her from a vehicle near Walapai and Sippihaw Oaks Drives just before 6 p.m.
Anyone with information about the incident, or the whereabouts of McNeil, is asked to call police at 919-552-3191.
Researchers from the University of Liverpool have made a significant breakthrough in the direct conversion of carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) and methane (CH 4 ) into liquid fuels and chemicals which could help industry to reduce greenhouse gas emissions whilst producing valuable chemical feedstocks.
In a paper published in chemistry journal Angewandte Chemie they report a very unique plasma synthesis process for the direct, one-step activation of carbon dioxide and methane into higher value liquid fuels and chemicals (e.g. acetic acid, methanol, ethanol and formaldehyde) with high selectivity at ambient conditions (room temperature and atmospheric pressure).
This is the first time this process has been shown, as it is a significant challenge to directly convert these two stable and inert molecules into liquid fuels or chemicals using any single-step conventional (e.g. catalysis) processes bypassing high temperature, energy intensive syngas production process and high pressure syngas processing for chemical synthesis.
The one-step room-temperature synthesis of liquid fuels and chemicals from the direct reforming of CO 2 with CH 4 was achieved by using a novel atmospheric-pressure non-thermal plasma reactor with a water electrode and a low energy input.
Dr. Xin Tu, from the University's Department of Electrical Engineering and Electronics, said: "These results clearly show that non-thermal plasmas offer a promising solution to overcome the thermodynamic barrier for the direct transformation of CH 4 and CO 2 into a range of strategically important platform chemicals and synthetic fuels at ambient conditions. Introducing a catalyst into the plasma chemical process, known as plasma-catalysis, could tune the selectivity of target chemicals. "
"This is a major breakthrough technology that has great potential to deliver a step-change in future methane activation, CO 2 conversion and utilisation and chemical energy storage, which is also of huge relevance to the energy & chemical industry and could help to tackle the challenges of global warming and greenhouse gas effect."
Methane and carbon dioxide emissions are considered greenhouse gases which contribute to global warming and climate change.
In order to tackle the global energy challenges resulting from greenhouse gases, new and emerging technologies are being developed at an accelerating pace.
Plasma, the fourth state of matter, an electrically charged gas mixture, offers a promising and attractive alternative for the synthesis of fuels and chemicals, providing a unique way to enable thermodynamically unfavourable reactions to take place at ambient conditions.
In non-thermal plasmas, the gas temperature remains low (as low as room temperature), while the electrons are highly energetic with a typical electron temperature of 1-10 eV, which is sufficient to activate inert molecules (e.g. CO 2 and CH 4 ) present and produce a variety of chemically reactive species including radicals, excited atoms, molecules and ions. These energetic species, which are produced at a relatively low temperature, are capable of initiating a variety of different reactions.
Plasma systems have the flexibility to be scaled up and down. In addition, high reaction rate and fast attainment of steady state in a plasma process allows rapid start-up and shutdown of the plasma process compared to other thermal processes, which significantly reduces the overall energy cost and offers a promising route for the plasma process powered by renewable energy (e.g. wind and solar power) to act as an efficient chemical energy storage localised or distributed system.
The highly attractive process could also provide a promising solution to end gas flaring from oil and gas wells through the conversion of flared methane into valuable liquid fuels and chemicals which can be easily stored and transported. Around 3.5% (~150 billion cubic meter gas) of the world's natural-gas supply was wastefully burned, or 'flared', at oil and gas fields, emitted more than 350 million tonnes of CO 2 .
###
CHICAGO, April 3 Illinois owes a group of women whose police officer and firefighter husbands died in the line of duty more than $351,000 apiece for their losses, but the state's chronic inability to pass a budget has left all of them unpaid like thousands of state vendors.
The widows' plight in a state with a $12.7 billion unpaid bill backlog represents yet another frustrating byproduct of lllinois' 22-month budget stalemate, a span of fiscal ineptitude unmatched by any other U.S. state.
Illinois has limped along without a full operating budget during that time because the state's Democratic-led legislature and Republican Governor Bruce Rauner have clashed over a list of nonbudgetary demands he has insisted be part of any budget deal. All told, seven Illinois women have been waiting as long as a year for their shares of more than $2.7 million in awards and interest owed under the state's Line of Duty Compensation Act, which mandates one-time payments and burial reimbursements to the families of fallen first responders.
The pending allotments are part of a $45 million pile of unpaid awards through the Illinois Court of Claims, a body that adjudicates litigation directed at the state and approves line-of-duty awards. That overall amount also includes unpaid awards owed to a group of exonerated, wrongfully imprisoned ex-inmates and others who sustained injuries on state roads or in state facilities.
WIDOWS 'WORRIED ABOUT OUR FUTURE'
For police widow Susan Maness, the $351,383 award she has waited for since January 2016 could dictate whether she is able to stay long-term in the suburban Chicago “dream home” she and her late husband bought when the couple had two incomes to support mortgage payments.
Her husband, Dwight Maness, 47, a deputy in the McHenry County Sheriff's Department, was shot in the back and leg in 2014 by a gunman who ambushed him with an AR-15 rapid-fire rifle during a police call to the man's home.
Maness' injuries left him wheelchair-bound and necessitated multiple surgeries. During an October 2015 physical therapy session, 11 months after being shot, Maness died from a pulmonary embolism the local coroner later linked to his original wounds.
“They're arguing in Springfield,” Susan Maness said in an interview, referring to the political paralysis in Illinois' capital. “Everybody is pointing the finger at the other person, and no one wants to take responsibility. But while they're fighting and pointing fingers, the rest of us are sitting here worried about our future and our homes and how things are going to continue."
Asked how her late husband would react to her wait to be paid, “He'd be horrified all of this is taking place.”
Other widows awaiting awards lost their husbands to crashes, on-the-job cardiac arrests and, in the case of a suburban Chicago firefighter, injuries sustained from falling down an open, unprotected elevator shaft while battling a 2015 building fire.
“I think it's unconscionable,” said Pat Devaney, president of the Associated firefighters of Illinois, which advocates on behalf of Illinois firefighters. “From my perspective, I'd say this is the result of Governor (Bruce) Rauner's failure to propose and work with the General Assembly to pass a balanced budget that funds important things like this.”
THE BLAME GAME
An effort to appropriate $5 million to the Court of Claims to pay line-of-duty awards passed the Illinois Senate last May but fizzled in the Illinois House, which tacked on additional budgetary need before the legislation eventually died in January.
State Representative Fred Crespo, a Democrat from the Chicago suburb of Hoffman Estates, said Illinois' inability to give the widows what they are owed is like “adding insult to injury” and blamed the governor for not making their plight a budgetary priority.
“Heaven knows what they're going through,” Crespo said of the still-grieving women. “I have a hard time listening to the governor saying we care about our firefighters and policemen, and when you have these families who are purely in need, you ignore them.”
Rauner spokeswoman Eleni Demertzis told Reuters the governor believes the state should “uphold any promised payments made to the families” of fallen first responders. But she emphasized the payments should be part of a broader budget deal.
That is something the governor has failed to broker since taking office in January 2015. He has butted heads with Democrats over his insistence that his enactment of a budget be conditional on approval of state workers' compensation changes, term limits for legislative leaders and a property-tax freeze, among other things.
“Unfortunately, they cannot be paid until the General Assembly passes a balanced budget,” Demertzis said of the widows in a statement. “Governor Rauner continues to advocate for a solution that balances the budget and ensures payment of those types of benefits.” (Editing by Matthew Lewis)
