Good morning, here are our early stories:
-- Iran's Foreign Minister: Renegotiating Nuclear Deal Would Damage U.S. Credibility.
-- Border Patrol Agent Acquitted In 2012 Fatal Shooting Of Mexican Teen.
-- Prince's Family Files Wrongful Death Suit Against Hospital, Pharmacy Chain.
-- Facebook Updates Community Standards, Expands Appeals Process.
And here are more early headlines:
Report: Confirmation Hearing To Be Delayed For V.A. Nominee. (Washington Post)
Suit Filed Against New Indiana Abortion Law. (Indianapolis Business Journal)
Government Seeks E-Coli Source In Contaminated Lettuce. (Washington Post)
Despite Government Action, Nicaragua Protests Continue. (Los Angeles Times)
New Afghanistan Attacks Leave 9 Dead. (RFE/RL)
Ukrainian Agency Hit By Ransomware. (Reuters)
Credit: Frank Masi – ©2017 CTMG. All Rights Reserved. (LOS ANGELES) — We finally have our first real look at Venom, Sony Pictures' take on the shape-shifting Marvel Comics anti-hero.
The first trailer shows Mad Max and The Dark Knight Rises star Tom Hardy as dogged reporter Eddie Brock, who in the course of tracking down a story about a company dabbling in human experimentation becomes infected with a mysterious black goop that's actually an alien life form.
This so-called symbiote gives Brock superhuman powers, and can transform him into the hulking, titular black anti-hero creature that made its first appearance in the pages of The Amazing Spider-Man comic back in the '80s. The character was also seen in 2007's Spider-Man 3, with Brock played by former That '70s Show star Topher Grace, to mixed reviews.
Venom, which also stars Rogue One: A Star Wars Story‘s Riz Ahmed, as well as Michelle Williams and Jenny Slate, opens October 5.
[embedded content]
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tara Palmer-Tomkinson died of natural causes and "did not have a brain tumour", her sister has said.
Author Santa Montefiore posted a series of tweets thanking people for their support in recent days following Palmer-Tomkinson's death at the age of 45, but added that she wanted to "clarify" a few things and referenced a coroner's report.
(Photo: Ian West/PA Wire)
She wrote: "I've been so touched by the warm response to Tara's death. Thank you from the whole family. But I'd like to clarify a couple of points.
"Today the coroner's report states that Tara died of natural causes - a perforated ulcer. She did not have a brain tumour."
Montefiore added that "contrary to some reports, Tara was not the goddaughter of HRH the Prince of Wales".
(Photo: Joel Ryan/PA Wire)
She wrote: "Tara's good friends & family know that she was in high spirits in her last days. She had plans, trips & had written a moving new song."
She finished her stream of statements by adding: "Lastly there will be a fuller statement from the PT family later today. Thank you again."
A Southwest Airlines jet made an emergency landing in California following reports that a passenger lit up a cigarette in a bathroom.
Southwest says Flight 1250 from Los Angeles to San Francisco was diverted Wednesday.
The plane landed safely at San Jose Mineta International Airport, about 50 miles (80 kilometers) south of San Francisco.
The airline says the passenger accused of smoking was turned over to law enforcement.
The remaining 32 passengers were placed on other aircraft to continue their trips.
The much anticipated Gopichand starrer Pantham is all set to hit the screens on Jul 5, 2018, and the pre-release event of the movie was held over the weekend in Hyderabad. Despite coming with formidable and unique scripts, the tall and handsome actor isn't quite able to convert them into a box office success. The fate of Pantham will be known on Jul 5, while the response and mindset of the team were known during the pre-release event.
Some excerpts from the event:
K Chakravarthy
Thanking and welcoming all the directors who had graced the event, Chakravarthy thanked his entire cast and crew for being together as a pillar of support. He abundantly thanked by the producer and the hero for granting him such a great opportunity.
Radha Mohan
Claiming Pantham to be a prestigious flick, Mohan was happy to call this association to be lucky for himself as it happens to be the 25th flick of actor Gopichand. He wished fans in the domestic and overseas market would appreciate and embrace the flick.
YSR
Wishing his mentor, Puri Jagannadh from the dais, the happening comedian thanked Gopichand for granting him such a good life. YSR brought in Suma during his speech and made her mouth all the 24 movie titles of Gopichand.
Prudhvi Raj
Reminiscing the days of Loukyam, Raj thanked Gopichand for such an extended character in the movie and called him a man with a fighter spirit who doesn't give up his perseverance. Calling him a great actor who balances both physical discipline and behavioural discipline, the comedian wished a massive success to the movie, Gopichand, Radha Mohan & Chakravarthy.
Puri Jagannadh
The director of Mass Elevation Scenes wished to associate with Gopichand for one more movie in the future. Golimar was the movie which had brought both the said actor and director together and Puri remembered his dedication and hard work levels. He stated that he was ready to work with Gopi at any point in time.
Siruthai Siva
Ajith's favourite director, Siva, thanked Gopi abundantly as it was him who played a major role in transforming Siva's career from being a cameraman to a director. Without any tantrums, Gopichand had okayed Siva's script which later moulded to be Souryam. Siva attributed his success and life to Gopi and wished the actor just the best in his life.
Jayam Raja
The Thani Oruvan director was proud to identify himself as Editor Mohan's son than calling the legendary editor as Raja & Ravi's father. A family friend of Gopichand, Raja shared his camaraderie, with Gopi's father and brother. He shared that Gopi has directorial skills and that was very much visible during the making of Tamil version of Jayam.
Prasad Murella
Speaking on stage for the first time, Prasad, owed his stage presence to Gopichand. He was respected and given a chance to narrate a script to Gopichand and that was possible only because of the latter's patience and belief on the former.
Gopichand
An emotional speech was given by the talented actor who started it by thanking all his directors. He thanked his initial movie's producer, Muthyala Subbaiah for granting him such a celluloid life.
Gopichand passed on lion's share of credit to producer KK Radhamohan and director, K Chakravarthy Reddy, for the overall shape of the movie. Lyric writer and music directors were praised and encouraged by the actor for their overall contribution to Pantham. Gopi had some special words for Suma's anchoring and her memory power too.
Pantham stars Gopichand, Mehreen Pirzada, Hamsa Nandini, Sampath Raj, Jayaprakash Reddy, Sayaji Shinde, Pavitra Lokesh, Ajay, Prudhvi Raj and others.
Prosecutors accused Greitens of obtaining the donor list without permission from the Mission Continues, a St. Louis-based charity that he founded, for use in his campaign. Prosecutors said Greitens directed an employee of the charity to take a list of donors despite the fact that personal use of the list was prohibited by the charity.
The Associated Press reported shortly after Greitens' announcement that St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner said her office has reached a "fair and just resolution" on criminal charges against Greitens now that he's stepping down. The details won't be released until Wednesday, she said.
The governor's resignation will take effect Friday at 5 p.m., he said.
Greitens publicly disclosed in January that he had an affair with his hairstylist in 2015, before his campaign for governor, ahead of a local news report detailing the allegations. Greitens and his wife called it "a deeply personal mistake" at the time.
Greitens, who had denied any criminal wrongdoing, still faced intense scrutiny from the Republican legislative leaders who have pushed for his resignation and begun impeachment proceedings against him. An impeachment vote was possible next month.
A special state House investigative committee recently released a report that detailed allegations from the woman, whose name has not been made public. She testified that Greitens restrained, slapped, grabbed, shoved and threatened her during a series of sexual encounters that at times left her crying and afraid, according to The Associated Press.
The scandal had also dragged in Missouri's Republican Senate candidate, Josh Hawley, the state's attorney general, who is trying to unseat Sen. Claire McCaskill. He has repeatedly been asked about Greitens by the press, making it difficult for Hawley to get his campaign message out, and he has faced criticism for why he didn't attempt to prosecute the governor.
Hawley on Tuesday praised Greitens' decision, saying he had "done the right thing."
In announcing his resignation, Greitens said the charges against him were unjustly brought.
"It's clear that for the forces that opposed us there's no end in sight," he said. "I will let the fairness of this process be judged by history."
He also rallied his supporters and vowed to "always be a fighter" for Missouri.
"For those who would be moved to vengeance, let us allow history and God to bring justice," he said. "This is not the end of our fight. ... So for the moment, let us walk off the battlefield with our heads held high."
Missouri's lieutenant governor will become governor.
MOSCOW (AP) — Russian President Vladimir Putin says the Trump administration's list of businessmen or officials is a 'hostile step'
2:43
She raps her way to 2017 Georgia Economics Teacher of the Year title
1:21
Columbus bus driver talks about his termination from Metra over horn issue
2:26
WREXHAM piled the pressure on former manager Gary Mills.
Mills, sacked as Reds' boss in October following the poor start to the season, saw his York side lose a vital game in their bid to avoid relegation.
Dean Keates has led Wrexham away from the drop zone before embarking on a seven game run without success, but the Reds finally got back to winning ways at Bootham Crescent.
Wrexham had taken just two points from a possible 21 since their last win at Braintree on March 4 and this was the ideal response.
It looked like the barren run would continue after York scored with just 75 seconds gone, but Wrexham came more into the game.
Jordan White levelled before the break and with the game developing into an end to end and open contest, both teams had chances.
But White, finding some form during the run-in, made it 2-1 with his fourth goal in three games and substitute Leo Smith wrapped up the points with his first senior goal in added time.
Victory meant a lot to the near-900 travelling Wrexham fans, who vented their frustrations on Mills throughout.
Wrexham had to dig in against a York side who had won four of their previous five games and are only out of the bottom four on goal difference, but it was a win to savour in the end after the disappointing sequence of results.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
The summer is knocking on our doors, and it is the perfect time to enjoy a "water hike."
Water Hikes involve walking long stretches inside the stream-bed either wading or swimming. It is great fun and probably the only way to enjoy a hike during the "boiling" Israeli summer.
The Betiha Valley lies on the North Eastern shore of lake Kinneret, at the foot of the Golan Heights. It is a meeting point of the 4 major streams of the Central Golan (Zavitan, Meshushim, Yahudiaya & Daliyot) on their way to the Sea of Galilee. Here the rivers form a delta of small streams and lagoons. The scenery and atmosphere in the area is unique. You cannot find anything that resembles it elsewhere in Israel.The whole area is a protected natural reserve. However, there are two sections that are authorized for Hiking. The Zaki steam & the Majrase stream.The Zaki is the more adventurous of the two. It is longer, and in some places, there are long lagoons that are 2 meters deep and require swimming. It is not regulated which has is pros and cons.It is more interesting, there is no entrance fee and it is less crowded compared to the Majrase. On the other hand there are no facilities such as a cafeteria, toilets, etc...Track description: Car Park GPS coordinates: 32.893762, 35.648583 Total walking Distance: 4 Km (1.5 Km of wading/Swimming)From the car park continue north for a few minutes until you reach the stream which is marked with Green markers.Follow the stream-bed for about 1.5 Km until your way will be clearly blocked with a rope and sings indicating you reached the end of the wet section. Climb to the south bank and walk about 2 km back on the dirt track parallel to the stream.Go to "Israel By Foot" Website for a full and detailed description of the hike The Majarse is the easier of the two hikes and is suitable also for small children that cannot swim. It is inside the paid area of the Natural Reserve and therefore has all the facilities that comes with it. On the other hand, it is less adventurous and more crowded when compared to the Zaki.Track Description: Car Park GPS coordinates: 32.885646, 35.641465 Total walking Distance: 1.5 Km (600 m of wading).From the park entrance walk north for a few minutes until you reach the stream. Follow the stream-bed for about 600 m until your way will be clearly blocked with sings indicating you reached the end of the wet section. Climb to the south bank and walk back about 1 Km to the park entrance.More details at https://en.parks.org.il/parksandreserves/majrase/Pages/default.aspx Hikes courtesy of Israel by Foot - Hiking the Holy Land
Free parking will be available for those attending First Friday and the ribbon cutting ceremony for the healing garden in downtown Las Vegas.
Motorists can park at the Las Vegas City Hall Parking Garage on 500 South Main Street.
A shuttle will be available to transport attendees to and from the event as well as the ribbon cutting for the community healing garden. The temporary shuttle will stop near Clark Avenue and Main Street on the east side of the street. The shuttle will pick up passengers approximately every 20 minutes.
Community members helped build a healing garden in response to the mass shooting on the Las Vegas Strip. It features a wall of remembrance, a grove of trees, shrubs, flowers, and walkway. The garden is located at 1015 South Casino Center Boulevard. The ribbon cutting with Mayor Carolyn Goodman and Councilman Bob Coffin will take place at 7:30 p.m. The public is invited to attend.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
If “Sex and the City” star Cynthia Nixon is going to unseat New York Governor Andrew Cuomo in a Democratic primary, she has a lot of ground to make up, according to a poll released Monday by Siena College. The new polling data was released the same day that the 51-year-old actress officially entered the race.
The 60-year-old Cuomo, who has been in office since 2011, holds a 66 to 19 percent lead over Nixon, the Siena poll shows. Among self-identified liberals, Cuomo has a 63 to 18 percent lead. Siena says Nixon performs slightly better among younger and upstate Democrats, but she does not have the support of more than 1/4 of either group.
“With an overall 20-19 percent favorability rating – 26-16 percent among Democrats – Cynthia Nixon is far from
a household name in New York, though she is better known than either Molinaro or DeFrancisco,” Siena pollster pollster Steven Greenberg said, referencing the Republican candidates for governor, Dutchess County Executive Marc Molinaro and State Senator John DeFrancisco. ““Looking at potential general election matchups, Cuomo has strong early leads over both declared but littl eknown Republicans, DeFrancisco and Molinaro. Cuomo has the support of more than 80 percent of Democrats against either, while two-thirds of Republicans would support either over Cuomo. Cuomo has the support of a small plurality of independents against either and strong support from downstate voters, while upstate voters are closely divided between Cuomo and either Republican.”
You can see more details from Siena below:
The polling was conducted before Nixon officially entered the race, but she has been rumored to be a potential candidate for several months. The polling took place between March 11 to March 16 and was conducted through telephone calls to 772 New York state registered voters. There is a margin of error of +/- 4 percent.
You can see the poll crosstabs below:
Nixon, who bills herself as a “progressive fighter,” on her campaign website, says in her campaign announcement, “Cynthia Nixon is a lifelong New Yorker, actor, and progressive advocate who is running for governor to fight for a better, more equal New York. Cynthia hasn't been bought and paid for by corporate interests, and won't be accepting any corporate contributions in this campaign. Cynthia grew up on the Upper West Side of Manhattan and in Yorkville, where she was raised by her single mother in a one bedroom, fifth-floor walk-up apartment. She is a proud graduate of New York public schools and an even prouder public school parent. Her three children, Sam, Charlie and Max, are all New York City public school students or graduates.”
I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor. Join us: https://t.co/9DwsxWW8xX pic.twitter.com/kYTvx6GZiD — Cynthia Nixon (@CynthiaNixon) March 19, 2018
Christine Marinoni, Nixon's wife, is a political activist. She recently left her job as a special advisor for community partnerships with the New York City Department of Education in anticipation of Nixon's gubernatorial campaign.
Nixon's campaign says she plans to spend the next several weeks traveling across the state to listen to voters. She is also potentially aiming for the endorsement of the New York Working Families Party, which backed Cuomo in 2014 after “a contentious internal debate,” according to CNN. The news network reports that Nixon could split state progressives who have clashed with Cuomo.
“Our endorsement in the Governor's race will be determined by our state committee, which is comprised of 232 labor, community and grassroots activists from across New York State,” New York WFP director Bill Lipton told CNN. “Stay tuned.”
In the 2014 primary, Cuomo defeated Zephyr Teachout by a margin of 62.9 to 33.5. Teachout, a Fordham law professor and progressive activist, is backing Nixon and will be her campaign treasurer.
“I think she's going to be the next governor,” Teachout told Spectrum News after Nixon's announcement. “This is in sort of post-Trump era where Democratic primary voters are totally paying attention. … I think over the next few months, people are actually going to get to know who she is. “I see this race about two totally different candidates.”
A spokesman for the Cuomo campaign said, “It's great that we live in a democracy where anyone can run for office. Governor Cuomo has delivered more real progressive wins than any other Democrat in the country, including passing marriage equality, the strongest gun safety law in the nation, a $15 minimum wage, free college tuition, paid family leave, record setting funding for public education, expanding and protecting healthcare for our most vulnerable, and banning fracking. We look forward to building on that record as we continue to fight and deliver for New York families statewide.”
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:37 Tax commissioner shows cramped quarters
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
1:08 Lorenzo Carter is excited for Dominick Sanders to return for senior season
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability, Liberty Bowl
2:15 Department of Labor: 'Overtime - it's about time'
Carmelo Anthony does not speak to media after loss to Hornets
Things may be coming to a head in Oklahoma City.
Brett Dawson of The Oklahoman reported on Monday that Thunder forward Carmelo Anthony left the locker room early without speaking to the media after the team's 116-103 loss to the Charlotte Hornets.
Carmelo Anthony left the locker room early and did not meet with reporters. — Brett Dawson (@BDawsonWrites) December 12, 2017
Anthony was held to just 11 points on 5-of-12 shooting in the loss, which dropped the Thunder to 12-14 on the season. Meanwhile, fellow star forward Paul George did speak to the media but hinted at some frustration and said that the team had to start playing better, per Royce Young of ESPN.
Paul George on where the Thunder stand 26 games in: “We can say we're going to figure it out, we can say all that, but at some point it's got to stop.” pic.twitter.com/Xva64h4Cwd — Royce Young (@royceyoung) December 12, 2017
26 games is a long time for a team with hopes of contending in the Western Conference to still be struggling, and it's becoming obvious that Anthony can't just simply deflect to stories about his time in New York anymore with regard to the rough sledding in OKC.
Shopping at Whole Foods Market stores could get a little cheaper for Bay Area shoppers who already shell out $119 per year for an Amazon Prime membership.
Starting Wednesday, Prime members will get an additional 10 percent off Whole Foods sale items plus weekly discounts on certain popular items.
The offer began in Florida Whole Foods stores earlier this month, but is now expanding across 12 states, including northern California, and into all Whole Foods Market 365 stores nationwide.
Since it closed on a deal to buy Whole Foods Market last summer, Amazon has worked to integrate the two companies. It immediately cut prices on some grocery products, announcing then that members of its Amazon Prime program would eventually see additional discounts and other benefits. The company also began installing Amazon lockers at Whole Foods, where customers can pick up online orders or process Amazon returns.
At the end of last year, Amazon also started rolling out branded “pop-up stores” inside various Bay Area Whole Foods, which allow shoppers to demo devices like the Amazon Echo, Echo Dot, Fire TV, Kindle e-readers, Fire tablets and other tech products and get information about Amazon services and Prime memberships from Amazon employees inside the grocery stores.
The latest Whole Foods discounts will also be available to Prime members who get their groceries delivered via Amazon's Prime Now program, which provides free two-hour delivery on orders over $35 in some markets, including San Francisco-area stores. Whole Foods Market officials say grocery delivery options will continue to expand this year.
While membership will give Whole Foods shoppers access to steeper discounts, Prime itself isn't cheap: Amazon recently raised the membership price to $119 per year from $99, a 20 percent jump.
This is amazing and is real. This Akwa Ibom man is aged 77 and performs amazing and surprising things such as pulling a car with his teeth and eating bottles. Super Sampson, The World Sampson or Super Dragon, as he is called is so strong that he cannot be pulled down by 15 men. Photos from his show held on 29th December, 2016 at his hometown; Ikot Eyo, Nsit Ubium L.G.A. are below.
Owoh Etukudo, a Facebook user who shared these photos wrote:
"Today I had the rare privilege to take this shot with The World Sampson Super Dragon who had gone far across the globe performing shows in major continent including Europe, Asia and England to mention but few, He has been in the system since 1960 -2000 and he is still active in service".
"World Sampson was/is still a personality, an Icon that is sort after wherever and whenever the name is mention, an indigene of Ikot Eyo in Nsit Ubium L.G.A, Aks.
"#World_Sampson was one among the highly placed icon like Tizan Esshiet, a world heavy weight boxing champion, #The_Mandators; a renounced reggae musician that made the list in the then 60's, 70's, 80's, 90's till late 2000's in the social atmosphere."
More pics below..
more @ http://www.exlinklodge.com/2017/01/meet-ikwa-ibom-superman-aged-77-pulls.html
cc dominique missyb3 mynd44 obinoscopy ishilove lalasticlala
The next time you buy a car, the dealer may ask if you want to buy, lease or subscribe. Subscribe? That's right: The auto-buying wave of the future may be getting a new car for every season.
And the trend is starting at a handful of dealers around the country.
One dealership offering this service says it's ideal for people who are quickly bored with their car, but can't afford to trade it in.
“You're going to have one monthly payment, but you are going to have access to over 20 different vehicles," said David Wyler, president of the Jeff Wyler Auto Group.
He says customers tell him they hate being stuck in the same car for four or five years, or more. With a subscription, he says, you have options.
"You get your choice of GMC Sierras, Jeep Wranglers, Jeep Cherokees, even some midline Mercedes-Benz cars and SUVs," he said.
New car for each season
For a lot of people, Wyler says, this would be a dream come true: an SUV for January, a convertible for the summer and if you need to move a student to college, a pickup truck for a couple of weeks.
Frank Wilson, the dealership's digital manager, says you can do it all from your smartphone, choosing the car you want that month, then waiting for it to be delivered to your home by valet (they also take the old one away).
Car buyer Brittany Meyer would love to swap out her Chrysler minivan.
"It's really cool, because you always want to try multiple different types of cars," she said. "Especially when you have a big car, sometimes you want a small car."
Costs and fine print
There's just one big downside: it's not cheap: $950 a month, double most car payments.
But it includes door-to-door service, all maintenance (you'll never pay for an oil change or tires) and, most importantly, they pay all insurance and taxes.
"You'll have full-coverage insurance, no matter what car you drive," Wyler explained, so that you don't have to readjust your insurance premium every couple of months based on what you are driving.
Wyler also points out that while $950 sounds like a lot of money, a five-year loan on a $50,000 SUV can cost $900 a month, if you don't make a hefty down payment. And insurance for many people is $100 a month.
We followed a valet taking a Mercedes SUV to the wife of a dealership employee, who was one of the first to sign up (and yes, they are paying the monthly fee).
"Oh, this is awesome," she said, as the SUV arrived at her home.
Trend of the future
Don't scoff: This could be how you drive a car 10 years from now.
Automotive News predicts many dealers will eventually offer a budget version, for about $400 or $500 a month. And Quartz says automakers like Volvo and Cadillac are already offering subscriptions of their own.
Budget-minded drivers in big cities are using the service Car2Go, where you just pay for a car when you need it.
Decide you are not happy with the car you just got? Decide you made a mistake? Just turn the car in and start over. That way you don't waste your money.
___________________
“Don't Waste Your Money” is a registered trademark of Scripps Media, Inc. (“Scripps”).
"Like" John Matarese on Facebook
Follow John on Twitter (@JohnMatarese)
For more consumer news and money saving advice, go to www.dontwasteyourmoney.com
Image copyright PA
The number of cars built in the UK in April rose 5.2% on the same month last year, the industry's trade body says.
Some 127,950 cars rolled off production lines, driven by investment in new models, the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders said.
However, last month's increase came off the back of a double-digit fall in production in April 2017.
SMMT boss Mike Hawes said the rise was not a surprise, and he again warned about Brexit's impact on the industry.
In April last year the timing of the Easter bank holiday hit output. For that reason, the SMMT chief executive said, last month's "growth isn't altogether surprising".
Manufacturing for both home and overseas markets rose by 7.3% and 4.7% respectively, with 103,662 cars built for export in April and accounting for 81.0% of production.
Despite April's rise, the picture so far this year is more gloomy.
Overall output is down 3.9%, with a total of 568,378 cars manufactured in the first four months. Four-fifths of these were exported, as domestic demand fell 10.3% against only a 2.2% decline in vehicles destined for export.
In March, the number of cars built fell 13.3% year-on-year.
The SMMT has warned that the industry is increasingly concerned about the progress of Brexit trade talks, and Mr Hawes returned to the theme on Thursday.
In a statement accompanying the production figures, he said April's rise was due to planned new model investment that "was made on the basis of the free and frictionless trade afforded by our EU membership".
Future growth of the UK car industry "depends upon maintaining these competitive conditions after Brexit", he added. "That's why it is critical that government acts to safeguard our participation in the EU customs union and single market."
BROUGHT TO YOU BY CUB FOODS and THE CHANHASSEN DINNER THEATERS!
Keyboard provided by Groth Music
GROTH MUSIC, family owned since 1939, come see Minnesota's largest variety of instruments'
6:10 THE BLENDER's
TIM KASPER, RYAN LANCE, ALLEN and DARREN RUST
For nearly 30 years, this dynamic quartet has been making holiday memories.
This year they released their 5th Christmas Album, “O HOLY NIGHT.” They have a matinee tomorrow afternoon at 2pm at the Pantages Theater, before heading to their hometown of FARGO for 8 shows, and also have a pair of dates in St. Cloud at the Paramount on Friday and Saturday, December 29th and 30th.
http://www.theblenders.com for more information on them!
____________________________________________________________________
6:35 pm STEVEN C (STEVEN ANDERSON)
Multi-platinum recording artist and pianist Steven C. Anderson will bring the music of the holidays to life – his holiday concerts offer a rare opportunity to catch the talented composer and recording artist in a live performance showcasing the rich tones of his 9-foot Bösendorfer grand piano – the Ferrari of pianos. Along with a host of traditional and original Christmas and seasonal selections
Thursday DEC 14 7:30 PM AT THE CATHEDRAL OF SAINT PAUL
Sunday, December 17, 2017 7pm at THE CHANHASSEN DINNER THEATER
And Monday DEC 18 7:00 PM at 7:00 PM St. Joseph's Catholic Church
http://www.stevencmusic.com for more information!
____________________________________________________________________
7:10 pm FRED STEELE
____________________________________________________________________
7:35 pm “SOUNDS OF BLACKNESS”
For NEARLY 50 years, THE SOUNDS OF BLACKNESS have been creating music that inspires and celebrating God and the Human Spirit….Gary D. Hines, has been the Music Director and Producer of the 3-time, Grammy Award-Winners….. Today he brings us a preview of what you will see at their annual Christmas Show
“THE NIGHT BEFORE CHRISTMAS-A MUSICAL FANTASY.” Saturday night, December 23rd at 8pm at THE FITZGERALD THEATER in St. Paul
For more information: http://www.soundsofblackness.com
__________________________________________________________________
8:10 pm MELODY MENDIS As Barbra Streisand
MELODY MENDIS IS AN INSPIRED AND VERSATILE VOCALIST, VOICE INSTRUCTOR AND VOICE OVER ACTRESS WHO ORIGINALLY HAILS FROM DETROIT, MICHIGAN AND NOW CALLS MINNEAPOLIS, MINNESOTA HOME. SHE PERFORMS A TREMENDOUS RANGE OF MUSIC INCLUDING, JAZZ, R&B, POP, BLUES. YOU'VE SEEN HER PERFORM IN TWIN CITIES BANDS, HIGH AND MIGHTY, BOOGIE WONDERLAND, R-FACTOR AND SEVERAL MORE. SHE HAS EVEN PERFORMED AND WRITTEN HER OWN CABARET INSPIRED ”ONE WOMAN SHOWS. ” AND TOMORROW AT 2, YOU CAN SEE HER LATEST FASCINATION….PERFOMRING AS THE LEGENDARY BARBARA STREISAND…….2PM AT THE CAMP BAR, IN “MELODY MENDIS: A BABS CHRISTMAS! ”
http://www.melodymendis.com
__________________________________________________________________
8:35 THE STEELE's JEARLYN, JAVETTA, FRED, BILLY and JD STEELE!
See them on Friday and Saturday, the 15th and 16th
CHRISTMAS WITH THE STEELE's -Fitzgerald Theater in St. Paul
And they will be performing at Orchestra Hall in April!
http://www.thesteelesmusic.com
To hear the PODCAST of the Show: CLICK HERE http://minnesota.cbslocal.com/audio/steele-talkin-with-jearlyn-steele/
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
Video
Jacob Rees-Mogg was at the University of West England when it happened.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
IF YOU VISIT Sweet Beat café in Sligo, like most other places of its ilk it will give you a straw in your drink.
But the straw won't be the plastic, one-use type of straw you're used to. Instead, it's made of stainless steel. It's reusable, won't rust, and it's supposed to last for years.
Sweet Beat is one of a number of Irish businesses that has shown it's possible to rethink how much – and what type of – waste your business creates.
And while the issue of coffee cups and recycling has been on the agenda of late, it's straws that have been slowly becoming the latest face of environmental change in Ireland.
Why is there such a focus on straws? According to the campaign group The Last Plastic Straw – which is a project run by the Plastic Pollution Coalition – in the USA they use 500 million straws a day. Enough to wrap the circumference of the earth 2.5 times.
Instead of biodegrading, plastic degrades into smaller and smaller pieces, explains The Last Plastic Straw. And these pieces get ingested by marine and land animals.
What about plastic straws that can be recycled? At the moment, Ireland is having issues with its plastic waste – China used to take 95% of it, but it has now stopped taking in imported plastic. Ireland is one of Europe's top five plastic waste offender, as we produce 61kg per person, per year.
So recycling isn't always the answer.
And a viral video showing a turtle having a plastic straw removed from its nose showed the impact that the 5.2 trillion pieces of trash in our oceans can have on wildlife.
We currently only give out on request and are looking to get rid entirely.
Because turtle. — Generator Dublin (@Gen_Dublin) January 29, 2018 Source: Generator Dublin /Twitter
That turtle influenced the Generator hostel in Dublin to only give out straws on request, and now it's looking to phase them out entirely.
It told us that from November of last year it started asking people if they wanted straws. “We won't be restocking,” it said.
The trend for bars going straw-less was also noticed by Publin.ie - a site about Dublin pubs – earlier this month, which highlighted how bars like Dublin's Whelan's had switched to compostables, or to only giving out compostable straws on request.
J.T Pims in Dublin has also removed its straws, replaced with compostable straws that are only available on request.
Putting your ethics where your mouth is
Sweet Beat was set up by Ballymaloe-trained Carolanne Rushe, after she returned to Ireland having spent time abroad. Her focus has always been on healthy, nourishing food, and serving plant-based food is influenced by her ethics. So it makes sense that other aspects of her work would be planet-friendly too.
When she sold her food at markets in South Africa, she used compostable packaging – travelling an hour into Johannesburg to pick up the items – and so when she opened Sweet Beat (which serves plant-based, vegan-friendly food), she wanted to do one better.
She initially used compostable straws, but she wasn't that happy with the situation. “It was always bugging me and recently I was on a trip to Berlin – my sister lives over there – and on the first day we were there I ordered a smoothie and the smoothie came with a stainless steel straw,” she tells TheJournal.ie.
She couldn't believe she hadn't thought of this idea herself. “This is so simple,” she thought. “It's much better for the environment and it saves us from having to buy straws all the time.”
Rushe was able to buy steel straws for her café, and their introduction was welcomed by Sweet Beat's customers. “We couldn't keep them in stock. People were coming in and buying them. It was great to see the reaction to straws being used,” she says.
At Christmas time I think nearly everyone in Sligo must have got one as a stocking filler.
The steel straws “look amazing – there is no nasty taste off them, and they don't rust. They are lifelong,” says Rushe. “I always think it's a really nice gift for people to get.”
Compostable straws have to be commercially composted, so you can put them in your brown bin but not in your home composter.
Rushe is hugely motivated to tread lightly on the planet. “Everyone's seen the video of the turtle getting a straw pulled out of his nose. It breaks my heart thinking I could be contributing to that,” she says.
At Sweet Beat they use recycled toilet paper, buy their soap in bulk, and serve up food with a low carbon footprint. They have their eye on being zero waste, and have even contacted suppliers to ask them can they reuse items and try not to use plastic when bringing in the day's vegetables or items.
Trickle down effect
They had “an amazing response” from suppliers, and Rushe feels that the effect will trickle down.
They are doing their bit. Once you put in your request it may go to the next person and next person. I am one person in a small café in one tiny part of Ireland but if I can make a little change that will help. Straws are a huge thing. I think it's time everyone stopped serving them or used something alternative.
“I remember reading before, that when the rubbish leaves your front door you forget about it but it's still out there,” she says. “I have to keep reminding myself of that.”
What does she say to people who ask: Why get rid of straws? “We explain to people that it's creating unnecessary waste, and when you say that to them they go ‘oh, that's right'. It's the same as a coffee cup – you use it for less than five minutes and then it goes in the bin.”
Sales of reusable coffee cups are high at Sweet Beat. But Rushe thinks that there's plenty of education still to be done when it comes to recycling in Ireland. “I think there should be education on how to recycle properly,” she says.
“We have straws that we reuse so we don't have to go and buy them which is a huge saving. There's all the different reasons for doing it but money saving is a bonus of it. It wouldn't be the main reason for it.”
“I think there's been so much publicity recently with the whole Blue Planet season 2 – ‘if David Attenborough says it, we should do it',” she says. “We offer a discount for reusable coffee cups and loads of people are coming in with their reusable cups. It's not just a trendy reusable cup. There's a lot of people paying attention now – hopefully it will grow.”
Phenomenal interest
John Lynch is the senior sales executive and organic recycling advisor with the Cork-based Down2Earth materials, which supplies compostable coffee cups, straws, and other items to food businesses in Ireland.
He told TheJournal.ie that while there are no recycling facilities for standard coffee cups or lids in Ireland, there are a number of commercial composting facilities.
Standard coffee cups can't be recycled because even though they are made of partly-recyclable materials, they also contain a layer of polyethylene or expanded polystyrene, while the lids are made of polystyrene – and we don't have the facilities to take the cups apart. In addition, food contaminates recyclable items.
Down2Earth believes the only solution for zero waste in food service is compostable products. For starters, they can be composted even if contaminated with food waste.
Down2Earth sources its compostable products from the company VegWare.
“I was in Seattle in 2004/5 and I spotted a lot of compostable material being used there,” explains Lynch of how it all began. “We spotted an opportunity in Ireland for food service packaging users to move away from non-recyclable products because everyone thinks their sandwich container or soup container can get food in it, but it can't.”
He said that conventional food packaging is usually made of oil, and oil-based plastic that's contaminated with food can't be recycled if it's not clean.
If you use a plant-based lining on the inside of your coffee cup, it can be composted with food waste. “Ireland is set up for a food waste campaign,” said Lynch. He pointed out under Ireland's commercial food waste regulations, commercial premises must segregate food waste and send it to be composted.
He said that their items get composted in Ireland within 90 days at commercial composting facilities, and then that compost goes on to be used on agricultural land, for example. In some locations, compost can be bought by members of the public.
“We need to be the first country in Ireland to move away from single-use plastics to compostable products,” said Lynch, adding that composting products is cheaper for business owners, typically by about 35 – 40%. (Waste companies might add their own margins to that.)
With regard to compostable straws, Lynch said that the company was “absolutely sold out before Christmas”.
The interest in compostable products has been “phenomenal” he said – to the point that Down2Earth hired four people this week and has another two about to come on board.
“It's been a huge success.”
Riders enjoyed round trips to both the St. Jude Rock ‘N' Roll Nashville Marathon in the morning, sponsored by Famous Footwear, followed by A Toast to Tennessee Wine Festival, sponsored by the Mt. Juliet Chamber of Commerce in the afternoon.
The Nashville Eastern Railroad pledged to donate $5 per rider. Between the two events, 296 riders boarded the train, and $1,480 was donated to the children of St. Jude Children's Research Hospital as a result.
“We are honored to have been a part of both events,” said Bill Drunsic with NERR. “When we learned the sponsors were donating ticket sales to St. Jude, we wanted to do our part, as well. We appreciate all the hard work of the county mayor's office, [Regional Transportation Alliance], St. Jude, Famous Footwear, Mt. Juliet Chamber of Commerce and everyone involved in the promotion of these events. The MCS was proud to transport folks to and from these events.”
Wilson County Mayor Randall Hutto said, “The Nashville Eastern Railroad does an outstanding job with the Music City Star, day in and day out. Their commitment to impeccable transit service is without measure. If you've never experienced a ride on the train, I encourage you do so. You can avoid parking fees and traffic, and it's just a great ride to and from Nashville.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jet2, Norwegian Air Shuttle and easyJet have emerged as the potential winners from the collapse of rival airline Monarch, with the trio of low-cost carriers in pole position to pick up the bust firm's landing slots.
The three airlines are among the strongest suitors for the carrier's take-off and landing spaces which span Manchester, Gatwick, Birmingham, Luton and Leeds-Bradford.
It comes as Jet2, the latest airline to enter the fray, announced on Friday it would add more than 550,000 summer seats to meet increased demand for flights at Birmingham, Manchester and Leeds-Bradford airports.
It means the Leeds-based carrier will now double the size of its fleet from four to eight at Birmingham Airport and add an extra two aircraft in Manchester.
(Image: PA)
Administrators KPMG have faced questions over whether it is permitted to sell the slots as it begins to try and recoup cash for creditors, or if they should be returned to a slot pool and allocated by Airport Coordination Limited.
A spokesman for KPMG said: "The legal advice the administrators have received is that they can sell the slots.
"We are now trying to establish the process at which we will sell them."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Monarch collapsed on Monday, leading to 1,858 workers being made redundant and the flights and holidays of about 860,000 people being cancelled.
Monarch's private equity owners - Greybull Capital - tipped the Luton-based carrier into administration, citing a highly-competitive market, terrorism and the collapse in the value of the pound as factors leading to its demise.
British Airways owner IAG and WizzAir are also said to be mulling moves for the defunct airline's take-off and landing spaces.
When it comes to the Strawberry Festival, there are many longtime Troy residents who would just as soon atomize it as patronize it.
Every year, you hear the same contingent of folks complaining that — much as it has for the better part of four decades — the Strawberry Festival is returning. Many of these folks actually pack up their belongings and make themselves scarce during the first weekend in June.
I am not one of those people.
I'll admit it — I'm a bona fide Strawberry Festival addict. I love the thing. I enjoy the opportunity to get out there and see people I haven't seen in years. It's kind of like going to church at Christmas or Easter — you know the people there haven't gone anywhere; you just haven't seen them in the past year. I love the attention it brings to the town I love. I love the pageantry.
And mostly, I love pork tenderloin sandwiches and strawberry doughnuts.
That is not to say, however, that our beloved Troy Strawberry Festival is perfect. And while the festival has provided me with some of the greatest moments of my life — have I ever mentioned that before I retired from the sport, I was a two-time Strawberry Festival bed race champion? — it has provided me with a few low moments as well.
Since I've written reams of articles pointing out all that is good with the Strawberry Festival, in the interests of equal time and full disclosure, I thought it would be only fair to point out my personal Top Three (Bottom Three?) Low Moments in Festival History:
1) Fire the cannons: I was at the first Strawberry Festival in 1977. At the time, my late father was working in the purchasing department at the Friendly's Ice Cream headquarters in Troy. Given that the world headquarters were located in Troy, Friendly's had a huge presence at the first festival, dishing out thousands of Strawberry Fribble milkshakes.
You know what else was at the first Strawberry Festival? Cannons. As a part of the festival, cannons were being launched every hour or so to help celebrate. I'm sure many people thought the cannons were a grand idea. As a 4 year old who was scared of loud noises, I was not a fan. I was so petrified of loud noises — to this day, I still don't care for them — that my parents couldn't take me to a fireworks display until I was well into elementary school.
At that first festival, my mother took me to visit my father at the Friendly's booth, where Dad was working, and ordered me the biggest Fribble possible. As we were walking along the levee, I had barely taken a sip when the cannons were fired. I immediately jumped in the air, spilling the entire contents of my massive Fribble all over the front of me.
I hope they never bring cannons back to the Strawberry Festival.
2) I hate a parade: One of the best parts about the now-defunct Strawberry Festival parade was the fact many of the parade participants threw out handfuls of candy to the crowd. To me, this was — by far — the best part of the festival. I would leave the parade every year with my pockets loaded down with enough candy to last me through the rest of the summer.
One year, while watching the festival, I was elated to see two gentlemen pushing wheelbarrows along the parade route.
“Look at that!” I said to my mother. “I bet they must have a ton of candy in there. They have so much they have to pass it out with shovels.”
“David,” my mother politely informed me, “those guys are following the horses in the parade. They are picking up the horse poop and putting in the wheelbarrow.”
My older brothers and sister have yet to let me live that moment down.
3) All about the trophy: It used to be that if you won an event during the festival, they brought you back on Saturday night for a trophy presentation in the Troy High School auditorium. My brothers and sister always won trophies at these competitions (I never did … but did I mention the TDN won the bed races twice?) and we had to attend this ceremony.
One year, near the end of the ceremony, storms rolled in (which they pretty much always do at some point during the festival, it seems). They made an announcement that a tornado had been spotted near Troy and those at the ceremony should remain in the high school where it was safe.
Unfortunately, my older brother Steven had already taken his Super Kids Competition trophy and headed down to the family station wagon before this announcement was made. My mother sent my father down the hill to the car to retrieve my brother and bring him back to safety.
Halfway up the hill, with a tornado and certain doom bearing down on Troy, my father noticed something was missing.
“Where's your trophy?” he asked my brother as dark storm clouds swirled up above.
“I left it in the car,” Steven replied.
My dad made him go back and get his trophy out of the car and bring it back into the high school.
Enjoy the festival this year, Trojans. And be sure to keep your trophies safe at all times.
Troy's very own David Fong appears on Thursdays in the Troy Daily News. Contact him at dfong@troydailynews.com; follow him on Twitter @thefong
A reduction to its 2018 outlook this early in the year is awkward against a backdrop of accelerating industrial growth.
It's trial by fire for 3M Co.'s CEO-in-waiting.
The maker of everything from Post-it notes to teeth polishers on Tuesday cut its 2018 earnings and organic growth forecast after a disappointing first-quarter operating performance. That's jarring because Chief Operating Officer Michael Roman, who will succeed Inge Thulin as CEO in July, just last month reaffirmed 3M's call for a 3 percent to 5 percent boost in core sales, even as he tamped down expectations for the first quarter. It's a sharp contrast to the brightened outlooks from Honeywell International Inc. and United Technologies Corp., which also reported earnings on Tuesday. I mean, even General Electric Co. kept its 2018 targets intact ( for now.)
Unfortunate Surprise 3M plunged as much as 7 percent after lowering its 2018 outlook. It's surprising to see a cut so early in the year when others are raising guidance Source: Bloomberg
First-quarter earnings per share at 3M were roughly in line with analysts' reduced expectations, but that's largely because of the benefit of a lower-than-expected tax rate. RBC analyst Deane Dray flagged a miss in operating profit for the health-care and consumer units and higher-than-anticipated corporate and interest costs. The company's position as a supplier to other industrial companies and a seller of consumer goods often makes it a leading indicator of trends to come. Its latest struggles will raise questions about the durability of accelerating industrial growth and that of the broader economy.
3M attributed its weakened organic sales outlook to a slow start in the automotive after-market. Faltering demand for smartphones, which has an impact on the display materials the company provides for that industry, is also a factor. Energy-related sales declined 2 percent in the first quarter.
Read Between the Lines 3M's first-quarter numbers were in line with analysts' estimates but benefited from a lower tax rate. A disappointing operating performance in some units is factoring into the lower outlook. Source: Bloomberg
The challenges in the automotive market may raise a new set of questions about the competitive threat posed by Amazon.com Inc. Investors had previously been concerned about price pressure in 3M's consumer business from the internet giant. But Amazon has also been pushing into sales of automotive parts and accessories, as well as industrial distribution. Meanwhile, 3M stands to get caught in the cross hairs of a potential trade war with China. The company gets about 10 percent of its revenue from the country and is a net exporter from the U.S., according to Dray.
That said, 3M is still growing and saw gains in all of its main businesses. The sky isn't falling. The bigger takeaway for 3M in particular may be a question of credibility. Roman has been caught in a tangle of overpromising and under-delivering before he's even officially ascended to the CEO job. That's not really his fault. There's a reason companies use outgoing CEOs to deliver bad news and take the blow for misplaced optimism. You want to give new leaders a fresh slate. Maybe someone at 3M should have thought about that.
(AP) – It was a rough day for the already-roiled U.S. health insurance market: One giant merger was abandoned, another is threatened by infighting, and a major insurer announced it will stop selling coverage on public exchanges in 11 states.
Both merger deals had already been rejected by federal regulators and judges, but the companies were considering appeals to those decisions. Now they both appear to be off.
Aetna said it was abandoning its planned $34 billion purchase of Medicare Advantage provider Humana early Tuesday. Then, later in the day, Cigna said it is suing Anthem to kill a $48 billion acquisition bid.
The deals were conceived as a way to help the insurers increase their enrollment and cut down on expenses in part so they could improve their performances on the Affordable Care Act's public insurance exchanges. Big insurers have been hit with substantial losses from the exchanges, even though they represent a relatively small part of their overall business. Many have already cut back their offerings, and that has slashed customer choices in markets around the country.
The collapse of one deal and the uncertain future of the other could hurt shoppers on the exchanges next year by leaving them with even fewer options and potentially higher prices.
Humana told investors late Tuesday that it was abandoning it exchanges in all 11 of its states as of the beginning of next year.
Humana, based in Louisville, Kentucky, was the only insurer on exchanges in 16 Tennessee counties, according to data compiled at the start of the 2017 open enrollment period by the Associated Press and health care consulting firm Avalere. That means customers in those counties may have no way to buy coverage with help from government tax credits next year unless another insurer decides to enter those markets.
Every exchange in the U.S. had at least one insurer selling coverage on it for 2017, according to Larry Levitt of the nonprofit Kaiser Family Foundation, which studies health care issues.
Morningstar insurance analyst Vishnu Lekraj said it's possible all the four insurers involved in the deals could leave the exchanges.
Aetna Chairman and CEO Mark Bertolini raised that possibility months ago. He said that if his company's planned, was blocked, “we believe it is very likely that we would need to leave the public exchange business entirely,” according to court documents filed in that case.
Aetna, based in Hartford, Connecticut, says it lost $450 million last year on ACA-compliant coverage, while the company booked an overall profit of $2.27 billion. Its loss on ACA-compliant business was $100 million more than it expected.
Bertolini said recently that his company would announce by April 1 whether it will remain in any of its exchanges. “We're looking at everything,” he said.
Government and industry officials have said President Donald Trump's administration and congressional Republicans are weighing measures to stabilize the wobbly exchanges. Insurers have been pushing them to act soon.
“The clock is definitely ticking for the Trump administration to provide some clarity around what the rules will be,” Levitt said.
In suing to end its tie-up, Cigna, based in Bloomfield, Connecticut, said it wants more than $13 billion in damages from its onetime-companion Anthem, the Blue Cross-Blue Shield insurer, which is based in Indianapolis.
Cigna says it is seeking a $1.85 billion termination fee from Anthem and billions more in damages for what it says were Anthem's breaches of the merger agreement.
The insurer says the damages include the amount Cigna shareholders would have received if the merger had not failed. It noted that Anthem assumed full responsibility for litigation strategy and getting the necessary regulatory approvals, suggesting that it was Anthem's responsibility to push the deal through.
“Cigna fulfilled all of its contractual obligations and fully cooperated with Anthem throughout the approval process,” the insurer said in a statement.
An Anthem spokeswoman says Cigna has no right to end the deal, and it remains committed to closing the transaction. The insurer had just filed on Monday paperwork to appeal the federal court ruling.
Anthem and Aetna put their acquisition bids together in 2015 and touted them as a way to grow enrollment and reap savings that they would then pass on to consumers.
The deal would have given Aetna the opportunity to significantly expand its presence in Medicare Advantage coverage, which involves privately run versions of the federal Medicare program for people who are over 65 or disabled.
But the Department of Justice had sued last summer to stop the deals, due to concerns about how they may affect prices and consumer choices. Federal judges then rejected the acquisitions in separate rulings filed earlier this year.
The deals would have combined four of the nations' five largest insurers. UnitedHealth Group is the largest.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
NEW YORK - U.S. film and TV studio The Weinstein Company, whose ex-Chairman Harvey Weinstein has been accused of sexual harassment and assault, said on Monday it filed for bankruptcy with an offer from with an affiliate of private equity firm Lantern Capital Partners to acquire its assets.
The studio's bankruptcy comes after it spent months looking for a buyer or investor. The company inked a deal with an investor group led by former Obama administration official Maria Contreras-Sweet, but the group terminated its offer earlier this month after seeing that the company had more liabilities than previously disclosed.Weinstein Co said in a statement it entered into a "stalking horse" agreement with a Lantern Capital affiliate, that would purchase substantially all of the assets of the company.More than 70 women accused the company's co-founder, Harvey Weinstein, who was one of Hollywood's most influential men, of sexual misconduct, including rape. Weinstein has denied having non-consensual sex with anyone.Movie producer Killer Content also said bankruptcy would be the best option for the company, and that it may be interested in the studio's assets in a bankruptcy auction.In February, New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman sued the Weinstein Company, Harvey Weinstein and his brother Bob Weinstein, alleging that Harvey Weinstein sexually harassed employees and the company failed to respond. Bob Weinstein co-founded the company and is the co-chairman.Launched in October 2005, the studio produced and distributed critically acclaimed hits including "The King's Speech" and "Silver Linings Playbook," as well as TV series such as long-running fashion reality competition "Project Runway."
Leke Baiyewu, Abuja Budget padding, which marred the 2016 Appropriation Bill, appears to be rearing its head again in the 2017 budget estimates as the Senate Committee on Housing and Urban Development has alleged the presence of a strange vote in one of the estimates. On Tuesday, the Minister of Power, Works and Housing, Mr. […]
The post Budget: Fashola disowns N2bn voted for regional housing scheme appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
In honor of this versatile treat, National Donut Day is celebrated Friday. On that day, donut joints across the nation honor the holiday by giving out free and discounted donuts and offering limited-time menu items.
Donut Day Survey
In addition to rounding up a list of great deals, we also surveyed 1,000 consumers via Google Surveys to learn which donut types – and donut chains – are Americans' favorites.
Favorite donut type
When it comes to favorite types of donut, glazed donuts are the clear winner, with 45 percent of consumers saying this classic variety is their go-to donut. Boston cream comes in second, followed by jelly and sprinkles.
Favorite donut chain
When it comes from favorite spots to grab a donut, plenty of Americans prefer their local neighborhood donut shops, according to our survey. Still, the large chains are loved in many states:
Krispy Kreme is beloved in southern states such as Alabama, New Mexico, Arkansas and South Carolina.
Many northeastern states such as New York, Pennsylvania and New Jersey prefer Dunkin' Donuts.
A few states are unique when it comes to their favorite donut shop. North Dakota prefers Tim Hortons, while Mississippi can't get enough Shipley Donuts. Georgia is tied between Krispy Kreme and Dunkin' Doughnuts.
See Tennessee's most popular donut shop in the map.
National Donut Day deals
Savings specialist have rounded up a comprehensive list of all the places you can score Donut Day deals and specials.
Note that participation may vary by location and franchise. Be sure to call ahead to make sure these deals are being offered in your area.
Dunkin' Donuts: Get a free classic donut of your choice with the purchase of any beverage Friday. The classic-donut lineup includes favorites like Boston Kreme, glazed and Strawberry Frosted with Sprinkles.
Entenmann's: Enter the sweepstakes to win the National Donut Day contest. One winner will receive $5,000, Entenmann's branded gear and a one-year supply of donuts. Four runners-up will receive $1,000 and a one-year supply of donuts.
Krispy Kreme: On Friday, get one free doughnut of your choice. No purchase is necessary.
Untested India favourites as teams tussle for title
ESPNcricinfo – Big Picture
You don't need a New Zealand visa if you're an Australian. There are also separate immigration queues at the airports for Australian passport holders. Both countries have a union jack on their flags.
You don't need a local sim card, because Australian telecom providers offer flexible pay-per-use deals owing to proximity. The hiking trails, sporting culture and the weather patterns mean Australia are at a home away from home.
Yet, when they take on India in the Under-19 World Cup final in Mount Manganui, they will feel like an away team playing in Mohali. Tauranga's Punjabi community of 4000 people, the biggest in New Zealand, will have their dhols and drums ready to add colour to a festive Saturday afternoon. The ground can hold 8000 people, and the organisers are hoping to have the venue more than half-full.
Outside Australia's travelling group of parents, there is unlikely to be too much fan support for the 11 players, who will look to challenge untested India in their bid for their first Under-19 World Cup since Mitchell Marsh led them to the title in 2010. Prior to that, they had won in 1988 and 2002. India, too, are three-time winners, and last won in 2012 under Unmukt Chand. Two years ago in Bangladesh, they lost to West Indies in the final after dominating the group stages.
The similarities between the two, however, go beyond just the number of titles won. Both have a star-studded support cast: Chris Rogers and Ryan Harris for Australia; Rahul Dravid for India. Both captains – Jason Sangha and Prithvi Shaw – have set age-related first-class records. It is when you dig into team specifics that the similarities become hard to find.
India's openers are in form; Australia are sweating over the poor form of one of their gun openers – Max Bryant. India has two allrounders in Anukul Roy and Kamlesh Nagarkoti, as opposed to Australia, who just have Will Sutherland. Barring Ishan Porel, India haven't had too many injury concerns, while Australia have been forced to mix and match. Jason Ralston was ruled out, and now Aaron Hardie, his replacement, has also joined him on the sidelines with a groin injury. In their absence, Zak Evans and Ryan Hadley will form their new-ball attack.
This is a clash between a highly skilled side that has prepared in every condition possible, against a side that has the best sporting system and has produced match-winners by truckloads. That Australia are here is because Lloyd Pope gatecrashed an England party that was ready to take off. They would have to play out of their skins to repeat that against India on Saturday.
In the spotlight
Rahul Dravid generally doesn't talk up individuals, at least not during a tournament such as the World Cup, which is why it was surprising to see him effusively praise 16-year old Riyan Parag, the top-order batsman who bowls handy offspin. “He was in phenomenal form, hitting it so beautifully in the build-up,” Dravid said. “It's just unfortunate he got injured and then has taken a while to come into his batting groove. He'll come good.”
Parag didn't start the tournament because of a finger injury, and made the XI only for the final group game against Zimbabwe. Since returning, he has had two low scores but has consistently chipped in with the ball. The final may not be a bad time to repay the coach's faith with the bat.
Jack Edwards has been talked up as one of the best players of spin in this Australian set-up. He'll potentially be up against four spinners in the final. He made 73 in the opening game against India, and then trailed off until he hit a crucial, counter-attacking 72 in the semi-final against Afghanistan. Can he continue to surge in the final?
Team news
India is unlikely to tinker with their XI, despite the middle order not having played to full potential yet. Parag is yet to come into his own, while Harvik Desai has just one half-century from a low-pressure chase against Zimbabwe. Barring any last-minute injuries, all players pick themselves.
Nathan McSweeney's only impactful knock – 156 against Papua New Guinea – came as an opener. With Max Bryant having scored just 93 runs in five innings, there's perhaps a case for Australia to make a swap.
Pitch and conditions
It has been stormy in Mount Manganui. For two successive days, the pitch was under covers. Bright sunshine on match-eve has allowed the curators to add final touches to their preparation. In its short history, The Bay Oval has hosted a number of high-scoring matches. Since it does not have Test status yet, pitches have generally been tailored for short-form cricket. India made 328 when these two sides played in their opening game three weeks ago. Expect today to be no different.
Microsoft Releases Updates To Mitigate Intel's Flawed Chip Fixes
Intel's first attempt at mitigating two major vulnerabilities in its microprocessors led to PC reboot and behavior problems, so Microsoft has come out with Windows patches to fix Intel's fixes.
Microsoft's updates are aimed at Windows Server users as well as consumers with Windows 7, 8.1 and 10. Designed to prevent problems related to Intel's flawed patches for the Spectre vulnerability, the Microsoft fixes must be downloaded manually from the company's Windows Update catalog. They do not apply to Meltdown, the other major Intel chip bug.
Following reports of issues with its initial fixes, Intel last week advised hardware and software vendors and partners to stop rolling out those patches to customers. Microsoft's patches are designed to resolve problems in machines that have already received the Intel patch and to prevent unpatched devices from installing Intel's patch.
While year-end financial results released last week show Intel enjoyed record earnings in 2017, the company could yet see long-term fallout from the Spectre and Meltdown hardware bugs. Further fallout could likely be in relation to reports that Intel CEO Brian Krzanich sold millions of dollars' worth of personal stock before the public was made aware of the vulnerabilities, and that Intel notified a select group of customers, including Chinese tech firms, about the bugs before informing U.S. officials.
Software and Firmware Updates Required
Upon announcing its patches on Friday and Saturday, Microsoft said affected customers will also need to deploy processor microcode, or firmware, updates through their device manufacturers. Microsoft added that it was also working on mitigations to prevent Intel-related problems with its Internet Explorer and Edge Web browsers.
"While Intel tests, updates, and deploys new microcode, we are making available an out of band update today, KB4078130, that specifically disables only the mitigation against CVE-2017-5715 -- 'Branch target injection vulnerability,'" Microsoft said in its patch announcement. "In our testing, this update has been found to prevent the behavior described."
Intel's initial patch for Spectre was found to causes unexpected reboots and "other unpredictable system behavior" in some devices that could also lead to corruption or loss of data.
Intel is "working around the clock to ensure we are addressing these issues," Navin Shenoy, executive vice president and general manager of Intel's Data Center Group, said in an update last week.
Questions about Who Intel Notified of Bugs
In other developments related to Spectre and Meltdown, which also affect many CPUs made by ARM and AMD, The Wall Street Journal reported yesterday that Intel's initial disclosures about the vulnerabilities were made to "a small group of customers, including Chinese technology companies, but left out the U.S. government."
Even before that news emerged, Intel and other technology companies were already under scrutiny for working quietly behind the scenes to resolve the chip-level flaws without notifying the public. On Wednesday, members of the U.S. House Energy and Commerce Committee sent letters to Intel, Amazon, AMD, ARM, Apple, Google, and Microsoft expressing concern about "the information embargo instituted by the limited number of companies originally informed about the vulnerabilities in June 2017."
Several different groups of independent researchers discovered Spectre and Meltdown last year, but their work was not publicly disclosed until earlier this month. However, there is no evidence to date that either vulnerability has been exploited by hackers in the wild, according to Intel, Microsoft, and other companies.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Caterpillar Inc. is leading industrial companies toward something that equity bulls have been hoping for: Better-than-expected earnings and a rally in share prices.
It's the kind of reaction that has been mostly elusive since banks kicked off the reporting season about two weeks ago. Profits are running ahead of analyst estimates, but stocks are getting no reward. And when they miss, chipmakers and consumer staples did, they're punished even harder.
Companies that produce heavy equipment and machinery are the shining stars so far in what otherwise would have been a depressing earnings season. With the broader industrial economy climbing out of a multi-year slowdown, firms such as Textron Inc. have bounced back with strong results and an upbeat outlook. Their stocks rose an average 1.2 percent on the first day post results, compared with declines of more that 2 percent for tech and consumer staples.
Their buoyancy was on display Tuesday as Caterpillar jumped as much as 4.6 percent after raising its outlook for the year on continued strength for construction in North America and infrastructure in China. In aerospace, United Technologies Corp. boosted its forecast on the back of the “strongest first-quarter organic-growth rate” in seven years and the stock climbed as much as 3.1 percent.
Without industrials, it would have been another lousy earnings day, considering Google's parent Alphabet Inc. fell as much as 4 percent despite better-than-expected profits.
The good news from industrial peers brought relief to an industry where stocks had been hurt most by trade war-related concerns. Before this month, the group fell 2 percent this year, almost double the loss in the S&P 500.
Expectations were also low for many heading into the reporting season. For instance, analysts had warned General Electric Co. might cut its guidance. Its stock surged almost 4 percent Friday as the firm reaffirmed its full-year outlook.
“There is a possibility that all of the concerns about the trade war are not going away, but for now they don't seem to be filtering through,”said Mark Kepner, managing director and equity trader at Themis Trading LLC in Chatham, New Jersey. “That's a good sign: when you think about the economy that's doing well, you would think about the industrials doing well.”
— With assistance by Elena Popina
Follow @insidefutbol
Harry Wilson is determined to do well at Liverpool this season and the club's fans want him to get an opportunity to do so.
The winger spent the second half of last season on loan at Hull City, scoring seven goals in 14 games and is looking to kick on this term. Wilson told Liverpool's official site: "I've got a lot of confidence and belief that this season can be my season."
The 21-year-old, who watched the team reach the Champions League final, believes that the club can 'go one step further' in the coming season. Twitter user, Le Sports fan called him 'brilliant, while Alex Lloyd gave him some encouragement.
I like Harry Wilson a lotta. I hope he makes it. He is brilliant. — Le Sports Fan (@LeSportsFan1) July 4, 2018
Yes Harry, show them what you can do 💪🏻 — Alex Lloyd (@Alexlloyd1995) July 4, 2018
Reds fan Steven Armstrong is convinced that Wilson will 'deliver the goods', calling him a 'future LFC captain'.
Mark my words LFC,use harry Wilson this season and im 100% convinced that he will deliver the goods. A future LFC captain in the making for sure. — Steven Armstrong (@LFCMETALHEAD) July 4, 2018
Meanwhile, Dkop thinks Wilson 'deserves' the chance to the play in the first team at the Merseyside club.
I really want to see Harry Wilson given the chance he deserves and has earnt to play in the red of Liverpools first team this season! YNWA — Dkop (@dkop_darrenbrk) July 4, 2018
Chilekwa on the other hand believes that the Wilson will 'burn up the premiership' like his namesake and England captain Harry Kane.
Joshua Jackson gave him the moniker of 'magnificient Welsh beast', while Dehreal called him 'superb'.
Another Harry about to burn up the premiership. — Chilekwa. (@chilekwa_mumbi) July 4, 2018
He should get the chance. He's brilliant. Magnificent Welsh beast — joshua jackson (@joshjackson409) July 4, 2018
Gold futures slumped Thursday, building on a retreat that started Wednesday afternoon as the Federal Reserve raised interest rates and sounded determined to hike again this year.
August gold GCQ7, -1.25% fell by $15.20, or 1.2%, to $1,260.70 an ounce, while July silver SIN7, -1.87% dropped by 31 cents, or 1.8%, to $16.83 an ounce. Gold is on track for its lowest settlement since May 25, according to FactSet data.
The precious metal often drops when rates rise, as some investors back away from the metal because it doesn't pay interest.
Fed Chairwoman Janet Yellen and her colleagues laid out a plan to shrink the central bank's massive $4.5 trillion balance sheet starting this year, as they raised a key U.S. interest rate. The pair of moves reflect the Fed's view that a U.S. economic expansion now entering its ninth year no longer needs as much propping up.
Read: Inflation is right around the corner, Yellen insists
Analysts said the rate hike was fully expected, but the central bank's more hawkish tone was somewhat surprising.
“Simply put, the Fed is just fearless, and they are not afraid of turning up the heat. Hence there is another rate hike on the table for this year,” said Naeem Aslam, chief market analyst at ThinkMarkets UK, in a note.
A key dollar index DXY, +0.38% traded higher Thursday, boosted by the Fed's hawkish signals. That also was weighing on gold, as the commodity is priced in dollars, and a stronger buck makes the metal pricier to buy for holders of other currencies.
On Wednesday, gold settled higher, but then fell in electronic trade following the Fed news.
September palladium PAU7, -0.69% shed $5.50, or 0.6%, to $849.30 an ounce.
Wow Wednesday's Deal Of The Day!!
$0 Down and $323 per month.
Come down to Henderson Ford at 810 Ridge Rd. Webster, N.Y. or call 787-1700 for more details on this wow of a deal.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
At large family gatherings, Brett Schwanbeck, 61, was the fun uncle to hang out with, his niece Carla Van Hoosen told the Las Vegas Review-Journal. Van Hoosen described him as the kind of guy "who would drive 500 miles if you needed him to help you."
Schwanbeck attended the festival with his fiance, who escaped without injury. His youngest son, Shawn Schwanbeck, said that his father loved the outdoors and took the family on frequent camping and hunting trips. "My dad was the funnest guy in the world to be around," Shawn said.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Along with the classic guacamole and salsa, nachos, wings and pizza, you can drop a few plant-based snack options onto your Super Bowl buffet.
Mexican Grilled Cheese with “cheddar”, spinach and smoky chipotle-lime dip
What you need:
2 tbsp. olive or avocado oil-heart health
8 or more 8-inch whole-wheat wraps (do your best to avoid white flour)
12 ounces sliced low-fat cheddar cheese-(substitute non-dairy GRATED Daiya Cheddar cheese)
Fresh baby spinach leaves
Ground flax seed-FIBER, omega-3 EFA
1 tsp. or more smoke chipotle powder
Chipotle dip
Preheat a large skillet on medium heat. Then oil one side of a wrap.
Place the oil-side down onto the skillet; then top with grated cheese, a sprinkle of flax seed, chipotle powder, and a handful of spinach leaves.
Fold it over to make half-moon shape.
Grill slowly until lightly brown and then flip over. Continue until both sides are golden and the cheese is melted. Do the same with the remaining wraps and cheese.
Allow sandwiches to slightly cool.
Cut into triangles, dip and enjoy.
For the dip:
1/2 cup mayonnaise (Hain Brand Grapeseed oil is what we use-Omega-6 EFA's)
½ cup plain Greek yogurt 2 chipotle peppers in adobo, minced (with sauce)
1 tbsp. grated lime zest
1 tbsp. fresh lime juice
Himalayan salt to taste
Mix together in bowl and let set for several hours for flavors to bloom
The Vegas Golden Knights will play the Winnipeg Jets for a spot in the Stanley Cup Finals. (Photo: AP)
The Vegas Golden Knights will play the Winnipeg Jets for a spot in the Stanley Cup Finals.
The National Hockey League released the schedule for the 2018 Stanley Cup Playoffs' Western Conference Finals Tuesday.
Game 1: Saturday May 12, Golden Knights at Winnipeg 4 p.m. PT on NBC.
Game 2: Monday May 14, Golden Knights at Winnipeg 5 p.m. PT on NBCSN.
Game 3: Wednesday May 16, Jets at Vegas 6 p.m. PT on NBCSN.
Game 4: Friday May 18, Jets at Vegas 5 p.m. PT on NBCSN.
*Game 5: Sunday May 20, Golden Knights at Winnipeg 12 p.m. PT on NBCSN.
*Game 6: Tuesday May 22, Jets at Vegas 6 p.m. PT on NBCSN.
*Game 7: Thursday May 24, Vegas at Jets 5 p.m. PT on NBCSN.
(*Games 5-7 are if necessary)
It is both teams' first ever appearance in the Western Conference Finals.
The Eastern Conference Finals feature the Tampa Bay Lightning against the Washington Capitals. Their Game 1 begins May 11 in Tampa.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Former Nielsen and comScore Executive to Help Build Upon Accelerated Growth
SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - NinthDecimal, the marketing platform powered by location data, today announced it has appointed Manish Bhatia, one of the media industry's leading executives, to its board of directors. Bhatia brings one of the most successful industry track records of identifying, building and managing successful digital data businesses globally with more than 20 years of experience.
"Manish adds an unprecedented level of industry knowledge and expertise to our board of directors," said Michael Fordyce, CEO of NinthDecimal. "His keen understanding of market demand and trends will be invaluable as we scale the strong business growth we achieved in 2016 into 2017 and beyond. His experience leading successful, large sales and product organizations will also be a great resource to our executive team as we look to expand our operations to meet strong customer demand for NinthDecimal media, data and measurement solutions."
NinthDecimal recently announced it had more than 70 percent customer growth in 2016 fueled by its data and measurement lines of business. As a member of NinthDecimal's board of directors, Bhatia will play a key advisory role in furthering NinthDecimal's direction as a high-growth marketing platform. Bhatia's deep background in measurement and product development, having built the industry standards for digital and TV, is a strong complement in providing strategic guidance to NinthDecimal's expansion into offline attribution solutions for linear, addressable and connected TV.
"I'm honored and excited to be joining the NinthDecimal board during this amazing time of growth," Bhatia said. "The team's innovation in leveraging location data to bridge digital channels with traditional media, especially TV, is creating a major shift in how brands reach and engage their target audiences. I'm looking forward to contributing to NinthDecimal's ongoing growth and success as they continue to play a major role in the industry's move toward people-based marketing."
Bhatia joins five other NinthDecimal board members representing a variety of tech and advertising experience across the marketing and advertising technology industries.
About Manish Bhatia
Bhatia is currently the CEO of the North American business of Kantar Media, a global leader in media intelligence. He has held several senior executive and officer roles throughout his career. He recently served as chief product officer at comScore, leading the product organization responsible for driving strategy and product development for the company's TV and digital product portfolio globally, including cross-media audience and advertising measurement. During his tenure with comScore, Bhatia also helped clients around the world maximize the value of their digital investments as chief revenue officer. Before joining comScore, Bhatia was EVP of new product innovation at Arbitron, where he played a key role in the company's acquisition by Nielsen. Prior to comScore, he was CEO of Symphony Advanced Media, where he led Silicon Valley private equity firm Symphony Technology Group's (STG) advanced media strategy and investments via acquisitions and new product development. Earlier in his career, Bhatia was president of Nielsen Online US and held other key senior level executive positions throughout the company as well.
About NinthDecimal
NinthDecimal is the marketing platform powered by location data. It harnesses this data to build a precise understanding of consumers' physical world behavior. Fortune 500 companies and marquee brands activate this customer intelligence through audience targeting, measurement, insights and data licensing solutions. By filling the gap in understanding how consumers spend the majority of their time, NinthDecimal provides marketers a new model of the customer journey for impactful engagement.
NinthDecimal processes trillions of data points from over 135 million unique devices every month to power its product suite. Location Graph™ is the most precise audience intelligence technology in the market. Location Conversion Index™ (LCI™) is the leading offline attribution solution with over 200 integrated media and advertising partners. NinthDecimal's unique household to device matching capability bridges online and offline data, powering omnichannel offerings that include partnerships with leading companies. NinthDecimal has been recognized as one of the most rapidly growing, innovative companies.
Follow NinthDecimal on Twitter (@NinthDecimal) and like us on Facebook. Learn more at NinthDecimal.com.
MISSISSAUGA, ON--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Chartwell Retirement Residences ("Chartwell") (TSX: CSH.UN) announced today a cash distribution of $0.048 per Trust Unit. The cash distribution will be payable on May 15, 2017 to unitholders of record on April 28, 2017.
Unitholders can participate in Chartwell's Distribution Reinvestment Plan ("DRIP"). Eligible investors registered in the DRIP will have their monthly cash distributions used to purchase Trust Units, and will also receive bonus units equal to 3% of their monthly cash distributions. DRIP offers unitholders the opportunity to steadily increase their ownership in Chartwell without incurring any commission or brokerage fees. Complete details of the DRIP are available on Chartwell's website at www.chartwell.com or from a unitholder's investment advisor.
About Chartwell:
Chartwell is an unincorporated, open-ended trust which indirectly owns and operates a complete range of seniors housing communities from independent supported living through assisted living to long term care. It is the largest owner and operator of seniors residences in Canada. Chartwell's aim is to capitalize on the strong demographic trends present in its markets to maximize the value of its existing portfolio of retirement residences, and prudently avail itself of opportunities to grow internally and through accretive acquisitions. More information can be obtained at www.chartwell.com.
New Contract Supports NGA GEOINT Services
NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Boundless, the leader in open GIS, today announced that it has been awarded a $36 million contract by the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA), the primary source of GEOINT for the U.S. Department of Defense and the U.S. Intelligence Community. The new contract supports NGA GEOINT Services and purchases services required to package, deliver, maintain and patch accredited open source geospatial software packages.
"It is great to see an organization like NGA adopting open source GIS," said Andy Dearing, CEO of Boundless. "So many organizations are quickly realizing the power and flexibility of open source and the value that Boundless brings to market. This announcement further demonstrates the NGA's commitment to Boundless and we are excited to continue our work with the agency."
NGA delivers world-class geospatial intelligence, or GEOINT, that provides a decisive advantage to warfighters, policymakers, intelligence professionals and first responders. Both an intelligence agency and combat support agency, NGA fulfills the president's national security priorities in partnership with the intelligence community and the Department of Defense. NGA also is the lead federal agency for GEOINT and manages a global consortium of more than 400 commercial and government relationships.
Boundless offers an open GIS ecosystem through a unique combination of technology, products and experts that gives enterprises deeper intelligence and insights using location-based data. The Boundless platform is built upon open source technology and open APIs that generate actionable location intelligence across third-party apps, content services and plugins for enterprise applications. In November 2016, the company extended its proven GIS platform with Boundless Connect, a subscription service to the most comprehensive repository of GIS data, and Boundless Desktop, a full-featured, professional desktop GIS, bringing a powerful ecosystem of geospatial knowledge, tools and resources to the enterprise.
Helpful Links
About Boundless
Boundless is the leader in commercially supported open GIS (geographic information systems). Unlike proprietary, licensed solutions, Boundless opens the world of geospatial to any user. The experts at Boundless reduce the cost and time of deploying and managing geospatial software with a scalable, open GIS platform -- including Exchange, Suite, Desktop and Connect -- and a powerful ecosystem of geospatial knowledge, tools and resources. Learn more at boundlessgeo.com. Join the GIS community at https://connect.boundlessgeo.com/. Follow Boundless @boundlessgeo.
The Tennessee Secondary School Athletic Association (TSSAA) Board of Control approved the addition of a Unified Track & Field event at their recent meeting on Monday, August 14, 2017. This competition, which will initially begin as an Invitational Championship, is to be first implemented during the 2018 Spring Fling Championships. The decision marks the beginning of a partnership between TSSAA and Special Olympics Tennessee in Unified Sports.
Dedicated to promoting social inclusion through shared sports training and competition experiences, Unified Sports joins students with and without intellectual disabilities on the same team. It was inspired by the principle that practicing and competing together promotes inclusion and understanding to help break down stereotypes.
TSSAA member schools with existing Unified Track & Field programs will have until October 1 to notify Special Olympics Tennessee of their desire to participate. For the inaugural year, eight teams will be invited by Special Olympics Tennessee to take part in the event. The TSSAA desires to officially sanction the sport of Unified Track & Field in subsequent years, involving more schools and implementing qualifying sectionals.
Bernard Childress, Executive Director of the TSSAA, expressed excitement over the partnership with Special Olympics Tennessee. “Special Olympics Tennessee has done amazing work in our state for a long time and we are thrilled to be working with them to enhance our State Championship experience. The addition of Unified Sports and the relationship we have begun with Special Olympics will have an extremely positive impact on athletics and student-athletes across our state. Whenever we can make a decision that provides opportunities for more student-athletes, that is a direction we want to go.”
Alan Bolick, President of Special Olympics Tennessee, stated his appreciation to the Board of Control and staff of TSSAA and echoed similar sentiments. “The establishment of this unique partnership will no doubt have a positive influence on creating more inclusive environments in our public and private schools as well as the communities in Tennessee where these athletes live.”
Events included in the inaugural TSSAA Unified Track & Field Invitational will be the 100 meter Dash, 400-meter Run, 4×100 meter Relay, Shot Put, and Long Jump. The Unified Track & Field events will be incorporated into the existing Spring Fling Track & Field schedule, with individual medals awarded and a Unified Track & Field Champion and Runner-up team decided.
The Thunder have a Carmelo Anthony problem.
One of the highest-paid players in the NBA is having the worst season of his career. And with that season on the verge of coming to an end — the Thunder trailing Utah 3-1 entering Wednesday's Game 5 at home — it presents the question, what's next for Oklahoma City and its declining star?
“We gotta win. Nothing to it. We've just gotta win,” Anthony told reporters after Monday's 113-96 loss. “We can sit here and say what we gotta do, or what we didn't do or what we did do, but it comes down to having the will to win that game Wednesday and forcing a Game 6 back in Utah and taking it from there.”
It has largely been Anthony's inability to hit shots, or defend the pick-and-roll, that has the Thunder in this hole. And his struggles have been season-long. He averaged 16.2 points on 40.4 percent shooting and 76.7 percent from the stripe, with a middling 12.78 PER. Every one of those stats is a career low.
Since waiving his no-trade clause to get out of a toxic Knicks situation, Anthony has sacrificed to try to fit into Oklahoma City's Big Three, switching positions, turning himself into a stretch-four and taking a backseat to Russell Westbrook and Paul George. But he may have to sacrifice a lot more.
On defense, Anthony has gone from porous to slow and porous. Donovan Mitchell and Joe Ingles have lit up the Thunder, who are worse with Anthony on the floor. And with Anthony set to make $27.9 million next season – and turning 34 next month – can Oklahoma City actually afford to keep him?
It's becoming apparent that Anthony will opt in to the next year of his contract, making him the 11th-highest paid player in the NBA. He also may be the league's most overpaid. And Jerami Grant is making himself a useful, athletic late-game complement to Westbrook. Olympic Melo is long gone; will we see Bench Melo?
Thunder coach Billy Donovan has praised Anthony's professionalism all season, much the way the Thunder have steadfastly and stubbornly taken a “nothing to see here” stance on their woes. But he clearly isn't a fit playing second — no, make that third fiddle — and would they keep him as the world's costliest reserve?
He could be waived outright. After Anthony accepted a trade from the Knicks because he thought he could win alongside Westbrook and George, would he accept a buyout in hopes of landing in Houston with James Harden and Chris Paul? And would the Rockets even want a stationary shooter who can barely shoot, hitting 35 percent from deep and playing precious little defense?
Anthony's Value Over Replacement Player was a minus 1.1, which was 537th out of 540 qualified players. At 27, that's a struggle. At nearly 34, that's a precipitous decline. But at nearly $28 million, it's a problem the Thunder must deal with this offseason.
If they lose Wednesday, that offseason will start immediately.
Police say Anthony Wrobel went to Sunset Park armed with a gun, and a plan to murder his bosses one month ago. The Venetian was having a company picnic when investigators say Wrobel walked up, asked where his bosses were, then shot them.
"This was not a random act of violence," Metro Police Captain Robert Plummer said shortly after.
Mia Banks was one of the intended targets, she was shot in the head. The other target, Hector Rodriguez was also critically injured and shot in the stomach multiple times.
As those gunshots rang out, Parks Officer Anthony Guerrero was nearby. Guerrero was the first person to respond.
[RELATED: Wrobel's gun malfunctioned before fatal shooting at Sunset Park]
"When I got there, people were running toward me, people were panicked," Guerrero recalled. "I could see two people down, and a woman running at me covered in blood."
Even though Guerrero was there within minutes, but when he got there, the suspected shooter Anthony Wrobel was gone. Guerrero then began focusing on the victims. He also called for backup.
[RELATED: Sands offers $50K reward for information leading to Sunset Park shooter's arrest]
"When I got there Officer Guerrero was doing CPR on [Mia Banks]," Captain Wade Barnheart said. "I had a trauma kit so I began sealing the male's gunshot wounds."
Mia Banks did not survive, but it's likely Hector Rodriguez did because of Officer Guerrero and Captain Barnheart.
Beyond treating the victims and securing the scene, they were also able to relay vital information to dispatch which helped lead to a multi-state manhunt for the shooter. Anthony Wrobel was arrested four days later in Texas.
On Tuesday the Clark County Commission wanted to thank Officer Guerrero and Captain Barnheart for their heroics that day. In a ceremony, they were given medals and were thanked by the commission.
The two officers said while they appreciate the attention, they said it's not necessary.
"We appreciate it but this is just what every officer does," Guerrero said.
Captain Barnheart echoed those sentiments.
"We are not heroes, we did our job. We are police officers."
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
The flu season at the beginning of 2018 has been worse than normal across the United States, even for the people charged with keeping us safe and healthy when we go to the hospital.
Shawn Mendes - 'In My Blood'
Is there a mean dreamier than Shawn Mendes? The answer is categorically no.
It finally happened! We have all been waiting for the moment we could get our hands on the new Shawn Mendes music video for 'In My Blood' and now the day has arrived.
Before dropping the full vid, Shawn teased his millions of followers on Twitter with this little clip:
> “All Pain Is Temporary” Shawn Mendes Opens Up About His Battle With Anxiety
Fans were quick to point out the fact that the music video release comes exactly five years after Shawn Mendes posted his first EVER vine!
5 years ago, Shawn posted his first vine. Today, he's releasing a music video for a song that he poured his heart into and resonates with so many people. #InMyBloodVideo https://t.co/a6J3Hu3Rbg — Shawn Mendes Updates (@shawnwwreports) April 24, 2018
> If You're A Die-Hard Shawn Fan, You NEED To Download Our App...Like Now
Never ever forget the day Camila and Shawn got together to cover Ed Sheeran!
In one grainy, nighttime video, journalist Angel Gahona, clad in jeans and a blue shirt, holds up a cellphone and narrates as he approaches the facade of city hall in Bluefields, reporting live via Facebook on protests that have rocked the Central American nation for four days.
Seconds later a gunshot rings out and Gahona slumps lifeless to the curb. Voices cry his name and someone presses a piece of cloth to his head to try to staunch the stream of blood. Another Bluefields reporter, Ileana Lacayo, confirms that he died before reaching the hospital.
"We are in the streets asking for Ortega and his wife to go. This has already gone beyond the social security issue. Here there have been dead, wounded, and he does not even apologize for his killings or the savage repression against the people," said Mauri Hernandez, one of thousands of demonstrators at a central rotunda.
There were more clashes at the Polytechnical University of Nicaragua, one of the strongest bastions of the protesters.
A demonstrator holds a Nicaraguna flag next to a burning barricade during demonstrations Saturday in Managua, Nicaragua. Jorge Cabrera / Reuters
"We stand firm. They will not wear us out. Here we will give our all until the government understands that it will not continue to do whatever it pleases," Lombardo Ruiz Picado, a leader of the student protesters, told The Associated Press by phone from inside the school.
In the morning, army troops were deployed to Esteli, a city north of Managua that has been a main flashpoint of the demonstrations, to help police repel protesters. State-affiliated media showed images of armed soldiers patrolling the city center and said they were safeguarding strategic concerns after fires at several public buildings.
The Roman Catholic Conference of Bishops in Nicaragua condemned repression against protesters and urged the government to listen to them and drop the social security changes. "A unilateral decision always brings with it social instability. Rectifying decisions is a sign of humanity, listening is the path of reason, seeking peace at all cost is wisdom," the conference said in a statement.
Angel Gahona, the journalist shot and killed during a live broadcast from the town of Bluefields, Nicaragua. Facebook / via Reuters
Heather Nauert, a spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department, said: "The United States government regrets the loss of life and injuries suffered in Nicaragua during protests by its citizens. We condemn the violence and the excessive force used by police and others against civilians who are exercising their constitutional right to freedom of expression and assembly."
LEO VARADKAR IS this morning travelling to Berlin to discuss current Brexit negotiations and the future of Ireland within the EU in his first visit to the German capital as Taoiseach.
According to his department, the discussions will focus on the agenda for this week's meeting of the European Council which include Brexit, trade and digital taxation.
Germany is Ireland's second largest source of inward investment, third largest source of tourists, fourth largest overall trading partner, and fifth largest food export market.
Speaking ahead of his visit, Varadkar said: “I look forward to my first visit to Berlin as Taoiseach, and to congratulating the Chancellor on her re-election. We have a lot of work to do together, both bilaterally and within our shared European Union.”
The meeting also comes a day after the EU and the UK agreed that the s0-called backstop for the Irish border, agreed in December, must be made legally binding.
The backstop option would mean alignment between the north and south for customs, VAT, energy, regulations for the protection of the environment and laws governing agriculture and fisheries. Northern Ireland would also have to adhere to EU rules on State Aid and would be under the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice in those aforementioned areas.
The backstop agreement was known as ‘Option C' with regard to the Northern Irish border – one of three options laid out in the Joint Report agreed by the UK and the EU in December.
A North Dakota woman has pleaded guilty in the killing of a pregnant neighbor so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby.
Thirty-eight-year-old Brooke Crews could face life in prison after pleading guilty Monday to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder, and lying to law officers in the death of 22-year-old Savanna Greywind, of Fargo.
Crews' attorney said she wanted to take responsibility for her actions, but Crews didn't offer details on how Greywind was killed. Authorities haven't said either.
Greywind was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in August. Kayakers found her body wrapped in plastic in a river. The baby was found alive in the apartment Crews shared with her 32-year-old boyfriend, William Hoehn. He's scheduled for trial in March.
Cass County prosecutor Birch Burdick didn't comment on Crews' plea.
GREELEY, Colo. — Freshman Jalen Sanders had 17 of his career-high 21 points in the first half, Andre Spight finished with 20 points, five rebounds and five assists and Northern Colorado cruised to a 104-53 win over Division II Panhandle State on Sunday.
Chaz Glotta added 15 points, Jonah Radebaugh scored 12 and Anthony Johnson 10 for the Bears. Spight, Glotta and Radebaugh each hit four of the Northern Colorado's season-high 18 3-pointers on 34 attempts. The Bears came in shooting 27.2 per cent from 3-point range.
Sanders, whose previous high was 15 points, scored eight points during a 16-5 run that made it 32-17 and Northern Colorado (7-3), which never trailed, led by double figures the rest of the way. The Bears scored the final 20 first-half points, including nine by Sanders, and led by 35 points at the break.
Jace Kerr had 13 points and Tyler Pate scored 12 for Panhandle State.
Northern Colorado topped the 100-point plateau for the first time since a 127-81 win over NAIA Southwest on Nov. 10, 2012.
The Miami Heat enters Monday's game against the Denver Nuggets with a comfortable 6 1/2-game lead over the Detroit Pistons for the final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference with a dozen games to go.
But just because it would take an epic collapse at this point for Miami to miss the playoffs doesn't mean the Heat is content on giving Dwyane Wade or Hassan Whiteside more time than they really need to heal from injuries.
According to coach Erik Spoelstra, when Wade (mild left hamstring strain) and Whiteside (left hip pain) are cleared by team doctors to return, they will be back to help the Heat (37-33) continue its fight for better seeding.
“There's only [a] health caution,” Spoelstra replied when asked if the team was being extra cautious because its of position to get back to the postseason after missing the playoffs last year. “We're not going to bring them back until they're ready to come back. We can't look at it as other teams are looking at it — that we're going to make sure we're ready for the postseason. That's not how it's going to be for us. It's go time and both of those guys know that. They've been very committed and diligent behind the scenes to working. But we have to do it smart, intelligently.”
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 60 Groundbreaking for new Miami Open site at Hardrock Stadium Pause 95 Police announce arrest of suspect involved in fatal hit-and-run crash 36 SW 8th ST nearly cleared days after FIU pedestrian bridge collapse 47 Roadside memorial for FIU bridge collapse victims 52 Man on tricycle steals laundry detergent from apartment building 37 College baseball team moves double-parked car blocking bus's path 169 Russias election: More charade than race 103 Seattle police surprise thieves sneaking out back door of Costco 106 Two people hurt in Austin explosion 54 FHP addresses traffic situation for Monday around FIU and Youth Fair Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Wade suffered a mild hamstring injury in Miami's 129-102 win over the Washington Wizards on Saturday night at AlericanAirlines Arena. Andre C. Fernandeza1fernandez@miamiherald.com
Wade, who will miss his fourth consecutive game Monday with a mild strain of his left hamstring, went through part of shootaround on Monday. Whiteside, who will miss his fifth straight game with left hip pain, did not.
The Heat sits three games back of the Wizards (40-30) and Pacers (40-30) for the fourth and fifth seeds in the conference, two games behind the sixth-seeded Sixers (38-30) and a half game back of Milwaukee (37-32).
“I don't think we ever really worry about getting caught,” guard Tyler Johnson said. “When you start looking behind you that's usually when you get caught. We've always been trying to fight and move up. I think we've lost a couple ones we felt maybe we shouldn't have. But at the same time I think everything is a learning experience down the stretch because most of us haven't really gone through anything like that.”
▪ The Heat on Monday called up two-way forward Derrick Jones Jr. from G-League affiliate Sioux Falls to provide depth on the roster. Jones Jr. was with the Heat on Friday in Los Angeles, but did not play against the Lakers. He has two NBA days left on his 45-day contract if he's activated for Monday's game. Once his 45 days are up, the Heat must clear a spot on its 15-man roster to keep him.
Any human who was once a teen, or currently a teen, or a teen-to-be knows the importance of a very special place in the mall devoted to the ideals of human beauty: Claire's. It is the temple where 100 million people so far have gotten their ears pierced, and plenty more have bought cheap jewelry to complete their lewk.
Sadly, the chain is filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. According to its bankruptcy filing, Claire's has reached a deal with its creditors to reduce its debt by approximately $1.9 billion.
Claire's, like many other retailers, has been suffering for a while, and in 2016 it closed more than 150 stores, according to the Washington Post. In 2015, it struck a deal to have hundreds of concession stores in Toys 'R' Us, though that plan was doomed as well: Last week the toy store said it would be closing its US stores.
In the following video you will learn some grip tips from the folks at ControlUp.
This video is from the fine folks at ControlUp
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
BONSALL, CA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - MARIJUANA COMPANY OF AMERICA ("MCOA" or the "Company") ( OTC : MCOA), an innovative cannabis and hemp marketing and distribution Company, is pleased to announce that it has entered into a non-binding Letter of Intent ("LOI") while performing due diligence to finalize a joint venture agreement with Bougainville Ventures, Inc. ("BV") for the purpose of housing tenant growers engaging in the cultivation, processing and commercial availability of legal marijuana in the State of Washington.
Subject to the execution of a final definitive agreement, the terms of the LOI are that MCOA will invest up to $1 million in cash in a newly formed entity and receive 50% equity ownership and 50% share in net profits produced by the joint venture. Bougainville Ventures, Inc. will contribute its expertise in establishing facilities related to the production, processing and management for tenant growers utilizing an I-502 Tier 3 license, with leased property, established partnerships, licensing agreements and marketing relationships.
Donald Steinberg, MCOA President and CEO said, "We are looking forward to getting seed in the ground and ramping up this partnership with Andy Jagpal and Bougainville Ventures. This partnership further strengthens our supply chain and enables MCOA to produce the highest quality products at the lowest possible prices."
"We couldn't be happier than to have aligned ourselves with the outstanding team at MCOA," said Jagpal, President of Bougainville Ventures, Inc. "With the management expertise that the highly skilled professionals at MCOA bring, we have insured the certainty of expanding our Washington State Greenhouse Campuses while achieving our revenue and profitability goals."
This joint venture project is solely for the purpose of cultivation, processing and commercial availability of legal marijuana within the State of Washington only and not beyond its borders.
"As each new partnership is formed, synergistic benefits will develop organically," said Steinberg. "Our human, agricultural and technical resources will expand with the end result being the ability to cultivate superior products for the cannabis consumer in each state in accordance with their respective laws."
With more than half of the United States now allowing for some form of legal medicinal or recreational cannabis use, there is an urgent need to establish cutting edge cultivation facilities and programs to service the continually growing demand for cannabis and CBD products.
"Knowing how to manage the many individual cannabis markets effectively and simultaneously will be the key to success for MCOA's national rollout," said Steinberg. "By integrating and aggressively harnessing the collective resources of our companies, we are confident that we will be making a significant impact on sales and distribution in Washington State."
ABOUT BOUGAINILLE VENTURES, INC.
Bougainville Venture Inc. is in the core business of converting irrigated farmland that was traditionally used to grow marginally profitable feed crops, to greenhouse-equipped farmland used to grow luxury crops with a primary focus on marijuana. Bougainville is an agricultural services company that focuses on providing growers with state-of-the-art computer controlled greenhouses and processing facilities. Bougainville offers fully built out turnkey solutions to licensed I-502 tenant-growers and luxury crop growers who will lease the facilities for production and processing. Bougainville does not "touch the plant" and only provides growing infrastructure as a landlord for licensed marijuana growers in the state of Washington. Bougainville has a strong management team with relevant experience and education in place with a focus on build-out and occupancy of its planned greenhouses in Oroville, WA. Strategic plans to expand its land bank, greenhouse campus and I-502 tenant-grower clients are scheduled for expanding operations.
SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT
This release contains forward-looking statements that are based upon current expectations or beliefs, as well as a number of assumptions about future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements and the assumptions upon which they are based are reasonable, we can give no assurance or guarantee that such expectations and assumptions will prove to have been correct. Forward-looking statements are generally identifiable by the use of words like "may," "will," "should," "could," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "believe," "intend," or "project" or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. The reader is cautioned not to put undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, as these statements are subject to numerous factors and uncertainties, including but not limited to: adverse economic conditions, competition, adverse federal, state and local government regulation, international governmental regulation, inadequate capital, inability to carry out research, development and commercialization plans, loss or retirement of key executives and other specific risks. To the extent that statements in this press release are not strictly historical, including statements as to revenue projections, business strategy, outlook, objectives, future milestones, plans, intentions, goals, future financial conditions, events conditioned on stockholder or other approval, or otherwise as to future events, such statements are forward-looking, and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements contained in this release are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements made.
For more information, please visit the Company's websites at:
MarijuanaCompanyofAmerica.com
hempSMART.com
agoracom.com/ir/MarijuanaCompanyofAmerica
The NFL will be in Wild Card Weekend from Saturday, Jan. 7 to Sunday, Jan. 8. Here are the announcer pairings for the four NFL Wild Card games.
This weekend will be Wild Card Weekend in the 2016 NFL Playoffs. There will be four must-win games on tap for everyone's enjoyment this upcoming weekend. All four games will be nationally televised.
ESPN/ABC will have the Oakland Raiders at the Houston Texans on Saturday afternoon. NBC will have the Detroit Lions at the Seattle Seahawks on Saturday night.
On Sunday, CBS will have the Miami Dolphins at the Pittsburgh Steelers. Sunday afternoon will feature the New York Giants at the Green Bay Packers. FOX will have that final NFC Wild Card game.
The four NFL playoff teams that will be on byes this week are the Atlanta Falcons, the Dallas Cowboys, the Kansas City Chiefs, and the New England Patriots. Dallas and New England have home-field advantage in their respective conferences. Atlanta and Kansas City have earned No. 2 seeds in their conferences.
The lowest advancing teams from Wild Card Weekend will play in either Dallas or New England. The highest advancing teams from Wild Card Weekend will play in either Atlanta or Kansas City.
Here are the four announcer pairings for the nationally televised games for NFL Wild Card weekend. The Raiders at Texans game will be simulcast on both ESPN and ABC. NBC, CBS, and FOX will each carry their lone Wild Card game.
Saturday, Jan. 7
4:35 p.m. ET ESPN/ABC
No. 5 Oakland Raiders at No. 4 Houston Texans: Sean McDonough, Jon Gruden
8:15 p.m. ET NBC
No. 6 Detroit Lions at No. 3 Seattle Seahawks: Al Michaels, Cris Collinsworth
Sunday, Jan. 8
1:05 p.m. ET CBS
No. 6 Miami Dolphins at No. 3 Pittsburgh Steelers: Jim Nantz, Phil Simms
4:40 p.m. ET FOX
No. 5 New York Giants at No. 4 Green Bay Packers: Joe Buck, Troy Aikman
More from FanSided
This article originally appeared on
Hi to all of you. How I would love meeting you all in person. Amazing how one can “get to know” people without actually meeting them! By now I feel like I know some of you quite well!
We have plans this weekend of traveling to Ohio, where Daniel's cousin is getting married. And in case you have the same question everyone else is asking, whether we're taking all the children or not, yes, we are planning to take all of them with us. We didn't know which of them we'd want to leave here, so we decided we'll just make an adventure out of it and all go!
Thankfully, we were able to hire a bus driver who will be taking us. Traveling by bus is much easier with five little children than going with a van. Julia and Austin were thrilled for the chance to have a bus ride, especially since we'll be traveling with their little cousins and other friends. Hopefully, the six-and-a-half-hour trip will pass swiftly with starting off at 3 a.m. Ya, the children are all supposed to sleep soundly on the bus until daybreak! With me being the type who has a tendency to worry about things, I can just imagine one of my little ones letting out a loud shriek just after everyone else has settled down for naps and awaken the entire busload including other sleeping babies! Thank God for my calm, steady husband who isn't worried a bit and thinks everything will turn out just fine! I can just hear him say, “It's okay if not everything goes perfectly, children do cry at times, that's just part of life!”
“Okay, thanks Daniel, I really did need to hear that. Now what about restless little ones in a wedding with 500 guests and you feel like everyone is watching you as you make your way out to the nursery for the fourth time in an hour?” Hmmm … I think this mamma needs to quit worrying about the days ahead and what people may think and start refocusing onto the One who is able to direct and bless each step! In reality, God has miraculously provided in less than ideal situations each time as I trusted Him to show us the way.
Anyway, I should be heading to bed. Everyone else is sound asleep and since I get to be on night duty with our two baby boys that need to be fed during the night, I try to not go to bed too late. Thanks to my dear hubby, who takes over when the boys, who are our little morning birds, with their “wake-up song,” are ready to rise and shine before we are! That is my time to pop in ear plugs and sleep a while longer. Of course, Daniel is always concerned that I get a nap in during the day since my nights are a bit choppy, which has been a bit more of an issue these days with Mr. Flu Bug, who has been working on giving the children coughs, colds, and fevers this past week! We hope and pray that we'll all be healthy, ready to spend time with our Ohio family.
Goodnight to you all and may you also be blessed by the providence of God as you cry out to him!
As for a recipe, perhaps we'll go with the mashed potatoes that are traditionally served at Amish weddings, which we'll be having on Saturday at the wedding.
AMISH WEDDING MASHED POTATO
4 ounces cream cheese
1/2 cup sour cream
1/2 cup butter (1 stick)
1/2 can evaporate milk
Hot milk to right consistency
Salt (1 1/2 tablespoons or to taste)
Instructions:
Fill a six-quart kettle with diced and peeled potatoes.
Add one and one-half inch water, turn on high until boiling.
Turn the heat down and simmer until they are fork-tender.
Once they are tender, they are ready to be drained and mashed.
Then put half stick of butter and half cup milk in the bottom of the six-quart kettle before you put in the finished mashed potatoes.
For the browned butter, take two pounds of butter in a saucepan and cook over medium heat until just browned. Top with browned butter before serving.
http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/04/web1_amish-cook-logofz-3.jpg
By Gloria Yoder
Readers can write or visit Gloria at 10437 E. 300th Ave., Flat Rock, IL 62427.
Readers can write or visit Gloria at 10437 E. 300th Ave., Flat Rock, IL 62427.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The $20-million renovation project transformed the old Lebanon High School building on Harding Drive into the district's central office, which will bring nearly every department within the Wilson County school system under one roof for the first time.
District officials expressed the need for a new central office after district growth caused cramped conditions at the Stumpy Lane central office, as well as increased concerns about the safety of district employees and valuable information and records housed in various locations throughout the county.
Classes moved to the new Lebanon High School on South Hartmann Drive in fall 2012. Around the same time, there were discussions to turn the Harding Drive facility into East Lebanon Middle School, which ultimately failed due, in part, to mold and asbestos questions and the deteriorated conditions of utilities around and within the building.
Wilson County Schools officials began to study the proposal of centralizing school departments in 2013, which ultimately came to fruition Sunday.
The new Wilson County Schools Administration and Training Complex houses the Wilson County Adult High School, TVOLS, conference and training areas, extended-school program, textbook storage and more.
Guests enter the facility at the school's former breezeway area, which is now a secured, visitor access lobby.
The visitor access areas include the Maj. David Wilson Theater, which will be available for community use in the future, and will likely be the site for future district community meetings.
The theatre has the capacity to hold 800 people.
The former agriculture and criminal justice wing of the school adjacent to the theatre, which is closed to visitors, features space for the Wilson County Election Commission and houses a conference training center, health services, a school resource officer and safety director Steve Spencer.
Spencer discussed his office, which could transform into a briefing room and command center in the event of an emergency. Spencer has access to every camera in Wilson County schools and the ability to communicate with law enforcement officials and update them on situations in real-time from his office.
The school resource officer will also be trained on the technology and able to communicate with law and school officials, as well.
On the same hallway, visitors have access to the attendance and TVOLS office, as well as the former library, which is now the district's school board meeting room.
The room has more space for guests during board meetings, which was an ongoing complaint for visitors. The new board meting room, similar to other portions of the building, is spacious and allows more room for performances that typically happen at the beginning of board meetings.
The former English hallway, which made up the right side of the “T,” houses food services and conference and training rooms. The former history wing, which makes up the opposite side of the “T,” houses the Wilson County Adult High School and substitute services, while the former math circle houses the adult basic education program.
Wilson County Adult High School principal Mary Ashby called the old Lebanon High School home for 33 years and said she was impressed with how the renovation gave the facility new life, while preserving characteristics of the building that many people grew to love during their time at the school.
The former gym and wrestling areas will be used for storage of records and files previously stored throughout Wilson County. The cafeteria area will be used for training and employees, who can purchase meals from the cafeteria.
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. - Rickie Fowler took a share of the lead into the weekend in the Waste Management Phoenix Open. He knows from experience the party is just getting started.
''Just keep the gas pedal down,'' Fowler said.
Fowler has had a lot of success at TPC Scottsdale without winning. He finished a shot behind Hunter Mahan in 2010, lost to Hideki Matsuyama on the fourth extra hole in 2016, and tied for fourth last year.
''From the first couple times I played it, I knew it was just kind of a matter of time before I would win here,'' Fowler said. ''I know I can win here. I put myself in position plenty of times.''
Fowler was tied with Bryson DeChambeau, with each shooting his second straight 5-under 66.
The festive tournament drew an estimated Friday-record crowd of 191,400 fans, bringing the week total to 439,088. The third-round mark of 204,906 set last year is expected to be shattered Saturday, and the week record of 655,434 from a year ago could fall with a day to spare.
DeChambeau birdied the final two holes, hitting a wedge to 8 inches on the par-4 18th late on another 80-degree afternoon.
''I missed a few short putts on the back nine, so definitely didn't play my best,'' DeChambeau said.
He won the John Deere Classic last year. In 2015, the former SMU star became the fifth player to win the NCAA individual title and U.S. Amateur in the same year.
Daniel Berger and former Arizona State player Chez Reavie were a stroke back.
Berger had a bogey-free 65.
''This is the fourth time I've been here, so I've kind of figured it out a little bit,'' Berger said. ''Mostly, it's just about just enjoying yourself.''
Full-field scores from the Waste Management Phoenix Open
Waste Management Phoenix Open: Articles, photos and videos
Reavie eagled the 17th in a 65. He's the only player without a bogey after two rounds.
''This is my home tournament, growing up here my whole life and coming to the tournament and carrying the sign board,'' Reavie said. ''So this is like the fifth major for me.''
Fowler birdied four of the first six holes. He bogeyed his old nemesis, the 317-yard 17th, after driving short of the green to the left and chipping across and off the green.
''Funky little chip where we were in a good position to make birdie,'' Fowler said.
Two years ago, he blew a two-stroke lead on 17 in regulation when he drove through the green and into the water, then handed the playoff to Matsuyama when he hit into the water again.
Fowler is wearing a pin on his hat with a picture of Griffin Connell, the area boy he befriended at the event who died last week at age 7. Connell was born with a rare airway disorder.
''I don't think it's a coincidence he's playing so well this week, either,'' said Griffin's father, Jim Connell. ''Griffin, he's not here with us, but we know he's watching from above.''
Scott Stallings (65), Chesson Hadley (68) and Chris Kirk (68) were 8 under, and Phil Mickelson (65) and fellow former Arizona State player Jon Rahm (68) topped the group at 7 under.
The 47-year-old Hall of Famer is making his record-tying 29th start in the event he won in 1996, 2005 and 2013. He birdied the last three holes - getting the stadium-enclosed No. 16 for the second straight day - and four of the final six.
''There's no question that I play better down the stretch with people here,'' Mickelson said. ''I can feel their energy and it helps me focus.''
Justin Thomas and first-round leader Bill Haas were 6 under.
The fourth-ranked Thomas had his second 68. He was bogey-free after dropping three strokes late Thursday with a double bogey on 16 and a bogey on 17.
''I was pretty upset and mad about that last night because I really let a good chance get away to shoot, I felt like, 7 or 8 under,'' Thomas said. ''But stretches like that are going to happen over the course of four days.''
Haas followed his opening 64 with a 72. He made a double bogey on the par-5 third.
The tournament lost some star power when Jordan Spieth missed the cut and two-time defending champion Matsuyama withdrew because of a left wrist injury.
Spieth shot 72-70, playing alongside Thomas. The third-ranked Spieth last failed to advance to weekend play in May, when he missed consecutive cuts in The Players Championship and the AT&T Byron Nelson. Matsuyama's injury ended his bid to match Arnold Palmer's event record of three straight victories.
Robert Garrigus had the shot of the day, a drive on the 17th that hit the flagstick and stopped inches away. He's 2 under after a 69. Andrew Magee aced the hole in 2001, the only hole-in-one on a par 4 in PGA Tour history.
From NCRA
PARK CITY, Ks. (April 17, 2017) – The Texas-based National Championship Racing Association Sprint Car Bandits Series presented by Blaine's Motor Supply is set to get back into racing action this coming Saturday night (April 22) as the tour heads to Lone Star Speedway in Kilgore, Texas for their first of two scheduled appearances for the East Texas speed plant.
Brad Welborn of Princeton, Texas and Justin Melton of Lewisville, Texas have both picked up NCRA SCB victories thus far this season with Melton holding a one point lead over Scott Bogucki of McLaren Vale, South Australia. Zane Lawrence currently sits third in the standings, just 25 points out of the lead, while Chad Wilson, Claud Estes, III, Michael Lang, Dustin Gates, Colby Estes, Michelle Melton and Gary Floyd rounding out the top ten.
Close to thirty drivers are expected to compete for this $2250 to win/$350 to start event and non-qualifiers receive $100.
Pit gates open at 3:00 PM; grandstand gates at 5:00 PM and hot laps starting around 6:45 PM. Grandstand admission is just $17 for adults; $15 for all seniors and military; and kids ages 6-11 just $5. All pit passes are $35.
Lone Star Speedway is located off of I-20 to exit 583, then half mile north, then one mile east. For more race information call the track (903) 986-9731 or check out their official website www.lonestarspeedway.com.
The 2017 season will be the second for the NCRA Sprint Car Bandit Series and information can be found on their official website www.sprintcarbandits.com. More information can be obtained by calling Steve Lang (469) 474-8234.
The National Championship Racing Association was established back in 1971 and currently sanctions 360-ci sprint cars, modifieds, crate late models and mod-lites. To learn more about the NCRA, check out their brand-new website www.racencra.com; their official facebook page: NCRA Racing Series or call (316) 755-1781.
In recent weeks, Republican leaders have sought to motivate potentially lagging GOP turnout in November's mid-term elections by hoisting the bloody flag of impeachment, warning that the main goal of a Democratic House would be to launch proceedings to drive Donald Trump from office.
Admittedly, some Democrats openly tout that goal. But the party's top leaders have made clear it's not their intention, in part because, at this point, no one can predict if special counsel Robert Mueller's probe will conclude by accusing Trump of the “high crimes and misdemeanors” needed for impeachment.
A greater likelihood, and perhaps a far greater threat to Trump and the GOP, is that a Democratic House would begin to perform the congressional oversight functions that Republicans have basically ignored after spending the previous six years going after Barack Obama's Democratic administration.
From the role of industry lobbyists in environmental decisions to the degree to which Trump and his family members may be benefitting financially from his presidency, administration appointees have created a lengthy list of juicy targets for lawmakers interested in probing whether they were serving the public interest — and trying to score political points.
Here are some potential targets:
— The administration's failure to follow up the intelligence community's conclusion of alleged Russian interference of the 2016 election by taking steps to prevent it in the 2018 and 2020 elections.
— The role of former industry lobbyists in the Environmental Protection Administration's decisions to ease restrictions governing such issues as methane emissions from new oil and gas wells, coal ash waste from power plants, and fertilizer runoff into rivers and streams.
— An administration-wide cutback on civil rights enforcement. This includes a reduction in activity by the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division and Housing Secretary Ben Carson's proposal to postpone requirements for HUD funding recipients to show efforts to overcome racial segregation patterns.
— The administration's inconsistent implementation of its restrictive immigration policies. In particular, the administration has deported people who, after entering the U.S. illegally many years ago, have been productive citizens with families and without criminal records. Further, the administration has impacted agriculture by limiting migrant farmworkers.
— The Department of Health and Human Services' efforts to implement administrative measures to undercut the protections of the Affordable Care Act to compensate for the Republicans' failure to repeal it legislatively.
— Education Secretary Betsy DeVos' decision to kill inquiries into alleged fraudulent activities at a for-profit college where several of her top officials had previously been employed.
— The role of lobbyists from energy companies in the decision by Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke to reduce by 2 million acres the amount of federally protected lands at two national monuments in Utah, Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante. This opened most of the region's coal deposits and retired oil and gas leases.
— President Trump's reported orders to the Postmaster General to double postal rates on Amazon because he dislikes the coverage of his administration by The Washington Post, owned by the online retailer's founder, Jeff Bezos.
— Mishandling of recovery efforts in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico. This includes Zinke's decision to award a no-bid $300 million contract for restoring the island's damaged electrical power grid to a small Montana firm which proved totally incapable of doing it.
— An array of administration actions eliminating the role of science and scientists in determining public policy, such as Pruitt's proposed ban on using confidential studies on the impact of environmental rules; the shutting down of specific studies on the effect of salt in children's lunches and the health impact of certain pesticides; and the elimination of references to the impact of climate change in various government studies.
— The extent to which Trump and members of his family have taken advantage of their positions to benefit financially. For example, Trump-owned facilities have been used for federal meetings and to house security personnel. And some U.S policies facilitated foreign government decisions that could benefit family members, like Qatar's reported decision to help bail out son-in-law Jared Kushner's financially ailing New York real estate venture.
Earlier this month, House Speaker Paul Ryan warned at a California conference that, if Republicans lose either the House or Senate, “then you'll have absolute gridlock. You'll have gridlock, you'll have subpoenas, you'll have just the system shutting down.”
Judging from last week's farm bill train wreck and the minimal overall legislative record, the system isn't working too well now, under total GOP control. But there haven't been many subpoenas, not to mention the kind of oversight Congress should be performing. That's likely to change dramatically if Democrats win the House or the Senate.
https://www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/05/web1_Leubsdorf-2.jpg
By Carl P. Leubsdorf
Carl P. Leubsdorf is the former Washington bureau chief of the Dallas Morning News. Readers may write to him via email at: carl.p.leubsdorf@gmail.com.
Carl P. Leubsdorf is the former Washington bureau chief of the Dallas Morning News. Readers may write to him via email at: carl.p.leubsdorf@gmail.com.
Stock loses 18 per cent of its value in 7 trading days
Shares of Facebook fell 2 percent on Tuesday, after a report that a federal probe on the data breach linked to Cambridge Analytica had been broadened and would include more government agencies.
Facebook shares were down 2 percent at $193.36 in early trading on the Nasdaq, erasing nearly $12 billion from the company's market valuation.
The stock lost about 18 percent of its value in the seven trading days after the data scandal broke, but has since gained about 27 percent to date.
Facebook has faced intense scrutiny around the Cambridge scandal, which saw millions of users' data improperly accessed by the political consultancy.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal Trade Commission have joined the Department of Justice in its inquiries about the two companies and the sharing of personal information of 71 million Americans, the Washington Post reported citing five people.
A Facebook spokesperson told Reuters late on Monday that it is cooperating with officials in the U.S., UK and beyond.
"We've provided public testimony, answered questions, and pledged to continue our assistance as their work continues," the spokesperson said. The questioning from federal investigators centers on what Facebook knew three years ago and why the company did not reveal it at the time to its users or investors, the Washington Post said.
Reporting by Munsif Vengattil in Bengaluru; Editing by Bernard Orr.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
SPIRITUAL director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka has described his legal victory over Union Bank Plc as divine. An Enugu State High Court had while delivering judgement between the cleric and Union Bank in suit no ?E/56/10, awarded the sum of N5.5 billion in Mbaka's favour. Reacting to the verdict yesterday, the […]
The post My victory over Union Bank is divine – Mbaka appeared first on Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper.
Image copyright AFP Image caption India presently spends a little over 1% of its GDP on public healthcare
On the face of it, it is difficult to not warm to India's newly announced flagship health insurance scheme, designed as a safety net for millions of people who struggle to afford quality medical care.
India has an abysmal record in public health. It presently spends a little over 1% of GDP on public healthcare, one of the lowest levels in the world.
Poor health and steep costs alone are responsible for pushing between three and fiver percent of the population below the poverty line. Rural households source more than a quarter of their health expenses by borrowing or selling assets.
India's disease burden - borne mainly by the poor - is higher than in many emerging economies. Quality state-run hospitals are few and far between, primary care facilities are poor and private clinics are prohibitively expensive.
The insurance scheme announced in the federal budget - dubbed "Modicare" after Prime Minister Narendra Modi by his supporters - would cover more than 500 million Indians and provide 500,000 rupees ($7,825; £5,520) in medical coverage for each family annually.
The government estimates that the premium for insuring each family would come to around $17 (£11.93), and the scheme will cost $1.7bn in federal and state funds. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said it will be the "world's largest government-funded healthcare programme".
The scheme seeks to cover the poorest of Indians - some 29% of Indians live below the poverty line - and the lower middle class, the two most vulnerable groups. They hold irregular jobs or are jobless, have few assets and are saddled with high-interest informal debt as well as having to pay for their own healthcare.
So to provide such people with decent publicly-funded medical treatment is indisputably a step in the right direction.
Image copyright AFP Image caption India's public health system is overcrowded and underfunded
"The programme is bold and recklessly ambitious", K Sujatha Rao, former health secretary and author of a magisterial book on India's health system, told me. "Our health sector has been ignored for a long time. But the big challenge is implementation."
That is, indeed, the biggest worry.
Federal healthcare schemes and similar publicly-funded medical insurance schemes - more than a dozen Indian states have adopted such schemes since 2007 providing secondary and tertiary care hospitalisation, albeit with much lower coverage - don't have a very inspiring record.
Nine of 13 studies assessing such schemes reported no reduction in out-of-pocket expenses by people covered by insurance. An assessment of a publicly funded health insurance scheme for the poor launched in 2008 covering some 130 million people found that it had not "provided any significant financial protection" for poor households.
Illegal payments
One such study is of a publicly financed health insurance scheme for the poor in the central state of Chhattisgarh. It found that 95% of the insured who used private hospitals and 66% of the insured who went to government hospitals were still spending on treatment from their pockets.
In state hospitals, where treatment is supposed to be largely free, patients ended up buying consumables and medicines from private pharmacies because the hospitals simply didn't have enough supplies. Also, illegal payments had to be sometimes to doctors and nurses.
Private hospitals, according to study author Sulakshana Nandi simply told patients that they could not afford to provide treatment at the government-mandated rates under the scheme and asked them to pay the difference.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption India has a thriving private hospital industry, mainly catering to the rich
India's private healthcare system is largely unregulated, opaque and often unscrupulous. It can also overcharge with impunity, leading to increasing conflict with patients.
Many believe that private facilities are actively hostile towards the poor and do not allocate enough of the mandated cheap beds for them.
"The good thing is that health is now becoming a political imperative, but we are still sleepwalking into delivery architectures without serious regulatory capacity," says Pratap Bhanu Mehta, chief of the India's Ashoka University.
Game changer?
Furthermore, quality private healthcare is mainly available in big cities and towns, and it is difficult to see how some of India's poorest of the poor living in remote areas and insured under the scheme will be able to reach any of these facilities.
What many misses is that the poor are actually impoverished by outpatient costs rather than hospitalisation expenses. Diagnostic tests, doctor follow-ups, basic medicines (statins for heart disease or diabetes control and psychotropic drugs for mental health, for example) and post-operative home care are expensive.
So just covering hospitalisation expenses may not help - one southern state, for example, provides free drugs to poor patients until a year after a surgical procedure, something that the federal scheme can adopt.
If implemented properly, the massive healthcare programme will be a game-changer for the poor. But, going by past experience and India's spotty record in public deliveries and weak regulation, the government will have to put in a lot of effort make it work.
Get Great Deals updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Juicers can help fitness fans and those on a diet by creating simple smoothies, juices and soups.
Competitively priced and easy to use, juicers have seen a surge in popularity in recent years and the big brand names include Breville, Morphy Richards and specialist juicer company Nutribullet.
Nutribullet's should top any fitness fanatic's list, especially now supermarket Tesco is selling them at a bargain price. Here is where to get the cheapest price on a Nutribullet.
What is the Nutribullet?
The juicer can break down ice, nuts, seeds, fruit and veg- and could be your answer to dropping some weight in time for the summer season.
The NutriBullet 600 Series 8-piece juicer blender comes complete with a high torque power base, 1x extractor blade, 1x tall cup (680ml), 1x short cup (511ml), 1x handled comfort lip ring, 1x stay-fresh lid, a user manual with recipes and a Pocket Nutritionist.
Where to get the best price on a Nutribullet
Tesco are currently selling the blender at just £34 - reduced from £59.
Usually costing £70, the price of the Nutribullet has dropped with prices on the high street and online starting from as little as £34 (at Tesco Direct ).
(Image: Tesco)
The Nutribullet range consists of many different variations- with other retailers selling packages with different items included.
For instance, shoppers can pick up the Magic Bullet Blender (11-piece set) for just £39.99 , or for the 17-piece set with a 25% saving at just £37.67.
Tesco alone have an 8 item range of different Nutribullet products- which even includes a pink magic bullet or you can save £5 on the baby food processor at just £53 .
The best Nutribullet recipes according to Instagram
The Nutribullet can be used to make a huge variety of dishes- and here are some great ones for first timers.
We took to the product range instagram page to see what their most recommended dishes are.
Strawberry & Blueberry Smoothie
Berry Oat Smoothie Bowl
Green Smoothie Bowl filled with spinach, cucumber, spinach, avocado and more
Roast pumpkin soup
Carrot and Cauliflower anti-inflammatory soup
The "Star Wars" actor's run will begin sometime in 2019.
If 2015's “The Force Awakens” was a righting of wrongs, burying the memory of those dreadful prequel films, then “The Last Jedi” is the new “Star Wars” trilogy fully coming...
The amendments were made to allow new permit holders to buy alcohol and not be in violation of the alcoholic beverage laws. According to the city code, beer permits for on-premises consumption shall maintain an annual ratio of $5 of gross sales for each $1 of wholesale beer purchases.
The annual ratio, according to the city code, would be calculated at the end of each calendar year.
The new amendments changed the code so the ratio could be calculated 12 months after a business opened, so the law would not punish businesses that aren't open for 12 months as of Dec. 31.
A section was also added that clarified if a complaint is made about a business that is open less than 12 months and the ratio is less than $2.50 of food sales for every $1 in beer purchases, the Alcoholic Beverage Board can suspend the permit for up to two months. A second violation of the provision in a 12-month period would result in revocation of a permit.
A public hearing was held prior to commissioners' vote on the amendment, but no one came forward to speak on it.
The commission will meet again May 14 at 6:30 p.m. at City Hall on North Mt. Juliet Road.
Vote For Minnesota's Best Hard Cider The air's getting crisp, every store has some form of pumpkin spice in stock, and fall is sweeping into Minnesota!
Guide To 2017 Labor Day Weekend Events In MinnesotaSporting and cultural events will mark the transition from summer to fall during the Labor Day weekend. Minnesota will feature some of the best entertainment productions. While baseball features prominently on many Labor Day weekend schedules, for other activities a weekend guide can be useful.
Some people become upset when a victory by their team is called an upset. The definition of a sports' upset is “an unexpected result”. Both current and historical records are used to make the determination. Using both as a measuring stick, there were two upsets in Columbus County high school sports Thursday. How big the upset was depends on your zip code.
History indicated the West Bladen at Whiteville Girls Tennis match would be competitive. The results from the current season indicated Whiteville faced a tall task against the undefeated Knights. West Bladen defeated Whiteville earlier this season in Dublin by a 7-2 score. Thursday, Whiteville scored wins in numbers two, three and five singles. The clinchers were 9-7 wins in numbers one and two doubles. Whiteville completes the regular season with a record of 14-4 and is waiting to see if the updated 2A dual team playoff bracket will have any wild card slots. South Columbus and West Bladen have clinched the two automatic playoff bids.
East Columbus JV Volleyball defeated South Columbus 2-0. It was close, with set scores of 25-22 and 25-23. This ended a 27-match, conference, winning streak for the Stallions. South had defeated the Gators at East Columbus earlier this season in three sets. The South Columbus varsity swept the Gators 3-0.
Upset took on a different meaning for West Columbus Volleyball this week. Don't blame Coach Heather McPherson if she downed an entire bottle of Pepto Bismol. The Vikings held leads in both contests this week before losing in five sets. Thursday's loss was to St. Pauls.
Whiteville woke up after dropping the first set to West Bladen 25-19. A 25-5 win in set two restored order and the Wolfpack won sets three and four by scores of 25-13. The Whiteville junior varsity also dropped its first set before winning 2-1.
South Columbus traveled to Red Springs for a boys soccer contest. It was all Red Springs as it defeated the Stallions 9-1. Anthony Best scored the goal for South columbus
Gympie's Jemma Lee tries to find the hole in the University of the Sunshine Coast defence during their 27-4 win on Friday night.
Gympie's Jemma Lee tries to find the hole in the University of the Sunshine Coast defence during their 27-4 win on Friday night. LEEROY TODD
RUGBY UNION: THE Gympie Hammers are prepared for the Noosa International Sevens tournament this weekend.
The youthful Harlow and Hampton Hammers women's Sevens team hosted Caloundra and The University of the Sunshine Coast on Friday night, with the Gympie outfit scoring a win and a loss against the university teams.
In the first game, the Hammers defeated the USC first team 27-4.
Gympie captain Bec Briggs said the game provided a showcase for the talent in the gold town.
"I think our teamwork is what sets us apart,” Briggs said.
"Our girls have such determination and are so passionate for it, none of them miss a training session.
"One girl had never touched a football before she came to us. It's unbelievable to see.”
LOVE GYMPIE SPORT? GET THE LATEST NEWS BY FOLLOWING THE TOPIC HERE.
Photos View Photo Gallery
In the second game The Hammers lost five tries to three to the USC second team, but chose to field a wholly under-18 side for the encounter.
Briggs said the calculated decision came to blood the youngsters to build their experience, a kind of baptism of fire to be without the older players on the field.
"They smashed us but it was all to grow their experience and boost their confidence,” Briggs said.
"I was so proud of them, I could not have been prouder.
"Georgia Zamenak and Peta Dray, Jemma Lee, they all had good games I want to name them all.
"All the girls just played really well off each other.”
Briggs said the team have only lost two games from eight this season, and points to the fact the women gel so well together largely thanks to their involvement in local touch football.
"I think it's because so many of them have played touch together for so long.”
"We will be a strong team this season and beyond because we are always building.”
With the Noosa International Sevens on this weekend, the women will hit the track alongside the men's team to sharpen their skills.
"It'll be the same as we always do, our training run every Thursday night,” Briggs said.
In the men's game, Hammers coach and player Sean Dixon said his team are also ready for the weekend of rugby.
As to what to expect, Dixon, who has played at the Noosa tournament before, said the Hammers hope to provide a stern test against the unknown.
"I have played in it before, not as the Hammers, I don't think the Hammers have had a team in there before,” he said.
"I'm not too sure to be honest, it depends on who the other teams are, and what they bring on the day.
"We'll be pretty competitive, we've been working hard in training and we'll give it a good go.
"Hopefully a few of the young fellas will have a good crack.”
The Hammers are in a rebuilding stage and Dixon pointed to the teams youth as its main advantage, with speed and agility being the weapon of choice.
"Speed and a few guys who are very good one-on-one. We have a few boys who are great with speed and agility and they will pose a few headaches,” Dixon said.
"It's about getting out, having a good time, a good run and enjoy it.
"A few boys haven't had a go at sevens before so it'll be good to see them have a go.”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
COLUMBIA, Mo. -- Mizzou fans at Saturday's black and gold spring football game were probably wondering, "who's this #22 in the backfield next to Drew Lock?"
That was Dawson Downing, and after Saturday, he made sure Tiger fans would remember him.
The walk-on running back out of Bishop Miege High School took the field as a starter with Mizzou's top two running backs Ish Witter and Damarea Crocket held out of the spring scrimmage.
Downing's father was an All-Conference safety at Mizzou, and now his son is fulfilling a dream by wearing the black and gold.
"That's the first time I've kind of officially scored here, so that's a good feeling and hopefully we get some of those in the fall too," Downing said.
"Dawson Downing showed you what he's been doing all spring," Mizzou QB Drew Lock said. "He's been great for us. I'm super proud of him, you know, being a Kansas City boy. Couldn't have asked more of him, and I know the guys would back me up and say that you know, he came out and he earned a spot on our roster. A hundred percent."
"I think spring for me went about as good as it could go," Dawson added. "I showed I could play here and I'm excited for the season."
Wenyen Gabriel Elects to Remain in 2018 NBA Draft
Sophomore forward finished UK career strong, including SEC All-Tournament Team honors
Video: Gabriel's message to the BBN
LEXINGTON, Ky. – Hours ahead of the NCAA deadline to return to school, Kentucky men's basketball sophomore forward Wenyen Gabriel has decided to remain in the 2018 NBA Draft, ending his collegiate career.
Gabriel will join teammates Hamidou Diallo, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander and Kevin Knox in the June 21 draft, which will be held at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York. Freshman forward Jarred Vanderbilt has until 11:59 p.m. ET on Wednesday to submit paperwork to return to school, should he choose to do so. Otherwise he will remain in the NBA Draft and end his college eligibility. PJ Washington was in a similar situation, but elected earlier to return to Kentucky for a sophomore season.
“BBN, thank you for supporting me for the last two years and being patient with me through these last few weeks,” Gabriel said. “This process hasn't been easy for me and it's choosing between a lifelong dream and playing in front of a fan base that I've grown to love so much. Opportunities like these don't come without the support and encouragement from my family, Coach Cal, the coaching staff, my teammates, and of course, the fans.
“I've enjoyed every moment of this journey at the University of Kentucky and I just want to thank everyone for who has supported me through both my ups and my downs. Lord knows this hasn't been easy, but my time here has only better prepared me for what the future has for me.
“After receiving positive feedback, my dreams of becoming a professional basketball player are that much closer to reality. I believe that I'm ready to take that jump and will be keeping my name in the 2018 draft.”
Gabriel announced last month that he would enter the 2018 NBA Draft to get an evaluation and explore his professional options. Because he didn't hire an agent, he had the option of returning to school if he announced by May 30. During that timeframe, Gabriel worked out for a handful of NBA teams.
Based on the information Gabriel received, he's decided to stay in the draft.
“Big Blue Nation, we've shared some exciting memories together. From the first time I walked out for Big Blue Madness all the way to walking out of St. Louis as SEC champs, Kentucky will always be my home.”
Gabriel made huge strides in his sophomore season and played a key part in UK's late-season run, which included the Wildcats' fourth straight Southeastern Conference Tournament title.
“Wenyen's game is where the league continues to trend towards,” UK head coach John Calipari said. “He's a position-less big man who can shoot, guard multiple positions and is willing to do what it takes to win. Wenyen grew so much from his freshman season to his sophomore year. If he continues to make those same strides, he's going to carve himself a role with a team. He and I have talked and he knows he's going to have to work hard to get there, but I'm confident he can.”
Over the final eight games, Gabriel averaged 9.9 points, 5.5 rebounds and 2.1 3-point field goals per game. The 6-foot-9 forward became UK's go-to 3-point threat down the stretch, making 56.7 percent of his shots from behind the arc over that eight games.
Included in that late-season run was an unforgettable performance in the SEC Tournament semifinals. Gabriel made all seven of his 3-point attempts en route to 23 points. The 7-for-7 performance set UK school records and SEC Tournament records for most 3-pointers made without a miss.
He also posted 16 points and 12 rebounds vs. Buffalo in the second round of the NCAA Tournament for his first double-double of the season to go along with three 3-pointers. Gabriel had two other such games with three or more 3-pointers in 2017-18.
For the season, Gabriel averaged 6.8 points and 5.4 rebounds. He made 42 3-pointers, second most on the team, on 39.6-percent shooting from behind the arc. The native of Sudan blocked a team-best 40 shots, including four games with three or more blocks. He had four games with 10 or more rebounds.
Gabriel's freshman highlights included 23 points vs. LSU, career-high 16 rebounds vs. Auburn and three straight games in double figures in the nonconference season.
Since Calipari joined the Wildcat program for the 2009-10 season, UK has produced 31 NBA Draft picks over eight seasons, 14 more than the next closest school (Duke). Included in the 31 are 24 first-round selections, three No. 1 overall picks, 12 top-10 selections and 17 lottery picks.
Official release from UK sports information
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — The unit was once the Mets' Fab Five, a collection of arms with seemingly unlimited potential that would lift the organization to new heights.
But through it all, Noah Syndergaard, Jacob deGrom, Matt Harvey, Steven Matz and Zack Wheeler have never thrown a pitch in the same rotation, a streak that could soon end.
With Jason Vargas headed for surgery Tuesday to remove the fractured hamate bone in his right (non-throwing) hand, the Mets are on the precipice of finally having their once-vaunted five together for at least one turn through the rotation to begin the season.
“We have been in this organization for a while now and we see what we're all capable of,” Matz said Monday after pitching six solid innings against the Astros in an exhibition game. “When they are out there pitching we are watching, and it's just real fun to watch those guys go and compete. For me, the four or five other days I am just sitting back watching a real good pitcher pitch, so it's real cool.”
Even so, neither manager Mickey Callaway nor general manager Sandy Alderson was about to officially scratch Vargas from the rotation to begin the season. Vargas has been told he can begin throwing again within five days of the surgery, and based on his pain threshold could theoretically get the ball for his first turn on April 3 or 4. But such a possibility seems like a long shot.
Vargas threw a side session Monday and had to unlace his glove just so it would fit on his hand. The glove was then retied, but not used — bullpen catcher Dave Racaniello received the return throws. Vargas sustained the injury when he was drilled by a line drive Friday in a minor league game.
“The things we have heard are the sensations we are having when we squeeze should be alleviated quite a bit [with surgery],” Vargas said. “So that is what we are really looking for, is being able to have control of my glove and being able to catch the ball without having to wonder if I am going to re-injure myself.”
Wheeler threw one inning in a simulated game in Port St. Lucie and is scheduled to replace Vargas in the rotation Thursday in an exhibition game against the Nationals.
“Everybody is in a real good spot,” Callaway said. “We can't do anything about line drives, but it sounds like [Vargas] is not going to be out very long, so we'll see what happens.”
Injuries have prevented the one-time Fab Five from performing together in the same rotation. Most notably, Wheeler missed two seasons rehabbing from Tommy John surgery before Syndergaard was sidelined most of 2017 after tearing his right lat.
“All that we need is health,” Jay Bruce said. “We need health and we're going to bet on those guys versus anybody.”
But Alderson, who signed the lefty Vargas to a two-year contract worth $16 million last month, isn't getting caught up in the idea of his former Five Aces pitching together.
“It's about winning games and being competitive,” Alderson said.
Matz solidified his hold on a rotation spot — Vargas or no Vargas — by allowing two earned runs on five hits with nine strikeouts over six innings against the defending World Series champions. If Vargas were ready to begin the season, Wheeler would likely be squeezed to the bullpen or optioned to Triple-A Las Vegas as rotation insurance.
Matz's “conviction” with his pitches against the Astros was impressive, according to Callaway.
“You saw it and obviously the strikeout total was high, but that's maybe the best lineup he is going to face all year,” Callaway said. “That's a pretty potent lineup and he went after them. That is what I thought was best about him today.”
Matz opened the spring with two abysmal starts, but has rebounded with three straight solid appearances, all but eliminating the possibility he will be asked to refine his stuff at Las Vegas to begin the season.
“With the slow start I had, I put the work in and it's really starting to pay off,” Matz said. “I am starting to feel comfortable out there on the mound now.”
LONDON — Prince William and Lady Gaga may seem like an unlikely pair to share a cup of tea, but the two have joined forces to encourage young people to talk about mental health issues.
As part of a campaign to combat the stigma surrounding mental health problems, the Royal Family's Facebook page posted a video Tuesday of the royal sharing a FaceTime chat with the pop star. From their respective homes in London and Los Angeles, the pair discussed the importance of speaking publicly about emotional issues so that people don't feel they have to suffer in silence.
The video release comes on the heels of Prince Harry opening up Monday about his own emotional struggles after his mother's death about 20 years ago.
The appearances were all part of the young royals' campaign to promote Heads Together — a charity set up by William, Harry and the Duchess of Cambridge, more commonly known as Kate. The umbrella group of eight leading mental health groups is the official charity of the London Marathon that will happen this Sunday, April 23.
Lady Gaga, 31, has been very open about her battle with post-traumatic stress disorder and has her own non-profit organization, the Born This Way Foundation, which promotes empowering youth and combats bullying.
During their FaceTime chat, Lady Gaga said she felt people facing mental health challenges were “not hiding anymore.”
“There is a lot of shame attached to mental illness, you feel like something is wrong with you,” Lady Gaga told William, describing her own battles with depression and anxiety. But she said she came to conquer those feelings by “saying, this is a part of me, and that's OK.”
William, the 34-year-old second in line to the throne, added that it is time “to feel normal about mental health — it's the same as physical health” and that good conversations can “really make such a difference.”
Singer Lady Gaga performs on the Coachella Stage Saturday. Kevin Winter / Getty Images for Coachella
As part of the campaign, William has also encouraged Brits to move on from the “stiff upper lip” they have been long been famous for.
“There may be a time and a place for the ‘stiff upper lip,' but not at the expense of your health,” William said during an interview with CALMzine, which is published by one of Heads Together's partners, The Campaign Against Living Miserably (CALM). The charity is dedicated to preventing male suicides — the single biggest killer of men under the age of 45 in the U.K.
William also said that he and his wife are hoping to encourage his children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte, to grow up feeling comfortable talking openly about their feelings.
Prince William and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge leave church on the Easter. Peter Nicholls / WPA Pool via Getty Images
“Catherine and I are clear that we want both George and Charlotte to grow up feeling able to talk about their emotions and feelings,” William told CALMzine.
He added: “Over the past year we have visited a number of schools together where we have been amazed listening to children talk about some quite difficult subjects in a really clear and emotionally articulate way— something most adults would struggle with. Seeing this has really given me hope that things are changing and that there is a generation coming up who find it normal to talk openly about their emotions.”
Anne of Green Gables may be a beloved novel but it shouldn't be kept in a glass case, says the actress who plays Marilla
Anne of Green Gables purists may be alarmed as the storylines in Netflix's Anne with an E veer further and further away from LM Montgomery's 1908 novel – but Geraldine James has made a powerful case for why the drama must take its own direction.
Advertisement
“I think it's brave,” James tells RadioTimes.com. “There are people who just go, ‘These books are precious,' and put them in a glass case and keep them like that.
“But if the material is good enough, then you can re-examine it. And I think what Moira [Walley-Beckett, the screenwriter] has done brilliantly with both seasons is to look at the material and be inspired by the material, so everything she's done is totally honest to the world we're dealing with.”
Season two of Anne with an E returns to the rural community of Avonlea in Canada, where an enthusiastic red-headed orphan named Anne (Amybeth McNulty) lives with the Cuthberts: elderly brother and sister duo Matthew (RH Thomson) and Marilla (Geraldine James).
But while the characters are straight out of the original Anne of Green Gables, their plot lines are not. Diverging from that first novel, Matthew has survived his season one heart attack and is almost back to full health, while Gilbert is newly-orphaned and has left Avonlea entirely – working in the engine room of a ship. What a shake-up of the story!
Perhaps most significantly for season two, the Cuthberts have welcomed two new lodgers to the house to help pay the bills, unaware that these men are thieves and liars with a plan.
But while you might not read about the lodgers nor Gilbert's naval adventures in the Montgomery novels, Anne with an E is true to the “essences of the book” and the author's characters and stories, James says.
“She [Walley-Beckett] goes out in new directions, but they're always based absolutely on the truth of the time, and the period and the place, so that makes it very exciting,” she explains. “She just develops it and reimagines it in that time, looking at it from this time.”
Still, the English actress admits she wasn't immediately keen to play Marilla, the woman with the “walnut shell” who initially wanted to send Anne back to the orphanage because she wasn't a boy. After all: wasn't this just a children's book about a little girl? Did she really want to spend years filming in Canada?
The script changed all that. “I read it and thought ‘oh, it's not that at all',” James says. “This was as a person who'd read Marilla about and gone, ‘I don't want to play that person,' but then you suddenly see round the back of her and what's she actually like and you get a glimpse of what's inside her and that is so much more interesting to act.”
James has also had some fun with Marilla in season two as the older lady has been bowled over by her attractive young male lodger Nate (Tara Lavren). With a few carefully-deployed compliments and the strategic removal of his shirt to reveal a muscled chest, Nate has charmed and flustered Marilla in a way we've never seen before.
“Poor deluded Marilla,” James laughs. “I thought, ‘For heavens sake, Marilla do pull yourselves together!'”
But Anne's adoptive mother hasn't had an easy time of it with love. Her early romance with John Blythe (Gilbert's father) ended sadly, and after that “everything to do with feeling and love has been chipped away at,” James says.
“Then this young bloke comes in and starts to sit rather too close to her and telling her she looks rather nice and all this stuff…”
It's been a surprising journey for Marilla from the moment little Anne arrived on her doorstep, full of curiosity and enthusiasm and calamity. But the “walnut shell” has begun to crack.
“The way this character has developed all the way through the first season and through this second one, that's heaven to act because it allows me to explore all of those different aspects and present them,” James says.
And how about a season three?
“I think we haven't got to the bottom of the story yet,” she tells us. “I think there's more to discover about all the characters…”
Advertisement
Anne with an E season two is available to watch on Netflix from Friday 6th July
Protesters march on Broad Street late Sunday Aug. 13, 2017, in Richmond, Va. The group marched through the Fan District to the Lee Monument to Jackson Ward. The march was held a day after a white supremacist rally spiraled into deadly violence in Charlottesville, Va. Richmond Times-Dispatch via AP Shelby Lum
Today Google has announced the release of MobileNets, a series of TensorFlow vision models built for comparatively low-power, low-speed platforms like mobile devices. In a cross-post on both the Open Source and Research blogs, Google released details about the new visual recognition software. Now even more useful machine learning tools can operate natively on your phone's hardware, in a fast and accurate way. And, future tools like Google Lens will be able to perform more functions locally, without as much need for mobile data, and without waiting.
It's one thing to run a machine learning network on a system with a ton of hardware power, without having to worry about things like battery life or sharing resources with other pesky apps or services. But, to pull the same feat on a mobile device, a situation where battery life is a concern, where any operation is going to be sharing hardware with basic requirements like a UI, and where you have a goal of maintaining a smooth 60fps experience is a different thing entirely.
The new MobileNets vision model will be useful for existing tools like Google Photos, which might be able to pre-process images you take to determine their content. But, the greatest use is likely to be with things like the coming Google Lens.
For those that might not be familiar, Google Lens was a new addition to the Assistant that was revealed during this year's I/O Keynote. Basically, it's an image recognition model that is able to provide you with information for whatever you point it at, and it further allows you to take that information and use it in a useful way. So not only can you point it at an object and have it identified, but the content of the image can also be used. One of the examples that well demonstrated the latter was pointing your phone's camera at the bottom of a router and having your phone automatically enter the printed SSID and password information and connect, all in just a few steps. No tapping away long strings of characters the next time you visit grandma's house.
With MobileNets now some of that workload, in the form of the image recognition neural network operating to identify content, can take place on your device. Landmarks, faces, objects, all these things may be capable of being identified without having to wait for a remote server to process the information for you. Local image recognition also increases a user's privacy, as less information (like the image being recognized) would have to be sent from the phone.
Google has released a few different versions of MobileNets based on your acceptable latency and space requirements, with a range of resulting certainty. As you would expect, the higher the latency, and the more space you can assign to the model, the greater the degree of accuracy.
The new software is open source, and if you are a developer and would like to read more, Google has a paper on the subject available here. You can also learn how to run these models at Google's Tensor Flow site, which has links to models for different platforms that you can play with. And, of course, you can read up on it in greater detail at the source links below.
Apple Fixes HomeKit Bug that Left Smart Gadgets Vulnerable
Apple has been forced to fix a security hole within its HomeKit smart home system that could have allowed hackers to unlock users' smart locks or other devices.
The bug within iOS 11.2 permitted unauthorized remote control of HomeKit-enabled devices. Such devices include smart lights, plugs and other gadgets, but also includes smart locks and garage door openers.
An Apple spokesperson said: “The issue affecting HomeKit users running iOS 11.2 has been fixed. The fix temporarily disables remote access to shared users, which will be restored in a software update early next week.”
The company said the temporary fix was made server side, meaning that users do not have to do anything for it to take effect, but also that it breaks some functionality of the system.
The vulnerability, disclosed to 9to5Mac, required at least one iPad, iPhone or iPod Touch running the latest software version iOS 11.2 to have connected to the iCloud account associated with the HomeKit system. Previous versions of iOS appear not to have been affected. To exploit the bug the attackers would need to know the email address associated with the Apple ID of the homeowner and knowledge of how the system worked.
Experts said that while issues with smart-home systems such as this impact consumer confidence in smart locks and other security devices, traditional locks can also be easily undermined with traditional picking techniques.
The security bug is just the latest in a series of issues affecting Apple's software on both its iPhone and Mac computers. Since November, iPhone and iPad users have been plagued with bugs affecting the autocorrect system, including issues typing the word “it” and the letter “I”, having it replaced with odd symbols.
Apple was also forced to apologize after a serious security flaw that allowed anyone to take control of a Mac running the latest version of macOS High Sierra with a blank password was revealed. The company rushed out a fix for the security bug, which then broke the file sharing system, which itself needed fixing in a later software update.
“We greatly regret this error and we apologize to all Mac users, both for releasing with this vulnerability and for the concern it has caused. Our customers deserve better,” Apple said at the time.
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Product shots by Apple.
Next Thursday, Dundee City Council will meet to decide how it intends to save more than £12 million from its spending next year.
Council leaders insist they will find a budget that protects frontline services – though critics claim further cuts, combined with price rises for several public services, will impact negatively on the public.
The Tele wants to know what you think. Where should the cuts be made? Who's to blame for them? And what areas should be protected from the squeeze on cash?
Tell us below, and we'll reveal the full results as part of our build-up to budget day next week.
FORT MYERS, FL (WCMH) — Pip, pip, hooray!
The first of two baby American bald eagles has hatched in Fort Meyers, Florida, delighting millions of people who have tuned in to watch the eaglets emerge.
Dick Pritchett Real Estate in Fort Myers provides nature lovers with a live look at Harriet and M15's nest with its Southwest Florida Eagle Cam. The real estate company has been providing a live look at the nest for four years now, offering a close-up look at the lives of female bald eagle Harriet and her mate, M15.
The eagle cam was launched in 2012. Back then, more than 16 million viewers watched Harriet and her mate Ozzie raise their two eaglets. This year, the stream has amassed more than 57,670,000 views so far, according to the site.
Harriet found her current mate M15 — short for “Male 2015” — last year after Ozzie died following a fight with another male eagle in the area, according to the eagle cam website. The pair successfully raised two eaglets that left the nest.
Now, Harriet and M15 are awaiting the hatching of two more eaglets. The pair has been taking turns incubating the two eggs in their nest high up in a slash pine tree. Harriet and M15 have been turning and rolling the eggs regularly, according to a blog about activity at the Southwest Florida Eagle Cam. M15 has also brought grass, sticks and fish to the nest.
Russ Ochs, with the Audubon Society and McGough Nature Park in Florida, told NBC affiliate WXIA the eggs “will likely hatch one day apart.”
Their parents will then take turns hunting and protecting the eaglets, Ochs said, and will stay at the nest for about three months, until they're grown and can fly. The eggs were laid on Nov. 22 and 25.
It can take an entire day for the hatchlings to completely break through their egg after pipping, according to the National Eagle Center.
2 NEWS APP users click here to watch live
Florida has one of the densest concentrations of nesting bald eagles in the United States, with an estimated 1,500 nesting pairs, the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission tells NBC News. The species was removed from the federal endangered species list in 2007 thanks to conservation efforts.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Swanky London restaurant The Ivy has revealed when its Birmingham restaurant will open.
The group behind the world-famous eatery is opening The Ivy Temple Row inside the former Louis Vuitton boutique in Temple Row.
It is one of the most anticipated restaurant openings in Birmingham this year.
First CGI images were released last month and show the restaurant will be decorated in The Ivy's signature green colours with contrasting burnt orange seating and polished marble floors.
It will have room for 135 people as well as a private dining room, which will seat a further 20 and will be pitched for celebrations and parties.
The company said the brasserie will have a focus on accessibility as well as glamour.
Although it will recommend restaurant goers book a table, it will also hold back a certain amount of covers each day for walk-in diners, for those wanting to casually pop in.
It will open early morning and late evenings seven days a week serving an all day menu of breakfasts, lunches, afternoon teas, cocktails, weekend brunches and dinner.
The restaurant will open on April 11.
(Image: Rewired PR)
Laura Bamber, operations manager for The Ivy Collection, said: "With a food scene as strong Birmingham's, the city is the perfect location for The Ivy Collection, and we're excited to open here later this spring.
"As Temple Row is situated right in the heart of the business district, we hope to become part of the local community."
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
It joins a long list of new restaurants opening in this area of the city.
Award-winning restaurant The Wilderness is due to open a new place inside a former building society in nearby Bennetts Hill. It closed its restaurant in Dudley Street last December to move into a bigger and more prominent city centre position.
Cuban cocktail bar and cantina Revolucion de Cuba will be opening opposite The Ivy in Temple Street this spring.
Also nearby, cocktail chain Dirty Martini will open inside the former Viva Brazil restaurant in Bennetts Hill.
Enjoy eating out? Check out restaurant recommendations and book on TripAdvisor and the Gourmet Society
Some of you might have noticed a new banner on the Google Home app in the Discover tab advertizing a deal on the SmartThings Hub. Luckily, that discount works regardless of whether you go through the banner or simply shop for the smart hub online, so you don't need a special link to save some dollars: it's half-off on several sites.
The Samsung SmartThings Hub v2 is a small square-shaped gadget that plugs into your router and acts as a middleman between your different smart gadgets. It connects to Z-Wave sensors and lights and locks, ZigBee lights, many WiFi devices, and it even has Bluetooth connectivity. The full list of compatible devices can be found here. Everyone who uses it praises how versatile it is at letting you set up scenes and automations so that things happen around the house without any manual intervention. There's an Android app to program everything and you can control things with voice if you have a Google Home or an Amazon Echo device.
The Hub v2's official MSRP is $99.99, but it often dips to $79.99. The $49.99 price only happened once before — last year around Black Friday — so it's a pretty rare discount and one you might want to think about if you're considering an extension to your smart home that might require different devices to work better together.
You can find the discounted $49.99 price on Amazon, Best Buy, and SmartThings' official site. There might be more, but I've checked several other places and it was out of stock there.
DENISON, Texas -- The Denison High School Robotics Team took home the third place prize at the Texas BEST Robotics state championship event over the weekend.
The team traveled to Frisco to compete against 70 other schools from all across Texas. Back in October, the Denison students said their goal was to make it to the top four.
"It was exhilarating because it's our best year so far," said senior Christopher Craze. "Last year we got 7th, and we've qualified for state for the last seven years... eight now. And it's just so nice to see us keep climbing and getting higher and higher on the scores."
The team is now preparing to compete in the FIRST Robotics Championship event against teams from around the world next spring in Houston.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
ATLANTA — A section of westbound Interstate 20 in Atlanta is closed after a section of the roadway bulged up from the ground and launched a motorcycle rider into the air Monday afternoon.
The DeKalb County Police initially said an underground gas leak caused the “defect” in the roadway in the southeast part of the city.
Fire officials later said crews were pumping concrete into old, abandoned gas lines under the freeway and there was some sort of malfunction that caused a build-up of air pressure. The air pressure eventually caused the ground under the roadway to surge upward.
HOV lane I20 WB buckled between Flat Shoals & Gresham. DOT on scene assessing damage. Avoid area pic.twitter.com/gLkv4eRzSB — DeKalb County Police (@DeKalbCountyPD) April 17, 2017
Officials with the DeKalb County Fire Rescue confirmed that the driver of a motorcycle hit the huge bump and was launched into the air. Officials say the motorcycle came to a stop about 200 feet from the bulge in the highway.
The motorcycle rider was hospitalized in critical condition after the crash, fire officials said.
DCFR & DOT units are onscene of a large buckle in the HOV lane @ I20 WB & Gresham Rd. https://t.co/9w72GFEB4F — DCFR Public Affairs (@DCFRpubaffairs) April 17, 2017
Officials said the buckled highway is causing a traffic “nightmare” for westbound travelers.
Just last month, Atlanta had another big problem on a different freeway.
A massive fire caused a section of Interstate 85 to collapse.
Crews said that section of highway would be closed for months during repairs.
It's nighttime in a forest in the western Indian state of Gujarat. By the light of his cell phone, camel herder Jat Saleh Amir, 18, pumps milk from the teats of groaning camels. The milk smells strong, like gamey butter.­­­
Later, I join his family around a fire by grass reed huts. Everyone watches as I take my first sip of frothy camel milk from a steel bowl. I gag a little and smile apologetically – the milk is fatty, sour and salty. It's nothing like any milk I've had before. "Tell them I like it!" I elbow my local interpreter Liyakat Ali Notiyar. When nobody is looking, I slide Notiyar the warm bowl. Having grown up on camel milk, he slurps it clean in an instant.
Few Indians outside this district of Kutch and its community of camel herders drink camel milk. But that's about to change as one of India's largest dairy brands is set to mass market it. The milk will be sourced from this community of nomadic camel herders called Maldharis who roam the district of Kutch.
Maldharis have herded camels and consumed the animal's milk for centuries. They drink camel milk tea and serve it plain with breakfast, lunch and dinner. And they consider the milk a cure-all – they tell stories about camel milk curing everything from acid reflux to fever and pregnancy ailments. They also believe it can help manage diabetes. Elisha Harissa, 45, who has diabetes and lives in a nearby village regularly drinks camel milk. He claims it regulates his blood sugar. A few studies suggest there may be some scientific merit to these claims – camel milk seems to help regulate insulin secretion and blood sugar levels in patients with Type1 diabetes – suggesting it could potentially be used alongside other medical treatments to manage diabetes. However, scientists are still investigating the therapeutic potential of camel milk.
Meanwhile, Amul plans to market camel milk primarily to people with Type1 diabetes. And the company's managing director, R.S. Sodhi, is confident the product will succeed, especially given the growing number of diabetics in the country. But he acknowledges there will be challenges. The main reason: the taste. Indians may not take to the unusual taste of camel milk. Even Kutch natives used to camel milk, like Asmok Ghor, whose grandparents transported goods back and forth to Pakistan on camels, can only stomach the sour milk if it's boiled with sugar or concealed as ice cream. "I'm sorry," Ghor says. "It's not about the camels, I don't like the milk."
Sahjeevan is working with the local Kutch Camel Breeder's Association to market creative camel products, including camel milk soap and camel milk chocolate. A few years ago, they even brought a European expert to teach herders how to make camel milk cheese. Amed Taju says the chocolate was a hit among the herders, but the cheese didn't take off.
The success of Amul's efforts with camel milk may help determine the future of Maldharis. Government-imposed restrictions on grazing land in recent years, a decline in the camel-for-transport market and the mining industries' encroachment on grazing land have led to a decline in the number of camels owned by these communities. Amed Taju, a community elder, has had to sell many of his camels to get by. Now, his herd is half the size it was five years ago. Life is hard these days, says Taju. His children aren't in school and he can't afford health care. "We are poor people," he says. "We are earning and eating, not saving."
This is where Amul can help, says Sodhi. Amul will purchase the milk for at least twice its current value, encouraging Maldharis to increase their herds. It won't be huge business for Amul, Sodhi says. "But for camel herders it will be big."
If he's able to sell camel milk routinely to Amul, Taju says he will build solid homes and send his grandchildren to boarding schools. "I see a future not for my sons and daughters," he says. "But for my grandson and granddaughters."
Shaina Shealy is a freelance multimedia journalist based in Jerusalem.
A 30-year-old man, Isyaka Dahiru, has got tongues wagging after he married two women at the same time in Nasarawa State. The event which took place on New Year eve, brought the number of his wives to three. Dahiru, a graduate of Accountancy from the state Federal Polytechnic, shared his pre-wedding photos with the two […]
The "Text & Textile" exhibition at the Yale Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library runs through Aug. 12, 2018.
Lots of conferences, exhibitions, and other sewing-related events are scheduled in June 2018.
Through Aug. 12: Text & Textile exhibition, New Haven, Connecticut
An exhibition, at the Yale University Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library, examines the junction of text and textiles in literature and politics. It includes some rare items: Gertrude Stein's waistcoat; the first folio edition of William Shakespeare's plays; Renaissance embroidered bindings; American samplers; poetry by Emily Dickinson, Langston Hughes, and Walt Whitman; and more. The exhibition is free and open to the public daily. See the library website for hours.
June 1–3: 45th Annual Quilters Unlimited Quilt Show, Merrifield, Virginia
The Quilters Unlimited show offers multiple demonstrations on topics ranging from mixed media to redwork and handbag construction. Choose from special classes led by top-of-the-line quilters. These classes require separate registration and payment. The show includes vendors selling a wide variety of supplies for your next project. General admission is $15 per day and $20 for three days; free for children 12 and under.
June 7–10: Palmer/Pletsch Sewing Workshop: Fit & Sew Fashion Knits, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Learn from sewing expert Pamela Leggett to master fitting and to sew knit garments. The four-day workshop covers the basics to ensure students can fit themselves and tackle the next project of their choice, whether it is a cardigan, dress, or jacket. Pamela will guide each student and provide sewing advice. Workshop: $750.
June 8–9: Crafting Live Show, Bolton, England
Vendors along with well-established crafting celebrities and presenters will be on hand during the two-day event at the USN Bolton Arena, including Nancy Watt, Debby Shore, and Andy Love. Unique to Crafting Live, the presenters offer “masterclass” workshops, in which participants create a project that they can take home. The workshops charge an extra fee. The show also features make-and-take sessions. General admission is $5 each daily, or $7.50 for both days.
June 14–16: 2018 Minnesota Quilters Quilt Show and Conference, St. Paul, Minnesota
The Minnesota Quilters Show, in its 40th year, includes several new features. One is a complimentary Learning Stage for all attendees to sit in and learn from several of the 100-plus show vendors. Another is Quilt Bombing, a fiber form of graffiti or street art, to mark the show's 40th anniversary. A meet-the-teachers social also is planned June 15. Choose from many classes and lectures, check out the special quilt exhibits, peruse the merchant mall, and attend the grand banquet. A single-day pass is $14 for non-Minnesota Quilters members, $12 for members, and $5 for children ages 5 to 12. There are additional fees for classes.
June 21–23: The Quilt Show Reno, Reno, Nevada
The show provides three days to shop, socialize, and sew at the Grand Sierra Resort. Numerous lectures, workshops, and demonstrations are planned. Attendees can learn sewing and quilting tips and techniques for free at the main stage. They also have the option to register for classes in advance on the show website. A Hundred of quilts will be displayed by national and local quilt artists. While at the event, enter daily prize drawings and the opportunity to win a grand prize. Admission is $10 for one day, $15 for two days, and $24 for three days. There's free admission for children 12 and under.
Sign up for the Threads eletter Get the latest including tips, techniques and special offers straight to your inbox. ×
She was preceded in death by her two brothers, Charles Smith, Jesse A. Smith; and two sisters, Lena Mae Harris and Betty Wade-McCadden.
Survivors include her son, Oscar F. Smith III; nephews, Benjamin Harris, Wade Hurd; nieces, Martha Alexander, Bertha Page; and many other family and friends.
Neuble Monument Funeral Home at 1330 Bluebird Road is in charge of arrangements, 615-444-3117.
With The Lebanon Democrat's new obituary email newsletter, you can stay up to date and have the latest obituary notices sent directly to your inbox as they are published. Click here to sign up today.
Knoxville, Tenn. – The Tennessee Valley Authority is seeking the public comment on proposed updates to the plans it uses to manage public land surrounding eight of its reservoirs, along with changes to the comprehensive land plan used Valley-wide. Comments will be accepted through Jan. 31, 2017, and at five public meetings scheduled throughout the area.
The TVA board will meet at Paris Landing State Park for one of its public hearings, set for 5-7:30 p.m. January 12.
In February 2016, TVA initiated an environmental review to consider alternative land management plans for eight reservoirs that are surrounded by 138,222 acres of that land. The reservoirs — located in Tennessee, Kentucky and Alabama — are Chickamauga, Fort Loudoun, Great Falls, Kentucky, Nickajack, Normandy, Wheeler and Wilson.
Five of the reservoirs – Kentucky, Wheeler, Nickajack, Chickamauga and Wilson – had previous land plans developed. Similar plans are proposed for Fort Loudoun, Great Falls and Normandy reservoirs. Updates to those plans will be reflected in the Comprehensive Valley-wide Land Plan.
A public scoping period was conducted in mid-2016 and comments received from interested parties have been considered in a draft Environmental Impact Statement released November 29, 2016.
The public is now being invited to comment on the draft EIS. Five public meetings are scheduled to allow interested residents to learn more about the proposed land plans and obtain additional information from TVA staff members:
Jan. 10, 2017 — TVA West Tower Auditorium, 400 W. Summit Hill Dr., Knoxville, Tenn. (5:00 to 7:30 p.m.)
Jan. 11, 2017 — Manchester Coffee County Conference Center, 147 Hospitality Blvd, Manchester, Tenn. (5:00 to 7:30 p.m.)
Jan. 12, 2017 — Paris Landing State Park, 16055 U.S. 79, Buchanan, Tenn. (5:00 to 7:30 p.m.)
Jan. 18, 2017 — Chattanooga Convention Center, 1150 Carter St., Chattanooga, Tenn. (5:00 to 7:30 p.m.)
Jan. 19, 2017 — TVA Multi-Purpose Building, 1010 Reservation Road, 112 Nickajack Ct., Muscle Shoals, Ala. (5:00 to 7:30 p.m.)
A copy of the draft EIS and additional details about the proposed land plans for each reservoir can be found on TVA's website at www.tva.gov/landplanreview.
Comments regarding the draft EIS must be received no later than Jan. 31, 2017. They may be submitted online, mailed to Matthew Higdon, 400 West Summit Hill Dr., WT 11D, Knoxville, Tennessee 37902 or e-mailed to mshigdon@tva.gov or landplans@tva.gov. All comments received, including names and addresses, will become part of the project administrative record and will be available for public inspection.
TORONTO — Firefighters say a large blaze that led to the evacuation of six buildings and shut down parts of midtown Toronto is now under control.
Toronto Fire Chief Matthew Pegg says the fire was extinguished at 5:45 a.m. Wednesday, nearly a day after it began burning at The Badminton and Racquet Club.
He says no one was seriously injured as more than 100 firefighters at any given time battled the blaze.
Pegg says residents and office workers won't be allowed back into the evacuated buildings until Wednesday afternoon at the earliest as they deal with expected hot spots and flare-ups throughout the day.
He says crews are now dealing with a large volume of water that has seeped into nearby buildings and hydro vaults.
He is unsure how many people were affected by the evacuations, but said only four residents needed emergency shelter overnight, with everyone else staying with family and friends.
Pegg says the Office of the Fire Marshal will begin its investigation Wednesday, but says it's still too early to know the cause and origin of the blaze.
The Canadian Press
The two superstars of Bollywood - Shahrukh Khan and Salman Khan are back on television. Salman is hosting Bigg Boss 11, while SRK will be seen presenting TED Talks India. Also, Akshay Kumar will be seen on The Great Indian Laughter Challenge.
It has to be recalled that during Bigg Boss 11 launch, Salman had praised SRK and Akshay as great hosts. Read on to know what SRK has to say...
SRK Was Never Offered The Show With BB Format! SRK says that he has not opposed hosting Bigg Boss, but has never been offered a show in the format. He even added that he would do the controversial reality show if he is not busy with any other project and is offered good money. SRK Says... The superstar was quoted by PTI as saying, "There is no question of being a host to X or Y (show) that all movie stars are doing, they have interesting things to say. I have never been approached for a show of that format. If offered, if I am free and if the money is good I will (do it)." 'Salman & Akshay Are In The League Of Their Own' SRK even said that he is not competing with any of his contemporaries. He added, "To be very honest, Salman Khan and Akshay Kumar what they are doing...They are in the league of their own. I am not even competing with them. They are doing wonderfully well and it is sweet of Salman what he said." SRK Says... "Having said that, I am not saying that this show is so different that we are not competing on the platform. In no way I want be derisive of the entertainment that they will provide on television through the respective shows that they are doing." TED Talks Is Different He says that all the three shows are different and are unique in their concept. He added that the show (TED Talks) will have entertainment and is about sharing ideas.
(With PTI Inputs)
Sanju Teaser Reaction: Ranbir Kapoor | Sanjay Dutt | Rajkumar Hirani | FilmiBeat
The much awaited teaser of Sanjay Dutt's biopic titled Sanju is finally out and Ranbir Kapoor captures the heart, mind and soul of the actor and looks exactly like him in every single frame. From the way he walks to the mannerisms and his body language, Ranbir Kapoor has totally hit the nail right with this one. Most of all, the teaser is very entertaining and will keep you hooked.
View the teaser of Sanju starring Ranbir Kapoor below!
It's such an awesome teaser, right? We're sure you must have clicked the play button at least twice as watching it once will not make you satisfied. The life of Sanjay Dutt had various ups and downs and each decade saw the actor's life take a different turn from the good to bad and vice versa. The best part of it all is that Sanjay Dutt survived every incident and braved everything that was thrown at him.
Even after he was out from the prison, Sanjay Dutt went on to star in Bhoomi. Despite the movie not doing that well at the box office, he has not lost hope and is still doing everything to make it to the top. 'His never say die' attitude is what makes him stand apart from the rest and Rajkumar Hirani has showcased life on the silver screen as he knows him up close and personal.
ABC News(NEW YORK) — Korean beauty products — otherwise known as K-Beauty — have taken the internet by storm, popping up on social media posts by celebrities.
These viral products and regimen are not only limited to celebrities and beauty bloggers. The latest Korean craze has lined up beauty aisles of big stores like Walmart and Target – a slice of the estimated $7.1 billion K-Beauty market in 2016.
“Nightline” traveled to the source of some of the more exotic ingredients in South Korea to understand the reason behind the popularity of these products.
Thirty miles outside Seoul, the fortune of Farmer Lee's donkey farm turned around when the animal's milk became an important source of a core K-Beauty ingredient – milk.
Historically, donkeys were the preferred means of transport for Korean aristocrats because of their slow pace, but today the entire farm is dedicated to producing milk that ends up in beauty products.
On this particular farm, donkeys are milked manually after which the milk is immediately frozen. Rumor has it that the milk has so many benefits that even Cleopatra bathed in it.
And, donkeys are not alone.
Snails, which were traditionally used as food, have also made a comeback with Korean beauty companies using snail mucus as an ingredient in some of their most popular products.
Yongho Kim owns a farm with around 300,000 snails whose mucus is extracted very carefully.
“For two to three days, you don't feed the snail and you clean it – you can't have any waste,” Yongho Kim told “Nightline.” “And then you gently tickle the snail. Then the snail gets mad and it creates mucin.”
Once collected, the ingredients are taken to the laboratory to be made into products.
“Donkey's milk has much more protein than cow's milk, and it is known for its properties for immunity,” a chemist for the Korean beauty company Soo Ae explained to “Nightline.” “Snail mucin is also a very sticky mucus, so it helps create a barrier on your skin to prevent your skin from drying out.”
Some skeptics believe that the craze isn't about the purported benefits of Korean beauty products – rather, it's a successful concerted marketing effort by the Korean government to advertise their products cool and desirable.
“The Korean cool concept started out kind of on a lark but it became a government priority and government necessity after the Asian financial crisis,” Euny Hong, author of “The Birth of Korean Cool,” told “Nightline.”
According to Hong, the South Korean government realized after the Asian financial crisis in 1997 that by depending on just a few mega-conglomerates like Samsung for the GDP, they were leaving themselves at risk for major economic crises.
“If one big company defaults in Korea, everyone is kind of in trouble,” Hong said. “And they realized we need other industries. We can't just have these heavy industries, we can't just do semiconductors.”
The South Korean government's solution? Investing into pop culture as a major focus in economic diversification.
“One of the ideas floated was, why don't we focus on popular culture because you don't need a big infrastructure to enter this business? You don't have to build factories, you just need time and talent,” Hong said.
That sparked a national effort by the South Korean government to export culture as an attractive selling point to an outside audience.
“They financed the translation of all the dramas at the beginning, and even now they pay for translation into all sorts of obscure languages,” said Hong.
The investment has paid off in not just popularizing Korean dramas, K-Pop, a South Korean music genre and K-Beauty, but in also creating symbiotic relationships between them.
According to Hong, K-Pop stars have frequently become brand ambassadors for K-beauty products, which in turn reap benefits for the farmers producing the raw materials in South Korea and beauty companies like Soo Ae, which ships around 10 million face masks a day around the world.
The beauty industry has been a form of high interest to South Koreans. According to the International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons, about one in five South Korean women undergo plastic surgery. With the streets of Seoul lined with hundreds of clinics, the country has emerged as one of the world's foremost beauty destinations, attracting people from around the globe all flocking to get procedures done.
Whether it's pure marketing or the lure of exotic ingredients, people are cashing in, as the K-beauty industry has more than doubled in size between 2014 and 2016 – all contributing to the legend of K-Beauty and its benefits.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
A man in Illinois had a case of mistaken identity when police officers approached him after he crashed his car into a ditch.
Police officers arrived on scene at 12:49 a.m. Friday after being notified of a man driving erratically in the parking lot, almost hitting a pedestrian and then crashing his car. When police approached the Galesburg, IL, man, he claimed his name was “Burger King.”
According to reports, the 34-year-old Bradley S. Galloway told officers his name was “Burger King,” and he smelled like alcohol. Officers noted Galloway's eyes were bloodshot and glassy, WGIL reported.
Galloway failed to cooperate with officers or medical personnel, and refused medical assitance. During an inspection by the EMTs, Galloway made racial slurs towards the paramedics multiple times.
The man then refused to stand up by himself and required police to carry him into the police station.
Galloway continued to make “several unusual comments, including ‘Donald Trump is coming to beat up'” the officers, The Register-Mail reported.
Eventually, he was transported to the hospital, where he implied that a doctor was coming to give him a million dollars. When he was transferred back to the county jail, Galloway told officers, “You all believe in Satan. You all worship Satan. You all driving me to Satan's town,” WGIL reported.
The man faces charges including driving under the influence, resisting arrest, reckless driving, failing to reduce speed to avoid and accident and operating an uninsured vehicle.
Witnesses alleged earlier that they tried to take his keys away from him when Galloway left the Showgirls bar, but were unable to.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – The Minnesota Vikings announced Monday they've acquired Trevor Siemian in a trade with the Denver Broncos.
Siemian will serve as the Vikings' back-up quarterback to Kirk Cousins, who signed a three-year contract with the Vikings in free agency. Cousins will make a guaranteed $84 million.
Siemian was a seventh round draft pick by the Broncos in 2015. He has appeared in 26 games in Denver, with 24 starts in the last two seasons. He has 5,685 total passing yards with 30 touchdowns and has completed 59.3 percent of his passes.
He's 13-11 as a starting quarterback.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
To the Editor:
I wonder who paid for the ad in last week's Town Topics supporting the school bond referendum?
State law requires a group of two or more individuals acting jointly to promote the passage of a public question, and expecting to raise or expend at least $2,800 for the campaign, to appoint a campaign treasurer, establish a bank account and file a report within 10 days with the New Jersey Election Law Enforcement Commission. ELEC's website doesn't show any political committee in support of the Princeton Public School's bond issue, and the ad reads only “Paid Advertisement.” Maybe each signatory was moved by love of open classrooms to drop by Town Topics' office and independently pay for an ad?
The more likely instigator is the Princeton Public Schools, or one of the entities that it controls. Such covert advocacy would be consistent with a school board that's trying to ram through an extension of the sending agreement with rapidly growing Cranbury in order to bake in forecasts of Princeton High School overcrowding. But shouldn't such Princeton Public Schools advocacy be disclosed to Princeton voters? And shouldn't Princeton's media, even if they are being paid to run ads, be reporting on this potential violation of the public trust and potential violation of state law?
Pat O'Connell
Dundee has the most reliable street lights of any Scottish city, averaging more than eight years between repairs, according to a new report.
The Annual Street Lighting Partnership review also shows the city consumes the least amount of electricity per street light and has the lowest carbon dioxide emissions.
Next week Dundee City Council's city development committee will consider the report which also reveals that in 2015/16 more columns and lanterns were replaced as part of a planned maintenance programme than in any other Scottish city.
Mark Flynn, the committee's depute convener said: “Any way you choose to cut this report it is a shining example of the benefits of the street lighting partnership between the council, Tayside Contracts and our neighbours in Perth and Kinross Council.
“To help reduce the fear of crime and to help the authorities with facial recognition Dundee also has the highest percentage of modern white light sources in Scotland, and the highest percentage of dimmable street lights of any city in the country.
“Our move to more than 4,200 LED street lights has stopped 2,165 tonnes of carbon dioxide being put into the environment over three years.
“The street lightning partnership has also used its expertise and experience to bring customised coloured lighting to the waterfront at Slessor Gardens and I am sure that it will continue to go from strength to strength until its three yearly review in 2018.”
The partnership also says it will continue to develop new technologies and innovations as and when they become available, particularly to reduce energy consumption and maintenance costs.
The city development committee meets on Monday August 21.
The Malayalam film audiences are eagerly awaiting for the big arrival of the Mammootty starrer Abrahaminte Santhathikal to the theatres. The film, directed by Shaji Padoor, will grace the big screens on June 16, 2018 as an Eid release. Well, all the posters of Abrahaminte Santhathikal have met a grand reception. Each poster of the movie has had something or the other to offer special and rightly, they have turned out to be the most celebrated movie posters of the recent times.
Meanwhile, the audiences have been eager to know more about the arrival of the teaser/trailer of the film, such is the hype that the posters have set. Now, here is big news regarding the trailer of Abrahaminte Santhathikal.
According to the latest reports that have come in, the trailer of Abrahaminte Santhathikal is on its way and it will be releasing on June 06, 2018. The information regarding the same was sent out through the Facebook page of Goodwill Entertainments, the production house of the movie.
It has been mentioned that the trailer will be launched at 7pm on June 6, 2018 in Kochi. The date and venue of the same will be announced later.
Well, let us hope that the trailer of Abrahaminte Santhathikal will create the same impact that the posters did. Upon its arrival in online circuits, the trailer is sure to break some big records.
The remains of 13 Chinese men who came to Nevada in the 1800s were reburied Tuesday after being exhumed more than two decades ago for archaeological study.
It's the end of more than 21 years of waiting for Lijuchin “Lee” Chin, a restaurant owner in Carlin, Nevada, who has been involved in the case since a property owner in the city found the remains in his backyard in November 1996.
- Advertisement -
U.S. Forest Service archaeologist Fred Frampton dusts off the remains of one of 13 Chinese men who were buried in Carlin around the turn of the century, then all but forgotten in November 1996.Mark Waite / Elko Daily Free Press via AP file
Chin's customers came to her then and said she had to go see what was happening after the remains were found. When she made it to the scene, archaeologists were already investigating, Chin recalled.
It turned out that the property was a forgotten Chinese cemetery, according to Professor Emerita Sue Fawn Chung of the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, who assisted in researching the identities of the men. The 13 were a small fraction of the thousands of Chinese immigrants who migrated to the American West to work in gold mines starting in 1848. Some settled in Carlin after the gold rush.
“In 1868 the Central Pacific Railroad went through Carlin and some of the Chinese found a place in the desert with a natural spring to grow produce,” Chung said.
While there were many Chinese in the city during the late 1800s, according to Margaret Johnston, a member of the city council, very few remain today in the city of about 2,400. The 2010 U.S. Census counted just three people of Chinese descent in the city that year.
While the discovery was exciting for the archaeologists, Chin wanted to make sure the bodies were handled properly.
“I told the professor at the site that when you finish all this research, please rebury them and they said ‘Oh yeah, we will do it,'” Chin said.
I've waited for this day too long. I can't believe it. I am so happy that they can finally come home. This is their home.
Johnston, a member of the Carlin city council, said the research project was initially only supposed to take 6 months to a year.
The remains were originally sent to the Nevada State Museum, according to The Associated Press and Elko Daily Free Press, and were eventually transferred to the University of Nevada, Las Vegas anthropology department.
They were studied by scientists from the Smithsonian, a group from National Geographic, and the University of Nevada, Las Vegas graduate students, according to Chung.
The research led to the detailing of Chinese burial practices: The caskets contained personal items like tobacco pipes, opium pipes, eyeglasses, and coins to be used in the afterlife, according to Chung.
“Research takes a long time and once the studies were done, UNLV Anthropology Department had to have Carlin agree to take back the remains for reburial in the Carlin public cemetery as part of the original agreement,” she said.
Chin said she reached out to Johnston about four or five months ago to help retrieve the remains.
“We just did everything right. We talked to the funeral home. We found out what kind of permitting we needed,” Johnston said. “It was a long tedious process because people don't do that every day.”
Local residents helped prepare the remains for reburial, building and painting 13 caskets, Chin said. More than $600 worth of materials were donated by a local Home Depot and a local resident, she added.
Chin and her husband organized the ceremony, incorporating Chinese burial traditions, including incense burning and fresh flower arrangements as well as a meal for the attendees.
“I've waited for this day too long. I can't believe it. I am so happy that they can finally come home. This is their home,” Chin said. “I'm not going to let anybody touch them again.”
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
You don't have to go far to find people with serious concerns about the future of the stock market and the economy.
Roll all those people into one and you get Harry Dent Jr.
At a time when the election has Americans seemingly obsessed with the worst parts of the country and ignoring the rest, it's not surprising that Dent's message — that big trouble is coming — resonates with a lot of people.
It doesn't resonate with me, however, which is why I wanted to chat with Dent again recently.
I know the popular thing to do these days with people with whom you disagree and who don't believe the way you do is to shun them or shame them, unfriend them and ignore them, but I figure you learn more from hearing the other side than from scorning them.
The conversation with Dent was a good reminder of why disagreement makes a market. It's a lesson most investors should learn and revisit because while Dent's position is extreme, his arguments aren't.
Dent has long been seen as a prophet of gloom and doom. He has, at times in his career, called for the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.29% to hit 35,000 and 3,800. The latter is his current forecast, and has been for at least five years now, though it is most clearly stated in his new book, “The Sale of a Lifetime: How the Great Bubble Burst of 2017 Can Make You Rich.”
He believes that demographics ultimately determine the long-term direction of economies and markets, and there is no question he has had some hits among the misses, most notably for me when he said demography had Japan headed for long-term trouble at a time when most experts would have bet the ranch on the country's long-term prosperity.
His often-spectacular misses typically are forgotten in the hype over the next prediction.
It would be easy to suggest he's like the proverbial stopped clock — right twice a day — but the truth is that he's more like a clock that is running fast or slow, which might only be right once every great while.
His current call is for a bubble bursting next year, driving the Dow into the 3,800 range by 2020. He sees three things as likely catalysts to start that downturn.
First, he sees the current issues with Deutsche Bank DB, +1.57% portending bigger economic problems for banking and central bankers in Europe.
“We will see Italy move into some sort of default zone in the months ahead,” he said in an appearance on “MoneyLife with Chuck Jaffe” this week, “and that's going to bring the whole eurozone into a crisis, especially Germany. “
Next, he sees fracking as “totally a bubble industry,” along with oil generally. “We have said for year that oil is going [to be priced] from $8 to $20 before it bottoms, and I think you will see something like that in the next year,” Dent said. “That kills the frackers and that's a whole series of defaults and junk-bond problems” that will expand and damage the overall economy.
Third, Dent fears economic events in China, which has “the greatest real estate bubble in the world” along with “a stock bubble that already has started to burst.”
Rolled together into a forecast that includes Dow 3,800, and Dent winds up only favored by the most extreme pessimists.
But in talking to chief economists, market strategists and others — something I do every day — and asking them about their biggest fears, the concerns Dent mentioned have all been somebody else's bugaboo. So has a basic increase in interest rates, the outcome of the presidential election and more.
What those other experts almost universally agree with — and what Dent seems to ignore — is that bull markets tend to end when the market is euphoric and investors feel it's a can't-miss. No one has felt that way for years, and Wall Street has climbed that proverbial wall of worry to new heights; investors' moods aren't changing any time soon.
Neither is Dent's forecast, and not just because he has the new book to promote.
Moreover, his message will continue to ring with investors because there is one thing he is historically right about, namely that when markets turn and bubbles burst, the initial action is the most violent and damaging.
“The first whack is the worst, so people who say ‘I'm going to hang in there and see if Harry is right' will still be hit the hardest,” he explained. “This is a bubble. It will burst. It's just very hard to say when.”
For anyone who believes that, the likely message is to keep some money invested in the market in case the forecast is wrong.
For anyone who believes the opposite — who gleans through the economic numbers and makes the case that the slow-growth economy will lead to further years of slow-steady growth — the strategy is the opposite, involving keeping some money in safe havens.
What you learn from watching the extreme forecasters on either side is that moderation, diversification and a middle-of-the-road strategy is best in the long term.
You'd rather be mostly right most of the time than exactly right very rarely.
The extremists will be right, again, at some point. Listening to them is smart, because each individual idea is not necessarily severe or whacko; ignoring them may make you feel better, but you'll miss out on a viewpoint that, however radical, will make you a better-informed investor.
Editor's note: This article was first published in October. Dent's latest book publishes Jan. 3.
Bellshill and Uddingston MSP Richard Lyle has expressed his anger at RBS for refusing to reconsider closing its Bellshill and Tannochside branches.
According to RBS, an average of 96 customers visit the Bellshill branch each week and 55 go to Tannochside. Mr Lyle has disputed these figures and wrote to chief executive Ross McEwan urging a rethink.
Mr Lyle also collected a petition with hundreds of signatures, and while the bank has acknowledged the strength of feeling locally it won't budge.
In a letter to Mr Lyle, Les Matheson, CEO of Personal and Business Banking, wrote: “I do understand your disappointment with our decision. The strength of feeling on this decision is clear from the petition and number of signatures on it from local customers and residents.
“I appreciate how much the branch means to the community and that our decision has saddened a lot of people. We have considered this decision very carefully and won't be revising it.”
Bellshill and Tannochside will shut on June 11 and June 14 respectively, and the bank has offered to ‘train' customers in alternatives.
Mr Matheson wrote: “We are communicating with our customers affected by the closure of the branches and proactively contacting vulnerable customers and regular branch users.
“We know not all of our customers are comfortable or familiar with using online or mobile banking, so we have created a new specialist taskforce who will be dedicated to providing our customers with training and support with digital skills until the branches close.”
Mr Lyle believes as the bank was bailed out by taxpayer money it should listen to the needs of the public more.
He said: “I am angry that a bank which is mainly owned by the taxpaper will not listen to the needs of local residents.
“Previously having worked for RBS I always had a high regard for the bank, on this occasion I feel let down.”
Updated at 2:30 p.m. ET
Almost 48 hours after violence engulfed Charlottesville, Va., President Trump called out white nationalist groups by name. Trump's remarks on Monday followed criticism that his initial statement about the clash of protesters did not condemn racist groups specifically.
"Racism is evil, and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," the president said from the White House.
Trump began his remarks talking about his economic accomplishments and plans for trade negotiations before turning his attention to the events over the weekend in Virginia. After the Charlottesville City Council had voted earlier this year to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from one of its parks, white nationalist groups — including white supremacists, the alt-right, the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazis — descended on the city for a "Unite the Right" rally.
On Friday night, they marched on the normally sleepy college town, home to the University of Virginia, carrying torches. On Saturday conditions turned deadly as hundreds of the white nationalists, some carrying Confederate flags and shields and others in militia-like gear, clashed with counterprotesters in the city streets.
At one point a silver Dodge Challenger, allegedly driven by 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. of Ohio, rammed into a street filled with counterprotesters. Heather Heyer, 32, was killed, and at least 19 others were injured. Fields was charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit and run.
President Trump expressed sympathy to Heyer's family as well as to the families of Virginia State Troopers Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Berke M.M. Bates, who died when their helicopter that was patrolling Saturday's event crashed.
"These three fallen Americans embody the goodness and decency of our nation," Trump said. "In times such as these, America has always shown its true character, responding to hate with love, division with unity, and violence with an unwavering resolve for justice."
Trump spoke after meeting with newly installed FBI Director Christopher Wray and Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the White House. He said that the Department of Justice had opened a civil rights investigation into the car attack.
"To anyone who acted criminally at this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered," the president said.
Sessions told ABC News on Monday morning that the car crash that had killed Heyer "does meet the definition of domestic terrorism."
"You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought, because this is unequivocally an unacceptable, evil attack," he said.
The president's condemnations may be too little, too late for those who criticized Trump's initial remarks — and Trump may have missed a critical moment to be the nation's healer in chief. On Saturday, Trump claimed that the clashes were a result of "hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides." Top Republicans, among others, quickly criticized him for not calling out by name the white supremacists, alt-right, KKK and neo-Nazi groups that began the protests.
"Mr. President — we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism," Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo., who heads up the GOP Senate campaign committee, tweeted on Saturday.
The White House put out an unsigned statement on Sunday morning, saying that, "The President said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups. He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together."
Vice President Pence had gone further than the president in his own comments, telling reporters Sunday night while traveling in Colombia, "We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK. These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms."
Trump has been blamed for being slow to criticize white supremacist groups in the past — even as he regularly attacks other targets on Twitter. During the 2016 campaign, Trump came under fire for not immediately disavowing the endorsement of David Duke, a former KKK grand wizard.
Duke, who attended the march in Virginia, said on Saturday that participants' aim was "to fulfill the promises of Donald Trump. That's what we believed in. That's why we voted for Donald Trump, because he said he's going to take our country back."
Duke later responded to one of the president's tweets condemning the violence by saying, "I would recommend you take a good look in the mirror & remember it was White Americans who put you in the presidency, not radical leftists."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
70 PEOPLE IDENTIFIED AS DEAD OR PRESUMED DEAD TWO MONTHS AFTER GRENFELL FIRE
Police believe at least 80 people have died following the Grenfell Tower fire.
Two months on, and using official information from authorities and appeals from family and friends, the Press Association has identified 70 people either killed or presumed dead as a result of the blaze.
VULNERABLE CHILDREN LEFT WITHOUT HELP AS COUNCILS CUT SERVICES - CHARITY
Thousands of children in England referred to social services over concerns including abuse and neglect are not getting the help they need, a charity has said.
Action for Children has warned that up to 140,000 youngsters do not meet the threshold for social care and are not referred to early help after their case is closed.
In their latest report, Revolving Door, the charity said vulnerable children not at crisis point are being left without help as cash-strapped councils are forced to shrink or abandon services.
GOLDERS GREEN STABBING: MAN CHARGED WITH MURDERING MOTHER AND SISTER
A 27-year-old man is due in court today charged with murdering his mother and sister in north-west London.
Scotland Yard said two women aged 33 and 66 were stabbed to death in Golders Green Crescent, Golders Green, on Friday.
The victims have been named in reports as Hannah Cohen and Leah Cohen.
MAN, 23, CHARGED WITH NORFOLK MURDER OF DOG-WALKING OAP
A 23-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a grandfather who was attacked as he walked his dogs.
Peter Wrighton, 83, from The Moor, Banham, Norfolk, was repeatedly stabbed in the neck and head.
His body was found in woodland near the village of East Harling on August 5.
RAIL FARES 'HAVE RISEN TWICE AS MUCH AS WAGES SINCE 2010'
Rail fares have increased twice as much as pay since 2010, according to new research ahead of news on how many prices will go up next year.
Commuters and other passengers will find out on Tuesday how much extra they will be charged from the new year.
The Government links the annual January rise in Britain's regulated fares with the previous July's Retail Price Index (RPI) measure of inflation, which will be announced by the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
THERESA MAY Head BACK INTO BREXIT BATTLE
Theresa May is expected to be back in Downing Street this week as ministers prepare to flesh out their negotiating position on Brexit.
The return of the Prime Minister, who has spent three weeks on holiday in Italy with her husband Philip, coincides with the publication this week of a series of new position papers on Brexit - including one on the fraught issue of the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic.
It is thought that it will include an offer of continued free movement for Irish nationals in and out of the UK once Britain has left the EU in March 2019.
ARMED POLICE TO WEAR HEAD CAMERAS
Firearm officers working in the capital will be given head-mounted cameras to boost transparency, more than three years after the plans were first mooted.
The Metropolitan Police said officers working for armed response units will have the devices attached to baseball caps and ballistic helmets.
Cameras have already been given to 17,500 officers in the country's largest police force, with the latest tranche seeing 1,000 members of Firearms Command getting the devices.
JUDGE TO DECIDE ON RECALLING EVIDENCE FROM PUPILS OVER ANN MAGUIRE MURDER
A judge is to rule on a challenge against a coroner's decision not to call evidence from pupils who had contact with the schoolboy killer of teacher Ann Maguire immediately before the murder.
Mrs Maguire's husband Don, children and nephews want Mr Justice Holroyde to order the decision taken by assistant West Yorkshire coroner Kevin McLoughlin to be reconsidered.
An inquest into Mrs Maguire's death is due to take place before a jury at Wakefield Coroner's Court in November.
MAN ACCUSED OF DEADLY ATTACK AT CHARLOTTESVILLE PROTEST 'IDOLISED HITLER'
The young man accused of ploughing a car into a crowd of anti-fascist protesters in Virginia was fascinated with Nazism, idolised Adolf Hitler, and had been singled out by at school for his "deeply held, radical" convictions on race, one of his former teachers has said.
James Fields also confided that he had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when he was younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication, Derek Weimer said.
In high school, Fields was an "average" student, but had a keen interest in military history, Hitler, and Nazi Germany, said Mr Weimer, his social studies teacher at Randall K Cooper school in Union, Kentucky.
AT LEAST 17 KILLED AS GUNMEN TARGET BURKINA FASO RESTAURANT
Suspected Islamic extremists have attacked a Turkish restaurant popular with foreigners in Burkina Faso's capital, killing at least 17 people.
It is the second such attack on a restaurant in the last two years.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence, which continued into the early hours of Monday with yet another heavy exchange of gunfire overheard by witnesses.
Hundreds of HP Laptops, Tablets Found with Pre-Installed Keylogger
A security researcher has found that hundreds of different models of HP notebooks, tablets and other devices include a keylogger that could track and record every keystroke a user makes. Linked to touchpad drivers made by Synaptics, the keylogger is disabled by default and can be fixed with security patches released by HP last month.
The keylogger was discovered by security researcher Michael Myng, who publicly disclosed his findings in a blog post Thursday. In his post, Myng said that he messaged HP about his discovery and the company responded quickly by confirming the issue and releasing a software update to resolve the problem.
HP said neither it nor Synaptics "has access to customer data as a result of this issue." However, after a registry change, the keylogger could enable a malicious actor to monitor a user's keyboard activity.
More than 450 Affected Devices
Writing under the handle "ZwClose," Myng said he discovered the keylogger after an associate asked whether he could find a way to control the keyboard backlighting on an HP laptop. When he opened the keyboard driver SynTP.sys, Myng said he noticed "a few interesting strings," in particular, one that looked like a format string for a keylogger.
"I messaged HP about the finding," Myng said. "They replied terrificly [sic] fast, confirmed the presence of the keylogger (which actually was a debug trace) and released an update that removes the trace."
In a Nov. 7 security update, HP provided links to software patches for more than 450 products, including multiple models of the HP Notebook, HP EliteBook, HP Mobile Thin Client, HP ProBook, HP Spectre Pro and HP ZBook Mobile Workstation. The company said that affected users should install the appropriate update for their devices as soon as possible.
Second Keylogger Issue this Year
"A potential security vulnerability has been identified with certain versions of Synaptics touchpad drivers that impacts all Synaptics OEM partners," HP said in last month's security bulletin. "A party would need administrative privileges in order to take advantage of the vulnerability."
This isn't the first time such an issue has affected HP devices. In May, researchers with Switzerland-based security company Modzero reported finding a keylogging vulnerability in the Conexant audio drivers in HP laptops.
That problem, like the one reported by Myng, was blamed on debugging code that had been inadvertently left by developers. It also affected numerous models, including HP EliteBooks, ProBooks, and ZBooks.
In a statement acknowledging the May keylogger discovery, HP said it had "no access to customer data as a result of this issue. Our supplier partner developed software to test audio functionality prior to product launch and it should not have been included in the final shipped version."
Image credit: iStock.
Emilia Fox and Amanda Burton share something unique in British TV – they know the smell of necrotising flesh. As the leads in Silent Witness, these stalwart veterans of gory crimesolving both made a point of doing hands-on research with experts in working mortuaries. The scent of stomach contents conjures something like Proustian reveries.
“I can only describe it as ‘stench',” says Fox, smiling and shuddering simultaneously. “It gets into your nostrils and you can't breathe. You can't get used to that smell.”
“At the time I used to love wearing petunia and lavender,” remembers Burton, “and I thought, ‘If I take my favourite smell with me, I'll block out this smell.' But you can't do that. Someone said to me: ‘Never wear your favourite perfume when you go in, because you will always associate that smell you love with the smell of a cadaver.'”
They speak with such ease together, it's incredible to think that before today's specially convened 20th birthday party Burton and Fox have never met each other. When the baton was handed over early in the eighth series in 2004, there was no crossover, no on or off-screen debrief. It was a clean break, a new start, all round. It wasn't a competition then and it isn't, I assure these top-drawer, much-loved actors, one today either.
Burton in Silent Witness
We're only 20 minutes into this carefully arranged conversation when I read out the first words ever uttered by the debut heroine in a lecture to a bunch of fellow professionals: “Take your time. The body's going nowhere. Look first, act when you and your colleagues are ready and act together. They say a victim only dies once, but a crime scene can be murdered a thousand times.” And suddenly Burton starts to cry.
The 60-year-old Northern Irishwoman is dabbing her eyes, struggling for words. She may have left the show 12 years ago and been busy ever since (from Lynda La Plante's The Commander to, back in the autumn, playing a gangster's wife in ITV's The Level), but clearly her time on Silent Witness was one of the defining experiences of her career.
“It dominated my whole life…” she begins, speaking of a role she took on at the age of 40. “Sorry, gosh, it's just brought back so many memories. It's incredible, really,” she says, composure regained with a couple of sips of tea. “Yes, it was an amazing, amazing show. Really. Still is.”
For Burton, her groundbreaking portrayal came with a side order of pressure. Her no-nonsense Sam Ryan was described by critics as “fearsomely humourless” – mention of which unleashes long bottled-up frustration at adverse comments she feels would never have been levelled at a male.
“They were very hard on me in that show,” she says quietly. “I had a very tough time… When it started, it was incredible, it was so well received. But over the years there was a lot of criticism, which affected me enormously.”
Recalling accepting the part of Nikki Alexander 12 years ago, Fox, 40, says: “I suddenly realised the weight of responsibility, because what Amanda had created was such a following for the series, and a protectiveness, from the people who love Silent Witness. So I said: ‘Please, please don't make me try and replace Sam Ryan.' And they said: ‘No, don't worry, it will be a completely different kind of character. And also, it will be a much more ensemble piece.' I was more comfortable about that.”
Fox in Silent Witness
Also, to be forensically clear: the actors are not here today because the upcoming 20th series is a Silent Witness: 2.0 reboot, with the super-experienced Professor Ryan and Dr Alexander teaming up to clear up cadaver-based mysteries in record time. That, both agree, “would be a weird thing to do”.
Though fundamentally a crime show, it's not all child murders, decomposing occultists and Holocaust-survivor horrors. Both agree that Silent Witness has its lighter, more diverting moments. Fox says that the upcoming series required the services of a fly wrangler, “who arrived on set just buzzing with buckets and buckets and buckets of flies. Plus,” she promises, “there's an animal that I've never had on Silent Witness before.” Burton recalls fondly (I think) “some very dodgy sex scenes, ha ha! Really dodgy ones.”
“Nikki doesn't even get those!” shouts Fox. “Her track record of relationships is absolutely appalling!”
Burton offers up the tale of a memorable interaction with an extra. “There was this man who just really wanted to be on the show and who really liked my character. So he came in as an extra, as a corpse that I was doing an autopsy on. I had an enormous amount of dialogue… and I could see the camera guys, out of the corner of my eye, sort of shoulder shaking. And then I noticed that he had an enormous erection… The crew were killing themselves laughing. Oh, it was awful!” hoots Burton. “Bless him, he was about 70! I was just like, ‘O...K, how about a coffee break?'”
The team: David Caves, Emilia Fox, Richard Lintern and Liz Carr
What, Amanda, do you think your character Sam would make of Nikki? “Oh, that's an interesting question. She would love her passion, and she would love her tunnel vision.”
And Emilia, what would your character Nikki think of Sam? “I think we'd identify with each other, wouldn't we?” she replies, gazing fondly at Burton. “Because, to our detriment, the characters are both workaholics, aren't they? Nikki would absolutely look up to Sam and want to work with her and learn from her, as I do Amanda.”
And then, as the actors share admiring glances and genuine affection, comes the breakthrough that promises a treat for Silent Witness fans (and BBC executives).
“Shall we do a special?” wonders Burton.
“Yes!” Fox shoots back excitedly. A Christmas special next year? “We'd love that! Why not?”
“Well,” smiles Burton, “I think at the end of this interview, you've convinced me!”
“And we're not going to solve the crimes in less time,” Fox insists gamely. “It's going to take longer, because we also want to do normal things! We want to be able to hang out and talk, like two females would talk when they work together.”
“We could go on a road trip!” suggests Burton.
“Yes,” Fox nods eagerly. “We're not just going to deliver information to each other. This would be much more interesting.”
So we're talking Silent Witness meets Thelma & Louise?
“There we go!” smiles Fox. “That's it. Brad Pitt, does he come into it?”
Well, obviously. Silent Witness fans, please set your programme reminder now.
Silent Witness is on tonight at 9pm on BBC1
Disclaimer
UNCUT Magazine does not store any files. Everything posted on this site is for promotional use only. Files downloaded should be kept for no longer then 24 hours and then deleted. Please support the artists and buy their music. All music and videos are copyrights to the original owners.
A man shot by his roommate in west Las Vegas on April 23 was identified by the Clark County Coroner as Hung Zuong Huynh.
Huynh, 36, was shot by his roommate, Tuan Ngo, in the backyard of their home in the 9700 block of Powell Plateau Court, near Hacienda Avenue and Grand Canyon Drive, according to Las Vegas police.
[RELATED: Police: Roommate killed in backyard shooting at west Las Vegas home]
The coroner listed Huynh's cause of death a gunshot wound of the head.
Police said Ngo and Huynh got into an argument and Ngo fired one round into the air to scare Huynh.
The two men then got into a physical fight, and while they were fighting, the gun discharged and hit Huynh.
Ngo was arrested by police for murder with a deadly weapon.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Bloomberg Wal-Mart shares jumped on the Google announcement, offering a discount for those who place voice orders using the device
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is not letting Amazon.com Inc. run away with the growing voice-commerce market, jumping on Wednesday's Google device announcement with a $25 discount for users who purchase their device from Wal-Mart, place an order with the retailer and link their Wal-Mart account to Google Express.
According to the latest data from Accenture, 89% of shoppers in 2017 are familiar with Alexa, while 77% are familiar with Google Home. Nearly three-quarters (71%) of shoppers are using or would like to use Alexa, while 68% responded in kind about Google Home.
Experts argue that it's still early days for voice commerce, so even if there has been buzz around Alexa and the Echo products, there is room for others.
See also: Everything Google announced at its Pixel event
“Owning the home is an emerging strategy,” said Kathy Gersch executive vice president of strategy execution and change management at Kotter International, a business management consulting firm.
Amazon AMZN, +1.04% used its summertime Prime Day event to push Alexa-enabled devices, staking its claim on the voice-commerce space. Last week, the e-commerce giant launched a number of new Echo devices at varying price points.
In August, Wal-Mart WMT, -0.55% announced its voice-shopping partnership with Google GOOGL, +0.76% Experts say that the partnership elevates the challenge for Amazon and Alexa.
“The industry has been waiting for sellers and technologists to map out a path to compete with the Amazon juggernaut and the rise of Alexa,” said Jennifer Sherman, senior vice president of product and strategy at Kibo, an omnichannel commerce software company. “With this move Wal-Mart has unlocked voice-based commerce on devices that already enjoy greater penetration than the Echo, the smartphone.
Read: Here's why flagship stores for retailers like Apple and Starbucks have become tourist attractions
“Now, with this new development from Wal-Mart, the question for retailers and brands is how they can make their offering discoverable and differentiate themselves in the rapidly increasing voice-first environment,” said Sherman.
Matt Sargent, senior vice president of retail at consulting firm Frank N. Magid Associates, questions whether the Wal-Mart customer would be interested in voice commerce, though he believes Wal-Mart is targeting more than its typical customer.
“Wal-Mart wants to change, doesn't want to serve that same customer base it always has,” he said. Acquisitions like Jet.com and Bonobos show that it is trying to change its brand image.
Prathap Dendi, general manager of business performance monitoring and analytics at AppDynamics, an application intelligence company, agrees voice commerce might not be for everyone.
Don't miss: Artificial intelligence will be important this holiday shopping season even if shoppers don't know it
Still, he sees some advantages in grocery, an area where Wal-Mart is “King” and already caters to a demographic that has an interest in picking up groceries “on the way home.”
“Once you unlock millions of bricks-and-mortar consumers with the omnipresent ability of Google… they can take over,” he said.
In this area, Wal-Mart's click-and-collect capabilities could come in handy.
“We know that 78% of consumers have used buy-online-pickup-in-stores (BOPIS) in the past six months, so having that option available right now for Walmart shoppers—especially for grocery products—will be a key differentiator,” said Kibo's chief marketing officer Tushar Patel.
Ryne Misso, director of marketing at Market Track, also notes the seemingly speedier decision making at Wal-Mart, which he says is a big takeaway from its Google partnership.
“What we know about Amazon is, despite their size, they tend to be very fast to fill these holes,” Misso said, calling that an “underrated element to competing with Amazon.”
Also: How Nordstrom is changing the department store game
“This enables both Google and Wal-Mart to have access to resources that neither had access to standing on their own,” he said of the partnership.
Google also has partnerships with other companies including Home Depot Inc. HD, -0.07% and Panera Bread Co., which announced Wednesday that members in St. Louis and Silicon Valley can order and pay using Google Assistant.
Wal-Mart shares are up 14.2% for the year so far, while Amazon shares are up 32.4% for the period and Alphabet Inc. shares are up 25.3%. The S&P 500 index SPX, -0.26% has gained 13.7% for 2017 so far and the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.14% is up 15.2%.
Highlights from the news file for Tuesday, Feb. 14
———
'60S SCOOP PLAINTIFFS WIN CLASS ACTION: Canada failed to take reasonable steps to prevent thousands of on-reserve children who were placed with non-native families from losing their indigenous heritage during the '60s Scoop, an Ontario judge ruled in a landmark case Tuesday. The decision in the long-running and bitterly fought class action paves the way for an assessment of damages the government will now have to pay and was hailed as a major step toward reconciliation and healing. The lawsuit launched eight years ago sought $1.3 billion on behalf of about 16,000 indigenous children in Ontario who claimed they were harmed by being placed in non-aboriginal homes from 1965 to 1984 under terms of a federal-provincial agreement. In siding with the plaintiffs, Ontario Superior Court Justice Edward Belobaba found Canada had breached its "duty of care" to the children. The judge also found that Ottawa breached part of the agreement that required consultation with Indian bands about the child-welfare program.
———
GOODALE TO RAISE BORDER TENSIONS WITH U.S.: Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale says he will soon talk face-to-face with his U.S. counterpart about the difficulties some Canadians are experiencing at the border. Goodale says he will have a chance in coming weeks to discuss any border tensions with Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly. No date or location has been set for the meeting. The Nexus trusted-traveller cards of about 200 Canadian permanent residents were suddenly cancelled after President Donald Trump issued an executive immigration order banning visitors from seven largely Muslim countries. At the same time, Manitoba is grappling with an influx of refugees crossing at remote border points. The issues have threatened to overshadow progress Canada made this week in Washington on plans for cargo preclearance to speed up trade and more extensive co-operation on guarding against cyberthreats.
———
LIBERALS DEFEAT MOTION ON ELECTORAL REFORM: Liberal MPs have defeated a motion that accused the government of misleading Canadians when it promised to eliminate the first-past-the-post voting system in time for the next election. The motion put forward in the House of Commons by the New Democrats was defeated 175-129. The motion would also have called on the Liberal government to apologize for breaking the pledge. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau promised on the campaign trail and in the speech from the throne to change the way Canadians cast their ballots in time for 2019. The Liberal government abandoned that idea earlier this month, arguing their consultations on the issue did not produce a consensus on the best way forward. Democratic Institutions Minister Karina Gould will likely be grilled on the decision when she appears in the Senate chamber for question period Tuesday.
———
RCMP SAYS FOUR PEOPLE CROSS QUEBEC BORDER ON FOOT: The RCMP are confirming they arrested four people who crossed illegally into Quebec today near the Vermont border. Cpl. Francois Gagnon says the migrants were arrested near Hemmingford, Que., as the province continues to see an influx of refugee claimants arriving from the U.S. Gagnon couldn't provide details on the latest border jumpers but says his officers intercept people every day who enter the province illegally. He says most of them ask to claim refugee status and are taken to a nearby border station for processing. Officials say a growing number of refugee claimants are crossing the U.S. border into Canada illegally, with the largest increase being recorded in Quebec. The Canada Border Services Agency says 452 people made a refugee claim at Quebec land border crossings in January.
———
FEDS WRITE OFF $178M IN STUDENTS LOANS: The federal government for the second year in a row is writing off millions in student loans it will never collect, this time to the tune of $178.4 million. The money represents 32,554 loans that federal officials believe they will never be able to collect, either because a debtor may have filed for bankruptcy, the debt itself has passed a six-year legal limit on collection, or the debtor can't be found. Last year, the government wrote off 33,967 loans totalling $176 million. Federal officials have increased their efforts in recent years to collect outstanding student loans after watching write-offs hit $312 million in 2012 and $295 million in 2015. The previous Conservative government ordered officials to ramp up collection efforts in order to bring the write-offs under control. The Liberals' first budget offered a new tool for the Canada Revenue Agency in its collection efforts: legal changes allowing it to use tax information for the purpose of collecting debts from the student loan program overseen by Employment and Social Development Canada. The CRA had expected to receive that power last year, but the federal election delayed political approval.
———
SASKATCHEWAN MAN GUILTY OF THREATENING TRUDEAU: A Saskatchewan man has been found guilty of uttering threats against Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Christopher Hayes has been fined $500, given nine months probation, which includes not attending Trudeau events, and is prohibited from owning firearms for three years. Hayes said on Facebook on March 6 that he was going to shoot Trudeau and in another post on July 8, Hayes wrote that he wouldn't physically harm Trudeau, but said the PM should be shot dead. Court heard that Hayes wasn't charged by RCMP after the first post because the investigating officer believed Hayes understood the mistake he had made and would not do it again. But in a statement to police after the second post, Hayes agreed when the officer said that he had crossed a line. Provincial court Judge Ross Green wrote in his decision that he had no hesitation in finding that a reasonable person would find both posts constitute a threat towards the prime minister.
———
QUEBEC PHILOSOPHER CHANGES MIND ON SECULARISM: After Quebec's mosque shooting, an internationally acclaimed philosopher who heavily influenced the province's debate on secularism said Tuesday he no longer thinks it's a good idea to ban people from wearing hijabs on the job. Charles Taylor, the award-winning McGill University professor emeritus, wrote a letter in Montreal La Presse stating the province shouldn't take any more steps that could further stigmatize minorities. "The time when the majority in our society can act without regard for marginalized minorities is over," he wrote. Taylor's voice looms large in the province's secularism debate. The 2008 report he co-authored with historian Gerard Bouchard on the accommodation of religious minorities was a precursor to the contentious secularism charter introduced by the Parti Quebecois in 2013. In the report, the two men recommended state employees in "coercive" positions, such as judges, Crown prosecutors and prison guards, be prohibited from wearing conspicuous religious symbols on the job. Its recommendations were broadly interpreted by the then-governing PQ, which introduced a charter that sought to ban all employees of the state, including doctors and teachers, from wearing religious symbols at work.
———
RCMP WARN OF ONLINE DATING SCAMS: Romance may be in the air on Valentine's Day, but RCMP say those looking for love online need to protect their wallets as well as their hearts. Some 748 people lost more than $17 million to online dating scams last year, the force said as it urged anyone using apps or websites to find dates to be cautious. The victims are largely in their mid-40s to late 50s, with each gender as likely to fall prey to scams, said Sgt. Guy-Paul Larocque. Some have been cheated out of more than $100,000, he said. Many are reluctant to report the crime, out of embarrassment or — in the case of older people — out of fear that they will lose independence as concerned family members step in, he said. Scammers create fake online profiles in order to gain someone's trust then ask for money, often claiming to be faced with an emergency, RCMP said. That can involve fake social media profiles as well as those on dating sites or apps. Some red flags to watch for include someone professing their love before meeting in person, or claiming to be from the same town but working overseas, which may be a setup to ask for money later, the force said.
———
BUS DRIVER DIED AFTER ATTACK, MAN ARRESTED: Winnipeg police say a 58-year-old transit bus driver died after he was stabbed by a passenger early Tuesday morning. Chief Danny Smyth says the driver — Irvine Fraser — was attacked when he was stopped at the end of his route at the University of Manitoba. Smyth says first responders found Fraser with serious stab wounds around 2 a.m. and took him to hospital where he died. "Police responded to the scene within moments of the attack," Smyth said Tuesday. "Witnesses were able to direct police to the Red River." The canine unit found a 22-year-old suspect on the frozen Red River near the campus, where he was arrested. "The suspect was trying to cross the river," Smyth said. "A canine unit member was able to apprehend the suspect before he crossed the river." A canine officer went onto the ice to continue the investigation and fell through, he said. The officer was rescued and is uninjured.
———
THREE DEAD, CHILD INJURED IN BRAMPTON, ONT., HOUSE FIRE: Police say three people who died this morning in a house fire in Brampton, Ont., were members of one family. Peel regional police say a young girl, also a member of the same family, was rescued and taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries. She was listed in stable condition, while her mother, father and sister were killed in the blaze. Brampton Fire Chief Michael Clark says that by the time firefighters arrived on scene shortly after 4 a.m., someone had broken down the door to the main floor and saved the young girl. The child suffered third-degree burns and smoke inhalation and was rushed to Sick Kids Hospital in Toronto. Clark says firefighters attacked the fire from the front of the house and had the blaze under control in 10 minutes. He said it appeared the fire started on the main floor in the living room. He says firefighters then entered the house through the side and searched the basement before making their way upstairs.
———
The Canadian Press
Jhanvi Kapoor REVEALS why she DELETED private photos from Instagram ! | FilmiBeat
The young and lovely Jhanvi Kapoor only allowed a limited set of people to follow her on Instagram previously and kept her account mostly private right from the start. She shared all of her crazy and personal pictures there as she felt comfortable sharing them, as it was viewed only by her near and dear ones. However, all of that changed when she signed for Dhadak and was asked by the film-makers to open her account to the public.
Jhanvi Kapoor, sensed that her personal pictures would be misused if ever she makes her account public, so she sat for a day and deleted most of her previous pictures that she found were too personal. Only after deleting more of her pictures, did she make her account public and now has a following of close to two million.
Janhvi Kapoor Was Quoted As Saying "As for my Instagram, I used to have a private profile and then I was told I need to open it up, so I deleted everything to start from the beginning," said Janhvi Kapoor.
On The Work Front Janhvi Kapoor is all geared up for the release of her upcoming debut movie Dhadak. She is paired alongside Ishaan Khatter in the movie.
Full On Promotions Janhvi Kapoor is all over the place promoting her movie Dhadak along with Ishaan Khatter. The duo was spotted in several malls all across Mumbai and shook a leg with the fans as well.
High Energy Janhvi Going by the way how Janhvi Kapoor is promoting her upcoming movie, we can assume that she is taking her work seriously and is filled with high energy!
Grand Release Of Dhadak Dhadak, which is a remake of the superhit Marathi movie Sairat, is all set to hit the theatres on July 20,2018.
An Australian-born woman has tonight recited her New Zealand citizenship oath of allegiance in te reo Māori.
Natalie Evans' te reo Māori request inspired change tonight when the Auckland Council agreed to let recite her ‘oath' in Māori at the citizenship ceremony in the Auckland Town Hall.
Evans spoke to Kawekōrero Reporters via Skype from the town hall ahead of her the ceremony.
“It is an official language of New Zealand,” said Evans.
“For me, it just felt like a natural thing to do.”
Evans and her whanau live on Auckland's Waiheke Island and she is learning te reo Māori alongside her partner Pete. She said her five-year-old daughter Evie recently started school and enjoys learning kapa haka.
“There's lots of waiata often sung in our house,” said Evans.
“So we learn a bit of te reo at home. And I just thought what a wonderful opportunity to share the language. And celebrate the language.”
Evans said she is growing an understanding and love for Māori culture through learning the language.
“I think everybody, given the opportunity, should take it and learn more. And I hope that I can learn more from now on.”
Evans will officially become a New Zealand citizen alongside 510 others at tonight's ceremony.
Clifton Edward Avent Jr., 48, was charged with robbery and theft of property more than $1,000 in value after police received tips that identified him via Facebook.
According to Lebanon police Sgt. P.J. Hardy, a 911 call came in at about 8:15 p.m. regarding the robbery. The clerk told police a black man who wore a black shirt handed a note that said, “Give me all your money or die.” Avent didn't show a weapon. According to Hardy, Avent then took money from the register and left on foot.
Lebanon police posted photos from Sav-A-Lot's surveillance video on Facebook and asked the public for information about the robbery.
Avent was booked in at the Wilson County Jail just before midnight on $55,000 bond. He remained in jail Sunday. Avent was released from jail three days prior for violation of conditional release, according to jail booking records.
In the past week, Phil Jackson's ill-advised words in a press conference have sparked:
1. An Instagram from Carmelo Anthony largely thought to be a response to the team president that was liked by players across the league.
2. A statement from the players' union condemning his words.
3. Reports of Kristaps Porzingis, who is supposed to be the team's future, being unhappy with the management
So, what should be the logical response? We'll let Stephen A. Smith take it from here:
"I'M SO DAMN DISGUSTED … GET HIM THE HELL OUT OF NEW YORK!" –@stephenasmith on @PhilJackson11 pic.twitter.com/tbZcmsaNN4 — First Take (@FirstTake) April 17, 2017
He's right. Phil Jackson hasn't done anything to rebuild New York, instead setting them up in a position to repeat a similar cycle and alienating its longtime star on his way out of the Big Apple. If the Knicks are looking to switch up its personnel, the person responsible for putting together a group that hasn't worked since he got there might be the place to start.
Verizon Digital Media Services extends relationship to simplify high-volume storage and delivery of content
LOS ANGELES, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Verizon Digital Media Services announced today it is extending its relationship with Microsoft to make cloud-based storage from Microsoft Azure available to all Verizon Digital Media Services Edgecast Content Delivery Network (CDN) users. Azure Storage will now power Verizon STORE, the cloud-based origin storage offering on the Edgecast CDN, providing an even more convenient option for resilient, infinitely scalable object storage that is ideal for media and metadata.
"We are pleased to work with Microsoft to now give our Edgecast CDN customers streamlined access to a trusted and exceptionally robust cloud storage service," said Kyle Okamoto, chief network officer for Verizon Digital Media Services. "We value Microsoft's continued investment and innovation in cloud technology, which complements our commitment to providing our customers with optimized solutions that meet the increasing demands of today's media landscape."
Edgecast CDN customers can take advantage of Azure Storage as part of one single solution from only one vendor. Verizon Digital Media Services maintains a simple billing model closely aligned with customers' monetization models, charging on volume stored, and not on transactions, transfers or egress costs. With one easy-to-manage contract and support system, content providers can maximize the impact of their technology spend with confidence in the quality and performance of both their storage and content delivery network.
"We have enjoyed a mutually beneficial relationship with Verizon Digital Media Services throughout the years and are delighted to expand upon our efforts," said Tad Brockway, general manager, Azure Storage at Microsoft Corp. "Offering access to Azure Storage on the Edgecast CDN brings fast, dependable and easy-to-manage solutions to even more content owners and providers."
Verizon Digital Media Services and Microsoft already feature customized APIs within each other's platforms and highly integrated network interconnections that allow the two platforms to seamlessly work together. Azure and the Edgecast CDN integrated in 2014 and a number of Microsoft web properties, including Xbox and Skype, utilize the Edgecast CDN.
The Edgecast CDN is among the world's largest, fastest-growing and highest-performing CDNs. Established nearly a decade ago, Verizon's continuously upgraded content delivery network ensures the smooth, reliable and rapid delivery of movies, music, videos, games and software updates over the internet. Leading content creators and owners depend on the Edgecast CDN to securely and reliably deliver rich media to the millions of users who demand a high-quality, instant experience.
To learn more about the Edgecast CDN from Verizon Digital Media Services, visit https://vd.ms/2oSNmbd.
About Verizon Digital Media Services
Verizon Digital Media Services offers an industry-leading, end-to-end digital media platform to prepare, deliver, display and monetize online content. The platform is built on the world's largest, most connected network, and has over 100 points of presence on five continents, ensuring high-quality viewing of digital content on any device, anytime, anywhere. The company provides the foundational components in websites, apps and OTT video services for many of the world's largest publishers, media companies and enterprises. Learn more about how Verizon Digital Media Services continues to change the way the world watches at www.verizondigitalmedia.com.
A former Las Vegas accounting manager and controller was sentenced Tuesday for committing tax evasion and stealing thousands from two employers.
Nicole Marie Graziano, 42, was sentenced to 27 months in prison. The U.S. States Attorney's Office said she pleaded guilty on July 26, 2017, to three counts of wire fraud, two counts of filing a false tax return, and one count of attempt to evade or defeat tax. Graziano committed $193,000 in tax evasion and stole more than $725,000 from two different employers.
According to her plea agreement, between May 2009 and 2015, Graziano used several schemes, including manipulation of her employer's payroll tax records, to conceal thefts. She would transfer stolen funds by wire to her own personal bank accounts. She used the stolen money to pay for luxury items for herself and family, including cars, jewelry, and rent. Additionally, she admitted to filing false tax returns for tax years 2013 and 2014, and grossly underreported her income and tax liability. She also did not file an individual tax return for 2015.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
By Jason Keidel
Just a week ago it said here that the best chance Conor McGregor had of beating Floyd Mayweather Jr. in their ballyhooed bout on Aug 26 was if Mayweather had, as every fighter has at some point, gotten athletically old.
And now, Mayweather either agrees with me or is being professionally coy for the sake of coin.
During a recent sit-down with Stephen A Smith, Mayweather mused over his upcoming fight with McGregor, and made some unusually candid and self-effacing assertions. Most notably, that he's lost a step and that McGregor is not only the younger man, but also larger and stronger. So, says Mayweather, this is the first time his foe as the edge, at least on paper.
It has long been Mayweather's M.O. to regard his foes with cheeky indifference – when he deigns to acknowledge them – the man across the ring barely a bookmark during his self-indulgent monologues. But what if Mayweather is being genuine? What if he really realizes that what is happening to him happened to all before him, from Joe Louis to Ray Robinson to Muhammad Ali?
It's almost impossible to imagine this kind of persona makeover, especially in Mayweather. A tectonic shift from epic hubris to low-key humility is about as likely as Dikembe Mutombo winning the NBA's three-point shooting contest.
Is this newfound modesty or a new sales pitch? Is Floyd Maywether Jr making concessions to nature or his he too naturally arrogant to fear Father Time?
Mother Nature has humbled many a man, woman, and athlete, and made modesty a necessity. But when you're still 49-0 and driving a different Bugatti every day, it's hard to correlate modesty with someone who proudly lives like King Farouk. He graduated from Pretty Boy Floyd to Money Mayweather at least a decade ago, and has felt no need to earn a higher degree, at least not in terms of moniker or monetary appetites.
Mayweather is difficult to digest, even for those of us who still kneel at boxing's crumbling altar. But he's too naturally gifted and aesthetically pleasing when he plies his trade in the ring. The problems begin when he removes the mouthpiece and opens his mouth.
There's chatter about biblical debt due the IRS, how he needs this fight more to keep the lights on than to turn McGregor's lights off. Tax bills and celebrities – especially athletes – are a common pair, like pop culture's peanut butter and jelly. If you ever saw the delightful documentary, appropriately titled, “Broke,” you'd be astonished by how many millionaires are paupers by 35.
Mayweather is long past 35. But even at 40, he's in sublime physical shape. Unlike many of his predecessors, like Ali, Mayweather never got soft around the middle. Roberto Duran often looked pregnant between bouts, then somehow sweated the cellulite into oblivion just in time to pummel his next opponent. Mayweather is a walking workout, 24/7 fit. For all his faults and foibles – and there are tons – he never disrespected his sport vis-a-vis his preparation or performance.
The latest drama sprouted from McGregor's camp, when former boxing champ Paulie Malignaggi agreed to spar with the loquacious cage fighter. McGregor specifically targeted Malignaggi because he opined publicly that McGregor had no shot at defeating Mayweather, if he'd even land a glove on him. After a few rounds and cleverly placed pics on social media, showing Malignaggi on his back, the longtime boxer fled the camp, wholly disputing what looked like a knockdown.
McGregor says it was clean; Malginaggi said he was shoved to the canvas. Then an odd arbiter stepped in. Shaquille O'Neal tweeted a few moments of the sparring, which showed McGregor knocking Malignaggi all over the ring, peppering him with lead lefts and roundhouse rights. The disputed knockdown seems equal parts punch and push.
Was Malignaggi tanking for the inherent click bait it brings? Was he out of shape or out of his mind? Or is McGregor really a fine boxer who simply prefers mixed martial arts?
None of us really knows any of those answers. We do know that, other than being fine athletic specimens who are great at beating people up, Mayweather and McGregor are also showmen and wildly gifted salesmen, their tongues almost as sharp as their punches. There's a reason this fight had more public than pugilistic appeal. One thing – perhaps the only thing – Mayweather and McGregor have in common is that just as many folks tune in to see them lose as to watch them win.
So for some folks the good news is that, on Aug 26, either Floyd Mayweather Jr or Conor McGregor is going to win the fight. For most folks, the best news is that one of them will lose.
AC/DC songwriter and producer George Young dead at 70 AC/DC acknowledged Young's passing on their Twitter account, saying, “Without his help and guidance there would not have been an AC/DC.”
Javier Bardem finds Al Pacino 'so physically attractive' Being married to one of the world's most stunning stars doesn't mean Javier Bardem can't have a few man crushes.
AC/DC singer Brian Johnson: I'm not retiring He was unable to finish his band's “Rock or Bust” tour due to hearing loss.
AC/DC postpones tour due to singer's possible hearing loss Doctors have advised the "Back in Black" singer to stop touring immediately or risk total hearing loss.
AC/DC drummer Phil Rudd arrested in New Zealand The arrest is the latest blow to the rock musician who was unable to join AC/DC for their 2015 Rock or Bust tour due to legal problems.
AC/DC to finally stream its music AC/DC is finally heading to Spotify, three years after the veteran rock band decided to put its catalog on iTunes. The Australian rock act's music will be available on Spotify...
It is once again a time of celebration for Wimbledon, North Dakota as they prepare for their second annual Palooza. The events will begin on July 12 with a Steak Night at 6 p.m. and will go on over the 13 and 14 with other events.
Jessie Albrecht, coordinator of the event had this to say about the changes from last year, "This year has actually turned into a full three-day venue with two live bands, Redline and 32 Below. Both are free for the public to come. That's a big change from last year, when we only had one band. We've also added a softball tournament, a 5k run at 8 a.m. and 10k at 7:30 a.m. on Saturday morning, a Truck-Pull that's also new this year, and now it actually goes into Sunday so we are having a vendor show and Turkey Shoot-out."
More on this story can be found in the July 3 edition of the Times-Record.
Was This Picture Photoshopped?
In response to Kangana's sister Rangoli's question of the photoshopped picture, Hrithik's spokesperson stated, "That picture is from a party. This picture was presented in an out of context format to media. There are so many pictures of that night which were tweeted by Hrithik's friends and ex wife after this picture was presented as a proof of intimacy.
Talking about this picture itself. Please see that there is a third person present in that picture who has been cropped off. In few versions of this picture that some major publication person has been erased. I am attaching those versions.
Yes it's Hrtihik and Kangana in that picture but why was third person cut out of the picture. The moment you know that it's a group picture at a party the entire context changes. Yes, the picture has been digitally played around with. Just see that for yourself."
Project info
An arcade of flags whips in the wind, welcoming visitors to the Oceti Sakowin Camp, where thousands have come to protest an oil pipeline. Each banner represents one of the more than 300 Native American tribes that have flocked to North Dakota in what activists are calling the largest, most diverse tribal action in at least a century, perhaps ever.
In the midst of this historic gathering, a familiar storyline emerges between the U.S. government and the indigenous people who have seen treaties and promises broken repeatedly. Will their efforts and personal sacrifices stop the pipeline? As Donald Trump prepares to take office, many doubts any injunction on construction will stand.
State lawmakers approved a bill Monday that would allow counties to levy and collect sales tax on recreational marijuana, a move inspired by a standoff between Adams County and three of its cities that could wind up in the state Supreme Court.
The measure, if signed into law by Gov. John Hickenlooper, would allow counties to impose a pot tax in unincorporated areas without challenge but would have to enter into an intergovernmental agreement with cities and towns to tax weed there.
Adams County caught the wrath of Commerce City, Northglenn and Aurora in 2015 when the three cities challenged the county's decision to impose a 3 percent tariff on recreational pot sold throughout the county, regardless of whether municipalities had already instituted their own marijuana sales tax.
The cities argued in their lawsuit that by layering an additional tax on a transaction, Adams County was putting their marijuana businesses at a competitive disadvantage to shops in nearby counties that didn't have to charge an additional levy.
“No statutory or constitutional authority exists for a special sales tax, that is, a sales tax on particular types of items or transactions, such as a special marijuana sales tax,” the suit claims.
The appeals court agreed with the cities, ruling that even though the tax was approved by Adams County voters, the county “does not have either constitutional or statutory authorization to impose a special sales tax on retail marijuana.”
Rep. Steve Lebsock, D-Thornton, the bill's sponsor, said he hopes his measure serves as an acceptable workaround while Adams County continues its legal fight with its cities.
Adams County has been collecting the tax since it first went into effect in July 2015.
County spokesman Jim Siedlecki said it has continued to do so even after the appeals court decision in December, He said more than $1.5 million has been collected so far and “is tracked separately” in the county's general fund.
This story was first published on DenverPost.com
Don't be surprised if you see accomplished equestrian Jennifer Gates horsing around uptown. Her billionaire parents, Bill and Melinda Gates, have bought her a $5 million condo at 1212 Fifth Ave., Gimme Shelter has learned.
The East Harlem deal closed in December 2017 and, we hear, is intended for 22-year-old Jennifer to use following her graduation from Stanford in June. (She studies biology, and sources say she plans on attending medical school in New York. Conveniently, Mount Sinai's med school is just blocks away.)
The purchase was made through a trust administered by Watermark Estate Management Services LLC, which Bill Gates uses for personal and family matters, according to reports.
The three-bedroom condo, which is 2,389 square feet with stunning Central Park views, was last asking $5.25 million. Features include a living/dining area that faces west to the park and a master bedroom with a spa-style ensuite bathroom. The building was constructed in 1925 and designed by architects George and Edward Blum. Gut-renovated in 2012 and once home to Carmelo and La La Anthony, the building has a gym, a residents' lounge and a children's playroom.
Earlier this month, we reported the philanthropic power couple's purchase of a nearly $16 million, 124-acre horse farm for Jennifer in Westchester, which is fitting given her history of equestrian competition.
The apartment's sellers were David Zornow and Martha Malkin Zornow.
David is global head of litigation at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, while Martha is the founding principal of Girls Prep Bronx Middle School. The listing brokers, Brown Harris Stevens' Wendy Sarasohn, Jamie Joseph and Tania Isacoff, declined to comment.
Another apartment at 1212 Fifth Ave., several floors below Jennifer's, is currently on the market for $4.9 million. The three-bedroom measures 2,389 square feet and also boasts Central Park views. There's an eat-in chef's kitchen and a corner master suite with oversize windows. Other details include solid oak floors and recessed LED lighting.
The listing brokers are Stribling's Alexa Lambert, Marc Achilles and Julie Soffen.
Follow @insidefutbol
West Ham United supremo David Gold says that increasing the London Stadium's capacity to the 66,000 mark is proving difficult to do.
At present the London Stadium can hold 57,000 for West Ham matches, but Gold has been keen to see the number rise, with a number of fans also hopeful about the capacity increasing.
Gold had been aiming for 66,000, but he has now admitted that hitting that number is proving to be tough.
He wrote on Twitter: "66,000 is proving to be a bit more difficult than we first thought, but we will continue to pursue our aim."
West Ham packed in 56,973 for their last home match, a vital win over struggling Swansea City.
The Hammers' move to their new stadium has not come without controversy.
There have been issues with crowd disturbances, while a number of fans are unhappy with West Ham leaving Upton Park to move to the London Stadium.
Criticism centres around the fact that the stadium was built to host athletics and as such fans are a considerable distance from the pitch, something which would not be the case in a football specific ground.
ARLINGTON, VA -- A man with a rifle opened fire Wednesday morning on Republican members of Congress practicing for a charity baseball game.
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) – The Florida State Fair is luring visitors to the upcoming fair with a flash sale.
For only $20, you can get unlimited Midway ride's with the fair's combo package, which includes one admission and a ride armband.
The combo package gets you in any day and you can save up to $28.
To buy the flash sale combo package, visit the Florida State Fair Facebook page at facebook.com/floridastatefairgrounds. But you better hurry up! Only a limited amount of discounted packages are available.
The fair takes place from February 8 – 19 at the Florida State Fairgrounds located at 4800 N US Highway 301 in Tampa.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
At a court hearing in New York, prosecutors told U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood that they'd turned over most of the materials seized during the April 9 raids of Cohen's office and Park Avenue hotel room to Cohen's legal team, with the exception of two BlackBerry devices and the shredded documents.
Federal prosecutors sorting through materials seized from Michael Cohen, President Donald Trump's personal attorney, said Wednesday they needed more time to piece together the contents of a shredder taken in an FBI raid .
Prosecutors explained, however, that they would need two to three more weeks to finish reconstructing what was in the shredder, and that they were still attempting to access the BlackBerry devices.
Wood set a June 15 deadline on Wednesday for Cohen's lawyers to review everything the government had already provided and make attorney-client privilege claims before submitting those claims to special master Barbara Jones. Jones was appointed by Wood to rule on what documents qualify for attorney-client privilege.
Michael Cohen sits during a hearing in federal court in New York on May 30, 2018. Christine Cornell
The FBI seized eight boxes of documents, four phones, one iPad and several hard drives and storage devices during the April raids, seeking information about a $130,000 payment the lawyer made to porn star Stormy Daniels shortly before the 2016 election.
According to one of Cohen's lawyers, Todd Harrison, prosecutors have already turned over 3.7 million items to Cohen's team. Cohen's team, Harrison said, had reviewed 1.3 million of those items.
Wood added Wednesday that if the June 15 deadline was not met, she would send the remainder of the unreviewed materials to a separate team of prosecutors, known as a "taint team," who would then deem what is privileged and what isn't.
Harrison told the judge that his team was "moving heaven and earth" and working nearly around the clock to review the materials that the government has turned over.
Meanwhile, Michael Avenatti, the attorney for Daniels who was present at the hearing, told reporters afterward that it was disclosed at the hearing that Cohen had been making audio recordings of Trump for years and that some of those recordings related to Daniels.
"There was a shocking admission that was made in court today. Namely, that just like the Nixon tapes years ago, we now have, what I will refer to as the Trump tapes," Avenatti said outside the courtroom.
Avenatti called on Cohen's legal team to release the tapes "so they can be heard by all, and people can make their own determinations as to their importance relating to the president and what he knew, and when he knew it, and what he did as it relates to conspiring with Michael Cohen to commit one or more potential crimes."
Avenatti had written the court earlier this month asking to be made a party to the case, saying, "We have reason to believe that plaintiff Michael Cohen, or members of his team, have begun to leak select audio recordings to the media that were seized in the FBI raids."
Michael Avenatti speaks to reporters as he leaves the United States District Court Southern District of New York on May 30, 2018 in New York. Don Emmert
Cohen attorney Stephen Ryan said at the hearing that if any recordings were to exist, they would be under lock and key and that he was not aware of anyone leaking them to the press. Ryan also argued that Avenatti shouldn't be admitted to speak in the case.
"I've never seen an attorney conduct himself the way Mr. Avenatti conducted himself," Ryan told the court.
Claiming that Avenatti's frequent television appearances were part of an ulterior motive to being admitted to intervene in the case, Ryan said, "We are not going to allow this court in the Southern District of New York to be treated this way."
Wood suspended Avenatti's request, explaining that granting it would mean Avenatti, who has spoken about the case to the media often, would have to submit to local court rules which would prohibit him from making certain public statements.
Following the hearing, Avenatti withdrew his request to intervene in the case.
Vidyut Jammwal celebrated his 37th birthday on the sets of his upcoming action-thriller Junglee in Thailand and the crew surprised the birthday boy with a chocolate and vanilla cake and broke into a mini party.
Check out the pictures below!
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Amnesty International Israel launched a new website on Wednesday calling for an end to discrimination against Arab Israelis, via a platform aimed at facilitating the reporting of cases of discrimination and taking part in various activities against it."
The Israeli branch of the human rights organization established the website due to its perception that Arab Israelis, or "Palestinian citizens of Israel" as the organization refers to them, are undergoing a "severe attack" and need to operate in an organized and collective manner to fight for their rights as a minority in Israel.
"The Israeli government severely violates the freedom of expression and freedom of association of Palestinian individuals and organizations in Israel,” Amnesty International said in a press release. “These are fundamental and important freedoms in every democratic state, and in Israel they are fundamental rights of special protection, and the violation of them is a serious violation of Israeli and international law, which necessarily leads to a reduction and threat to the existence of Palestinian civil society in Israel."The campaign is focused on stopping the "silencing of Palestinian activists and organizations in Israel" as well as incitement against them.With this view, the organization will gather testimonies and information on any incidents of this kind, and will monitor legislation and bills it deems discriminatory or as violating or restricting freedom of expression, freedom of association and freedom of demonstration.Amnesty seeks to stop such discriminatory actions using various tools, one of which will be its new Hebrew-Arabic website.Via the website, Amnesty Israel encourages members of the public to join its activities to stop discrimination, which include: raising awareness among Knesset members and other public officials about discrimination, incitement to violence and racism against Arab Israelis; holding conferences and public debates on the subject; fighting bills they view as racist or discriminatory; and organizing large protests in response to discrimination, incitement, violence or racism led by elected officials, civil servants, and government agencies.The first step of the initiative involves a letter-writing campaign directed at the Attorney General Avichai Mandelblit, calling for the disqualification of two candidates for Mayor of Afula: Shlomo Malihi and Avi Elkabetz. Amnesty Israel accuses both candidates of incitement against Arab Israelis in light of their participation in demonstrations held last month against the sale of an apartment in the city to an Arab family
By Abby Hassler
Bruno Mars shocked his sold-out Auburn Hills, MI audience on Saturday (August 12) when he announced he will donate $1 million from the show's proceeds to provide aid to Flint water crisis victims.
Related: Bruno Mars Releases ‘Versace on the Floor' Video Starring Zendaya
“I'm very thankful to the Michigan audience for joining me in supporting this cause,” Mars said. “Ongoing challenges remain years later for Flint residents, and it's important that we don't forget our brothers and sisters affected by this disaster. As people, especially as Americans, we need to stand together to make sure something like this never happens in any community ever again.”
The funds will benefit The Community Foundation of Greater Flint nonprofit.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Quavo from Migos dissed Joe Budden in a snippet from a new song, which he previewed via his Twitter accounts. Joe Budden responded with a couple of tweets, but then he really gave a direct response on his show, Everyday Struggle.
Sign Up For Our Newsletter!
Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.
He started off by endorsing the song, saying that Quavo made a good point in his verse. But it was a great set up for the perfect punchline. Click on the audio player to hear more in this exclusive clip from “The Rickey Smiley Morning Show.”
Listen to “The Rickey Smiley Morning Show” LIVE every weekday from 6/5am C.
RELATED: Why Joe Budden Popped Off On Migos At The 2017 BET Awards [EXCLUSIVE]
RELATED: Joe Budden Explains How Smoking Gave Him His Most Unique Feature [EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW]
RELATED: How Joe Budden Cashed In On The Viral Video Of Him Chasing Down Trespassers [EXCLUSIVE AUDIO]
The Latest:
Roman Kemp CONFIRMED To Host Capital Breakfast In London, Plus a BRAND NEW Weekend Breakfast Show Across The UK
The Capital star will join forces with former Capital XTRA presenter Vick Hope to take over the legendary show from May 2nd.
We're excited to finally reveal that Capital's very own Roman Kemp will take over the legendary Capital London breakfast show, plus front a BRAND-NEW weekend breakfast show across the UK from Tuesday May 2nd. Download the Capital App now!
The 24-year-old star will be joined on the show by former Capital XTRA presenter and co-host of ITV2's 2Awesome, Vick Hope.
'Capital Breakfast with Roman Kemp' will be available in London and digitally on Capital UK, Mon - Fri from 6am. The show will also broadcast on all Capital stations across the UK every Saturday morning from 6am.
Roman has presented on Capital for three years and has interviewed some of the world's biggest stars including Katy Perry, Calvin Harris, Ed Sheeran and of course, who could forget (*bromance alert*), Justin Bieber! He was also a presenter on The Xtra Factor in 2016, and together with new co-host Vick, he presents 2Awesome on ITV2.
WATCH: Ed Sheeran Tattoos Roman 02:40
Talking about the new show Roman said: "I grew up listening to Capital Breakfast, and to say I'm excited is an understatement. Waking up the people of London with Vick is going to be awesome and we're going to have a ridiculous amount of fun."
Before landing the incredible Capital Breakfast job, Vick hosted weekend breakfast on Capital XTRA, where she has presented over the past year. She's a regular presenter for ITV2, Channel 5, Red Bull TV and BT Sport.
Vick Hope said: "Capital Breakfast is my dream job. I love presenting with Roman and we always have such a laugh. I can't wait to keep him in check!"
Capital is the UK's no.1 hit music brand giving its 8.5 million listeners the biggest and best hits around the clock.
'Capital Breakfast with Roman Kemp' starts in London and digitally on Capital UK on Tuesday May 2nd (6am – 10am), and it's safe to say he'll be kicking off the brand-new show in style with some HUGE guests and surprises! You'll also be able to tune in on all Capital stations across the UK, every Saturday morning from 6am. Download the Capital App now!
You may also like...
Chantelle Connelley Is Coming Back To Geordie Shore & The Fights Have Already Started!
She's already embroiled in Twitter beef with the other cast members… awkward!
It's hard to forget Chantelle Connelly's acrimonious exit from the Geordie Shore house about a year ago, but it looks like the controversial star is heading back into the house… and the fights have already started!
Chantelle announced her return on Twitter:
Who would of thought me returning back to @mtvgeordieshore — chantelle connelly (@ChantelleGShore) October 5, 2017
And then revealed that she had been told by a friend that they had overheard Sophie Kasaei and Chloe Ferry talking about her at a hair salon, to which Chloe replied that they were just discussing her coming back to the show:
So I have just been the topic of @Chloe_GShore and @SophieKasaei_ convo in the salon there's always some one ear wigging — chantelle connelly (@ChantelleGShore) October 5, 2017
We weren't slagging you off at all we we're talking about you coming back to Geordie as you tweeted before https://t.co/6CNIDHvCb7 — Chloe ferry (@Chloe_GShore) October 5, 2017
However, that wasn't quite good enough for Chantelle, who slammed the other girls for being haters:
@Chloe_GShore weren't you just telling my bro a week ago how much you miss and love me u changed ya tune now ya sober babe — chantelle connelly (@ChantelleGShore) October 5, 2017
Bitches hattttinnngggg , still tho I don't blame yaz — chantelle connelly (@ChantelleGShore) October 6, 2017
It comes after Chantelle slammed her housemates for being “two-faced snakes” when she originally walked out of the house following an epic row while the show was filming in Greece.
She typed, “'Bunch of 2 faced snakes! Don't even think any of them like each other but call themselves family”.
Bunch of 2 faced snakes ! Don't even think any of them like each other but call themselves family https://t.co/TwxF835zkp — chantelle connelly (@ChantelleGShore) November 23, 2016
She told MTV at the time, “I left the show because I couldn't stand living with two-faced people any longer. I find the house very snakey. I feel like I was the only one in the house that was real. If I had something to say to someone, I'd be the first to say it to their face.
“Everyone else in that house seemed to have a problem doing that. It was all Chinese whispers instead of approaching us.”
Well, we can't wait to see what happens when she comes back to the show… it's sure to be fiery!
> Download Our App To Learn About All The Ways YOU Can Make Some Noise!
ABBOTSFORD, B.C. — The British Columbia office that investigates serious injuries or deaths involving police has been called to Abbotsford after a suspect was hurt during an arrest.
Abbotsford Police say a 37-year-old man was wanted on outstanding warrants for driving offences and was spotted Thursday in Chilliwack driving 160 kilometres per hour in a 70 kilometre per hour zone.
The man was tracked through the Fraser Valley to central Abbotsford where police say he pulled into a parkade and officers attempted to arrest him.
A news release from the police department says the man tried to flee and landed on the ground about four metres below, suffering an apparent broken leg.
A police officer was also injured when the department says the suspect resisted arrest, and both the suspect and officer were treated in hospital.
Possible charges against the driver range from driving while prohibited to flight from police and the Independent Investigations Office is examining whether there is a connection between the suspect's injuries and the actions of police.
The Canadian Press
Neighbors in the Northwest part of the Valley said a group of teens has been terrorizing their community near Elkhorn and Fort Apache.
Neighbors in the Northwest part of the Valley said a group of teens has been terrorizing their community near Elkhorn and Fort Apache.
On April 27, the group of teens is recorded on cell phone video attacking a woman. Neighbors said the woman was attacked three times and suffered a sprained ankle and broken finger.
"Sixty kids came out of no where and just rushed everyone," Jon Harris said of his wife's attack. "I don't know how it started but we turned around and my wife was getting jumped by a bunch of kids."
In the same video that captured the attack, the group of teens is seen picking up baseball size rocks and throwing them. Many of those rocks, neighbors said hit homes and cars.
"They hit my neighbors' wife with those rocks," Harris said. "He was also hit trying to protect his wife."
As shocking as the video was to watch, neighbors said this is the new normal in their area.
"I want people to know that video where my neighbor is getting beat, this isn't a one time thing," Eric Phillips said. Phillips is a middle school math teacher, and lives in the neighborhood.
Others there said the teens have been causing problems in the area for months.
"You can't drive down the street. They stop cars they try to get in the cars. They start banging on cars," Harris said. "We know there names, we have pictures we have videos we have spoked to their parents. I mean two to three times a day they are an issue and 2-3 times a day police come. Police handcuff them, then 10 minutes later you see them back walking around."
After having no luck with the police nor parents, neighbors said they decided to try a different route.
They all wrote down statements and brought those concerns to the teens' school, Edmundo Escobedo Sr. Middle School.
"Well when I talked to my neighbor and she said her eight-year-old was not going to school because she was afraid. I said the school needs to do something," Phillips said.
Phillips said he brought dozens of statements to the school and was told: "We will not be investigating."
Neighbors said after months of dealing with this, tensions were reaching a boiling point.
"This is a situation someone is not going to come back from if it doesn't stop," Harris said.
Metro Police and Edmundo Escobedo Sr. Middle School did not respond to requests for comment.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
IMAGE: CNS photo/Jim Bourg, Reuters
By Rhina Guidos
WASHINGTON (CNS) — In the aftermath of a chaos- and hate-filled weekend in Virginia, Catholic bishops and groups throughout the nation called for peace after three people died and several others were injured following clashes between pacifists, protesters and white supremacists in Charlottesville, Virginia, Aug. 11 and 12.
A 32-year-old paralegal, Heather D. Heyer, was killed when a car plowed into a group in Charlottesville Aug. 12. Various news outlets have identified the driver as James Alex Fields, who allegedly told his mother he was attending a rally for President Donald Trump. Reports say the car allegedly driven by Fields plowed into a crowd during a white nationalist rally and a counter-rally the afternoon of Aug. 12.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions said early Aug. 14 the “evil attack” meets the legal definition of domestic terrorism and suggested pending charges for Fields who was in custody and has been charged with second-degree murder, among other charges. He was being held without bail.
The bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Richmond, Virginia, was one of the first to call for peace following the violence in Charlottesville late Aug. 11, which only became worse the following day.
On the evening of Aug. 11, The Associated Press and other news outlets reported a rally of hundreds of men and women, identified as white nationalists, carrying lit torches on the campus of the University of Virginia. Counter-protesters also were present during the rally and clashes were reported. The following day, at least 20 were injured and the mayor of Charlottesville confirmed Heyer's death later that afternoon via Twitter after the car allegedly driven by Fields rammed into the crowd of marchers. Two Virginia State Police troopers also died when a helicopter they were in crashed while trying to help with the violent events on the ground.
“In the last 24 hours, hatred and violence have been on display in the city of Charlottesville,” said Richmond Bishop Francis X. DiLorenzo in a statement on the afternoon of Aug. 12. “I earnestly pray for peace.”
Charlottesville is in Bishop DiLorenzo's diocese.
Virginia's governor declared a state of emergency Aug. 12 when violence erupted during the “Unite the Right” white nationalist protest against the removal of a statue of a Confederate general, Gen. Robert E. Lee. But the trouble already had started the night before with the lit torches and chants of anti-Semitic slogans on the grounds of the University of Virginia.
Cardinal Daniel N. DiNardo of Galveston-Houston, president of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops, called the events “abhorrent acts of hatred” in an Aug. 12 statement. He said they were an “attack on the unity of our nation.”
Other groups, including many faith groups, seeking to counter the white nationalist events showed up during both events. Authorities reported clashes at both instances.
“Only the light of Christ can quench the torches of hatred and violence. Let us pray for peace,” said Bishop DiLorenzo in his statement. “I pray that those men and women on both sides can talk and seek solutions to their differences respectfully.”
On Twitter, Jesuit Father James Martin denounced racism as a sin and said: “All Christians, all people of faith, should not only reject it, not only oppose it, but fight against it.”
Other bishops quickly followed in denouncing the violence.
“May this shocking incident and display of evil ignite a commitment among all people to end the racism, violence, bigotry and hatred that we have seen too often in our nation and throughout the world,” said Bishop Martin D. Holley of Memphis, Tennessee, in an Aug. 13 statement. “Let us pray for the repose of the souls of those who died tragically, including the officers, and for physical and emotional healing for all who were injured. May ours become a nation of peace, harmony and justice for one and all.”
Chicago's Cardinal Blase J. Cupich said Aug. 12 via Twitter: “When it comes to racism, there is only one side: to stand against it.”
Archbishop Charles J. Chaput of Philadelphia called racism the “poison of the soul,” and said in a statement that it was the United States' “original sin” and one that “never fully healed.”
He added that, “blending it with the Nazi salute, the relic of a regime that murdered millions, compounds the obscenity.”
On Aug. 13, Cardinal DiNardo, along with Bishop Frank J. Dewane of Venice, Florida, chairman of the USCCB Committee on Domestic Justice and Human Development, issued a statement saying: “We stand against the evil of racism, white supremacy and neo-Nazism. We stand with our sisters and brothers united in the sacrifice of Jesus, by which love's victory over every form of evil is assured.”
– – –
Follow Guidos on Twitter: @CNS_Rhina.
– – –
Copyright © 2017 Catholic News Service/U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. www.catholicnews.com. All rights reserved. Republishing or redistributing of CNS content, including by framing or similar means without prior permission, is prohibited. You may link to stories on our public site. This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To request permission for republishing or redistributing of CNS content, please contact permissions at cns@catholicnews.com.
Bigg Boss 11 contestants (especially, Hina Khan) do not know as to how their statements are creating controversies outside the house. It has to be recalled that a video in which Hina Khan was seen commenting on Sakshi Tanwar's eyes had gone viral.
A few television actors took to social media to lash out at Hina Khan for her comment against Sakshi Tanwar. Hina's boyfriend, Rocky felt that people made unnecessary fuss of Hina's comment, although the actor in question (Sakshi) hadn't commented on what Hina said!
Sakshi Tanwar's Quote On Hina's Statement Goes Viral Recently, an article on Sakshi Tanwar's quote on Hina's statement went viral. In the article, Sakshi was quoted as saying, "Hina Khan has not intended to demean me. I have seen the entire video too, it was some other contestant who stated that she didn't like my features and Hina just clarified why." Sakshi's Statement The statement further said, "I don't understand why Hina is being targeted for no reason. I am mature enough to understand the editing tricks of the channel too." Sakshi's Spokesperson Confirms It's A Fake Article But Sakshi's spokesperson has denied it. DNA quoted Sakshi's spokesperson as saying, "This is a fake interview. Totally fabricated." Sakshi Didn't Give An Interview! "Sakshi has not spoken to any online or other publication regarding this whole controversy and does not intend to respond either. It is shocking that this article got posted without any actual interview and online posts are posting it without verifying the truth." Kavita Kaushik Confirms That It's A Fake Article Even Kavita Kaushik took to social media to confirm the article was fake. She wrote, "It's a fake article - confirmed by saakshi 🏼." Karan Patel Karan Patel, who has been expressing his views against Hina on the social media, had entered the house as special guest. He lashed out at Arshi and Hina Khan for their behaviour. Karan Takes A Dig At Hina Again! Now, again Karan took to social media to take a dig at Hina (and her boyfriend, Rocky) regarding the fake article. He wrote, "Kya yaar #MissGrace ka pre-paid pyaar apna PR theek se nahi kar paya .... 😂😂😂😂😂." Rohan Rohan Mehra's Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai co-actor), who had entered the house as special guest, had suggested Hina Khan not to take names when they are discussing about other actors! Well, we hope Hina takes Rohan's suggestion seriously!
Bigg Boss 11: SHOCKING! Makers Paid Priyank Sharma's Ex Divya Agarwal A Huge Amount To Create Drama!
Final and preliminary squads for 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon from January 14 to February 5: Final squads Group A Gabon Goalkeepers: Anthony Mfa Mezui (clubless), Yves Stephane Bitseki Moto (Mounana), Didier Ovono (Ostend/BEL) Defenders: Aaron Appindangoye (Laval/FRA), Bruno Ecuele Manga (Cardiff City/WAL), Franck Perrin Obambou (Stade Mandji), Johann Serge Obiang (Troyes/FRA), Benjamin […]
The post AFCON squads appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
Vikas Calls Hina 'Chalu'!
Vikas and Hina get into an argument. Vikas even calls Hina ‘Chalu', which irks Hina. She tells Vikas to stop calling her ‘chalu' (on national television) as it is a bad word, while Vikas keeps calling her 'chalu' and vamp! (Well, we are not sure as to what was wrong with the word ‘chalu' as far as we know Vikas meant Hina was ‘clever'!)
ARLINGTON, Texas — Wisconsin tight end Troy Fumagalli made a leaping 8-yard touchdown catch in the fourth quarter and the Badgers won 24-16 in the Cotton Bowl on Monday to deny Western Michigan an undefeated season.
The TD catch by Fumagalli with 14 minutes left, in the back of the end zone between two defenders, came three plays after a rare interception thrown by Zach Terrell and made it 24-10.
With their "Row The Boat" mentality inspired by young head coach P.J. Fleck, the Broncos (13-1) made it from one win during his first season in Kalamazoo three years ago to the last FBS team other than No. 1 Alabama this season with a chance to be undefeated.
But Wisconsin (11-3), which finished with 11 wins for the fourth time in seven seasons, was clearly bigger and stronger — especially up front. The Big Ten Badgers set the tone early, with rushing touchdowns on their first two drives to take a 14-0 lead against the Group of Five team.
Fumagalli had several other highlight catches, including a one-handed 20-yard grab on the Badgers' opening drive, and a 26-yard catch to convert third-and-8 after Western Michigan scored in the fourth quarter.
Terrell combined with All-America receiver Corey Davis for 51 career touchdowns, tying the FBS record on an 11-yarder on fourth down with 3:27 left. Even with cornerback Sojourn Shelton's arms wrapped around him in the back of the end zone, Davis broke free to make the catch.
Western Michigan's senior quarterback had 33 touchdowns and only four interceptions this season, the last pick by Wisconsin linebacker T.J. Edwards.
TAKEAWAY
Western Michigan: The Broncos never backed down and Fleck has set a solid foundation for them to keep rowing forward, even with the loss of guys like Davis and Terrell, who were part of that one-win season in 2013. Western Michigan had only 280 total yards, 217 below its season average.
Wisconsin: The only losses this season for the Badgers were to Big Ten foes Michigan, Ohio State and Penn State — all who also played in New Year's Six games. Freshman quarterback Alex Hornibrook, who started nine games before a concussion forced him to miss the Big Ten championship game, was 2-of-2 passing. He threw the TD pass to Fumagalli, who finished with six catches for 83 yards.
UP NEXT
Western Michigan knows it has to continue play Power Five teams to have chances for more New Year's Six games, and maybe eventually a playoff appearance. The Broncos open next season Sept. 2 at USC, a week before they play Michigan State, another Big Ten opponent.
Wisconsin always gets a chance to prove itself in the Big Ten. So the Badgers can ease into its season, and will Sept. 1 at home against Utah State.
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
Michael Bennett knew that people would judge him.
He saw what happened to Colin Kaepernick after he took a knee during the national anthem — Bennett said earlier this summer he believes the quarterback is being blackballed by the league for the protest.
But after watching the violence in Charlottesville, he told reporters, he wanted to do something. And he knew he had a platform. Here's what he told reporters, via the Seattle Times:
“First of all I want to make sure people understand I love the military — my father was in the military,” Bennett said. “I love hot dogs like any other American. I love football like any other American. But I don't love segregation, I don't love riots, I don't love oppression. I don't love to gender slander. I just want to see people have the equality that they deserve and I want to be able to use this platform to continuously push the message and keep finding out how unselfish we can be in society, how we can continuously love one another and understand that people are different. And just because people are different doesn't mean that you shouldn't like them. Just because they don't eat what you eat, just because they don't pray to the same God you pray to don't mean you should hate them. Whether it is Muslim, whether it is Buddhist, whether it is Christianity, I just want people to understand that no matter what, we need to stay together. It's more about being a human being at this point.”
He told reporters he didn't tell his teammates about his plans.
From ESPN:
“I'm being vulnerable right now,” Bennett said. “There's a whole bunch of people sitting at home judging me, but they will never get to this point where they can be vulnerable. Let people attack me because they don't believe what I believe in, but at the end of the day, I'm being vulnerable to show every person that no matter [what] you believe in, keep fighting for it. Keep fighting for equality. Keep fighting for oppressed people. And keep trying to change society.”
Over the past year, critics have found it easy to yell about patriotism and what NFL players do or don't understand about what they're fighting for. There will be people who read Bennett's statements and dismiss them, or more likely they won't read them and will yell on Twitter or threaten to boycott games and maybe actually do it because he took a seat. There are going to be people who scream at me on Twitter for writing this post in the first place.
But there are much more unpatriotic things that happened in this country over the weekend than someone sitting for an anthem to draw attention to a cause he believes in, a cause we should all believe in. He backed up the protest with words that reminded us all that we're in this together, reminded us all that to fulfill the promise of America that we must drive out hate and cherish acceptance and that he's willing to take a risk to make our world a better place.
There are few things worth listening to more than that.
Read more over at USA TODAY Sports.
Polaris recalls Sportsman 570 all-terrain vehicles (ATVs) due to the air intake duct can contact the fuel rail and cause a fuel leak, posing a fire hazard.
This recall involves model year 2014 through 2016 Sportsman 570 Touring and X2 model ATVs and model year 2017 Sportsman 570 6x6 model ATVs. The recalled ATVs have one or two seats with four or six tires. "Sportsman" and the model type are printed on the side of the steering column and "Polaris" is printed near the front grill. The ATVs were sold in several colors. The vehicle identification numbers (VIN) are printed on the front or rear frame near the back tire. Recalled VIN numbers are at www.polaris.com. View Models here: https://cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Polaris-Recalls-Sportsman-570-All-Terrain-Vehicles
Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled ATVs and contact Polaris to schedule a free repair. Polaris is contacting all known purchasers directly.
Consumers can contact Polaris at 800-765-2747 from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday or online at www.polaris.com and click on "Off-Road Safety Recalls" at the bottom of the page for more information.
The ATVs were sold at Polaris dealers nationwide from May 2013 through December 2016 for between $7,700 and $11,000.
Four Jaguars players in CWI President's X1 – S/Lanka begins C'bean tour today with 3-Day game in T&T
Sri Lanka begins their fifth tour to the West Indies with a three-day warm-up game against a CWI President's X1 from today at Brian Lara ground in South Trinidad.
Four players who represented four-times defending champions Guyana Jaguars in CPL Four-Day First-Class tournament have been included in the 13-man squad for today's match.
Left-handed All-Rounder 27-year-old Bajan Raymond Reifer who played his only Test against New Zealand last December in the last Test match the Windies played and left-handed batsman 29 year-old Vishal Singh who played the last of his three Tests against Pakistan in May last year in Dominica, both have Test experience.
The 24-year-old Chanderpaul Hemraj who made his First-Class debut as an 18-year-old in Trinidad and 26-year-old pacer Keon Joseph are the other Guyana players in the side which will be led by Nevisian Kieran Powell, one of seven players with Test experience in the squad.
The last time Sri Lanka toured the West Indies was in 2008 when they beat West Indies by 121 runs in the inaugural Test match at Providence before losing the second Test in the two-Test series in Trinidad.
The first Test in the 3-Test series starts on June 10 at the Queen's Park Ov
al in Trinidad.
President's X1 Sqaud: Kieran Powell (Captain), Sunil Ambris, Jermaine Blackwood, Shamarh Brooks, John Campbell, Rahkeem Cornwall, Miguel Cummins, Jahmar Hamilton, Chandrapaul Hemraj, Keon Joseph, Raymon Reifer, Vishual Singh, Jomel Warrican .
Team Management Unit: Floyd Reifer (Head Coach), Rayon Griffith (Assistant Coach), Orlando Griffith (Strength & Conditioning Coordinator), Khevyn Williams (Physiotherapist), Dinesh Mahabir (Analyst), Mushtaq Ahmed (Bowling Coach).
Richard Pybus will accompany the Unit in his capacity as High Performance Director. (Sean Devers)
Stephen Hawking is reputed for his contributions in general relativity, cosmology and even black holes. He is a very famous British physicist who proved that even conditions like amyotrophic lateral sclerosis will never be a hindrance to one's intelligence. In fact, he just recently completed a zero gravity flight. And this allowed him to float weightless. But amidst all his achievements, he did not claim to be the most intelligent person in the world.
“Those who brag on their mental abilities are losers”, Stephen stated.
This only shows that it takes more than just taking the best supplements for brain power to be like Stephen Hawking. You need to have the proper attitude to be one.
But despite Hawking's confidence, there is one thing that he is worried about. “ I fear that I may not be welcomed in the United States now that Donald Trump was elected as the president”, Hawking expressed. “His leadership is more of an authoritarian approach”, he added.
One thing that Hawking was concerned about is the Scott Pruitt's appointment as the Environmental Protection Agency head. “He (referring to Scott) is even a nonbeliever of carbon dioxide causing climate change”, Hawking commented. “Though climate change poses a great danger to our environment, this is one thing that can also be prevented”, he added.
“Pruitt's appointment, the border wall and the sanctioning of 2 oil pipelines are all meant to gratify Trump's electorate, which we know are not well informed”, Hawking said. However, he expressed that he still have many colleagues and friends in U.S. and that he admire this country in a lot of ways. However, he still fears that he will never be welcome here. Before Trump becomes a Republican nominee, Hawking called him a “demagogue”, stating that he petitions to the lowest common denominator.
Stephen Hawking's reaction to Trump's nomination is something is not surprising. According to the author of Emotional Intelligence; Travis Bradberry, intelligent people can argue with anyone convincingly and articulately from every angle. And it's how they argue that sets them apart from the others. In fact, they are very gifted when it comes to this matter. And they do so no matter how other people judge the situation. This is because they have brains that are quicker than their mouth. They know how to think first before they speak, making them always one step ahead from than the others.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Doctors and patients continue to wrestle with the possibility of medical devices being hacked. The issue came to the forefront in August by Muddy Waters Research, which is an publication about investments. They said St. Jude devices were vulnerable to hackers and that's what prompted other groups like the FDA to look closer.
Then in January, St.Jude rolled out a software patch to tighten security on the devices. It's important to note that hackers have not accessed any devices, just the vulnerabilities were uncovered.
“I do feel like it's far-fetched. I'm not sure what the motive would be for somebody,” Rachel Shepherd said.
Shepherd has cardiomyopathy and congestive heart failure and has a bi-ventricular ICD, which is a pacemaker and a defibrillator in her chest.
“It took 13 years and then last year it shocked me for the first time, twice in one night. I'm thankful that it saved my life,” Shepherd said.
The FDA said if a hacker did gain control, they could deplete battery life or administer incorrect pacing or shocks.
“It's important that companies and especially the federal government as well, invest in such endeavors, looking at specifically security related issues and security breaches, potential security breaches, so they're identified up-front rather than through an issue after the issue has occurred,” Dr. Gopi Dandamudim, IU Health, said.
Patches were sent out for the St. Jude devices and other companies are on high alert, so Dr. Dandamudi says patients who need these devices shouldn't avoid them.
“We always look at risk/benefit ratios when we look at any medical decisions,” Dr. Dandamudi said.
As for Shepherd, who connects with other heart disease patients over social media, she says the community is concerned, but she is not.
“I have so many other worries with having a heart problem and stuff, that I just can't worry about that,” Shepherd said.
The whistle-blowers allege a universal code for the life-saving technology exists, which would allow hackers to control the implants. Still doctors say a breach is unlikely.
Patients with the transmitters are advised to continue a normal routine of check-ups with their doctor and to keep their transmitter connected to WiFi so that it can automatically upgrade with the new software patches. Patients with questions can contact St. Jude Medical's Merlin@home customer service at 1-877-My-Merlin.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Mets get back key reliever, who passes his first test WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — It was just 10 pitches, but it was a “great” day for Mets reliever Anthony Swarzak. “It felt great. It felt great to compete. It...
Mets may have found themselves a leadoff hitter PORT ST. LUCIE — Asdrubal Cabrera keeps getting opportunities at leadoff for the Mets and producing. The veteran infielder is a possibility for that spot to start the season, manager...
Jacob deGrom offers some Opening Day optimism PORT ST. LUCIE — Jacob deGrom isn't abandoning hope he can begin the season with the Mets. A day after manager Mickey Callaway indicated it's unclear if the right-hander will...
Digesting early injury scare in season Mets said would be different PORT ST. LUCIE — He's been a member of the Mets for about 15 minutes, but it's probably the right time to award Anthony Swarzak the prize for providing the...
Anthony Swarzak on finding his slider and being a foodie in NYC Post columnist Steve Serby caught up with Mets reliever Anthony Swarzak for some spring training Q&A. Q: What is your message to Mets fans? A: My message this year is...
Jason Vargas signing rounds off strong offseason for the Mets PORT ST. LUCIE — With Friday's signing of Jason Vargas, the Mets have seemingly completed their busy offseason. Graded on a curve, they get an A. Go ahead and bemoan...
Mets reliever's 'scary' connection to Florida shooting PORT ST. LUCIE — Like the rest of us, Anthony Swarzak first learned of the South Florida high school shooting on Wednesday, when the news flashed on his phone. Unlike...
It didn't take long for Yankees-Mets trash talk to get started PORT ST. LUCIE — New York is at its baseball best when both teams are postseason-worthy. The Yankees certainly are after their run to one win from the World Series...
New Mets reliever: How Mickey Callaway turned me around If Anthony Swarzak's reunion with his former pitching coach Mickey Callaway is the highlight of the Mets' offseason, it likely won't matter how well the right-hander does in the bullpen,...
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — A person familiar with the situation says the Carolina Panthers and unrestricted free agent slot wide receiver Jarius Wright have agreed on a three-year deal.
The person spoke to The Associated Press Monday on condition of anonymity because the Panthers have not announced the move. Financial terms of the deal were not immediately known.
The 28-year-old Wright has spent all six NFL seasons with the Vikings and is familiar with Panthers offensive coordinator Norv Turner, having worked under him in Minnesota.
The 5-foot-10, 191-pound Wright had 18 receptions for 198 yards and two touchdowns last season. His most productive season came in 2014, when he caught 42 passes for 588 yards and two touchdowns.
Wright has 153 catches for 2,039 yards and 10 touchdowns during his career with Minnesota.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Your browser does not support iframes.
Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian‘s relationship seems to be going through a rough time, and Blac Chyna is reportedly ready to make her exit from the Kardashian clan. But Kris Jenner, mastermind matriarch and momager, is ready to do what it takes to keep Blac Chyna and Rob together, and she isn't shy about how much she's willing to shell out to make that happen.
Sign Up For Our Newsletter!
Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.
As Lil Duval says, Blac Chyna is a G for getting herself a payday with the Kardashian cash cow. Check out this exclusive video to hear more in this Lil Duval-assisted edition of Gary's Tea from “The Rickey Smiley Morning Show.”
RELATED: Hip Hop Spot: Why We Should All Be Happy For Blac Chyna [EXCLUSIVE VIDEO]
RELATED: Gary's Tea: Are The Kardashians Trying To Block Blac Chyna's Cash Flow? [EXCLUSIVE VIDEO]
RELATED: Is Rob Kardashian Afraid His Relationship With Blac Chyna Will Be Destroyed By Reality TV? [EXCLUSIVE AUDIO]
An LVMPD patrol unit blocks the scene of a homicide May 21, 2018 (FOX5).
A man was shot multiple times and later died at a hospital early Monday morning west of the Las Vegas Strip.
Metro homicide Lt. Ray Spencer said a bystander initially reported the incident to dispatch as a car crash shortly after midnight on Rogers Street, near Tropicana Avenue and Arville Street. The witness approached the driver of the vehicle and noticed a man suffering from a gunshot wound to the chest, police said.
The Clark County Coroner identified the victim as Dennis Keith Dillard Jr., 50, from Pahrump, Nevada.
Dillard was taken to University Medical Center where he was later pronounced dead from multiple gunshot wounds.
Homicide detectives and officers located the initial scene of the shooting at a business on Bond Street, near Rogers Street. According to the investigation, the victim parked his SUV at a warehouse a few feet from where the shooting took place.
After the shooting unfolded, police said Dillard attempted to drive away and crashed into several businesses and curbs before crossing an embankment in a parking lot. The victim stopped on Rogers Street where bystanders heard the final crash into a light pole, police said.
Police do not have a suspect in custody at this time. Detectives will continue to investigate the incident.
Anyone with information is urged to contact Metro's Homicide Section at 702-828-3521. To remain anonymous, call Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The special counsel appointed to investigate Russian influence in the 2016 presidential campaign is now examining whether President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice, it has been reported.
Accusations of obstruction arose last month when Trump fired FBI Director James Comey. Comey testified in a Senate hearing last week that he believed he was fired “because of the Russia investigation.”
Comey also testified he had told Trump he was not under investigation.
The Washington Post reported late Wednesday that Mueller was seeking interviews with three Trump administration officials who weren't involved in Trump's campaign: Dan Coats, the director of national intelligence; Michael Rogers, the head of the National Security Agency; and Richard Ledgett, the former NSA deputy director.
Mark Corallo, a spokesman for Trump's personal lawyer, responded Wednesday evening to the Post report by saying: “The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal.”
The Post report cited anonymous sources who were briefed on requests made by investigators. It was not known whether the FBI was the source of the information. The New York Times also reported the story.
Mueller met Wednesday with the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee in an effort to ensure their investigations don't conflict.
The leaders of the Senate Intelligence committee said in a statement issued Wednesday that they “look forward to future engagements” with Robert Mueller.
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr, R-N.C., and Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, the panel's top Democrat, didn't provide any other details regarding the meeting. An aide familiar with the meeting said it was held to discuss the investigations, including ways that the parallel inquiries don't interfere with or overlap one another. The aide spoke on condition of anonymity because the meeting was private.
The meeting comes a day after lawmakers questioned Justice Department officials about the probe and Mueller's independence, and after a friend of Trump said the White House was considering firing Mueller.
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller last month, testified Tuesday he has seen no evidence of good cause to fire Mueller.
Also Wednesday, Senate Judiciary Chairman Charles Grassley said his panel will investigate the removal of former FBI Director James Comey and “any alleged improper partisan interference in law enforcement investigations.”
Grassley announced the investigation in a letter to California Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the panel's top Democrat. Grassley's office said the letter is in response to a recent letter from Feinstein requesting that the committee seek details from senior FBI leadership about Comey's interactions with President Donald Trump before he was fired.
The letter said the investigation will also probe Comey's testimony that Loretta Lynch, as President Barack Obama's attorney general, had directed him to describe an FBI probe into Hillary Clinton's email practices as merely a “matter” and to avoid calling it an investigation.
“You and I agree that the American people deserve a full accounting of attempts to meddle in both our democratic processes and the impartial administration of justice … It is my view that fully investigating the facts, circumstances, and rationale for Mr. Comey's removal will provide us the opportunity to do that on a cooperative, bipartisan basis,” according to the letter.
Feinstein has said the Judiciary Committee should investigate, but had asked Grassley to keep the investigations separate. Grassley said Comey's dismissal and Comey's testimony on Lynch should be looked at together, noting that Comey “took the opportunity in his testimony to clear his own name by denouncing as false the administration's claims that the FBI rank-and-file had lost confidence in Mr. Comey's leadership in the wake of the Clinton email investigation.”
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari, adding th...
By CHARLES ODUMAP Sports Writer
FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga. (AP) - Atlanta Falcons running back Devonta Freeman has concussion symptoms and has been ruled out for this week's preseason game at Pittsburgh.
Freeman left Sunday's practice with heat-related issues. Coach Dan Quinn said Monday that Freeman reported the concussion symptoms after leaving the field and has been placed in the concussion protocol.
Tevin Coleman took over first-team snaps at running back on Monday as the team held its final practice of training camp. Coleman's playing time likely will be limited in Sunday's game as Quinn focuses on the competition between Terron Ward and rookie Brian Hill for the third running back spot.
The Falcons agreed to term Wednesday on a five-year, $41.25 million extension with Freeman. The deal makes Freeman the league's highest-paid running back in terms of the overall package.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The property group which co-owns Birmingham's Bullring and Grand Central shopping centres has dismissed an offer to buy the company.
Hammerson said the bid by French group Klépierre significantly undervalued the company after the Paris-based investor and mall operator made a offer which valued it at 615 pence per share.
In a statement to the London Stock Exchange today, Hammerson described the approach as "unsolicited and entirely opportunistic in its timing" and its board had unanimously rejected it on the grounds it "very significantly" undervalued the group.
The statement added that Hammerson remained fully committed to acquiring Intu Properties, the company which owns and operates the Merry Hill centre in Dudley, after the proposed deal was first announced in December.
Hammerson, along with Land Securities and Henderson Global Investors, was part of the the original development team of the Bullring which opened in 2003 and it still owns 50 per cent of the city centre mall.
In 2016, it acquired the Grand Central shopping centre above New Street from Birmingham City Council, later selling 50 per cent of its stake to Canadian Pension Plan Investment Board.
Hammerson's chairman David Tyler said: "The proposal from Klépierre is wholly inadequate and entirely opportunistic.
"It is a calculated attempt to exploit the disconnect between our recent share price performance and the inherent value of our unique and irreplaceable portfolio which is delivering record results.
"The Hammerson board sees absolutely no merit in Klépierre's proposal and has unanimously rejected it.
"The board strongly advises shareholders to take no action."
Klépierre said it had made a proposal to the board of Hammerson on March 8 with the intention of engaging in dialogue regarding a possible offer for entire company.
"The proposal represents a premium of approximately 40.7 per cent to the closing price of 437.10 pence per Hammerson ordinary share on March 16, 2018, and the consideration would comprise a combination of cash and shares in Klépierre.
"The board of Hammerson rejected the proposal in less than 24 hours."
Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) Chief Raj Thackeray lashed out against the Maharashtra government for providing a state funeral for Sridevi at a political rally held at Shivaji Park in Mumbai that was attended by thousands of his followers. Now the question is - can the Government give state funeral to a Padma Shri awardee like Sridevi?
Sridevi was given a state funeral with her body being wrapped in the tricolour. As per the rules, only Presidents, Prime Ministers, Governors, Chief Ministers, Speakers and other high ranking Government dignitaries can be accorded a state funeral along with the National Flag being half-masted. So what about a Padma Shri awardee? Do they receive the same treatment?
As per the rules, a Padma Shri awardee has no rights to receive a state funeral but the awardee still stands a chance to receive a state funeral as it's purely a prerogative/discretion of the government, as the awardee has contributed to the growth of the country. So when the issue of Sridevi's death came along, the Govt decided to give a state funeral and wrapped her body in the tricolour, which they did legally and have all the rights to do so.
Also, the rules state that after a Padma Shri awardee's demise, the awardee has absolutely no rights when it comes to the National Flag to be half-masted nor do they hold any rights that their death to be declared as a public holiday. That is reserved only for the highest ranking ministers of the Government and other dignitaries.
With more than 2,500 square feet of cleanrooms & support space for device fabrication, biological analysis, & electrical testing, the new facility will further extend AVX's robust portfolio of components for Class I, II, & III medical devices
FOUNTAIN INN, SC--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - AVX Corporation ( NYSE : AVX), a leading manufacturer and supplier of passive components and interconnect solutions, has added a new medical device development facility to its corporate headquarters in Fountain Inn, S.C. With more than 2,500 square feet of cleanrooms and support space for device fabrication, biological analysis, and electrical testing equipment, the new medical device development lab will accommodate the efforts of eight to ten researchers dedicated to developing cutting-edge medical components. These devices will further extend AVX's robust portfolio of passive and interconnect solutions especially designed to satisfy the stringent electrical and mechanical performance demands of Class I, II, and III medical devices.
"Backed by more than 20 years' experience providing advanced passive component and interconnect solutions to the medical industry, our new medical device development facility represents an investment of more than $2.1 million and demonstrates our continued commitment to developing state-of-the-art component solutions for life-saving and life-enhancing technologies," said John Lawing, CTO and vice president of R&D, AVX. "Our medical design engineers have an innovative approach to problem-solving and an in-depth understanding of medical device design requirements, and our quality systems lead the industry and support customer-specific change control, documentation, specification, and testing procedures."
AVX offers a wide range of advanced tantalum and ceramic capacitors, thin film products, connectors, EMI filters and feedthroughs, SAW filters, and timing devices for medical applications spanning Class III implantable and life-support devices, including: pacemakers, implantable cardioverter-defibrillators (ICDs), and neuromodulation devices, to Class I and II devices, including: cochlear implants, insulin pumps, drug pumps, hearing aids, heart monitors, vascular assist devices, MRI and X-ray machines, external defibrillators, and other monitoring and diagnostic devices.
For more information about AVX's robust portfolio of passive component and interconnect solutions for Class I, II, and III medical devices, please visit the Medical Industry Applications page at http://www.avx.com/industry-applications/medical/ or email medical.info@avx.com. For more information about AVX's current component solutions for Class II and Class III medical devices, please visit http://catalogs.avx.com/MedicalProducts.pdf to access their Medical Selector Guide. For all other inquiries, please visit www.avx.com, call 864-967-2150, or write to One AVX Boulevard, Fountain Inn, S.C. 29644.
About AVX
AVX Corporation is a leading international manufacturer and supplier of electronic passive components and interconnect solutions with 20 manufacturing and warehouse facilities in 11 countries around the world. AVX offers a broad range of devices including capacitors, resistors, filters, timing and circuit protection devices, and connectors. The company is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE : AVX).
A member of the Kyocera Group since 1990, AVX is also the only company authorized to supply Kyocera's electronic devices to the Americas and Europe. Established in 1959 and based in Kyoto, Japan, Kyocera Corporation is a leading international supplier of connectors, capacitors, ceramic resonators, surface acoustic wave (SAW) filters and duplexers, and crystal oscillators and timing devices.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G135994/Images/AVX186_New_Medical_Electronics_Lab_Facility_PR-74bd109316e1a8ee916cc1210278c49c.jpg
A homeless man's car breaks down, then strangers help to put his life back on track
The fish was caught in a private pond in Philadelphia, west of Knoxville, by Lionel “Jam” Ferguson and weighed 5 pounds, 7.6 ounces. Its weight was verified by a Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency officer. It beats the former state record black crappie that weighed 4 pounds, 4 ounces caught in 1985.
As for the white crappie species, that state-record fish weighed 5 pounds, 1 ounce and was caught in a Dickson County pond in 1968.
Ferguson's fish also breaks the black crappie world record, an even 5-pounder that was caught in Missouri in 2006.
A fisherman who catches a state record fish receives a certificate from the TWRA and his or her name goes into the Tennessee Fishing Guide's list of record species.
…
Elk raffle: Raffle tickets for a tag for this fall's elk hunt are now available on-line at the Tennessee Wildlife Resources Foundation website. In the past, the tag had been auctioned off online.
Additional tags for the elk gun hunt, archery hunt and youth hunt will be issued by a random draw as done in the past.
Each raffle ticket costs $10, and there is no limit on how many tickets an individual can purchase.
In addition to receiving a tag for a bull elk, the winner of the raffle will also receive a big-game hunting rifle and scope, a package valued at $1,000.
Proceeds go to support the state's ongoing elk-restoration program.
…
Elk viewing: The TWRA has set up an “elk cam” for viewing elk on an East Tennessee Wildlife Management Area. The cam can be accessed on the TWRA website, tnwildlife.org
…
Outdoors women: The annual Becoming an Outdoors Woman (BOW) workshop will be held June 1-3 in Crossville. Women 18 and older can enroll for classes in a wide variety of outdoors activities, from fly fishing to cooking, camping and deer and turkey hunting.
The fee is $224 and includes lodging.
For more information contact TWRA official Don Hosse at 615-781-6541 or visit tnwildlife.org.
OUTDOORS CALENDAR:
May 12-June 10: spring squirrel season
June 9-15: Free Fishing Week
PHOTOS WELCOME: Caught a big catfish or a prize bass? Share your favorite outdoors photos with readers of The Lebanon Democrat by e-mailing them to areed@lebanondemocrat.com.
(credit: CBS)
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — There was only one way to get a true sense of Super Bowl weekend, and that was to come downtown and see it firsthand.
But for many it was a pain navigating congested and snow-covered streets, and fun also brought a degree of frustration.
It was like a giant Super Bowl snow globe as visitors, dusted in white, cheered a death-defying stunt, with Levi LaVallee doing a backflip on his snowmobile right on Nicollet Mall and 11th Street, in front of WCCO-TV's studios.
But if the fresh snow set the stage, not everyone was cheering. Karen Spitzfadden opted for an Uber.
“I never did plan to drive, didn't want to deal with the parking and didn't know even where I would park,” she said.
Congestion and slick roads had downtown streets at a crawl, making it faster to go by bike than car.
Saturday's weather challenges also brought reassurance. City leaders promise quick work, clearing sidewalks and roads.
“We have 39 pieces of equipment treating our streets and plowing our streets,” Minneapolis Public Works director Robin Hutcheson said.
What some cursed, others embraced.
“They gave us some snowshoes and we went snowshoeing up the hill on that street. That's pretty cool,” visitor Mitch Monson said. “I'm pretty graceful on the snow.”
The snow and cold didn't deter TSA's viper teams, using canines to patrol light rail stations.
“The weather always is going to be a challenge, especially as cold as it is, but they'll always fight through it and focus on the mission of keeping the travelers and transportation system safe,” TSA Federal Air Marshal Services' Tom Kelly said.
At RiverCenter in St. Paul it was a big night at Taste of the NFL. Nearby, a taste of winter at the St. Paul Winter Carnival in Rice Park.
The general theme? Enjoying Super Bowl sights with a true sense of the Bold North.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A vigil was held Wednesday to remember a Kansas City father on what would have been his 34th birthday.
KCPD officers were called to investigate a homicide at 41st and Prospect on Saturday November 7, 2015. When officers arrived they found 32-year-old Kevin L. Durham, in a vehicle. Durham died a short time later.
Lakeith R. Courtney faces charges of first degree murder and armed criminal action in relation to the death of Durham. Courtney is not in custody, and police are asking anyone with information on his whereabouts to contact them.
Meanwhile, prosecutors have filed a murder charge against a suspect they say fired shots into a home near 57th and Manchester, killing Durham's brother in August of 2016.
Victor Nevels, 29, has been charged with second degree murder in the death of Keenon Durham Sr.
“It's been devastating for me because, they were my rock they were my everything and now I'm just empty, not a day go by that I don't think about them, I cry," the mother of the two men, Loise Barnes Durham said.
“It breaks my heart to know that they had to go through it twice, Kevin was the love of my life, Keenon his brother was a friend, but to lose two sons that has to be very hurtful," Tiesha Gentry said.
Gentry was Kevin Durham's girlfriend and mother of one of his three children.
"Today would have been my daddy's birthday," the young boy said into a microphone at the vigil that was also attended by members of Mothers in Charge.
The interest in eco-friendly home improvements is greater than ever. In the Seven Cities of Hampton Roads, Aquashield Roofing has won praise for their work in this area.
Hampton Roads, VA (PRUnderground) April 24th, 2018
Experts agree a family's home can certainly have a positive effect on the environment. This can make the choice of a home improvement contractor a very important one, not just personally but for the entire community. The good news is, in the extended Seven Cities of Hampton Roads area, one experienced roofing company, Aquashield Roofing, has dedicated themselves to providing a wide range of popular and effective eco-friendly “Green” roofing and siding solutions. The company recently celebrated the tremendous amount of positive feedback their work in this space has received from more-than-satisfied customers.
“We know first and foremost clients are looking for a roof that will stand the test of time and keep them, their families, and their possessions dry in the worst conditions,” commented a spokesperson from the company. “But once that is assured there is a great number of people who would like to leave as little a negative footprint on the environment as possible. We work hard to make the latest “Green”, eco-friendly choices available, and at attractive price points.”
According to Aquashield Roofing, one of the most popular options is going with TPO roofing. TPO has won universal praise from both the eco-minded and the construction/home improvement industry for using material that is not only 100% recycled, but also saves a substantial amount of energy through its reflective properties.
Other “Green” roofing options available for installation through the company include innovative roofs, which are made of recycled plastic and rubber. This composite material is not only pro-environment but also gives the appearance of extremely attractive cedar and slate, coming supported by a lifetime guarantee.
The same kind of choices is open for those clients interested in premium quality recycled shingles.
Staffed by real roofers, and not a high-pressure sales staff, Aquashield Roofing encourages potential clients to get in touch and discuss their home improvement projects needs and how the company can help with any suggestions, or answer any related questions.
Aquashield Roofing serves all of the Hampton Roads areas including nearby cities in both Virginia and North Carolina.
Reviews of the companies roofing and siding services have been completely positive.
Michael J., from Virginia Beach, recently said, “Aquashield Roofing blew away our expectations. Completely easy to deal with, transparent pricing, and we are very happy with picking TPO roofing after a talk with one of their experts. Five-stars all the way.”
For more information be sure to visit http://www.aquashieldroofingcorp.com and http://www.757hamptonroads.com.
About Aquashield Roofing
Aquashield Roofing is serving all of Hampton Roads, VA. We offer free estimates on new roof replacements and roof leak repairs, for both residential and commercial customers. Our roofing company will show you that not all roofing contractors are the same! We take great pride in every residential roofing system that we install.
When the Astros signed Jose Altuve to an extension that carried through 2024 and his age-34 season, they were gambling he would stay on track with Pete Rose and Derek Jeter.
Notice the word “stay.” Because so often it is difficult to appreciate greatness in the moment. But understand in Altuve you are watching one of the great hit accumulators in major league history.
When Altuve produced two more hits Tuesday night against the Yankees that gave him 1,326 hits through 1,038 career games during his age-28 season.
Rose recorded two hits in a doubleheader opener on Sept. 8, 1969. That gave him 1,287 hits through 1,038 games during his age-28 season.
Jeter singled on July 29, 2002. That gave him 1,327 hits through 1,038 games during his age-28 season.
The similarities between Altuve and Jeter, in particular, go beyond a one-hit difference through the same number of games played. They were both championship middle infielders by their 28th birthday – Jeter four times, Altuve once. When Altuve delivered those two hits Tuesday against the Yankees it gave him 378 multi-hit games through those 1,038 career games. You know how many Jeter had at the same point? Yep, 378.
Just an aside here, but I looked at multi-hit games through the age-28 season and Jeter had 395. You know who had 381? Jose Reyes. A reminder in this horrific season for Reyes about the arc we once thought he was following.
Now, back to our show.
Weighted Runs Created Plus is a singular stat designed to weigh all offensive outcomes (for example, a double is better than a single, a triple better than a double, etc.) while factoring in effect of league and park. Through 1,038 games Jeter was 26 percent better than the MLB average, Altuve was 25 percent.
Altuve was hitting .317 with 371 extra-base hits and 237 steals compared to Jeter .319, 352 extra-base hits and 159 steals.
Jeter signed a 10-year extension in spring training going into his age-27 season and finished with the sixth-most hits ever (3,465). Rose was first (4,256). Both were durable hitting metronomes beyond the traditional prime.
Altuve signed his extension this past spring training entering his age-28 campaign. Will he endure like Rose and Jeter?
Among players who debuted in the Modern Era (since 1900), these are the players with the most hits through 1,038 games: 1. Ichiro Suzuki 1,478. 2. Wade Boggs, 1,411. 3. Kirby Puckett, 1,371. 4. Nomar Garciaparra, 1,354. 5. Tony Gwynn, 1,332. 6. Jeter, 1,327. T7. Altuve/Don Mattingly, 1,326 (thanks to Elias and MLB Network researcher Eric Nehs). The list is filled with players (Suzuki, Boggs, Gwynn, Jeter) who aged well, but also due to health reasons those who didn't (Garciaparra, Puckett, Mattingly).
Altuve, to date, has been durable and brilliant. He has played the fourth-most games since becoming a regular in 2013, including every Astros game this year. Altuve currently leads the majors in hits. If that holds, it would mean leading the AL in hits a fifth straight season. The only player who has led a league in hits five straight years is Suzuki (2006-10).
“From my perspective, I think he ages well because of his vision and bat to ball skills,” Astros manager A.J. Hinch said.
“Being a bad ball hitter so often shows me the ability to hit so many varieties of pitches. He doesn't have a glaring weakness offensively where teams can exploit him. That should lead to high hit totals. He is so elite at hitting everything.”
And Altuve is getting hits against the greatest velocity ever, computer programs that more exactly reveal hitter's areas of weakness and in the age of the shift. In 2002, when Jeter was 28, the major league batting average was .261. It is .245 this year.
Yet, Altuve keeps hitting and hitting. He had four 200 hits seasons from 2014-17. The rest of the majors had eight with only Dee Gordon (twice) doing it more than once. From 2014 through Tuesday, Altuve had 921 hits. The second most in the majors belonged to Charlie Blackmon at 800. That gap of 121 hits is the same as between Blackmon and the guy who ranks 26th in that period, Anthony Rizzo.
Can Altuve persevere like Jeter or Rose or Boggs? The Astros gambled that he is in that mold by giving him the largest contract in franchise history. However it goes, enjoy this moment when we are watching one of the great hit makers in major league history.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Shoppers could be adding a trip to the beach to their list of things to do in Reading after a bit of retail therapy at The Oracle.
There's no need to go all the way to Bournemouth as German Events Ltd is hoping to set up a beach bar pop up on the riverside for the summer.
The events and catering company has submitted a licensing application to Reading Borough Council.
The team would like to serve alcohol and put on entertainment at the pop up, which would operate seven days a week in the area in front of Pizza Hut.
One of the managers of German Events Ltd, Sven Schmidt said: "We are looking to take over the performance area of The Oracle by the River Kennet.
"We are looking to fill it with sand and deck chairs and beach balls and serve all sorts of beverages including cocktails.
"Our aim is to create an additional family-friendly environment in this area.
"We have operated in this area before, as we are the same people who run the Christmas bar in the space before.
"The space is in the process of being newly developed and we're in the final stages of planning for the bar.
"We operate there often and the council know us so hopefully the license application will go ahead and we will be ready to go."
The space - which would be known as Beach Bar Reading - would be open from 10am to 10pm.
The application is still pending approval from the council.
Kinder Morgan (NYSE: KMI) has been busy this year. The company has continued its strategy of shoring up its balance sheet and high-grading its backlog so it can deliver meaningful growth in the coming years. We'll get our first look at how its recent progress will impact future projections when the company reports first-quarter results this Wednesday. Here are three things to watch in that report.
Continue Reading Below
1. Any changes to the guidance
In early December Kinder Morgan put out its expectations for the year ahead. At that time, the company thought it could generate $7.2 billion inearnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) and $4.46 billion of distributable cash flow, or $1.99 per share, which would be slightly less than last year. Driving the decline would be a combination of asset sales and lower oil prices, mostly offset by new projects entering service.
Image source: Getty Images.
On a more detailed level, Kinder Morgan assumed that earnings in its natural gas pipelines and carbon dioxide segments would both decline 4% year over year, partially offset by earnings increases of 1% in product pipelines, 4% at terminals, and 6% at Kinder Morgan Canada. That said, last year the company ran into some trouble early on, which caused it to miss full-year guidance. Given that history, investors should check to see if the company has run into problems at any of its segments again this year, which could cause results to fall short of guidance.
2. How recent transactions will affect its financial metrics
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
The reason it's important that Kinder Morgan stays on track is that it has big plans for the cash flow it expects to generate this year. The company intends to return about a quarter of it to investors via dividends, or roughly $1.1 billion, while initially planning to reinvest about $3.2 billion of it into growth projects, leaving it with around $150 million in excess for debt reduction. That forecast would put the company on pace to end the year with a debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio of 5.4.
However, to hit that target, Kinder Morgan needs to find a joint venture partner for its Trans Mountain Expansion project. While it hasn't announced a partner for that project just yet, the company did find a partner for a portion of its $1.3 billion Elba Liquefaction Project. That partner agreed to take a 49% stake in the project and would, therefore, reimburse Kinder Morgan for the $215 million it spent on that share of the project to date and commit to financing 49% of future capital costs. The partner also agreed to pay Kinder Morgan $170 million for the value it had created in developing the project thus far.
This transaction should have a noticeable impact on Kinder Morgan's financial plans for 2017 because it not only offloaded nearly half of its future capex liability on the project but was paid a premium on top of that. That's why investors should look to see if it puts the company on pace to reduce leverage below 5.4 times by the year's end.
Image source: Getty Images.
3. Clues on financing for the Trans Mountain Pipeline expansion
As I mentioned above, one of the keys to Kinder Morgan's 2017 plan is finding a partner for its Trans Mountain Pipeline expansion. Last month the company announced that it has finished the final cost estimate for the project, which will now cost 7.4 billion Canadian dollars ($5.56 billion), up from an initial estimate of CA$6.8 billion ($5.11 billion). While that increased cost estimate led some shippers to drop out of the project because of the associated increase in tariffs, the company quickly found takers for those volumes. Because of that, it remains committed to starting construction on the project later this fall.
That said, before the company moves forward with the project, it needs to arrange acceptable financing. It's currently exploring a range of options, including seeking joint venture partners as well as pursuing an IPO of the project or its entire Canadian asset base. Given the importance of finding a financing solution to this project, investors should look to see where the company is in the process.
When first proposed, the market thought this project was a slam dunk for approval. However, increased opposition to this and other oil pipeline projects might make it hard to partner on this project. One example of recent troubles was Energy Transfer Partners‘ (NYSE: ETP) Dakota Access Pipeline, which had a key permit needed to complete the project revoked even though it had nearly completed construction. While Energy Transfer Partners was eventually able to get the permit and finish the project, it continues to make headlines after two banks sold their shares of the pipeline'sloan due to pressure from those opposed to the project. This pressure might make other banks or partners reluctant to finance Kinder Morgan's project, which could limit its financing options.
Investor takeaway
Due to the relative stability of Kinder Morgan's business, it usually has pretty good visibility into future earnings. That said, investors should still take a closer look at its report to see if anything unexpected cropped up that could impact future results. Additionally, the other key thing to watch is its progress on partnering expansion projects, which is crucial to the company hitting its financial targets and possibly triggering an increase in cash heading back to shareholders.
10 stocks we like better than Kinder Morgan
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Kinder Morgan wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Matt DiLallo owns shares of Kinder Morgan and has the following options: short January 2018 $30 puts on Kinder Morgan and long January 2018 $30 calls on Kinder Morgan. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Kinder Morgan. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new way of raising funds to tackle homelessness and rough sleeping in Birmingham has been launched.
The Change Into Action campaign will allow generous Brummies and visitors to the city give to a single fund which will then be directed to those teams working on the city centre's streets.
It is a collaboration between the West Midlands Mayor, Birmingham City Council, social landlords like Midland Heart and charities like St Basils' and Sifa Fireside.
The aim is to shift support so it is directed into specialist charities and street teams already working to change the circumstances of rough sleepers.
It has been created as a result of the Homelessness Task Force set up by Mayor Andy Street and could be rolled out to other parts of the West Midlands in the New Year.
Chief executive Jean Templeton St Basils' charity for homeless young people and chair of the Mayor's Homelessness Task Force, said: “By working together across the region, across sectors and disciplines, we have the opportunity to tackle the systemic issues which contribute to homelessness and introduce ideas to prevent and design out homelessness.
“Change into Action provides the assurance that your donation will be targeted directly in a positive way to those who need it most.
“No one should feel that the streets are their best option.”
The new campaign will be promoted around the city and via social media.
Council ambassador for homelessness and tackling rough sleeping Sharon Thompson said: “Birmingham is an advocate of the multi-agency approach and has a strong history of working in partnership with charities and organisations to tackle homelessness.
“We welcome the collaborative approach between Birmingham City Council and the Combined Authority in developing and launching Change Into Action, which will direct the public's support through to our expert teams and target help for maximum impact.”
Mayor Andy Street, who leads the West Midlands Combined Authority, said: “Rough sleeping on our streets in Birmingham is completely unacceptable and shames us as a city.
“I have been committed to tackling this issue and the West Midlands Homelessness Task Force has brought together organisations from the public sector, the voluntary sector and businesses to ‘design out' homelessness in the region.
“Working together with Birmingham City Council, we have developed Change Into Action, a new way for people to give, and know that their donation will really make a difference to rough sleepers' lives.”
To find out more visit the Change into Action website .
Homelessness has doubled says charity
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A BIRMINGHAM day centre for the homeless has seen its workload doubled in the last five years as more an more vulnerable people arrive looking for help.
The SIFA Fireside charity in Digbeth deals with about 150 people a day helping them with a warm meal, showers, clothing and health services as well as help to find employment, training and housing.
It is celebrating its 10th anniversary at a time when its services are more in demand than ever.
Staff, volunteers and sponsors gathered to mark the anniversary with performances and stories from some of those helped by the charity over its ten years.
Chief executive Carly Jones said: “This is a hugely important erecognise the amazing contribution made by staff, volunteers and supporters who've helped transform the lives of people who are homeless and vulnerably housed in Birmingham.
“It's also an opportunity to keep the spotlight on the issue of homelessness, why it continues to affect so many particularly in Birmingham and the growing need for our service; how can we work together more effectively to resolve the issue? Five years ago we would see around 70-90 people daily, now we are seeing 140-160 people every day.”
The charity was formed in 2007 through a merger between the SIFA (Supporting Independence from Alcohol) and Fireside charities. Both charities had been running since 1980 before joining forces.
In Birmingham, homelessness rates are four times the national average. 55 rough sleepers were identified on a single night in November 2016 during the official count on the city's streets - it was a rise of 53 per cent on the previous year. Figures for the 2017 count are set to be revealed in January.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Republican Congressman Erik Paulsen is holding three town hall meetings Wednesday, following criticism for not holding in-person meetings before now.
He has previously held several telephone town hall meetings.
The first town hall was at Hamel Community Center Wednesday morning. His second was scheduled for 2 p.m. at the Chanhassen American Legion. And at 7 p.m., he'll hold his final one of the day at the Brooklyn Park Community Center.
The first town hall meeting, at Hamal, was packed; it was a small venue where participants had to get tickets beforehand that were checked at the door.
Paulsen, a Republican, represents Minnesotas 3rd Congressional district, which includes Twin Cities suburbs like Edina, Minnetonka, Maple Grove and Brooklyn Park. It is a district that went overwhelmingly for Hillary Clinton in 2016.
Paulsen was repeatedly questioned about his voting record, a record that is more conservative than many of the people in his district. WCCO's Esme Murphy reports Paulsen was laughed at as he defended President Donald Trump's tax bill.
A handful of protestors objected to the format of the event, which was announced over the weekend. One person WCCO spoke to said their request for tickets was not granted.
Paulsen faces first-time candidate Dean Phillips, a businessman and philanthropist. Paulsen currently has $2 million in cash in his campaign war chest. compared to Phillips' $600,000.
A West Point volunteer who has been a mentor to Askew and other cadets, said she'll hold her up as a role model for girls when she holds wor…
Pranav Mohanlal, the star kid is all set to make his debut in the lead role, with the upcoming movie Aadhi. The project, which is written and directed by Jeethu Joseph, had recently started rolling in Kochi.
Now, the second schedule of the highly anticipated project has begun. Lead actor Pranav Mohanlal, director Jeethu Joseph, and the rest of the cast and crew members are currently busy with the second schedule shooting in Bengaluru.
Pranav Mohanlal is reportedly appearing in the titular character Aadhi in the movie, which is an action thriller which comes in the lines of Jeethu Joseph Memories. The movie depicts the story of Aadhi, who in search of a serial killer.
Aadhi, which will not have a romantic track will feature Anusree, Alamara fame Adithi Ravi, and Lena, in the main female characters. According to director Jeethu, all the three actresses are playing equally important roles in the movie.
Siddique will appear in the role of Pranav's father. Satheesh Kurup is the director of photography. Anil Johnson composes the songs and background score. Ayoob Khan handles the editing. Aadhi is produced by Antony Perumbavoor, under the banner Aashirvad Cinemas.
Video
A Scottish fishery board says it has the first footage of Pacific pink salmon in a UK river.
Underwater cameras filmed the pair of salmon spawning in the River Ness near Inverness.
Chris Conway, of Ness Salmon Fishery Board, has said the situation will be monitored: "While the risks are unknown in terms of their interaction with Atlantic salmon and other Scottish fish, they are unlikely to have a positive impact."
Pacific pink salmon are usually found in Canada and Alaska, and have been seen in Norway.
On Being A Mother
The actress told the daily, "So you see, the day is fully packed. And mine is a 27-hour long day. My kids are very noisy, making me run around the house [all the time] and not letting me work. But, I've never known patience the way I have it today. I'm surprised and amazed. We've become kids with our kids."
Kashmira Loves Baby Talking
"We (actor Krushna Abhishek and she) used to find other parents irritating when they would do the baby talk or show their baby's pictures to everyone around them all the time. I'm one of those irritating parents now."
She Balances Work & Motherhood
"In fact, if anything, I want to work harder because I want my kids to know that their mum is a director, a fighter, a survivor! They should know that I have made a name in this industry with no backing. I want them to be proud of me and everything that I've done, so I am striving each day to do good roles and make better films."
Breaking The Stereotype
"Everywhere in TV and films, actors who become mothers, are treated differently. Suddenly, people will be like, ‘Oh, she's a mom, so she can't play a sex symbol role."
Kashmira Is Proud Of These Actresses
"But I feel that actors like Kareena Kapoor Khan and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan have changed this notion. [The late] Sridevi changed it years ago. So, I think slowly, the women of this industry are changing the norms and I'm proud to be one of them."
20 Great Gifts For Star Trek Fans Here are 20 Star Trek-themed gifts, each of which cost under $25, which are sure to make your Trekkie, Trekker or more casual Star Trek fan smile.
Best Ways To Celebrate Cinco De Mayo In MinnesotaCinco de Mayo, or the fifth of May, is a celebration of Mexican culture. And the festivities are lively throughout Minnesota! Here are some of the best ways to soak up the sights, sounds and delicious food and drink of Mexico on May 5th.
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Foran Mining Corporation (TSX VENTURE: FOM) ("Foran" or the "Company") reports that an early onset of spring break up has postponed the conclusion of the winter 2017 exploration program at Target A. Drill hole MR-17-09 was stopped short of the interpreted depth of the Target A electromagnetic (EM) conductor. Excessive melting and run-off degraded the drill set up and access road to the point that it was not safe to continue drilling. A borehole electromagnetic survey (BHEM) will be conducted to better ascertain the location and characteristics of the deep conductor. Foran will assess its options to extend this drill hole after spring thaw.
The winter drill program consisted of one deep drill hole focused on a large geophysical anomaly (Target A) identified by a ground based time-domain electromagnetic (TEM) geophysical survey conducted on the property in 2013 along strike from our flagship McIlvenna Bay Zn-Cu-Au-Ag deposit.
The Target A EM conductor suggests potential for a second large massive sulphide body 1500 metres to the southeast of the McIlvenna Bay deposit. The conductor associated with this TEM anomaly exhibits a strong late time response typical of those exhibited by massive sulphide deposits. Foran's Thunder Zone massive sulphide discovery was made by drilling into a similar strong late time response EM target.
Foran is finalizing plans for a summer drill program at its 100% owned Bigstone project. In 2015, an infill drill program completed at the historic Bigstone deposit confirmed the robust nature of this copper and zinc-rich resource. Drilling confirmed the historic results by intersecting broad widths of high grade copper mineralization which runs in excess of 3% copper over significant intervals in a number of the drill holes. The summer 2017 drill program is expected to consist of 7,000-8,000m of drilling. Drilling is expected to be completed with sufficient density to allow for the completion of a NI 43-101 compliant resource estimate for the deposit. The Bigstone deposit could ultimately provide high-grade satellite mill feed for an operation at McIlvenna Bay.
David Fleming, P.Geo., Vice-president, Exploration for Foran, and a qualified person within the meaning of National Instrument 43-101, has reviewed and approved the technical information in this release.
About Foran Mining
Foran is an exploration and development company focused on copper-zinc in the Hanson Lake VMS Camp of east-central Saskatchewan. The Hanson Lake VMS Camp is located in an area of excellent infrastructure, close to a major mining centre. In late 2014, Foran released a positive Preliminary Economic Assessment (PEA) for the McIlvenna Bay deposit, Foran's first deposit in the Hanson Lake VMS Camp, with an estimated pre-tax NPV 7% of $382M ($263M after-tax) & 22% IRR (19% after-tax). See below and Foran's news releases from November 12 and December 22, 2014 for important disclosures with respect to the McIlvenna Bay PEA.
The PEA is preliminary in nature and includes inferred mineral resources that are considered too speculative geologically to have the economic considerations applied to them that would enable them to be categorized as mineral reserves, and there is no certainty that the PEA will be realized. Foran's operations are in the development stage only and there is no actual mineral production. Without a formal independent feasibility study, there is no assurance that mineral production is feasible on an economic basis. Please refer to those risks set out in Foran's public documents filed on www.SEDAR.com.
Foran trades on the TSX.V under the symbol "FOM".
On behalf of the Board of Directors
Foran Mining Corporation
Patrick Soares
President & CEO
Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. No stock exchange, regulation services provider, securities commission or other regulatory authority has approved or disapproved the information contained in this news release.
Forward-Looking Statements
This News Release includes certain "forward-looking statements" which are not comprised of historical facts. Forward-looking statements include estimates and statements that describe the Company's future plans, objectives or goals, including words to the effect that the Company or management expects a stated condition or result to occur. Forward-looking statements may be identified by such terms as "believes", "anticipates", "expects", "estimates", "may", "could", "would", "if", "yet", "potential", "undetermined", "objective", or "plan". Since forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and address future events and conditions, by their very nature they involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Although these statements are based on information currently available to the Company, the Company provides no assurance that actual results will meet management's expectations. Risks, uncertainties and other factors involved with forward-looking information could cause actual events, results, performance, prospects and opportunities to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Forward looking information in this news release includes, but is not limited to, the Company's objectives, goals or future plans, statements, exploration results, potential mineralization, the estimation of mineral resources, exploration and mine development plans, timing of the commencement of operations and estimates of market conditions. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking information include, but are not limited to failure to identify mineral resources, failure to convert estimated mineral resources to reserves, the inability to complete a feasibility study which recommends a production decision, the preliminary nature of metallurgical test results, delays in obtaining or failures to obtain required governmental, environmental or other project approvals, political risks, inability to fulfill the duty to accommodate First Nations and other indigenous peoples, uncertainties relating to the availability and costs of financing needed in the future, changes in equity markets, inflation, changes in exchange rates, fluctuations in commodity prices, delays in the development of projects, capital and operating costs varying significantly from estimates and the other risks involved in the mineral exploration and development industry, and those risks set out in the Company's public documents filed on SEDAR. Although the Company believes that the assumptions and factors used in preparing the forward-looking information in this news release are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on such information, which only applies as of the date of this news release, and no assurance can be given that such events will occur in the disclosed time frames or at all. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, other than as required by law.
www.foranmining.com
Whether you think your company uses the information or not, self-evaluations are a necessary device for professional development. Here's how to make the most of the dreaded self-evaluation process.
Whether you're a manager or employee, reviews aren't a particularly popular subject; self-evaluations are particularly despised. It's hard to know how to highlight your achievements and accomplishments without sounding like a braggart, not to mention that it often seems companies file evaluations away and never use them to improve performance. But there are steps you can take to ensure your self-evaluations help to advance your own career and provide valuable feedback to your organization.
According to John Reed, from Robert Half Technology, companies with effective performance review processes use self-evaluations for two reasons: to ensure that employees set aside time to evaluate their performance; and to help managers get a sense of whether an employee has an accurate understanding of their impact in the workplace.
"The self-assessment is an essential part of performance evaluation because it's an opportunity for you to assess your own achievements. You own the performance appraisal. You should look across the past year and tell your manager what you've done and areas you'd like to focus on," says Michelle Roccia, executive vice president of Employee Engagement at WinterWyman.
[ Find out the 10 things you should do before, during and after a performance review — and how to get more. | Get weekly career tips by signing up for our CIO Leader newsletter. ]
Talk about your career map
The self-evaluation should not be focused solely on your job, according to Ford Myers, author of the book Get The Job You Want, Even When No One's Hiring. It should also be focused on your long-term career plan. "It's an opportunity for you to reflect on how you're doing in your career, not just your job," says Myers. Use it to think about where you are going long term and where you are in your career.
From an employee perspective, if there is not a career plan in place, or if there is one but it's not consistently followed, then “this is an opportunity to sit down with your manager and say, ‘Hey, this is what's really important in my career. I want to build these additional skills, I want to be certified, I want to be a manager, I want a raise... .' Then you need to map out a plan together and make sure you're in agreement. Doing this makes expectations very real and tangible," says Reed.
Keep an open dialogue
Mapping your accomplishments to business value is essential to a more meaningful self-assessment, especially if your company's performance reviews have a direct effect on wage increases or bonuses.
"Use [the self-assessment] as an opportunity to build your perceived value, distinguish yourself and show how strong your contributions are. This is a time to really leverage your accomplishments," says Myers. In a perfect world, the self-evaluation will open an ongoing dialogue where you can discuss with your supervisor your career path and performance as it relates to the business by asking, for example:
What are our biggest priorities right now?
Am I on track?
Is there anything you'd like me to focus on?
Where do you think I need to devote more time and energy?
How can I help make your job easier?
Having a dialogue like this makes the annual review and self-evaluation a mere formality. This is how it should be, according to Myers. "It's ideal to have ongoing conversations with your boss throughout the year. Keep the dialogue open; otherwise, you can get lost in the dust," says Myers.
Ask how self-evaluations are used
Approach your supervisor and ask how self-evaluations are used by the company. Are they tied to bonuses, promotions or rewards? Who will they be shared with? Knowing the answers will give you insight into the tone you should take and how much effort is required.
Ask yourself the hard questions
Experts agree that you should use this as an opportunity to do an impartial self-appraisal of your skillset. Start by honestly answering these questions:
What could I have done better this year?
What are my strengths?
What are my weaknesses and how can I improve on them?
Where can I take personal initiative and become a stronger employee who contributes more next year?
Stay positive
According to Myers, don't use your self-evaluation to bash your manager, your company or strategic direction, because this could come back to bite you later on. Employee remarks should be 90 percent positive comments and 10 percent what Myers refers to as "areas for development" comments. Use this 10 percent of the self-evaluation to explain your own plan to grow and develop in specific areas over the next year. Don't bash bosses, co-workers or vendors, instead focus on you, your accomplishments and your professional development, he says.
How to handle your shortcomings
"Try to do a balanced self-assessment," says Reed. We all have areas for improvement and he recommends beating your boss to the punch. "If you give yourself great marks in all areas, that tells me that you're not really thinking about how you can improve," says Reed.
Instead, Reed suggests calling out the areas where you think you fall short and using "developmental language" to explain that you really want to improve in these areas and how you are going to achieve that.
For example, Myers says, you could explain that over the past year you noticed your software skills needed some work in a particular environment, for example, in HTML5. Then, according to Myers, you could say something like, "My goal for this year is to take some advanced courses in HTML5 because we are using it more and more than our site evolves," he says.
Related video:
Frame any shortcomings not as problems or things you did wrong, but as areas for development and improvement. "They should always be approached as how you can make a stronger contribution to the company," says Myers. It should appear more like an area where you want to learn more, do better and contribute at a higher level than a negative mark on your report card.
Ask for training
Once you've outlined the areas where you'd like to grow, it's a good idea to demonstrate a plan for how to get there. Use this as an opportunity to ask for whatever type of training could help you contribute more, whether it's attending an SEO conference or taking a course on the newest version of SQL Server. Now is a good time to put in the request.
Document your achievements
Be specific. Cover the achievements you completed and be sure to include how and who it helped, as well as the impact on the business. Whether it's adding numbers to the bottom line or streamlining processes to create a better tech support workflow, using specifics makes sure everyone is on the same page and that you concisely tell the full story including the problem, the fix and the end results, instead of simply describing a deployment. "As long as you can tie it to tangible data points and facts, you can use it to your advantage," says Reed.
"This is really your chance to let your boss know all the good things that you've achieved. You can do that without braggadocio or tooting your own horn too loudly about the things you've done. As long as it's fact-based, there is nothing wrong with this," says Reed.
Myers agrees. "Be very, very specific," he says, and recommends keeping a ‘success file' or ‘achievement journal' throughout the year to write down all your contributions as bullet points throughout the month. At the end of the year, you'll have twelve documents to reference for your self-evaluation.
"I personally like the idea of sending this to your boss at the end of each month," says Myers, as it keeps your performance right in front of your manager or supervisor. He says he has seen people get raises and promotions based on this type of documentation. This way, says Myers, "they are ready to give you a raise or promotion, instead of wondering whether to give you a raise and/or promotion."
Differing points of view
But what happens if your self-assessment differs wildly from your manager's assessment of your performance? If the performance review and the self-assessment diverge significantly, according to Reed, this likely indicates that you and your manager are not meeting often enough and that a discussion needs to be had in order to sort out expectations from the employee and management positions.
"If I'm doing an annual review and we're off by this much, that tells me that we're not talking and putting in place corrective actions and adjustments throughout the course of the year," says Reed.
Ask for guidance, direction and mentoring
Believe it or not, there are businesses and managers out there who never offer feedback or performance reviews, even as employee satisfaction, engagement and morale become important business metrics and issues that affect the CIO. If your employer refuses to give any kind of feedback, Roccia says, you may want to question if you are in the right environment.
"Employees need feedback and need to know how they are doing. I've heard managers whose style is, 'If you're not hearing anything from me, you're doing a good job,' but I don't subscribe to that management style. In fact, I would send that manager to management training," says Roccia.
That said, you should try opening a dialogue with your boss to set up a schedule for continuous review and assessment. Myers advises that you get your boss onboard. "Try talking your boss into having meetings at least every month or so. Ask for guidance, direction and mentoring," says Myers. However, if he/she refuses to budge, the experts agree, it may be time to look for greener pastures.
The same goes when applying for jobs. "If you're applying for a job where the boss says, 'Forget it, that's a waste of time,' I suggest you go find another job. Who wants a boss who refuses to give feedback and guidance throughout the year?" says Myers.
Related articles
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
By DON BABWIN and JIM SALTER, Associated Press
James T. Hodgkinson, 66, wounded House Rep. Steve Scalise before he was fatally shot by police who had been guarding the House majority whip.
In the hours after the attack in Alexandria, Virginia, a picture began to emerge of an attacker with a mostly minor arrest record who worked as a home inspector and despised the Republican Party.
On Facebook, Hodgkinson was a member of a group called “Terminate the Republican Party,” a fact that seemed to take on new meaning in light of an account from South Carolina Rep. Jeff Duncan, who said that as he was preparing to leave the baseball field, a man politely asked him whether it was a Democrat or Republican team before quietly walking off.
Until recently, Hodgkinson ran a home-inspection business out of his house. His Facebook page shows that he was a fan of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, an independent who last year made an unsuccessful presidential bid. Sanders acknowledged Wednesday that Hodgkinson had apparently been among many volunteers on his 2016 campaign.
A search of online newspapers show that Hodgkinson frequently wrote letters to his hometown newspaper, the Belleville News-Democrat, which published nearly two dozen letters between 2010 and 2012, many of which included complaints about the same theme: income inequality.
Hodgkinson, who lived in the community just across the Mississippi River from St. Louis, compared the economic conditions of the time to those that preceded the Great Depression and excoriated Congress for not increasing the number of tax brackets and taking other tax reform measures.
On May 14, 2010, he wrote: “I don't envy the rich; I despise the way they have bought our politicians and twisted our laws to their benefit.”
Less than a year later, on March 4, 2011, he wrote that Congress should rewrite tax codes to ease the tax burdens of the middle class.
“Let's get back to the good ol' days, when our representatives had a backbone and a conscience,” he wrote.
Later that year, in October 2011, he applauded the Occupy Wall Street protesters in New York and Boston, writing that the demonstrators “are tired of our do-nothing Congress doing nothing while our country is going down the tubes.”
Hodgkinson also had arrests in his background for a series of minor offenses and at least one more serious offense. Court records show that his legal trouble started in the 1990s with arrests for resisting police and drunken driving. His most serious problems came in 2006, when he was arrested on a battery charge.
In April 2006, he was arrested on two counts of battery — one for striking a man in the face with a wood shotgun stock and another for punching a woman with his fist, as well as a count of unlawful damage to a motor vehicle for cutting the passenger seatbelt of the woman's car with a knife. According to the court clerk, the charges were dismissed in November of that year.
Though there are no other legal problems listed in St. Clair County, which includes Belleville, since 2011, Hodgkinson did come to the attention of local law enforcement as recently as March 24 of last year.
Bill Schaumleffel recalled that he heard loud shots being fired outside his house, which stands about 500 feet behind Hodgkinson's home. When he went outside, he saw Hodgkinson shooting a rifle into or on a cornfield. He was squeezing off five or six shots at a time and, according to the report of the incident, fired about 50 shots in all.
“I yelled, ‘Quit shooting toward the houses,'” he said.
When Hodgkinson refused to stop, Schaumleffel called the sheriff's department.
“I told the sheriff, ‘I don't know what's the matter with that guy, but he can't be shooting like that,'” he said.
St. Clair County Sheriff Rick Watson said Wednesday that Hodgkinson showed the deputy all required firearms licenses and documentation involving the high-powered hunting rifle, which he said he was simply using for target practice.
The deputy cautioned Hodgkinson about doing such shooting around homes, given that the rounds can travel up to a mile. No charges were filed.
“He said, ‘I understand,' and said he needed to take the gun to a range to shoot it, Watson said. “There was nothing we could arrest him for, and there was no indication he was mentally ill or going to harm anyone.
“The only thing I was concerned about was that it was such a high-powered gun, and that somebody could possibly get hurt. We try to make sure people are reasonable when doing this.”
Watson said the deputy on Wednesday recalled Hodgkinson as being “very cordial.”
Dale Walsh, 65, of Belleville, said he was a lifelong friend of Hodgkinson's. He said Hodgkinson spent most of his life building homes but in recent years turned to home inspections.
Walsh said Hodgkinson never talked politics with him and did not seem prone to violence. But he said he was a passionate person who occasionally got into fights.
“He was the type of person that if you challenged him, he wouldn't back off.”
____
Babwin reported from Chicago. Jim Suhr in Kansas City, Missouri; John O'Connor in Springfield; and Jake Pearson in Washington also contributed to this report.
Facebook shares tumbled Monday following reports that user data had been inappropriately obtained. Cambridge Analytica, whose clients included Donald Trump's presidential campaign, reportedly used the data of 50 million Facebook users without their permission.
Facebook Chief Information Security Officer Alex Stamos is reportedly leaving after disagreements over how the social media network should handle the spread of disinformation, the New York Times reported.
In a tweet, Stamos said he was still employed, but that his role had changed to "exploring emerging security risks and working on election security."
Stamos has been a strong advocate for disclosing Russian activity on Facebook.
The Times report said that Stamos's roles had been reassigned in December, but Facebook persuaded him to stay on until August. In a tweet, Reuters independently reported that Stamos would leave in August.
Facebook did not immediately return CNBC's request for comment.
An argument over a subway seat escalated and ended with a pit bull chomping down on a woman's shoe as a car full of passengers stepped in. Ray Villeda reports. (Published 23 minutes ago)
What to Know The MTA and NYPD are looking into a video showing a pit bull chomping on a woman's shoe as passengers yell at the owner to get it to let go
It happened on the no. 4 train on April 20, during a fight over a subway seat
The dog owner hopped off at Wall Street, and the victim appeared to be OK, witnesses say, but everyone was shaken
An argument over a subway seat escalated into a fistfight, and ended with a pit bull chomping down on a woman's shoe as a car full of passengers tried to help.
It was around 4 p.m. on the no. 4 train last Friday when the chaos broke out. Tahsyi King says he and his girlfriend Denise Leon watched as a confrontation quickly escalated.
"It just happened so fast," said King, who recorded the whole thing.
It started when the owner had his pit bull take a seat on the train. The dog bumped a young woman who was already seated.
Dog Attacks Woman on Subway
A fight on the no. 4 train last Friday, April 20, erupted with a pit bull chomping on a woman's shoe as passengers yell at the owner to get the dog to let go. (Published 2 hours ago)
"She was like, 'can you move your dog?'" said King.
"She's touching him, and the man is like, 'Don't touch my dog,'" said Leon. "So he puts him back on the chair."
The dispute heated up and turned physical: "She does it again, does it again. This is three times," said Leon. "The third time, he leans, punches her right on her face. She has seen it coming because she hit him back."
That's when the dog started grabbing at the young woman's shoe, biting it. The woman eventually took the sneaker off, and the crowd of straphangers is heard in the video shouting at the owner to stop the dog: "Get the dog off of her!" people scream.
"She tried to kick it, so thank God it was her sneaker it caught on to," said Leon.
The dog's owner simply pulls at the dog as he bites: "As he's pulling he's not telling the dog to let go, he's just pulling the dog."
Man Has Major Struggle Getting His Beers Up Subway Escalator
All he wanted to do was get his beers up the escalator on a trolley. It wasn't as easy as it seemed. (Published Wednesday, April 18, 2018)
One of the other subway riders is heard yelling at the owner, "You're not telling the dog to release!"
Leon said, "Everyone was trying to get him to let go, everyone."
When the pit bull finally released, the woman "took her shoe off, and [the dog's owner] threw it at her, and you can see all the other men are like, 'Really?'"
The dog owner promptly jumped off at Wall Street, leaving behind an angry crowd of New Yorkers. Leon and King say they're proud of how everyone came together to help.
"Because sometimes we don't stick up but that was a moment where everyone stuck up for her," said Leon.
The MTA says non-service animals should be contained on the subway, and the video has been flagged for the NYPD. Witnesses say the passenger who was bitten appeared to be OK.
Trash on Subway Escalator Nearly Causes Human Pile-Up
Bags of plastic bottles suddenly split open on the escalator at Jay Street-MetroTech station in Brooklyn Friday morning, nearly causing a human pile-up. Video by John Becker. (Published Friday, April 20, 2018)
Photo: Kai Z. Feng
The 24K Magic World Tour will continue on!
Bruno Mars confirmed today's earlier tease by announcing the cities he'll be stopping in with special guest Cardi B.
Related: Bruno Mars Teases Tour With Cardi B
The ‘finale' run for the 11-time GRAMMY winner will include visits to Boston, Brooklyn, Dallas, Denver, Detroit, Los Angeles, Nashville, Newark, Philadelphia, St. Paul, Toronto, and Tulsa. Dates and venues to be announced soon.
Tickets for the dates are set to go on-sale February 16th.
Primark has withdrawn a Christmas candle from shelves after a photo appearing to show one of the candles burning uncontrollably was shared on social media.
The picture was posted by Jenny Ferneyhough on Facebook and had been shared more than 325,000 times at the time pf publishing.
"This is a candle I bought in Primark Manchester for £5 on Saturday," said Jenny.
"I am concerned that it poses a risk to the safety of anyone who owns one, and I have emailed Primark suggesting they recall them.
"In the meantime, I would be grateful if we could spread the word so that no one is put at risk by this."
Primark responded by removing the candle from its stores and said they had launched an investigation.
"We take the safety of our customers and quality of our products very seriously," said a spokesperson.
"We are removing the product from sale while we investigate this complaint as a matter of urgency."
By Reporter staff
Marijuana's inconvenient truth
When Gov. Peter Shumlin signed into law H.200, I applauded. The late Sen. Sally Fox co-sponsored that bill to decriminalized marijuana possession. Her main objective was to eliminate the unjust penalties that result from a conviction. People who had that conviction could not obtain the required state license to become barbers, hairdressers, house appraisers, etc. She championed many a bill that dealt with addiction and mental health issues, and I can tell you she would have voted against the marijuana legalization bill. There is legislative precedent to guide the process which parallels an act that started to eliminate the philosophical exemption for vaccination in recent years. I'm afraid the same incremental legislative creep will find its way to THC edibles.
There aren't many policies that affect Vermonters as much as bills that enforce mandates or make substances so readily available for consumption as vaccines or marijuana. The pivotal pro-vaccine argument that swayed most legislators was immune-compromised children would be at risk if no herd immunity was acquired. The numerous legislators I contacted evoked the narrative of the greater good to protect the “vulnerable few” and passed essential mandatory vaccination reform.
How does marijuana legalization stand the test of “the greater good?” Yes, marijuana does help some medical conditions and this is why Vermont passed bill S.14 to support its use in that venue. But now shouldn't the legislature vote to do no harm to a brain that is not fully formed until our late twenties?
I say, with all due respect, some in the legislature think the greater good is served by funding healthcare and other essential programs through the tax revenues from marijuana legalization. Please tell me that our future children's minds are not for sale. For the unfortunate few that acquire a serious mental illness, doctors in our ER are seeing marijuana use as being the triggering factor, along with other environmental stressors of young adulthood.
The science behind chemical threshold safety limits for substances is predicated upon how much a person can absorb in a given timeframe without suffering permanent damage. Until this threshold is met, the body can repair itself. Above that limit, repair is compromised. It is proven with identical twins that genetics is not the reason for psychotic breaks that lead to mental illness. It is the cumulative environmental insults that influence the expression of one's genes that do. Once these epigenetic changes take place they are prone to replicate themselves. That's why severe mental illness doesn't go away and can then be passed on to subsequent generations.
The inconvenient truth is why shouldn't a person who is unknowingly susceptible to marijuana psychosis be protected as much as an immune compromised individual who is at risk from a non-vaccinated population? The fact is the most young adults will partake in THC products if made available, especially when gotten from a governmental certified source. The problem is certified sources don't remove the risk for the “vulnerable few.”
Ron Coppola
Essex Town
Please refresh this page in your browser to reload this live event video
The Live Event you are trying to watch is either unavailable or has not started Please refresh this page in your browser to reload this live event video
Protests are planned at Birmingham's New Street rail station today as commuters face a big hike in ticket prices as fare rises come into force across the UK.
The increases have been described by public transport campaigners as “another kick in the teeth” for passengers.
Demos arranged by the trade union-backed Action for Rail will take place at more than 100 stations throughout the day, including in London, Birmingham, Manchester, Glasgow, Cardiff, Bristol, Exeter and Norwich.
The average rise of 2.3% came into force on January 2, although the figure varies between operators, with fares on Virgin Trains East Coast services up by 4.9%.
Labour Party analysis of ticket costs found that the average commuter is handing over £594 more for a season ticket than when the Conservatives came to power.
The party looked at prices on nearly 200 routes and found that some commuters are paying over £2,000 more to travel to work than in 2010.
It found the highest increase was a season ticket on Virgin Trains between Birmingham and London Euston, which will cost passengers £2,172 more in 2017 than 2010.
An annual ticket between Tame Bridge Parkway, near Walsall, and Nuneaton will be 43% higher, according to Labour.
A 12 month season ticket from Birmingham to Gloucester was £3,896 in January 2016 but is now £3,968. This works out as an increase of £72 and 1.8%.
The overall rise is the highest since January 2014, when fares increased by 2.8%.
Lianna Etkind, of the Campaign for Better Transport, said: “Today's fare rises are another kick in the teeth for long-suffering rail passengers.
“Many experienced a less frequent and more overcrowded service last year, and now they are required to pay more for the same this year. The whole fares system is completely unfair and its high time the Government overhauled it.”
Bruce Williamson, of independent campaign group Railfuture, said: “Our walk-on rail fares are already the most eye-watering in Europe, and with fuel duty frozen for motorists for the fifth year on the trot, it can't be denied that people are being priced off the railways.”
According to the Rail Delivery Group (RDG), which represents train operators, around 97p in every pound paid by passengers goes back into running and improving services.
RDG chief executive Paul Plummer said: “Nobody wants to pay more to travel to work and at the moment in some places people aren't getting the service they are paying for.
“However, increases to season tickets are set by government. Money from fares is helping to sustain investment in the longer, newer trains and more punctual journeys that passengers want.”
Aaron Hernandez's downfall would be unbelievable if it wasn't true: author James Patterson's genre-spanning novels have sold millions of copies worldwide and even spawned the CBS drama series “Zoo.” But it's his newest book, a work of non-fiction, that's taking him...
The world of 'The Handmaid's Tale' is scarily contemporary The Handmaid's Tale Wednesday, 3 p.m., Hulu Women have no rights in the land of Gilead, the dystopian state seen in “The Handmaid's Tale,” a new series based on Margaret...
Dick Wolf looks at NYC's late-night party people in Showtime docuseries '3AM' TV titan Dick Wolf has a lot to talk about — including his new Showtime series, “3AM,” and the upcoming (June 16) publication of his third Jeremy Fisk novel, “The...
‘48 Hours' to cover 'Ivy League killer' The “Ivy League killer” gets the “48 Hours” treatment when Saturday's episode takes on the case of Jason Bohn, a Columbia-educated lawyer who beat to death his live-in girlfriend Danielle...
CBS to air recording of Weight Watchers exec's final minutes CBS' “48 Hours” this weekend will air parts of a haunting voicemail recorded during the last minutes of a young woman's life as she was murdered, although the victim's mother...
48 Hours stays on top of the case Chalk one up for being in the right place at the right time. “48 Hours” correspondent Erin Moriarty was in Missouri Tuesday with the parents of Ryan Ferguson — just...
British Cybersecurity Agency Warns Against Kaspersky
Britain's cybersecurity agency has told government departments not to use antivirus software from Moscow-based firm Kaspersky Lab amid concerns about Russian snooping.
Ciaran Martin, head of the National Cyber Security Centre, said "Russia is acting against the U.K.'s national interest in cyberspace."
In a letter dated Friday to civil service chiefs, he said Russia seeks "to target U.K. central government and the U.K.'s critical national infrastructure." He advised that "a Russia-based provider should never be used" for systems that deal with issues related to national security.
The agency said it's not advising the public at large against using Kaspersky's popular antivirus products.
Martin says British authorities are holding talks with Kaspersky about developing checks to prevent the "transfer of U.K. data to the Russian state."
Kaspersky has denied wrongdoing and says it doesn't assist Russian cyberespionage efforts.
In September, the U.S. government barred federal agencies from using Kaspersky products because of concerns about the company's ties to the Kremlin and Russian spy operations.
News reports have since linked Kaspersky software to an alleged theft of cybersecurity information from the U.S. National Security Agency.
Britain has issued increasingly strong warnings about Russia's online activity. Martin said last month that Russian hackers had targeted the U.K.'s media, telecommunications and energy sectors in the past year.
U.S. authorities are investigating alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election, and some British lawmakers have called for a similar probe into the U.K.'s European Union membership referendum.
Prime Minister Theresa May said last month that Russia was "weaponizing information" and meddling in elections to undermine the international order.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Kaspersky Labs.
The EPA is improving access to the Water Discharge Monitoring Report (DMR) Pollutant Loading Tool; the tool allows users to determine who is discharging water pollutant, what (and how much) pollutants they are discharging, and where they are discharging.
The new Pollutant Loading Tool can now be accessed on the Enforcement and Compliance History Online (ECHO) website. The water pollutant tool calculates pollutant loadings from permit and DMR data and offers a variety of ways to customize searches. Pollutant loadings are presented as pounds per year and as toxic-weighted pounds per year to account for variations in toxicity among pollutants.
The tool also ranks dischargers, industries, and watersheds based on pollutant mass and toxicity, and presents “top ten” lists to help you determine which discharges are important, which facilities and industries are producing these discharges, and which watersheds are impacted.
The tool also includes wastewater pollutant discharge data from EPA's Toxics Release Inventory (TRI). Data are available for the years 2007 to the most recent reporting year. Users can search TRI data to find the facilities with the largest water pollutant discharges to surface waters or sewage treatment plants (a.k.a. Publicly Owned Treatment Works or “POTWs”). Users can also compare the DMR data search results against TRI data search results and vice versa. The tool clearly labels the source of data when displaying search results.
The ECHO version of the Loading Tool has a similar look and feel as the current Loading Tool website, which will be retired in late November 2017, with some usability improvements, the EPA says.
SALT LAKE CITY, UT--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Sack Lunch Productions, Inc. ( OTC PINK : SAKL) is pleased to announce that its revenues for 2016 showed significant improvement over 2015. Gross revenues on an unaudited basis are coming in at $14.8M for the period ended December 31, 2016 compared to $10.5M for the comparable period in 2015, an increase of $4.3M or 41%.
To gain some additional perspective on year over year revenues, gross revenues for the year ended December 31, 2014 came in at $4.3M, compared to $10.5M for the same period in 2015, an increase of $6.2M or 144%.
CEO Richard Surber noted, "Our top line revenues of $14.8M reported for December 31, 2016, have increased over 244% since the year ended December 31, 2014. I expect to see further improvements in 2017 as a result of focusing on larger venues that have higher participant capacities. In addition, we expect to drive participation levels through retooling our marketing strategy in 2017. Initial results of our marketing efforts are encouraging."
Investors should note that the above revenue results are unaudited for 2016 and will be subject to audit adjustments upon completion of our audit which we expect to be completed in 2017. We have completed our audits for 2014 and 2015 as well as retained our auditors for 2016. SAKL expects to file its annual report with OTC Markets before the end of April. A Form 10 registration statement which would include the 2016 audited financial statements is projected to be filed before the end of June 30, 2017.
Please visit our websites to find the next event in your area: www.slidethecity.com, www.thelanternfest.com, http://www.thedirtydash.com, www.trikeriot.com and www.colormerad.com .
About Sack Lunch Productions, Inc.:
Sack Lunch Productions, Inc. ( OTC PINK : SAKL) is an entertainment company that operates and franchises action oriented events in the U.S. and internationally. SAKL's events include: Slide the City (1,000 foot long water slide for families and kids), Color Me Rad (5k color race), The Dirty Dash (mud and obstacle run), The Lantern Fest (nighttime party with lantern lighting and launch) and Trike Riot. Learn more about SAKL's operations at www.sacklunchproductions.com, www.slidethecity.com, www.thelanternfest.com, www.thedirtydash.com, www.colormerad.com, www.trikeriot.com and www.green-endeavors.com.
SAKL strongly encourages the public to read the above information in conjunction with the complete December 31, 2015 report filed at www.otcmarkets.com. The actual results that SAKL may achieve could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties. The financial results are unaudited and will be subject to adjustments upon completion of the audit for the years ended December 31, 2016. Investors should not invest more than they can afford to lose.
PRESCOTT, Wis. (WCCO) — It's always nice when people remember your birthday. Especially when they do it with a surprise.
Take a look at what happened at a school in Prescott, Wis., Monday afternoon. Harlem Globetrotters star Zeus McClurkin delivered a belated birthday gift to 10-year-old Ethan Kranig.
He's a student at Malone Intermediate School in Prescott. The surprise visit meant a lot to Ethan, who has a rare disease and a history of being bullied.
In a way that only the Harlem Globetrotters can do, Zeus McClurkin explained the ABCs of preventing bullying.
Bullying is something that 10-year-old Ethan Kranig knows quite a bit about. He has a rare genetic condition that can cause missing fingers and toes, a cleft lip and growth problems. Ethan has also lost much of his eyesight.
His mother, Natalie Kranig, says they recently resolved a bullying issue.
“The kid was calling Ethan a name and that really hurt him. He came home crying. We talked to the teachers about it. The kid wrote an apology. Ethan came home and said you know what, that kid wrote an apology and I forgive him Mom,” Natalie said.
Wyatt Kranig is Ethan's big brother.
“It kinda hurts me. You know he's a unique kid. Once you really get to know the guy, he's amazing,” Wyatt said.
Last summer, Ethan's parents took him to see the ocean for the first time. A foundation arranged for Ethan to become an honorary lifeguard during his visit to the New Jersey shore, and an honorary police officer with the Wildwood Police Department.
The Globetrotters heard about Ethan and decided to pay him a visit in his hometown of Prescott.
This was a belated birthday surprise for Ethan. His actual birthday is Feb. 21. His gifts Monday included tickets to see the Harlem Globetrotters show at Target Center on Saturday, March 31.
To help Ethan keep his vision, visit his YouCaring page.
Pakistan's parliament Tuesday called for a reform of controversial blasphemy laws which prescribe the death penalty for insulting Islam, after a university student was killed by a mob on April 14.
The post Pakistani MPs Call For Blasphemy Laws Reform appeared first on PM NEWS Nigeria.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
The best story of Giants camps is sticking around after all The Giants signed eight players to their practice squad Sunday, and every one of them was cut by the team in the past two days. Including in the signings is...
Is this the hairy future of Giants offensive tackles? Two long-haired youngsters hoping to stick on the Giants' roster might resemble members of a hard rock band, other than the sheer size of their bodies, which are far more...
Ben McAdoo wants these Giants fights to stop now Justin Pugh, in his fifth training camp with the Giants, has some friendly advice for offensive line-mate Adam Bisnowaty, a rookie involved in a few altercations during what devolved into...
Giants' Jewish rookie lineman gets late-night kosher snacks Adam Bisnowaty will have some kosher late-night snacks to munch on during training camp and share with his fellow offensive linemen, courtesy of Manischewitz. That famous purveyor of kosher products...
Meet the Giant who wears his Judaism on (and under) his sleeve Players arriving at training camp with tattoos attract little notice, as those without body art adorning their skin often seem to be in the minority. The simple three-word inking Adam...
The Giants' weak link is sick of the bad rap Giants offensive coordinator Mike Sullivan raved about the team's options on offense and all the possibilities having so many weapons can create for quarterback Eli Manning. Sullivan talked about the...
Giants can now begin to learn if O-line problem cured itself The start of the Organized Team Activity practices ushers in the start of Phase 3 of offseason workouts for the Giants. Teams are allowed to have the players in the...
Jerry Reese: Why Giants neglected biggest weakness in draft You may not like the plan the Giants are putting together with their offensive line, but general manager Jerry Reese insists there is a plan, rather than the ignorance-is-bliss fear many...
Industry leaders like Red Hat continue to join OpenPOWER pushing membership to over 300 companies
SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - On the wave of strong momentum around machine learning and AI in 2017, the OpenPOWER Foundation will put these innovative technologies center stage at the upcoming OpenPOWER Foundation Developer Congress, May 22-25, at the Palace Hotel in San Francisco. The conference will focus on continuing to foster the collaboration within the foundation to satisfy the performance demands of today's computing market.
Developers will have the opportunity to learn and gain first-hand insights from the creators of some of the most advanced technology currently driving Deep Learning, AI and Machine Learning. Key themes will include:
Deep Learning, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence through GPU Acceleration and OpenACC. Learn the latest techniques on how to design, train and deploy neural network-powered machine learning in your applications.
Deploy a fully optimized and supported platform for machine learning with IBM's PowerAI that supports the most popular machine learning frameworks -- Anaconda, Caffe, Chainer, TensorFlow and Theano.
Custom Acceleration for AI through FPGAs
Databases & Data Analytics
Porting, Optimization, Developer Tools and Techniques
Firmware & OpenBMC
The Developer Congress is supported by the newly formed OpenPOWER Machine Learning Work Group (OPMLWG), an addition to the OpenPOWER Foundation community. The new group -- which includes Canonical, Cineca, Google and Mellanox, among others -- provides a forum for collaboration that will help define frameworks for the productive development and deployment of machine learning solutions using the IBM POWER architecture and OpenPOWER ecosystem technology.
As part of the ecosystem, the OPMLWG plays a crucial role in expanding the OpenPOWER mission. It focuses on addressing the challenges machine learning project developers are continuously facing by identifying use cases, defining requirements and extracting workflows, to better understand processes with similar needs and pain points. The working group will also identify and develop technologies for the effective execution on machine learning applications by enabling hardware (HW), software (SW) and acceleration across the OpenPOWER ecosystem.
The OPMLWG group and Developer Congress come soon after the OpenPOWER Foundation surpassed a 300-member milestone, with large players joining the fold that have developed new processes and technologies based on the OpenPOWER architecture. Some recent additions include:
Red Hat, which joined as a Platinum member and part of the board, adding open source leadership and expertise around community driven software innovation
Kinetica, offers a high-performance analytics database that harnesses the power of GPUs for unprecedented performance to ingest, explore and visualize data in motion and at rest
Bitfusion, leaders in end to end application lifecycle management and developer automation for deep learning, AI and GPUs.
MapD Technologies, which offers a fast database and visual analytics platform that leverages the parallel processing power of GPUs
"Open standards are a critical component of modern enterprise IT, and for OpenPOWER having a common set of guidelines for integration, implementation and enhanced IT security are key," said Scott Herold, senior manager, Multi-Architecture product strategy Red Hat. "Red Hat is a strong proponent of open standards across the technology stack and we are pleased to work with the OpenPOWER Foundation's various work groups in driving these standards to further enterprise choice as it relates to computing architecture."
All OpenPOWER Members can join and work on:
Collection and description of use cases
Porting, tuning and optimization of important Open Source Library / Frameworks
Creating a ML/DL Sandbox for quick start, including example use cases, data sets and tools
Recommending platform features for machine learning
"OpenPOWER was founded with the goal of granting the marketplace more technology choice and the ability to rethink the approach to data centers. Today, we see the growing application of machine-learning and cognitive technology, the OpenPOWER foundation is actively supporting technical initiatives and solution development in these areas to help drive innovation and industry growth," said John Zannos, Chairman of The OpenPOWER Foundation. "The Machine Learning Work Group will focus on addressing this need for innovation, allowing technology developers and users to collaborate as they search for the solutions to the computational challenges being posed by machine learning and artificial intelligence."
About The OpenPOWER Foundation
OpenPOWER Foundation was founded in 2013 as an open technical membership organization enabling data centers to rethink their approach to technology. Member companies are empowered to customize POWER CPU processors and system platforms for optimization and innovation for their business needs. At the heart of the efforts, are member offerings and solutions that can further OpenPOWER adoption, developer community engagement and a continuous effort to foster innovation in and outside the data center.
OpenPOWER members are actively pursuing innovation and all are welcome to join in moving the state of the art of OpenPOWER systems design forward. Learn more through the OpenPOWER Intro Video and read more about OpenPOWER Ready products here.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A Kansas City woman opened her door to a teenager asking to use her phone, and moments later she was calling for help.
Police are still searching for the suspect who committed the armed robbery at 57th and Ward Parkway. Just before 7 p.m. on Sunday, police were called to the area on a reported armed residential robbery.
“A young person came to our house, and asked to use our phone, I was away on a business trip, my wife was there, she offered her phone to this young person. He made a call, nobody answered the call on the other end, he asked for a ride home,” Phil Glynn, the victim's husband, recounted.
Glynn said his wife Elizabeth went outside to bring her children inside when she saw a younger looking black male jump the fence on the southwest side of her home. He asked if he could use a phone to call his mom. She asked for his name and the number he needed her to call, but there was no answer when she called the number he provided.
He then told her he needed a ride to East 34th Street and Montgall.
“My wife offered him a ride home, and she had our children go to a neighbor`s house, so that she could help this young person,” added Glynn.
She invited him inside due to the fact she believed he was a lost juvenile. When they were inside, the teen lifted his shirt and showed his black handgun.
“When the children were out of the house, this young person made her aware that he had a weapon, and the situation quickly moved to -- he took her cell phone and her car and he left,” Glynn said.
She asked the teen to leave. She took the key to the vehicle off the key ring and gave it to him. He got into her Toyota Highlander and drove off.
“My wife is a very brave woman, has great presence of mind, is always very much in control of her emotions. It was a scary situation, but she was fine,” Glynn said, “I`m just very relieved that nobody in my family was harmed, that`s the most important thing to me, we don`t know what the future holds, but I just hope that this person is able to get the help and support that he needs.”
Glynn said police have located their SUV, but not the suspect. If you have any information that will lead to an arrest, call police or the TIPS Hotline at (816) 474-TIPS.
When Aaron Bieber bought a pickup, he raised a few eyebrows.
"I'm a software engineering manager who works in Boston, I ride the train every day, and I go buy a pickup truck," he said. "And my whole family is surprised about it."
But Bieber, who bought a 2011 Nissan Frontier from a CarMax dealership, is not alone.
American families and workers are piling into pickups at a feverish rate, and automakers are responding with innovations and comfortable design packages that translate directly into profits.
The current Ranger that Ford sells in many international markets is well-regarded for its off-road ability. Expect the new U.S. Ranger to be a revamped version of this one.
Ford Motor Company
At the North American International Auto Show earlier this year, General Motors, Ford Motor and Fiat Chrysler all showed off new pickups:
•Ram 1500: Fiat Chrysler is introducing a new version that is nearly 225 pounds lighter and more aerodynamic for better fuel economy yet capable of handling higher payloads.
•Ford Ranger. The midsize pickup returns to the Ford lineup for the first time since it was discontinued in 2011. It will come with a turbocharged engine option and 10-speed transmission. Unlike the F-150 full-size truck, Ranger will be aimed at "a little more of an urban customer" who may use it for weekend fun, said Raj Nair, Ford's president for North America.
•Chevrolet Silverado. The 2019 version of the truck was unveiled at a splashy event by GM. It will come in eight different versions for different kinds of pickup buyers.
More: The latest from the 2018 Detroit Auto Show
The trio of new pickups underscores the industry's heavy reliance on tried-and-true models that continue to pay the bills, enabling companies to invest in futuristic but costly self-driving technology and advanced electric vehicles.
What's hot at the 2018 Detroit Auto Show The new 2019 Chevrolet Silverado is one of the most anticipated new vehicles to be shown. So far, Chevy has released a couple photos of it, but hasn't disclosed key details. 01 / 10 The new 2019 Chevrolet Silverado is one of the most anticipated new vehicles to be shown. So far, Chevy has released a couple photos of it, but hasn't disclosed key details. 01 / 10
Sales still rising
Americans can't get enough. U.S. pickup sales rose 4.8% in 2017 to 2.69 million, according to Kelley Blue Book, resisting the overall industry's 1.8% decline after a record overall 2016.
More: 12 must-see cars, trucks and SUVs coming to Detroit's Auto Show
More: Is a new Ford Mustang Bullitt GT coming to the Detroit auto show?
They are being snapped up by buyers like Bieber, who said he drove a BMW coupe when he was "a young dotcom guy and single."
But those days are over. After getting married, having a baby and moving to the Boston suburbs, he needed something with the practicality of a hatchback he owned recently.
"I got a lot of utility out of the extra space, and I thought, 'Why stop there?' " Bieber said.
He soon found himself diving into online automotive research, absorbing the ins and outs of crew cabs, bed styles and interior creature comforts.
"One thing that surprised me is the huge range of price," he said. "You can spend an awful lot on a pickup truck."
That you can. For example, the average sale price of Ford's F-series pickup — the most popular model in the U.S. — hit a record $47,800 in December, Ford U.S. sales chief Mark LaNeve said.
Pickup prices have soared in part because buyers want their vehicles outfitted with the same types of features as high-end sedans and crossovers, such as soundproofing and a slick interior.
"I remember testing the Chevy Silverado, and I was towing an empty horse trailer and I couldn't hear the rattle," Kelley Blue Book analyst Rebecca Lindland said. "It was amazing."
Automakers have also responded with luxury variants of their bread-and-butter pickups, including GM's GMC Sierra Denali, Ford's F-150 King Ranch and Fiat Chrysler's Ram Limited Tungsten.
And for good reason: Automakers need pickups to pay the bills. The F-series, for example, is widely understood to deliver the lion's share of Ford's profits in a given year.
The average GM pickup truck was raking in a profit of about $11,000 in 2016, according to Citigroup analyst Itay Michaeli, while the average GM SUV or crossover was turning a profit of $500 to $1,000. The average passenger car was losing a few hundred dollars.
It's just not just a sandbox for the Detroit Big 3 automakers. Foreign brands are grabbing a piece of the pie, as well.
Toyota's full-size Tundra and midsize Tacoma pickups have the most loyal following in the business, according to CarGurus. Nissan is likely to redesign the Frontier soon. And Honda's new Ridgeline won the 2017 North American Truck of the Year Award.
Even Silicon Valley automaker Tesla, known for its ultraluxury electric vehicles, is set to get into the mix. CEO Elon Musk recently reiterated that he's "dying to build it."
"I promise that we will make a pickup truck," he pledged in a tweet last month, saying he has "had the core design/engineering elements in my mind for almost 5 years."
Midsize boom
GM's introduction of midsize pickups, the Chevy Colorado and GMC Canyon, several years ago proved to be savvy timing, putting to rest any fears they would swipe market share away from full-size pickups. Ford is now playing catch-up with its plans to resuscitate the Ranger.
Sandor Piszar, director of Chevy truck marketing, said buyers of midsize trucks are different from buyers of full-size pickups.
“The person buying a midsize isn't settling because they can't afford a full size,” Piszar said. “They are usually a little more urban, a little younger — looking for something that works 9 to 5 and something that enables the lifestyle on the weekend.”
Midsize trucks have become part of “work and recreation,” Ford truck marketing manager Brian Bell said. Owners “work all week, then use this truck to go out where they go climbing and hiking.”
Pickup tradition
Despite the influx of lifestyle buyers, the American tradition of towing, hauling and offroading with a gritty full-size pickup is going strong.
One factor currently driving pickup sales is the flourishing economy. With the housing sector in good shape, the job market at essentially full employment and interest rates still relatively low, the mix is right for strong pickup sales.
About 40% of pickup truck owners say they are “not at all likely” to switch brands with their next purchase, according to CarGurus.
“Whether there are ups or downs in the economy, you can count on the core group of buyer who needs to have a pickup truck,” Piszar said.
Follow USA TODAY reporter Nathan Bomey and Chris Woodyard on Twitter @NathanBomey.and @ChrisWoodyard
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
DENTON, Texas — Roosevelt Smart had 28 points and DJ Draper scored 10 of his 12 points in the final five minutes to help North Texas rally for a 74-70 win over Rice on Saturday.
Allante Holston scored 13 points on 5-of-7 shooting for North Texas (13-10, 6-4 Conference USA), which has won three in a row.
Connor Cashaw's 3-pointer gave Rice (5-18, 2-8) a 56-47 lead with 8 1/2 minutes to play, but the Mean Green scored 13 of the next 17 points, tying it on a Draper 3. Draper made a layup and a 3-pointer and Smart made a pair of free throws for a 71-67 lead with 1:11 left. Bishop Mency hit a 3 for Rice but the Owls had two turnovers while North Texas was 3 of 4 from the foul line.
Cashaw had 18 points and eight rebounds, and Mercy scored 17, for Rice, which had 18 turnovers that cost 22 points.
Sunday indeed turned out to be a glittery affair! A bevy of Bollywood beauties turned up at the Lux Golden Rose Awards 2017 held in Mumbai last night.
Shahrukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Katrina Kaif, Alia Bhatt... you name the Bollywood bigwigs and they were there! It was a night to remember, for sure! A couple of B-town actresses performed at the event and of course, there had to be felicitation!
We bring you all the hottest looks from the event along with the winners list. Scroll down to read more...
Deepika Padukone The actress chose a metallic gold dress with puffy sleeves for the evening. Katrina Kaif Kat looked stunning in a a Reem Acra off-shoulder gown for her with sequins all over the top. Kareena Kapoor Khan Bebo can never go wrong when it comes to dazzling red carpet looks! Alia Bhatt A bright red dress for the damsel! Madhuri Dixit Nene Mads made us go 'dhak-dhak' with that black dress with a thigh high slit. Sridevi The diva looks straight out of a fairy tale here! Juhi Chawla She's still gotta' charm. Jacqueline Fernandez The leggy lass chose to go traditional in a Tarun Tahiliani cream saree. Bhumi Pednekar She pulls off the satin maroon dress so flawlessly! Taapsee Pannu Jacqueline's 'Judwaa 2' co-star decided to give her some company. Mouni Roy Uff...we just can't take our ways off her! Lovely Ladies Pooja Hegde, Yami Gautam, Urvashi Rautela, Diana Penty and Zareen Khan too made their presence felt. Pooja Hegde She looked a vision in white! Sushant Singh Rajput And Kartik Aaryan Men in Black! A Dapper SRK We never need to find reasons to love this man!
Meanwhile, here's the list who won it big last night...
Charismatic Beauty of the Year: Katrina Kaif
Emerging Beauty of the Year: Zaira Wasim
Power-Packed Beauty of the Year: Sridevi
Breakthrough Beauty: Tapsee Pannu and Bhumi Pednekar
Timeless Beauty: Madhuri Dixit
Versatile Beauty of the Year: Alia Bhatt
Legendary Beauty: Juhi Chawla
Unstoppable Beauty of the Year: Deepika Padukone
#IAmMoreThanYouCanSee Award: Kareena Kapoor
EAST BRIDGEWATER, Mass. (AP) - Two sisters tied down and burned a 5-year-old girl, permanently disfiguring her, in a voodoo ritual meant to rid her of a demon causing her to misbehave, police said. The women also threatened to cut off the head of the girl's 8-year-old brother with a machete, authorities said.
The boy said his sister was tied down on at least two occasions while the sisters blew fire over her face and cut her on the arm and in the collar area with a needle-like object, drawing blood, according to police. The girl said the women also poured over her eyes a substance that stung.
Peggy LaBossiere, 51, and Rachel Hilaire, 40, of East Bridgewater, denied injuring the girl and threatening the boy, the Brockton Enterprise reported . They pleaded not guilty on Jan. 29 to mayhem, assault and other charges. A public defender for the women didn't return a call seeking comment on Saturday.
Police say the girl's mother is a hair stylist of Haitian descent who has LaBossiere as a client and requested the ritual. She has not been charged but is receiving mental health treatment.
The sisters will be back in Brockton Superior Court on Wednesday for a hearing to determine whether they're too dangerous to be released.
The sisters told police that they have performed "cleansing baths" for family and friends in the past, something that involves chanting prayers, rubbing frankincense and eucalyptus oils and sea salt on their bodies, and burning myrrh, the newspaper reported. Children sometimes get burned as spirits leave the body, they said.
The girl suffered a third-degree burn across her face that will leave her permanently disfigured, police said. She was treated at a hospital and taken into custody by state welfare authorities, along with her brother, who described to police what happened at the sisters' house over multiple days.
Voodoo refers to religious practices developed centuries ago by enslaved Africans in the Caribbean, primarily in Haiti, where the practices are sometimes spelled "vodou."
___
Information from: The (Brockton, Mass.) Enterprise, http://www.enterprisenews.com
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
All they have is a photo from the 1970s, a nickname, and social media — but the veterans from one Vietnam War platoon are hoping that will be enough to track down the buddy they called “Louisiana.”
Posting from her husband's Vietnam reunion earlier this month, Susan Waldrop Garvin posted the photo of the man, taken in 1970 or 1971 when his friends estimate he was 18 to 20 years old, and what his buddies remembered about him: his dark curly hair, the necklace he wore along with his dog tags, the fact that he had so many nicknames they don't even know if they ever knew his real name — and that, due to his main nickname, they think he may have hailed from Louisiana.
“He was a grunt on the ground in Vietnam. ARMY infantry; D Company; 2/8th CAVALRY; Range platoons in Vietnam,” she wrote, pleading for anyone who might recognize him to come forward
The post also included a video (viewed more than 170, 000 times so far, Garvin says) of three of his buddies talking about how much they miss him and want to track him down.
Garvin's husband Jim, who took the photograph, says he takes it to every reunion he attends and everyone remembers Louisiana, but no one has been able to identify him. That post has been shared more than 130,000 times, and Garvin has made subsequent posts as news organizations have picked up the story.
“We just remember that the picture represents the beautiful grin that he had almost all the time,” Jim Garvin tells WBRZ. To WWL-TV, he adds that Louisiana was “a very jovial and lighthearted person and kind of lifted the spirits of the rest of the troops.”
He was just a very happy-go-lucky, very positive individual,” he tells NBC DFW. He adds that attending reunions can be “healing” for vets, and he hopes Louisiana can make it to one.
More From Newser:
New Wi-Fi enabled smart door lock adds sleek design, Bluetooth 5.0 and "hands-free" capabilities for more convenient access when entering the home
LJUBLJANA, SLOVENIA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Today, Teodoor announces the smallest, most functional smart lock available to date. The lock enables "hands-free" access with ensured security to simplify and hasten the user's entry. Using advanced recognition technology, access codes, and combinations of Wi-Fi and Bluetooth, the smart lock grants access to approved users without the added hassle of searching for keys or your smartphone to unlock the door.
Teodoor is using Bluetooth 5 technology for greater stability, promising fast and reliable wireless connectivity with increased range. Once a user is within 100 feet of the door with their smartphone, he or she will be recognized through the Teodoor app via Bluetooth, and once the user is within five to ten feet from the door, the smart lock will unlock the door.
The advanced authorization uses safe encrypting algorithms in the background, without storing any private information about its users creating endless possibilities -- i.e. appointing multiple people with access permission or setting schedules and reminders. It can also provide intrusion alerts to notify users if an unidentified person has forcefully opened their door.
"There are many smart locks on the market right now that provide keyless entry, but we're excited to be the first to design a truly 'hands-free' lock with a wide range of convenient possibilities for homeowners," said Martin Koterle, CEO of Teodoor. "While the most important thing is to keep you and your house safe, smart locks should also be easy to install and a pleasure to use. With Teodoor, not only can you leave your smartphone in your purse or pocket, but you don't even have to have the app open to unlock the front door."
In the unfortunate event that a user's phone is stolen, if the lock is Wi-Fi enabled (optional), users will be able to log in via Teodoor's web app and disable the phone. Users can also disable the stolen phone by using another smart device to access the app, or performing a hard reset to the Teodoor lock. The procedure is quite similar to losing your keys, however with Teodoor you can reset, while traditional locks and deadbolts security process requires the user buying a new set.
Teodoor is available for pre-order starting at $99 ($149 for Wi-Fi enabled lock) and the product will ship end of 2017.
About Teodoor
Teodoor is an exciting team of creators from Slovenia exploring the IoT world. With its first product, the world's smallest smart lock, Teodoor seeks to provide customers with a sleek and multifunctional product in the rapidly emerging field of smart home technology. For more information on Teodoor, visit www.teodoor.com.
There's a haute version of everything plus the kitchen sink these days — even dish-washing gloves.
Calvin Klein head designer Raf Simons sent models down his spring catwalk in rubber accessories that — price notwithstanding — are nearly identical to the kind you buy from your local bodega.
The main difference? This millennial pink pair is stamped with the designer's coveted logo.
This isn't the only grocery store staple getting a stylish reboot this season: French house Céline re-imagined the see-through plastic shopper, which will lighten your wallet of a whopping $600.
The gloves are currently available for purchase at SSENSE for $390.
50 years ago — which if you think about the craziness of this story wasn't that long ago — became the first woman registered in the race to finish the Boston Marathon. As she wrote on her website, a race official tried to stop her out of concern that the distance was too long for “fragile” women to run. Times, luckily, have changed and women make up a large percentage of marathon runners. And on Monday in Boston, Switzer was back — this time as a celebrated guest.
HISTORY MADE!
50 years ago, Kathrine Switzer was the first woman to officially run #BostonMarathon Today she did it again. Amazing.#wbz pic.twitter.com/mUzhTKBOe2 — Scott Sullivan (@SullyBunz) April 17, 2017
Switzer, 70, finished the race in 4:44:31 — which is a pretty incredible time for anyone.
Even a fragile woman.
The investigation by the Metro Nashville specialized investigations division major case task force and Tennessee Bureau of Investigation agents led to Thursday's arrest of Alvaro Santos-Mendez, 36, and Hector Herrera, 29, during a vehicle stop in Nashville. Recovered during a search of the vehicle was $89,500 hidden inside the middle console area.
Officers conducted surveillance at Santos-Mendez' Nashville home saw Veronica Gomez-Guerra, 42, enter briefly and then leave with a bag of money. During an interview, Gomez-Guerra told detectives her boyfriend, Santos-Mendez, told her to retrieve the cash after his arrest.
Seized during the execution of a search warrant at the home were 8 kilograms of cocaine, 16 grams of heroin, digital scales, two guns and $127,461.
All three suspects were charged with money laundering. Additionally, Santos-Mendez and Gomez-Guerra were each charged with felony heroin and cocaine possession and felon in possession of a weapon.
SPANISH POLICE SAID today they had smashed a ring that allegedly operated a fake branch of the Vatican Bank and swindled people around the world.
Officers arrested three Spaniards and a Colombian suspected of operating the phoney branch in Fuengirola near the posh sea resort of Marbella, police said in a statement.
The group “usurped the identity, symbols and image” of the bank, which does not have an office outside Vatican City, to obtain “huge profits” from contracts signed with “a lot of companies around the world” to develop “commercial relations and provide financial advice,” it said.
The group's office in Fuengirola features the shield of the Vatican on its glass door and is decorated with statue depicting the Virgin Mary holding the baby Jesus in her arms.
Another showed a black luxury vehicle decorated with the same Vatican shield on one of its doors.
Police said they were still figuring how many people around the world fell victim and how much money the gang had raised.
Officers seized a yacht, several luxury cars and silver ingots as well as €5,000 in cash as part of the operation.
Among those arrested is the suspected ringleader, a 30-year-old Spanish man who claimed to be a member of the Vatican's diplomatic corps and had fake documents that identified him as a Cuban ambassador.
The four suspects face charges of fraud, money laundering, impersonation and criminal association.
- © AFP 2018
AMC/Gene Page(NEW YORK) — (SPOILERS AHEAD) Sunday night's mid-season finale of The Walking Dead began with Rick stunned, trying to find out what happened to the Sanctuary…And ended with a shocker.
Rick's moment is interspersed with a flashback to Carl discussing what needs to happen next; how their folks can't become like Negan's.
In the present, with Jadis and her people, Rick searches the Sanctuary, until someone opens fire. Jadis and her people beat feet, stranding Rick behind enemy lines — until an SUV with Carol and Ezekiel's pal Jerry shows up, and rescues him.
Rick, Ezekiel, Carol, and Maggie all look on pensively in their various locations, until we see one guy smiling. It's Negan, whistling his Savior wolf whistle.
Meanwhile, Enid and Aaron are on a stretch of road, driving to Oceanside, to try to get the female-only colony to join them. They take a turn at a distillery, to perhaps find a welcome gift.
At Alexandria, Michonne apologizes to Daryl for not joining his assault. “Don't be. It worked.”
Elsewhere, Carl tearfully writes his dad a letter.
Aaron and Enid continue their trip to Oceanside — this time with one driving a huge whiskey truck. They park, and a short time later they're awakened by a sound. Aaron goes to investigate, and he's knocked down. Tara panics and fires — and kills Natania, the old woman who runs Oceanside.
At Alexandria, Michonne finds Carl, who appears to be leaving through a manhole. Just then, we hear Negan at the gate: he's demanding an apology, and “the person with the lamest one dies.” He's also demanding they open the gates.
Meanwhile, Rick, Carol and Jerry are speeding down a road in separate cars, when Jerry is rammed out of frame.
At the Kingdom, Ezekiel reads an apology note from Jerry, for leaving him. Just then, a sound. Men stream into his headquarters.
Also driving, Maggie is confident with Jesus that they'll be able to starve out the Saviors in in the stricken Sanctuary. Just then, they spot a tree blocking the road. In short order, a truck backs up. Two men come out, and lower a ramp, and a coffin. Simon, Negan's right hand man emerges. They roll an injured Jerry down the ramp.
At Alexandria, Rick's gang prepares for the assault. Carl has a plan in mind, but it doesn't include fighting. He's in charge.
At the Kingdom, one of Negan's lieutenants informs the rest that everything they make will now belong to the Saviors, and since they caused the Saviors' home to be overrun, they'll be living there.
With Maggie, Simon informs the rest they have to give up their guns or Jerry and their comrades in the cars will be executed.
Back at Alexandria, Negan is on the mic, and learns Rick isn't home — from Carl atop the gate.
Carl says he's willing to sacrifice himself to change the course of things.
Just then, Daryl guns a garbage truck's engine, and rams Alexandria's gate from the inside, with a series of other cars and trucks in tow. They speed away.
Carl ducks away, and Negan, angry, realizes he's been had. Negan's guys fire grenades into Alexandria.
Carl, meanwhile, throws smoke grenades to try to confuse the invaders. Around him, the homes explode.
On the road, Simon threatens Maggie, who tells her they've decided Hilltop, her community, can stay intact if they keep producing.
Simon executes Neil, who was riding with her and Jesus, to prove a point. She agrees to turn around, but as a favor, she asks for the coffin to bury Neil. “Favor granted,” he smarms.
In the woods, Michone, Rosita and the other Alexandria fighters wait for an ambush.
On the road, Dwight tells Regina to go a little further, against her will, into the smoke. Just then: ambush.
Dwight hides while the rest of his men fire back at the Rick's gang. Then Dwight opens up on his own men. Regina sees him do it, and now knows he's the traitor. She fires, hitting him in the shoulder. She blames him for everything that happened, but before she can execute him, she takes fire and scrambles away.
Back at Alexandria, Negan and his gang look for the folks, only to realize they're gone — but he suspects Carl would “go down with the ship.” He gives orders not to kill Carl, but find him. Carl, for his part, hides in the sewer.
Back at the Sanctuary, a guilt-wracked Eugene decides to help the doctor get back to Maggie to help her through her pregnancy; Eugene tells them he slipped laxative into a guard's coffee, providing an escape route, and Eugene also conveniently drops a set of car keys for the doctor.
At the Kingdom, Ezekiel lights a fire to distract the Saviors, who have orders to keep him alive. He rams a school bus through the streets, enough for one of his to grab survivors and shuttle them away.
Maggie appears at the gate. “Save them,” he tells her. “Like you saved me.” He locks himself inside, and surrenders to the Saviors.
At Hilltop, Maggie has finally returned. She shows up to the Savior pen, and demands one, Dean, step out. She executes him on the spot. It doesn't make them even with the Saviors, but “it's a start,” she says, before demanding they fortify the walls and prepare for a last stand.
Back at the roadside ambush, Dwight calls out that it's over. He explains to the gun-toting good guys that he can't go back — and explains it was Eugene who got them clear of the walkers surrounding the compound. Uneasily, they agree to keep him alive — though Daryl reclaims his vest.
At Kingdom, Morgan materializes.
Outside Alexandria, Rosita and the other fighters disappear into the sewers. Michonne refuses to go with them, and covers the manhole.
Inside Alexandria, Rick is looking for Carl when Negan attacks him. They fight hand-to-hand-to-Lucille. Rick momentarily get the upper hand, and manages to escape through a window.
Michonne stalks through the town, and butchers a Savior. Rick finds her and together they get to the sewer, where one by one, Rick finds all the survivors, including baby Judith, and eventually Carl, who tells him he led them all here.
Then Carl pulls up his shirt. Somewhere along the line, he got bit.
We know he's doomed.
The Walking Dead returns for the second half of season eight on February 25 on AMC.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
EMBED >More News Videos It's Suicide Prevention Awareness Week. Two survivors talk about jumping from the Golden Gate Bridge. A story of regret and of hope.
BREAKING: I-696 CLOSED both sides right now at Coolidge. In an effort to stop a man from jumping off overpass, these trucks packed in closely. @FOX2News @1003WNIC pic.twitter.com/L6FQylV5kQ — Jay Towers (@JayTowers) April 24, 2018
More than a dozen tractor-trailers lined up beneath a Detroit-area freeway overpass to aid police trying to help a man contemplating suicide.Michigan State Police Lt. Michael Shaw said troopers received a call early Tuesday about the man standing on an overpass above Interstate 696 in Huntington Woods. As officers routed traffic away, they directed truckers to drive into positions to shorten the fall if the man jumped.Thirteen trucks lined the freeway as police dealt with the man. The incident lasted about four hours until he walked off to waiting officers and to seek medical help.Shaw says troopers typically work with truckers during such incidents, but it's unusual to have so many involved. He adds there are "many other options out there aside from taking your own life."
For months, Hillary Clinton has been facing backlash for using a private email server to send both personal and official government messages. Many feel that this scandal is being blown out of proportion...
An exterior view of the Mandalay Bay hotel (FOX5).
By KEN RITTER and MICHAEL BALSAMO
Associated Press
The first police officer to burst through the door of a Las Vegas hotel suite where a gunman unleashed a hail of bullets on a concert last year didn't activate his body camera.
The disclosure made by police lawyers late Tuesday raises questions about whether officers followed department policy during the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Police are expected to release body camera videos Wednesday from two other officers who helped clear Stephen Paddock's room. A lawsuit by The Associated Press and other media prompted the videos' release.
Paddock opened fire from a 32nd-floor hotel suite on Oct. 1, killing 58 people and injuring hundreds of others.
The police department's policy requires officers to activate body cameras during calls that result in interaction with citizens and searches.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Dangerous Bug Puts Apple macOS High Sierra Devices at Risk
A huge security issue with Apple's most recent operating system update for Mac allows anyone to log into devices running the OS without a password. The vulnerability was reported yesterday by a software developer on Twitter.
The macOS High Sierra bug was discovered last week by a member of the infrastructure staff at iyzico, a Turkish payment management platform provider, according to Lemi Orhan Ergin, a "software craftsman" at the company. Ergin said staff members reported the vulnerability to Apple on Nov. 23, and he disclosed the flaw publicly in a tweet on Tuesday.
Anyone running macOS High Sierra can resolve the issue quickly with a "simple fix," security writer Brian Krebs noted yesterday: "Change the root account's password now."
One of Apple's 'Most Embarrassing Vulnerabilities'
News of a vulnerability that opens up password-free root access to any Mac device running High Sierra shocked many users and security experts.
"The macOS High Sierra 'root' user bug is insane... just tried it for myself & cannot believe it actually worked," tweeted programmer William LeGate. "I can't think of anything worse that has been shipped by a major operating system in the past decade."
Forbes writer Thomas Fox-Brewster wrote yesterday that the bug "may go down as one of the most embarrassing vulnerabilities in Apple history."
One small bright spot may be that the vulnerability requires local access and appears difficult, though not impossible, to exploit remotely. This led multimedia developer Greg Edwards to tweet, "Are you running macOS High Sierra, and if so, when will you be away from your desk for 10-15 minutes today?"
"We are working on a software update to address this issue," Apple said in a statement to news outlets. "In the meantime, setting a root password prevents unauthorized access to your Mac. To enable the Root User and set a password, please follow the instructions here: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT204012. If a Root User is already enabled, to ensure a blank password is not set, please follow the instructions from the 'Change the root password' section."
Reactions to Bug 'Like a Blast'
In a Medium post today, Ergin today said his Twitter disclosure about the Mac bug was met with "many reactions like a blast." He added that his intent with yesterday's tweet wasn't to harm Apple or Apple users, but to "warn Apple and say 'there is a serious security issue in High Sierra, be aware of it and fix it."
While Ergin's disclosure has received widespread attention, the bug was actually reported earlier this month in a Apple Developer Forum thread about macOS High Sierra. A user responding to a question about creating an admin account in the operating system noted on Nov. 13 that one solution was to log in at startup with the username "root" and an empty password.
"Oh my god that should not work but it does," another user responded yesterday on the forum. "This is really REALLY bad. Some bug in authentication is ENABLING root with no password the first time it fails!"
Several experts have lambasted Apple for allowing the vulnerability in the first place.
"This is pretty bad of Apple," noted security writer Graham Cluley, who also took the company to task two months ago for another macOS High Sierra bug that displayed a user's password in plaintext upon clicking the "Show Hint" button.
In the case of a fix for this latest vulnerability, "I would imagine [Apple] will be pushing it out as a high priority," Cluley said. When that happens, "Make sure to update your Macs and MacBooks at your earliest opportunity after it is released," he added.
Image credit: Apple.
David Banks/Getty Images(CHICAGO) — Chicago White Sox Pitcher Danny Farquhar is improving after undergoing surgery on Saturday following a brain aneurysm.
Farquhar sustained the aneurysm during the team's game against the Houston Astros on Friday. He collapsed in the dugout after pitching the sixth inning of the game.
In a statement released by the team, Farquhar is “responding appropriately to questions and commands” and that he remains in critical, but neurologically stable condition.”
The pitcher in the ICU at the Rush University Medical Center. His wife and family are with him at the center, where he is expected to stay for several weeks.
The White Sox moved him to the 60-day disabled list before their game Monday night against Seattle, a team Farquhar used to play for.
The Mariners honored their former teammate by hanging his former jersey in the bullpen.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
By Laura Vozzella and Gregory S. Schneider | Washington Post
RICHMOND, Va. – The Virginia Senate voted Wednesday to make government health insurance available to 400,000 low-income residents, overcoming five years of GOP resistance. The decision marks a leftward shift in the legislature and an enormous win for Gov. Ralph Northam, D, the pediatrician who ran on expanding access to health care.
The House of Delegates still must vote on the Senate's plan, but it was not expected to have trouble clearing the lower chamber as soon as Wednesday evening. Virginia would join 32 other states and the District in expanding Medicaid coverage. It is expected to take effect Jan. 1.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
Wednesday's vote, by a margin of 22 to 18 with three Republicans splitting with their party to join Democrats, was the product of several shifts in Virginia politics. The unpopularity of President Trump in Virginia spurred some Republicans to switch their vote who might not have done so if Hillary Clinton had become president, said Stephen Farnsworth, a political scientist at the University of Mary Washington. And the power of the state's wealthy suburbs has fueled a surge in support for Democratic issues.
“The fortunes for the Republican party in Richmond were not good if the party stood mainly for divisive issues like no Medicaid expansion, no abortion and no restrictions on guns,” he said. “That's a losing trifecta in suburban Virginia, and that's where the votes are.”
Despite Republican efforts to tear it down, the Affordable Care Act “has become more popular than it ever was, and the opportunity to balance the state's budget with an influx of federal funds became an increasingly popular choice,” he said.
Under the Affordable Care Act, Washington allows states to open their Medicaid rolls to people making up to 138 percent of the federal poverty level, which is $16,643 for an individual. The federal government pledged to pay at least 90 percent of the cost, which in Virginia would amount to about $2 billion a year.
The Republican-controlled state legislature refused it for years. Leaders in the House and the Senate said they feared the federal government would renege on its funding promise, sticking Virginia with an unbearable tab. Some expansion critics also objected to opening an entitlement program to “able-bodied” Virginians.
But opposition in the House crumbled after Democrats nearly won control of the chamber in November, amid a blue wave widely viewed as a rebuke to President Donald Trump. A chastened House Speaker Kirkland Cox, R-Colonial Heights, seeking to rebrand Republicans as results-oriented pragmatists, came out in favor of expansion if work requirements, co-pays and other conservative strings were attached.
Nineteen of the 51 Republicans in the House joined Democrats in February to pass a budget bill that expanded Medicaid, apparently concluding that they have more to fear from energized Democrats and independents than from potential primary challengers on the right.
Easing their evolution was Northam's assumption of the governorship in January. The former state senator and lieutenant governor, a soft-spoken pediatrician and former Army doctor once wooed by Republicans, has close friends on both sides of the aisle. His predecessor, Terry McAuliffe, D, argued in favor of Medicaid expansion for four years but did not enjoy the same respect and trust from Richmond Republicans.
It also helped that Republicans in Washington had failed to “repeal and replace” the ACA.
In an odd twist, it was the Virginia Senate – traditionally the more moderate chamber and the one that had backed expansion in previous years with help from two now-retired moderate Republicans – that remained dug in.
The standoff forced the legislature to adjourn its regular session March 10 without a budget. Legislators needed to pass a budget by July 1 to avoid a government shutdown.
Virginia's existing Medicaid program is one of the least generous in the nation. To be eligible, a disabled individual can make no more than $9,700 a year. The cutoff for a family of three is $6,900. Able-bodied, childless adults are not eligible, no matter how poor.
Under the Affordable Care Act, states can raise those income limits, and the federal government will pick up 90 percent of the cost. The income ceiling would rise to $16,750 a year for a disabled person or able-bodied adult, and $28,700 for a family of three.
The leanness – some say stinginess – of the current Medicaid program partly accounts for Virginia's reluctance to expand. The current program covers 1 million, so adding 400,000 represents a 40 percent increase – a much bigger leap for Virginia than for most states.
Republican hold-outs in the Senate saw the carnage last year in the House, but they did not feel it themselves, since they were not on the ballot last year. And some doubted that embracing “Obamacare” would help their party, which has not won a statewide election since 2009. While voters called health care a priority in exit polls, some Senate Republicans blamed the GOP losses in November on an anti-Trump wave, not pro-Medicaid fervor.
They fought up to the moment of the vote Wednesday, with a series of procedural moves, passionate floor speeches and an appearance by former U.S. Sen. Rick Santorum, the Republican from Pennsylvania, who left office in 2007 and has been out of politics since his unsuccesful run for the presidency in 2012. In a Senate meeting room, he warned that Obamacare could be killed by Congress.
“We are picking up some momentum, I feel very, very good” that legislation repealing the ACA will advance in Congress, said Santorum, who now lives in Virginia. “That means that everything that happened here will be for naught, in fact you'll create something that you'll have to get rid of in a matter of two years.”
Santorum's appearance was organized by Americans for Prosperity, the conservative activist group funded by the Koch brothers. People wearing green Americans for Prosperity shirts and holding signs calling for “No Medicaid expansion in Virginia” lined the meeting room. Expansion supporters waited in the hallway outside, their signs reminded individual senators of the percentages of voters in their districts who favor expansion.
Capitol Police stayed on hand to keep the peace, at one point separating the two factions when they got into a shouting match, a rarity in the marble corridors where a Capitol staffer regularly scolds anyone who speaks above a whisper.
Senate Majority Leader Thomas Norment Jr. lamented the tone of the debate surrounding the Medicaid vote and what he called repeated departures from custom and behavior and a decline in civility.
“In the years I have been in the Senate, I have never been treated more disrespectfully by some of these advocacy groups,” he said in a lengthy floor speech. “Lying down in front of my office.. with made up tombstones, asking people to blow their horns when they go past my law office. The verbal abuse I took yesterday, just walking from the Pocahantas Building was unbelievable.”
The moment was an irresistible opportunity for Corey Stewart, the Prince William County supervisor running for the Republican nomination for U.S. Senate, to descend on the Capitol and denounce the “weak” Republicans who voted with Democrats to expand Medicaid.
“This is what happens when you elect Republicans who don't have a backbone, who don't stand up for anything,” Stewart said. “I think this is a major disaster for our party and for the commonwealth of Virginia.”
In the end, three Republicans broke with their party to support expansion: Emmett Hanger Jr., Augusta, Frank Wagner, Virginia Beach, and Sen. Ben Chafin, Russell.
Wagner argued that all Virginians would benefit from Medicaid expansion because when uninsured people turn to hospital emergency rooms for care, the costs are absorbed by health systems and, in turn, to the general population in the form of higher premiums.
“This is not just about helping this group of people,” Wagner said. “This is about getting out there and helping to bend the cost of health care for every Virginian…..It is the number one issue on our voters' minds. By golly, it ought to be the number one issue on the General Assembly's mind.”
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OVERLAND PARK, Kan. -- As an alleged shooter awaits his first court date, Overland Park police identified two men shot at Sunrise Point Elementary school. Todd Eugene Davis, 48, was shot and killed. Police say Efren Joaquin Gomez, 54, is still in critical condition.
Police said Anthony Grable, of Kansas City, Missouri, shot his co-workers while they were working on the school's playground on Tuesday.
The 32-year-old alleged shooter has not been formally charged, but is in jail and is due in a Johnson County courtroom on Thursday afternoon.
Officer John Lacy, spokesperson for Overland Park Police, said there was an argument about tools prior to the shooting.
The two victims were both taken to a nearby hospital in critical condition, Davis died on Tuesday.
Police said Grable allegedly attempted to carjack someone at a car wash after the shooting but was unsuccessful. A few blocks away, he stole a black Denali from someone and drove away.
Overland Park police said they believe after the carjacking, Grable drove to the home of the man who owned the stolen vehicle. That home was not far from the scene of the shooting.
Police brought the carjacking victim to his home, and he noticed one of his dogs was outside. He said the doors were locked and his dogs were inside when he left -- that's how police determined the suspect was inside.
After a standoff, police arrested the 32-year-old suspect when he surrendered. While transporting him to jail, Lacy said Grable attempted to escape custody near West 127th and Antioch, but he was detained and booked.
With its small shops and indie eateries, San Diegans know North Park is a hipster haven but now the community has been ranked among the “Hottest Hipster Markets” in the nation for homebuyers.
Realtor.com, with help from Yelp, put together a list of the most in-demand housing markets in America with the highest concentration of “hipster” businesses for homebuyer looking to embrace indie culture.
Turns out, the North Park zip code – 92104 – ranks No. 3 in the country for “Hipster Markets.” The study cites artisanal coffee, avocado toast and independent record stores as contributing factors in so-called hipster communities.
For its part, North Park, tucked in San Diego's uptown area, is known for its “shop small” vibe, with tiny, trendy coffee shops, boutiques, art galleries and craft breweries lining 30th Street and University Avenue.
Each year, on the Saturday in November after Black Friday, the community partakes in Small Business Saturday, highlighting local artisans and their unique goods. By the way, you know you're in North Park when you've seen the large “North Park” sign at University Avenue and 29th Street.
Other hot hipster hangouts for homebuyers include, in order:
Columbus, Ohio (43202)
Seattle, Washington (98122)
Fort Wayne, Indiana (46802)
Rochester, New York (14620)
San Francisco, California (94117)
Long Beach, California (90814)
Louisville, Kentucky (40217)
Grand Rapids, Michigan (49506)
Colorado Springs, Colorado (17820)
According to Realtor.com's research into hipsters in housing markets, the presence of a strong hipster culture in a community can indicate a hot housing market.
The markets on this list, including North Park, show healthy buyer demand, with homes selling in an average of 30 days, the company said. The homes in those zip codes are highly sought after by millennials ages 25 to 34.
The data compiled by Yelp for the list factors in the mentions of the term “hipster” in reviews of businesses in communities such as music venues, dive bars, restaurants, barbershops, vinyl record shops and more.
Merriam-Webster defines the term hipster as "a person who is unusually aware of and interested in new and unconventional patterns (as in jazz or fashion)."
San Clemente Times
After several consecutive winning seasons the San Clemente High School football team is moving up. The Tritons, who claimed the CIF-SS Division 2 Championship last season, will play in Division 1 in the fall.
On June 8, the CIF-SS announced its new divisional playoff groupings for fall sports. The Triton football team made one of the more significant jumps in the county, jumping from Division 2 to Division 1.
The new groupings are a result of CIF-SS's competitive equity points-based system, which uses data like strength of schedule, league strength and past performance to place teams in certain divisions. The power rankings system is based off the previous two seasons. San Clemente reached the CIF-SS Southwest Division title game in 2015 and won the Division 2 title in 2016.
San Clemente had the third-most points of all public schools in Division 1, behind only Corona-Centennial and Mission Viejo, respectively. The division is loaded with powerhouse programs like St. John Bosco and Mater Dei.
The CIF-SS will have 16-team football playoff brackets, which means all but two of the 18 Division 1 teams will compete in the postseason next year.
Malaysian police probing the killing of the half-brother of North Korea's leader arrested a woman Wednesday as they tried to unravel a Cold War-style assassination the South said was carried out by Pyongyang's agents.
As Seoul pointed the finger at poison-wielding female spies from North of their shared border, police in Kuala Lumpur said they were holding a woman with a Vietnamese passport.
Her arrest came around 24 hours after news broke of the death of Kim Jong-Nam, the elder sibling of North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un, with reports saying female assassins had sprayed toxins in his face at Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
CCTV images that emerged in Malaysian media, purportedly of one of the suspects, showed an Asian woman wearing a white top with the letters “LOL” emblazoned on the front.
Malaysian police chief Khalid Abu Bakar said 28-year-old Doan Thi Huong was arrested at the airport on Wednesday morning — two days after the killing.
The suspect was “positively identifed from the CCTV footage at the airport and was alone at the time of arrest,” Khalid said in a statement.
Meanwhile, pathologists in the Malaysian capital were examining the body for clues as to how he died, in a killing that has echoes of Soviet-era spycraft.
If confirmed, the assassination, which analysts said could have been ordered over reports he was readying to defect, would be the highest-profile death on Kim Jong-Un's watch since the 2013 execution of his uncle, Jang Song-Thaek, in a country with a long record of meting out brutal deaths.
Seizure
South Korea's spy chief Lee Byung-Ho said the two women struck on Monday morning as Kim was readying to board a flight to Macau where he has spent many years in exile.
Malaysian police said Kim, a portly 45-year-old, was walking through the departure hall when he was attacked.
“He told the receptionist… someone had grabbed his face from behind and splashed some liquid on him,” Selangor state's criminal investigation chief Fadzil Ahmat was reported as saying by Malaysia's The Star newspaper.
“He asked for help and was immediately sent to the airport's clinic. At this point, he was experiencing headache and was on the verge of passing out,” said Fadzil.
“At the clinic, the victim experienced a mild seizure. He was put into an ambulance and was being taken to the Putrajaya Hospital when he was pronounced dead.”
The head of Kuala Lumpur Hospital's forensics department, Mohamad Shah Mahmood, was taking part in the autopsy, according to an aide.
A black Jaguar sedan bearing the North Korean flag was seen outside the department.
– Fall from grace –
Kim, 45, had at one time been set to assume the leadership of his isolated country, but fell out of favour after an embarrassing attempt to get into Japan on a fake passport in 2001. Kim has since lived in exile, gaining a reputation as something of a playboy with much of his time spent in the gambling enclave of Macau, where he was believed to have enjoyed some protection from Chinese security forces.
Quizzed about the killing during a regular press conference, Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said Beijing was aware of the reports.
“According to our understanding, the incident took place in Malaysia and the Malaysian side is investigating this issue. We are following the developments,” he said.
In Pyongyang, celebrations were under way for Thursday's anniversary of the birth of Kim Jong-Il, Jong-Nam's father, with an ice-skating gala that made no mention of the drama. Jong-Un has been trying to strengthen his grip on power in the face of growing international pressure over his country's nuclear and missile programmes, and regular reports have emerged on purges and executions.
Jong-Nam, known as an advocate of reform in the North, once told Japanese reporters that he opposed his country's dynastic system. In a 2012 interview from his school in Bosnia, a 17-year-old Kim Han-Sol, Jong-Nam's son, said his father had been passed over for succession because he “was not really interested in politics”.
“I don't really know why he became a dictator,” Kim said of his uncle Kim Jong-Un. “It was between him and my grandfather.”
It emerged Wednesday that Jong-Nam had pleaded with his younger brother for his life to be spared after an earlier assassination attempt.
“Jong-Nam in April 2012 sent a letter to Jong-Un saying ‘Please spare me and my family,'” Kim Byung-Kee, a member of South Korea's parliamentary intelligence committee, told reporters.
Cheong Seong-Chang of the independent Sejong Institute in Seoul said the assassination was “unthinkable without a direct order or approval from Kim Jong-Un himself”. His killing was likely motivated by a recent news report that Kim Jong-Nam had sought to defect to the EU, the US or South Korea as far back as in 2012, he said.
Business News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: thebftonline.com
2017-10-06
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum
The Global Business Forum on Africa, organised by the Dubai Chamber of Commerce and Industry, is set to hold its fourth edition under the theme “Next Generation Africa” at Dubai's Madinat Jumeirah on November 1 & 2, 2017.
The high-profile event, held under the patronage of H.H. Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum – Vice President and Prime Minister of the UAE, and Ruler of Dubai – will explore new opportunities to enhance economic cooperation and expand trade and investment ties between the Middle East and Africa.
The two-day forum features a total of 24 sessions that will involve the participation of heads of state, ministers and dignitaries, policymakers, CEOs, prominent entrepreneurs, and heads of private banks as well as UAE government and business leaders.
H.E. Hamad Buamim, President and CEO, Dubai Chamber, said: “African economies are witnessing remarkable growth at the moment, offering exciting business opportunities in a wide range of sectors. Therefore, it is an ideal time to examine these trends in more detail and determine how Dubai can play a greater role in facilitating Africa's future growth.”
Dubai Chamber's President and CEO described the Global Business Forum on Africa as the largest event of its kind in the region, which provides a unique platform for constructive dialogue between public and private sector stakeholders – adding that the event will aim to brainstorm sustainable solutions for the challenges facing African countries as they look to open-up their economies to the world.
Overview of Key Sessions
H.E. Majid Saif Al Ghurair, Chairman, Dubai Chamber, will kick off the forum with a welcome address that will be followed by the opening session entitled ‘Next Generation Africa'. The session will highlight existing obstacles to trade, investment and prosperity, and examine the role that Africa's dynamic young entrepreneurs can play in resolving such challenges.
Sessions on the first day will delve into the concept of leapfrogging and look at whether technology and entrepreneurship are enough to unleash Africa's economic potential and bring about inclusive growth. Leading figures from Rwanda, Estonia and Peru will come together in a special session to discuss how countries can change existing perceptions and reinvent themselves as entrepreneurial hotspots.
Other sessions will highlight key business opportunities and the investment climate in major African markets, tap into the insights of fintech experts in Africa and the UAE, and draw valuable lessons that the next generation of African leaders can benefit from.
Entrepreneurship and Investment Opportunities
The second day of the forum will resume with a ‘VIP Masterclass', where delegates will be joined by leading African entrepreneurs to discuss successes, failures and lessons learned. Later in the day, influential heads of African states will tackle environmental issues in a session titled ‘Coping with Climate Change: Future-Proofing Diversification'. Other sessions will analyse key trends that are expected to drive the next phase of Africa's development, including industrialisation, foreign investment, entrepreneurship, population growth, and rising incomes.
The Global Business Forum series – launched by Dubai Chamber in 2012 – focuses on Africa, the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) and Latin America. To date, the series has hosted 10 heads of state, 74 ministers and dignitaries, and 5,400 executives as well as a host of influential decision makers from 65 countries around the world.
Dubai Chamber is collaborating with the Economist Group in developing the forum's content. The previous Global Business Forum on Africa in Dubai attracted more than 1,000 participants, while more than 100 bilateral investment meetings were held during the event.
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump's campaign staff, according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials. American agencies were concerned about the contacts but haven't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus, the reports say.
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia's attempts to tamper with the presidential election, according to The New York Times, which first reported the contacts.
According to CNN, "The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S. intelligence."
Both CNN and the Times cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories.
Reporter Matt Apuzzo, part of the Times team that broke the story, tells NPR's Morning Edition that while officials said they haven't seen proof of collusion — "just the flurry of contacts was enough, and the timing of the contacts, was enough to get them very concerned."
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts, officials tell both news outlets.
President Trump called the reports "conspiracy theories" early Wednesday, in response to the stories:
"The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred," the president wrote. He then added that MSNBC and CNN are "unwatchable," while the Fox News program Fox & Friends "is great."
The Kremlin had a similar response, with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying, "Let us not believe in what media say, for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones."
That's according to state-run Tass media, which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media.
Allegations about Trump's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate himself last July, when he urged Russian agents to "find" Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's emails and release them.
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia; in Congress, there are also calls for public investigations. Last month, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections.
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own, particularly as the new president is settling into the White House.
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana, who's on the House Judiciary Committee, tells Morning Edition, "I don't think we need an independent investigation here, I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work."
That work, he said, includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations. Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens.
"There are some serious legal implications here," Johnson said, "but it has nothing to do with partisan politics. I mean, the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review."
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored.
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country:
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of his contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S.;
Paul Manafort, resigned as Trump's campaign chairman last August amid reports of his attempts to align Trump's policies with Russian interests;
Carter Page removed himself as a foreign policy adviser last September, as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts.
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were "regularly communicating with Russian nationals," CNN reports.
In an interview with the Times, Manafort called the officials' account "absurd" and said he had never had anything to do with Putin's government.
Manafort told the newspaper, "It's not like these people wear badges that say, 'I'm a Russian intelligence officer.'"
BEIJING: China's military has become alarmed by what it sees as US President-elect Donald Trump's support of Taiwan and is considering strong measures to prevent the island from moving toward independence, sources with ties to senior military officers said.
Three sources said one possibility being considered was conducting war games near the self-ruled island that China considers as a breakaway province. Another was a series of economic measures to cripple Taiwan.
It was not clear whether any decisions had been taken, but the sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the Taiwan issue had become a hot topic within the upper echelons of China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) in recent weeks.
Trump, due to take office on Jan 20, angered Beijing this month by speaking to Taiwan's president by telephone, breaking decades of precedent and casting doubt on his incoming administration's commitment to Beijing's “one China” policy. Beijing fears this could embolden supporters of independence in Taiwan.
“If Trump challenges ‘one China' after becoming president, this would cross our red line,” said another source, who has ties to China's leadership.
China's defense ministry declined to comment. An official at the ministry's news department said China's position was clearly laid out in the 2005 Anti-Secession Law, which authorizes the use of force against Taiwan in the event China judges it to have seceded.
Asked about any possible aggressive moves from China, Taiwan defense ministry spokesman Chen Chung-shi said: “We are fully prepared, and plan for the worst while preparing for the best.”
China claims self-ruled Taiwan as its sacred and inviolable territory and is deeply suspicious of President Tsai Ing-wen, whose ruling Democratic Progressive Party espouses the island's independence. Tsai, who took power this year, says she wants to maintain peace with China, but China is unconvinced.
Tsai said on Saturday that Taiwan will be “calm” when facing issues to do with China, but uncertainties next year will test the self-ruled island and its national security team.
Beijing has also been angered by a trip planned by Tsai in January to Latin America in which she will transit through Houston and San Francisco. China has urged the United States to block the stopovers.
Chinese officials have blamed Taiwan for creating trouble rather than Trump, and many of them believe he will be more accommodating to China once in office.
“We're ready. If Taiwan wants to make trouble so can we. Let's hit them hard,” said an official in Beijing who meets regularly with China's most senior military officers, including those who work directly with President Xi Jinping.
“We can hold exercises close to Taiwan, and show them the damage we could cause. Taiwan will have to give in then,” the official added, citing a recent conversation with one of the military officers.
One China policy
The United States is bound by law to provide Taiwan with the means to defend itself, but it's unclear if the United States would send troops in the event of war between China and Taiwan.
Washington also acknowledges Beijing's position that there is only one China and Taiwan is its territory.
A retired senior officer who maintains contacts with the PLA told Reuters that China probably wouldn't need to fire any missiles to bring Taiwan to its knees. China is Taiwan's largest trading partner, and Taiwan runs a huge trade surplus with China, worth $27 billion in 2015.
“We can just cut them off economically. No more direct flights, no more trade. Nothing. Taiwan would not last long,” the officer said. “There would be no need for war.”
In addition, any Western economic blockade of China put in place in the event of war with Taiwan would also be damaging to China, already dealing with a slowing economy.
A US defense official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said Chinese actions had been more provocative in the past month, since Trump won the US election and made comments about Taiwan.
This month, a Chinese naval flotilla headed by its sole aircraft carrier, the Liaoning, took part in drills that took it around Taiwan.
Chinese air force jets have performed similar drills in recent weeks, flying close to the island, though China has officially called the air force and naval exercises routine.
China also scored a diplomatic victory when tiny Sao Tome and Principe switched recognition to Beijing from Taiwan.
An armed robber in Weston, FL was caught by surprise when he tried to hold up a local Walgreens but instead of getting money, he was met with an ice cold stare.
The incident occurred on the afternoon of December 4. According to surveillance footage, the suspect walks into the store and conceals his appearance. Once at the checkout, he pulls out his handgun as the store clerk is ringing up his items. Unfortunately for him, the clerk was unmoved and unbothered. Instead of frantically handing over everything in the cash register, the clerk stares the gunman down for what seems to be an eternity.
Check it out.
STARING CONTEST – An armed robber attempted to hold up a Walgreens store in Weston, but encountered a clerk who decided to just stare him down instead BSO is still looking for the suspect. https://t.co/dVmUzQZMIb pic.twitter.com/0mWZM681Io — WSVN 7 News (@wsvn) December 7, 2017 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Source: Niall Carson/PA Images
SECOND YEAR MEDICAL students at University College Dublin (UCD) have been informed they must resit an exam they first sat before Christmas after it emerged the exam paper in question had been ‘compromised'.
It has emerged that images of a paper strikingly similar to the one taken before Christmas had been circulated among many students prior to the exam, the University Observer reports.
Students enrolled in the ‘Cell-Cell Communication' module received an email on 22 January stating that the exam had been “compromised and thus rendered invalid”.
The email also informed students that they would have to sit “a new examination of the same format” this semester.
The students who took the initial exam did not receive a grade for the module along with the rest of their results on 24 January.
The results for the exam showed an unexpectedly high number of A and B grades, with several students claiming that 230 students of the approximate 300 enrolled in the module received an A grade.
A page from the 'leaked' multiple-choice exam
The exam was a 50-question multiple choice questionnaire.
Speaking anonymously, one student who sat the exam said: “there was an old exam that a student produced… that was going around between us and we saw that paper before we'd gone in.”
Another third year medicine student, meanwhile said: “this year, someone in the year below me asked my friend for the notes she had for Cell-Cell and since my friend knew I had the questions and answers from sitting the repeat she asked me for them. I gave them to her to pass on and I told her to encourage them to pass them to everyone in their year and they did.”
When asked for comment by the University Observer, module co-ordinator Dr John Baugh stated:
“I have never provided students with exam questions ahead of resit exams. I have allowed students to review, under supervision, the exam paper that they sat and failed so that they can identify topics they need assistance with.”
Students have never been allowed to copy questions or take exam papers from my office. Students taking this module are explicitly informed that the school does not release past multiple-choice papers.
The resit of the exam is scheduled for late February.
Trump, who is under increasing pressure to explicitly condemn the white supremacist and hate groups involved, lashed out almost immediately Monday at Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier on Twitter, saying that because of the resignation, the pharmaceutical executive “will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!”
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
Drugmakers have come under closer scrutiny because of rising drug prices, though Merck has not been one of the companies targeted by lawmakers or watchdog groups.
Frazier, who is African American, said in a tweet on Monday that the country's leaders must “honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy.”
One person was killed in the protests after a car slammed into a crowd and multiple people were injured in that incident and in in running clashes between white supremacists those opposing them.
Other executives who agreed to serve on councils advising the president have already resigned, citing separate stances taken by the Trump administration.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk resigned from the manufacturing council in June, and two other advisory groups to the president, after the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement. Walt Disney Co. Chairman and CEO Bob Iger resigned from a White House advisory council for the same reason.
The Food Standards Agency has issued a safety notice over the weekend after several baked goods were recalled due to the risk they may contain glass fragments.
Steak slices, Chicken and mushroom slices, minced beef and onion slices, cheese and onion pasties, chicken and bacon slices, chicken tikka slices and sausage and bean slices manufactured by Peter's Food Service and sold under the Peter's brand as well as LIDL Chef Select and ASDA brands have been recalled.
The Food Standards Agency notice reads:”Peter's Food Service Ltd recalls several baked meat and vegetarian pasty products because they may contain glass fragments. Products include ASDA, LIDL and Peter's brand products.
“No other Peter's Food Service Ltd batches or products are known to be affected.
“If you have bought any of the above products do not eat them. Instead, return them to the store from where they were bought for a full refund.”
The full list of affected products is detailed below:
Product: ASDA 2 Peppered Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 19 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: ASDA 2 Peppered Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Product: ASDA 2 Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 19 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: ASDA 2 Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Product: LIDL Chef Select 2 Chicken and Mushroom Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: LIDL Chef Select 2 Minced Beef and Onion Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: Peter's Deli Cheese and Onion Pasty
Pack size: 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: Peter's Cheese and Onion Pasty
Pack size: 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: Peter's Premier Chicken and Bacon Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 21 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Product: Peter's Premier Chicken Tikka Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: Peter's Premier Chicken Tikka Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 21 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Product: Peter's Premier Sausage and Bean Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Product: Peter's Premier Steak Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
EL SEGUNDO, CA--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Financial Finesse, the nation's leading provider of unbiased financial coaching and guidance offered to employees as an employer-paid benefit, announced the release of its official guide defining workplace financial wellness and answering common questions for employers around how to implement programs that truly move the needle in employees' financial wellness.
Liz Davidson, CEO and founder of Financial Finesse, says the term "financial wellness" has grown in popularity with both employers and employees alike, citing Aon Hewitt's recent Hot Topics in Retirement and Financial Wellbeing study which finds that workplace financial wellness programs are rising to the top of the benefits priority list: 92 percent of employers plan to help their employees with financial issues in 2017, and 84 percent of employers believe that "it's the right thing to do".
But with this fast-paced growth, there has also been a lack of clarity around the term and how to vet credible providers among the myriad of companies marketing themselves as solutions for helping employees improve their financial security.
In a personal letter introducing her guide, Davidson writes about why now is a critical time to address the dangers of a growing list of firms that are selling financial products and services under the guise of financial wellness programs:
"To have the kind of national impact that we believe is necessary to reverse the trajectory of downward mobility and create future generations of financially healthy people who are able to weather any economic or political challenges, we must better define and protect financial wellness so other organizations can follow suit. We must ensure that all workforce financial wellness providers act in the best interest of employees by following an established set of standards, or we run the risk of this movement becoming a euphemism for financial services companies, payday lenders, high-interest rate purchasing programs, and others who want to rebrand themselves to gain back trust they have lost."
Davidson believes it's important for all industry providers to protect the term, financial wellness, since these programs have proven to be a powerful driver of improving employees' financial security. Per the firm's research, 89 percent of employees take at least one positive action step to improve their finances 30 days after participating in a program, with some of the most common changes being: reducing credit card debt; reviewing asset allocations in their retirement plans; and making changes to the way they are investing. The firm's recent ROI analysis also found that employees with higher financial wellness scores on the company's Financial Wellness Scale™ had lower levels of financial stress, better utilized their employer-sponsored benefits, and had higher retirement plan contribution rates.
To download the Guide, go to https://ffinesse.box.com/v/FinWellnessGuide. You can also download commonly asked questions and answers at https://ffinesse.box.com/v/FinWellnessFAQs and an infographic around how to determine if a program is a true financial wellness benefit at https://ffinesse.box.com/v/Fin-Wellness-Infographic.
About Financial Finesse
Financial Finesse is the leading provider of unbiased workplace financial wellness programs in the country, reaching over 2.4 million employees at 600 organizations with holistic financial coaching and guidance that helps employees improve their financial wellness. The firm's programs cover every area of financial planning -- from basic money management to advanced estate planning -- and cost employees nothing out of pocket, since they are fully paid for by their employers. Financial Finesse's programs are proven to change lives, provided through a variety of channels such as live workshops, webcasts, one-on-one financial counseling sessions and a financial helpline by CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ professionals who do not sell any financial products or manage assets. www.financialfinesse.com
Attachment Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/7/11G129562/Best_practices_infographic_FINAL-a55033dc0967b1b5879278b3934e5d68.pdf
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Enabling Joint Customers to Protect Mission Critical Data
FARNBOROUGH, UNITED KINGDOM and HAWTHORNE, NJ--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - QinetiQ's data security company Boldon James, the leading specialist provider of data classification and secure messaging solutions, and STEALTHbits Technologies, Inc., a leading cybersecurity company focused on protecting credentials and data, today announced the integration of STEALTHbits StealthAUDIT Management Platform for Data Access Governance with Boldon James Classifier data classification solution suite.
With STEALTHbits and Boldon James, customers will be able to discover, classify, and secure unstructured data spread across multiple repositories. STEALTHbits not only allows customers to collect and report upon documents not yet tagged by Boldon James, but discover and tag legacy data in bulk, ensuring all files are classified regardless of when they were created. This helps customers gain critical control over and insight into the location and security of their most sensitive data, significantly minimizing risks associated with data theft, loss, and inappropriate access. Boldon James Classifier allows users to classify files at the point of creation, meaning classification becomes a permanent fixture within each file's metadata.
"Delivering leading data access governance and protection capabilities with user-driven data classification at the core is a critical objective for our customers, particularly ahead of EU GDPR," said Martin Sugden, CEO at Boldon James. "This partnership with STEALTHbits adds significant value to our customers and strengthens our position as the partner of choice in data classification, offering the widest range of products and best-of-breed integrations with the leading technology vendors."
Adam Laub, Senior Vice President of Product Marketing, added, "We are thrilled to partner with Boldon James to offer our mutual customers the most complete end-to-end solution available for the discovery, classification, and control of unstructured data." Continued Laub, "The value this partnership brings to any organization's data security program is unparalleled, especially considering its applicability to gaps within DLP and IAM programs where a lack of insight into file classifications and entitlements have caused significant hurdles to success in the past."
About Boldon James
For over 30 years, Boldon James has been a leader in data classification and secure messaging solutions, helping organisations manage and protect sensitive information securely and in compliance with legislation and standards, in some of the most complex and demanding messaging environments in the world.
Boldon James Classifier empowers users, who create and handle data, to easily assign value to it in the form of visual and metadata labels. This is a key step in determining how the data is managed, protected and shared and fundamental to any organization's data security and management strategy. Critically, involving users in the classification process helps to foster a strong security culture that takes ownership for protecting sensitive data. Recently the company launched their latest product -- Mac Classifier -- becoming the first data classification vendor to extend capabilities to cover the Microsoft Office for Mac suite, including coverage for Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPoint.
Boldon James is a wholly-owned subsidiary of QinetiQ plc, with offices worldwide. www.boldonjames.com
About QinetiQ
A FTSE250 company, QinetiQ uses its world class knowledge, research and innovation to provide high-end technical expertise and advice, to customers in the global aerospace, defence and security markets. Visit the website at www.QinetiQ.com
About STEALTHbits Technologies
STEALTHbits Technologies is a cybersecurity software company focused on protecting an organization's credentials and sensitive information. By removing inappropriate data access, enforcing security policy, and detecting advanced threats, we reduce security risk, fulfill compliance requirements, and decrease operations expense.
Identify threats. Secure data. Reduce risk.
For more information, visit http://www.stealthbits.com, email sales@stealthbits.com, or call +1-201-447-9300.
The STEALTHbits logo and all other STEALTHbits product or service names and slogans are registered trademarks or trademarks of STEALTHbits Technologies, Inc. All other trademarks and registered trademarks are property of their respective owners.
MIAMI COUNTY — As the opioid epidemic hit and communities worked to respond to the crisis, the county's churches and faith-based groups stepped in to help fill the gaps.
In Miami County, churches and other faith-based agencies offer counseling for those struggling with addiction, support groups for families and housing for those seeking recovery assistance.
In some ways, those groups have been able to provide things other agencies could not, said Thom Grimm, executive director of the Miami County Recovery Council — most critically, a community that can offer support during recovery.
“One of the key parts of successful recovery from addiction is what the person's relationships become post-crisis,” Grimm said. “Once the person has successfully gotten through withdrawal and gotten stabilized and gotten some treatment… oftentimes, another key part is where are you living and who's around you? I think a lot of our folks are really finding a welcoming atmosphere in the faith-based organizations.”
Grimm said that he has been very pleased by how the community has responded to the opioid crisis, adding, “An important element of that is the faith-based community.”
“For us, it's probably been an untapped resource in terms of support until these last couple of years. I think everybody has been trying to do the best they can, just trying to respond to the crisis,” he said. “This whole epidemic has touched a lot of parts of the community and people just didn't know what to do. People wanted to help… Once it got sort of organized and mobilized, people were glad to help out.”
The county's churches came together in a big way during the first Hope Over Heroin event held in Miami County in 2016, lawyer and member of the Miami County Drug-Free Coalition Steve Justice recalled. The second Hope Over Heroin event was held in Piqua last year.
More than 40 churches teamed up for the event, which featured testimonies from those who have battled addiction and introduced the community to the range of social services available in Miami County.
“There was preaching, there was a lot of loud music — it tended to attract people. And it went well,” Justice said.
Rebecca Sousek, executive director of Piqua Compassion Network, described the Hope Over Heroin event as a catalyst for partnership between the network and other agencies. “That's when we started talking with (Piqua Police) Chief (Bruce) Jamison,” she said.
The networks work with HEART, which was formed to help break down barriers to treatment and is made up of local law enforcement, recovery specialists and others who meet with those seeking addiction treatment.
Piqua Compassion Network, a faith-based, mostly volunteer organization, works with Piqua area churches to provide addiction resources. Those resources include the Celebrate Recovery program, which is open to those dealing with addiction and their loved ones.
“Every Thursday night, we have a recovery-based meeting, very similar to the 12-step program, only it is more faith-based. And it's open to everybody; you don't have to have a faith to come,” she said. “We are getting anywhere from 25-30 people every Thursday night.”
The network also helps with basic needs assistance, education and employment to “help people get back onto a path of stability in their lives,” Sousek added.
“Usually, a person recovering has got so many other issues and if we can help with a utility bill — you know, we have a lot of people who are coming out of jail and need a fresh start. There are employers willing to give them a fresh start. They may need a tank of gas, a first paycheck, or if they need a pair of work boots, we can provide that for people,” she said. “We even have people coming out of recovery who have lost their birth certificates and they need that for an ID to get a job. You don't realize what people are faced with.”
Miami County's churches have been an integral part of the Miami County Drug-Free Coalition's efforts to battle addiction, Justice said. When the coalition formed, Justice, a founding member, wanted to ensure the county's churches had a seat at the table.
In its early days, members sat down together to identify “gaps in care,” he recalled. The first major gap identified was the lack of a detox facility in Miami County.
Justice explained that most hospitals won't admit a person who has overdosed unless they have some other medical complication, and that jail was the only place most people could detox.
To address that need, Hope House was opened in January 2017 as a safe detox center for men. When the property was acquired, churches rallied to renovate it, Justice said. Churches like Ginghamsburg Church and Upper Room provided help renovating the building, and New Path Ministries provided furniture through their home furnishing donation program.
Hope House is now open to men and women.
“All of that work on Hope House was done through churches, period,” Justice said.
The coalition identified another gap: there was nowhere in the county for men to go after detox. The coalition worked with Joshua House, a faith-based recovery program with several houses in Montgomery County, to open a facility in Troy. Miami House offers a recovery home for women in the area.
Justice pointed to the county's declining overdose rate as evidence of the positive impact the coalition has had on the county.
“We have seen some dramatic changes in the last year in terms of overdoses in Miami County,” he said. “We had slightly over 100 in January 2017 and it's gone down since then. For about the last six or seven months, we've had about 30-40 a month, which is the level we were at in 2014.”
http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/05/web1_cross.jpg http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/05/web1_opioid-logo-ohio.jpg
By Cecilia Fox cfox@troydailynews.com
Reach Cecilia Fox at cfox@troydailynews.com.
Reach Cecilia Fox at cfox@troydailynews.com.
THE HSE Mid-West has contacted the parents of more than 40 children who may have been affected after a drain cleaning product was used in water at a dental clinic.
The HSE Mid-West Community Healthcare said it was “currently in contact with the parents of up to 43 children to establish if they were affected by an apparent problem at the HSE Dental Clinic in Bindon Street, Ennis”.
It said “early indications, yet to be confirmed, suggest that a drain cleaning product got mixed with the water used during treatment when normally the water would be mixed with an approved dental product”.
The incident is believed that have occurred in five of the six dental surgeries currently in operation at the Ennis clinic on Wednesday and continued until it was detected on Thursday. The HSE said it was a “regrettable and unfortunate” incident.
The surgeries are closed this Friday “for corrective action”, the HSE said, and it is hoped they will be back in operation by Monday afternoon or Tuesday morning.
HSE Mid-West Chief Officer Bernard Gloster said the incident was “so regrettable and unfortunate. I want to apologise for any concern or upset caused to the children and their families.
“We are taking all of the necessary steps to ensure they are supported and have adequate information. We will be conducting a full review to establish all of the facts. I am grateful to all of our management staff and clinicians who worked very hard late into last night to respond to this incident,” he added.
Flying a drone while drunk doesn't sound like a good idea, and that's because it's not. Piloting a heavy object with rapidly spinning propellers needs to be done with due care and attention to reduce the chances of an accident or incident taking place, whether it involves an innocent member of the public, the pilot themselves, or even the U.S. president.
With the remotely controlled copters set to be a big hit with consumers this holiday season, there's going to be thousands of new drone taking to the skies before the end of the year. In response, New Jersey lawmakers are moving ahead with a state law that would make it a criminal offense to fly a drone under the influence of drink or drugs, NorthJersey.com reported.
The bipartisan bill, which has cleared two legislative committees though still requires a final vote, could be signed into law by the end of January 2018 and comes as 38 other U.S. states consider a similar ban.
The law will mean that flying a drone drunk could land the pilot with a six-month prison sentence, a $1,000 fine, or both, depending on the specifics of the incident.
One of the bill's sponsors, Democratic Assemblywoman Annette Quijano, said in a statement that drones are becoming “increasingly disruptive, causing near-misses with airplanes, interfering with firefighter operations, and being used to smuggle drugs and other contraband into prisons.”
Quijano added, “This bill sets specific guidelines for how New Jersey's residents are able to utilize these devices to establish some order and help prevent these dangerous situations.”
Interfering with firefighters or the security of prisons, considered a more serious offense than drunk droning, could result in an 18-month jail sentence or a $10,000 fine.
We don't hear too many stories of inebriated drone pilots taking their bird for a spin, though you might recall a high-profile incident at the White House in 2015. According to reports, an off-duty and rather drunk government intelligence agency worker decided that 3 a.m. would be a good time to fly a Phantom 4 quadcopter from the balcony of a friend's apartment. But unable to control the machine, it crashed right on the lawn of the White House, causing a security scare in the process.
This holiday season is set to see millions of new quadcopters taking to the skies, though hopefully the festive drinking, if there is any, will begin once the drone has landed safely back on terra firma.
Report: Uber Paid Off Hacker To Destroy Stolen User Data
Uber paid $100,000 to a 20-year-old Florida man responsible for the recently disclosed data breach that compromised the personal information of 57 million riders and drivers in 2016, multiple sources told Reuters.
Three people familiar with the incident said an unidentified Florida man contacted Uber after breaching a server in October and stealing information including the names and email addresses of ride-share users in the U.S. and abroad, Reuters reported Wednesday.
The culprit's message was forwarded to Uber's "bug bounty" team and ultimately made its way to HackerOne, a third party company that awards researchers for revealing security flaws in clients' products.
HackerOne subsequently paid the person $100,000 in exchange for erasing the stole Uber data, the sources told Reuters.
Uber announced Nov. 21 that hackers breached a third-party server last year and stole the names and email addresses of 57 million users, among other personal information.
"At the time of the incident, we took immediate steps to secure the data and shut down further unauthorized access by the individuals," Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi said in the announcement. "We subsequently identified the individuals and obtained assurances that the downloaded data had been destroyed. We also implemented security measures to restrict access to and strengthen controls on our cloud-based storage accounts."
Mr. Khosrowshahi learned of the incident after becoming Uber's chief executive in August, and he's since terminated two employees implicated in its response,Joe Sullivan, Uber's former head of security, and a deputy, attorney Craig Clark.
Another three members of Uber's security subsequently resigned from their roles last week.
Reuters didn't identify the Florida hacker by name, but a source described him as "living with his mom in a small home trying to help pay the bills."
Uber declined to pursue criminal charges after determining that the person didn't pose an additional threat and eventually paid the hacker after confirming their identity and making them sign a nondisclosure agreement, Reuters reported.
"In all cases when a bug bounty award is processed through HackerOne, we receive identifying information of the recipient in the form of an IRS W-9 or W-8BEN form before payment of the award can be made," HackerOne CEO Marten Mickos told Reuters.
Uber spokesman Matt Kallman declined to comment, the report said.
Uber has come under fire since disclosing the data breach last month more than a year after the fact, and the incident is currently being reviewed by state and federal regulators in the U.S. and abroad.
Sen. Bill Nelson, Florida Democrat, cited Uber's delayed admission while reintroducing legislation last week that carries prison time for corporate executives caught deliberately concealing data breaches such as the October 2016 incident.
"We need a strong federal law in place to hold companies truly accountable for failing to safeguard data or inform consumers when that information has been stolen by hackers," Mr. Nelson said in a statement. "Congress can either take action now to pass this long overdue bill or continue to kowtow to special interests who stand in the way of this commonsense proposal. When it comes to doing what's best for consumers, the choice is clear."
© 2017 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image copyright PA Image caption The wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle had crowds in excess of 100,000 people
A police commissioner has said he plans to apply for "special funding" to cover the cost of policing the royal wedding.
Anthony Stansfeld said they could claim for cash from the Home Office if the bill comes to over 1% of the Thames Valley force's £405m annual budget.
He admitted it would take "a long time" to finalise the exact cost of Duke and Duchess of Sussex's big day, but suggested it was "between £2m and £4m".
He said having to "carry" a bill of up to £4m was "not entirely satisfactory".
The police and crime commissioner (PCC) told the BBC the cost was currently "well below" the £4m required to make a claim.
However, he said the costs of "other major national events" coming up in the force's area this year could be merged to get funding from the special grant.
The Home Office says PCCs can apply for special grant funding to meet additional costs that would be incurred from "policing unexpected and exceptional events within their areas".
Image copyright TVP Image caption Up to 100,000 well-wishers lined the route as the duke and duchess travelled through Windsor
Policing minister Nick Hurd said no application for funding in respect of the wedding had so far been received.
"The cost really was a lot of people [officers] had their leave cancelled and will take it at other times," Mr Stansfeld said.
"Those sorts of things, there is not a direct cost but there were direct costs."
The wedding saw crowds in excess of 100,000 people.
The Metropolitan Police spent £6.35m on security for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's wedding in 2011.
Royal Ascot, Henley Regatta and the wedding of Princess Eugenie to Jack Brooksbank in St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle are some of the events that will be policed by Thames Valley Police this year.
Rani Mukerji Would Love To Star With The Khans All Over Again!
"I'd love to do a film with them again; because my learning, right from the beginning of my career, has been through them. I respect them immensely and for who they are today."
Pure Talent Maintained Their Stardom
"It's not normal to maintain their stardom for so many years. There definitely has to be something in them which is why they are ruling even today," said Rani Mukerji.
SRK, Salman & Aamir Are Special!
"There's something special about Shahrukh, Salman and Aamir and nobody can deny that. More than that, the fact that they are so sincere towards their craft and their work; which is something you have to learn."
Learning With The Best
"As an actor, it's not about working with a co-star. It is about what all you take back working with them. And I've learnt a lot working with the Khans," Rani Mukerji summed it up.
On The Work Front
Rani Mukerji is gearing up for the release of her upcoming film Hichki, where she plays the role of a school teacher who suffers from Tourette Syndrome. The film is all set to hit the theatres on March 23, 2018.
The Private Label Manufacturers Association's (PLMA) 2017 Private Label Trade Show will take place Nov. 12 through Nov. 14 at the Donald E. Stephens Convention Center in Rosemont, Ill. This year's trade show is expected to set new records for size and attendance.
PLMA's informative Sunday Seminar Program will make a return on the afternoon of Nov. 12. The seminars will examine the likely implications from the realignment of the online and brick-and-mortar retailing spheres, PLMA said, as well as the new battle for retailing dominance from the value end of the market. That evening, attendees and exhibitors will enjoy a lively opening night reception.
The trade show floor will open on Nov. 13. Visitors will find more than 2,700 exhibit booths showcasing store brand product concepts in a wide variety of categories, including shelf-stable, fresh, refrigerated and frozen foods and beverages, PLMA said. In addition to U.S. exhibitors, the show will feature hundreds of international exhibitors showcasing product concepts from Canada, Mexico, Italy, France, Spain, Denmark, Germany, Belgium, the Netherlands, Greece, Turkey, Israel, South Korea, Vietnam, China, Taiwan, Ecuador, Peru, Colombia, Chile and Brazil.
Returning for this year's show will be the popular Idea Supermarket, which showcases store brand programs, products and packaging from more than 50 leading retailers across North America, Europe, Asia and Latin America. PLMA's New Product Expo, meanwhile, will put a spotlight on the newest products and marketing concepts being featured to help the 5,000-plus retail-buyer
attendees navigate the show.
PLMA said this year's keynote speaker will be Judith Spires, president and CEO of Parsippany, N.J.-based Kings Super Markets Inc. She will address the important role independent chains continue to play in U.S. grocery retailing during the Opening Breakfast on Nov. 13.
The Retail Trends Breakfast on Nov. 14, meanwhile, will feature a presentation from Mike Paglia, director of insights for Kantar Retail. Paglia is one of the industry's leading experts on Lidl, Aldi and the discount retail sector, PLMA noted.
For more information about attending or exhibiting at the show, call PLMA at 212-972-3131, email the association at info@plma.com or visit www.plma.com.
Three people have been arrested in a deadly shooting at an off-Strip Motel 6 last month, police said.
Police said the two men and a woman planned to rob the victim, identified as 38-year-old Tommie Burnside, Jr., when he was killed on April 9.
[RELATED: Victim identified after fatal shooting at Motel 6 near Las Vegas Strip]
Melissa Espinoza, 28, checked into the Motel 6 near Dean Martin Drive and Tropicana Avenue on April 4, according to police records. Five days later, she, two men and a juvenile witness were seen on video surveillance making multiple trips to and from the motel.
About 9 p.m., police said Espinoza and the two men, 23-year-old Nicholas Johnson and 18-year-old Damari Humphrey, met with another man on the property. They appeared to have a “lengthy conversation.”
Within the hour, the two men went to Burnside's room where they said Johnson and Humphrey rushed in and a struggle occurred. Witnesses told police Johnson shot Burnside at least once, according to a Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department warrant.
Burnside was taken to University Medical Center and later died of his injuries.
After the shooting, police connected a light-colored Lincoln Navigator to Espinoza. The vehicle was tracked by an active GPS device and was located the next day at Espinoza's boyfriend's home. The juvenile witness, who police did not identify, was seen in the vehicle before it left the area.
Detectives were contacted by Espinoza on April 11, police records show. She was told police wanted to speak with her, however she fled the state that night.
Espinoza's vehicle was located by Los Angeles police the next morning, east of Pasadena. Espinoza was taken into custody on an unrelated warrant and the juvenile witness was taken into custody as she was listed as missing.
While in custody at a children and family services facility, the juvenile witness gave a statement to a counselor, then to police. She identified Johnson and Humphrey as “Scooby” and “Poppa Cee,” respectively, both allegedly members of the Rolling 60's Crip gang.
She told police Burnside and his brother, identified by police as Jo T. or “Loco,” were trying to recruit her and Espinoza as street prostitutes. During a conversation, one of the brothers showed them a large amount of money.
Hours before the murder, the group decided to rob one or both of the Burnside brothers, police said. During the fight, the witness said, Johnson beat Burnside with the hand holding a gun, then when he was on the ground, Johnson shot him multiple times.
Espinoza, the witness and the two men fled on Dean Martin Drive after the shooting, driving against traffic due to construction, the witness told police.
She said no money was recovered from the robbery. In custody in California, Espinoza told police that there was no plan to kill Burnside.
Espinoza, Johnson and Humphrey made an initial appearance in court last week and will face a preliminary hearing in Las Vegas on June 6. All three face the charges of conspiracy to commit robbery, attempted robbery and murder.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON, DC--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - NeighborWorks America announced today that in 2016, members of the NeighborWorks network leveraged more than $3.1 billion of investment in rural communities, serving a diverse cross-section of residents including current service members and veterans, and seniors. At the same time, the organization said that a paper it commissioned calls on the philanthropic, business, nonprofit and government sectors to establish new partnerships and investments to increase jobs and set the foundation for broad-based economic growth and larger investments in rural America to fight persistent poverty.
The paper, "Turning the Tide on Persistent Rural Poverty," uses analysis and observations from four rural regions of the United States (Colonias, Appalachia, Indian country and the Delta) and will be released on April 18 in Memphis, Tenn., at the first-ever national meeting on rural poverty and economic development organized by NeighborWorks America. The paper specifically calls on business, government and philanthropy to increase the supply of:
consumer banking services and partnerships with Community Development Financial Institutions in rural markets,
21 st century broadband connections, training and equipment more deeply into rural communities, and
century broadband connections, training and equipment more deeply into rural communities, and commercial lending to grow small businesses and encourage local entrepreneurship.
More than 150 senior leaders from the business, nonprofit, philanthropic and government sectors are expected to participate in the three-day meeting.
"We are excited by the economic impact the NeighborWorks network is having in rural communities across the country, but we know that more is needed and can be done" said Paul Weech, president and CEO of NeighborWorks America. "This new paper contains straight-forward recommendations that will contribute to significant economic and community improvement."
Although national economic growth has been positive for several years, according to data from the U.S. Department of Agriculture, employment in non-metro (rural) areas of the country was still below 2007 levels at the middle of 2016. Conversely, metro (urban) employment was nearly five percentage points higher than the level in 2007.
The paper was developed with input from NeighborWorks network members and other community-based nonprofit organizations that work every day with residents to improve the economic conditions in rural communities. The organizations identified resident engagement as a necessary condition for any economic development strategy to foster lasting economic opportunity.
The NeighborWorks America national meeting, Hope in the Delta: Turning the Tide on Persistent Rural Poverty, is supported by Wells Fargo Housing Foundation, Tennessee Housing Development Agency, Fannie Mae, NeighborWorks Capital, Freddie Mac, Regions Bank, and the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA).
About NeighborWorks America
For more than 35 years, NeighborWorks America, a national, nonpartisan nonprofit, has created opportunities for people to improve their lives and strengthen their communities by providing access to homeownership and to safe and affordable rental housing. In the last five years, NeighborWorks organizations have generated more than $27.2 billion in reinvestment in these communities. NeighborWorks America is the nation's leading trainer of community development and affordable housing professionals.
Attachment Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G135965/NWinRuralAmerica-Final_dr-0d7a550684788cca8888d5527804eb24.pdf
TVC NEWS A gunman opened fire on New Year revelers at a packed nightclub on the shores of Istanbul's Bosphorus waterway on Sunday killing at least 39 people, including many foreigners, then fled the scene.
Some people jumped into the Bosphorus to save themselves after the attacker began shooting at random in the Reina nightclub just over an hour into the new year. Witnesses described diving under tables as the assailant walked around spraying bullets from an automatic rifle.
The attack shook NATO member Turkey as it tries to recover from a failed July coup and a series of deadly bombings in cities including Istanbul and the capital Ankara, some blamed on Islamic State and others claimed by Kurdish militants.
Security services had been on alert across Europe for new year celebrations following an attack on a Christmas market in Berlin that killed 12 people. Only days ago, an online message from a pro-Islamic State group called for attacks by “lone wolves” on “celebrations, gatherings and clubs”.
“At first we thought some men were fighting with each other,” said a Lebanese woman who gave her name as Hadeel and who was in the club with her husband and a friend. “Then we heard the sound of the gunfire and ducked under the tables.
“We heard the guy screaming Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest), all three of us heard that … We heard his footsteps crushing the broken glass,” she told Reuters. “We got out through the kitchen, there was blood everywhere and bodies.”
Officials spoke of a single attacker, a “lone wolf” in the parlance of Islamic State, but some reports citing witnesses including on social media suggested there may have been several.
The incident bore echoes of an attack by militant Islamists on Paris's Bataclan music hall in November 2015 that, along with assaults on bars and restaurants, killed 130 people.
Nationals of Saudi Arabia, Morocco, Lebanon, Libya, Israel, a Turkish-Belgian dual citizen and a Franco-Tunisian woman were among those killed, officials said. Saudi newspaper al-Riyadh said five of the dead were from Saudi Arabia.
France said three of its citizens were wounded.
A massive security operation unfolded to track down the fugitive assailant or assailants and any conspirators.
Turkish Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu said 15 or 16 of those killed at Reina were foreigners but only 21 bodies had so far been identified. He told reporters 69 people were in hospital, four of them in critical condition.
The post Gunman kills 39 in Istanbul nightclub, manhunt under way appeared first on TVCNews: Latest African breaking news, politics, business and sports.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Governor Brian Sandoval appointed Sandra Douglass Morgan to the Nevada Gaming Commission Friday.
According to a statement released from the governor's office, her tenure was scheduled to become effective Saturday, April 28, 2018.
“Sandra has done exemplary work on the Athletic Commission and with her legal experience and expertise, I am confident she will be a strong voice on the Gaming Commission,” Gov. Sandoval said. “I am pleased to appoint Sandra to this position and I thank her for her continued service to our state.”
A Las Vegas native, Morgan recently served as the City Attorney for the City of North Las Vegas. Prior to her public service with the City, she served as Litigation Attorney for MGM Mirage.
She currently serves on the Board of Directors for Jobs for Nevada's Graduates.
“I am incredibly honored and grateful to be selected to serve on a Commission that has helped shape Nevada's history,” Morgan said. "I hope to continue the legacy of ensuring that our great state remains the leader in gaming policy.”
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
If Travis Stork has learned anything, it's that sometimes you just have to leap.
Twenty-five years ago, the host of "The Doctors" didn't even know he wanted to be a doctor — let alone that he would end up on TV as "The Bachelor" and become one of television's best-known doctors.
"To say I had zero intention of ever being in front of a camera would be an overstatement," he says.
Stork was working as an actuarial consultant after college when he volunteered at a medical clinic and found his true calling for medicine. His calling to TV came later — he was discovered after an ER shift by producers who were auditioning potential bachelorettes nearby.
"I literally went to dinner and then a month later I was in Paris in a castle as the Bachelor," he says. "It happened so quickly that I think the lesson I learned in that is sometimes you just have to take chances in life. … If you want your life to be an adventure, it can be."
More than a decade later, and single again, Stork is in season 9 of hosting "The Doctors," with a new book out, "The Lose Your Belly Diet: Change Your Gut, Change Your Life." He reflected on his path with NBC News' BETTER. Here he is in his own words:
An Unlikely Sex Symbol
My nickname when I was growin' up was Stork the Dork. And I was really small and sickly. ... I grew a foot in I think less than a year. So I was the small little guy, the smallest guy in the class, and then one day I grew like a beanstalk. And now I'm almost 6'4". ... I tell kids all the time, "Find something you're passionate about, do it with reckless abandon and don't worry about what the cool people are doing." Because the cool people, usually deep down, are incredibly insecure.
Finding His Passion
I volunteered at a medical clinic in D.C. and I realized that I was missing something: the interpersonal interaction, that connection that you have with other humans. And so a few years after college I went back and did all of my post-baccalaureate classes while I was working during the day. And next thing you know, I'm in medical school. So that journey alone was the one I'm the most proud of, because I had a career set out in front of me, working for a great consulting firm. … And I took a leap of faith.
On Being 'The Bachelor'
I wasn't necessarily comfortable doing it, to be completely frank. I'd never spent time in front of the camera. But I learned a lot about myself, which is it's one thing to take care of patients and get in your comfort zone. It's another to go outside that comfort zone. And so I think with that experience I learned how to get outside my own comfort zone.
Coming Back to Earth
I didn't want to go back on TV after "The Bachelor." I, quite frankly, moved to the mountains of Colorado and just practiced emergency medicine in Denver in the mountains and was quite happy. … Not that the experience was bad, but I just wasn't used to losing my anonymity. And I'd struggled with that quite a bit, because you have people judging you that don't know you. … I mean there were years there where I didn't even really like to go have dinner, because everyone could call me the Bachelor. I was like, "No, no, no, no. That was a few weeks of my life. This is who I really am."
Embracing Himself - And an Audience
I think hosting "The Doctors" has allowed me to just be myself. ... I've gotten to the point where I'm so comfortable in my own skin now, turning 45 next month and this is now who I am. … I've learned you have to accept yourself and the things you're good at, bad at. And if you embrace and accept your authentic self, it's really hard to go wrong in life.
On Regrets
You know, looking back I'm a little disappointed that I didn't do more hot tub scenes on "The Bachelor." ... I'm just kidding. I'm kidding. … I don't really have any major regrets in life. I certainly regret, you know, a few things that you've done here and there. But honestly I try to live my life where if I don't do something to the best of my ability it's not because I didn't put forth my best effort. So a failure would be if I didn't try.
On Dealing With Chaos in the E.R. And Life
I learned very early on, just take one deep breath. Collect your thoughts. What do you want to do? Because it doesn't do you any good to frantically do something for five minutes when you could take a two- to three-second deep breath and do what you need to do in 15 seconds.
On His Mission
The great thing is that if it all ended tomorrow, I'd be completely satisfied. I feel really good about the evolution of our show and over the last five years or so... we're finally seeing culturally a shift. People are becoming aware of, "OK, the foods we eat. This may be leading to illness. OK, these common concepts that Dr. Travis talks about, food is medicine," these things are actually becoming fairly commonplace. And 10 years ago, people got sick, they went to the hospital, they would take medicines. Now people are a lot more proactive and preventative when it comes to healthcare. And I'd like to believe that our show played some role in that.
Drop an F-bomb, drop some weight.
That's per a recent presentation to a conference organized by the British Psychological Society. Keele University psychologist Richard Stephens organized two groups of participants, who were told to pedal vigorously on an exercise bike for 30 seconds and perform a hand-grip test respectively. Each group was asked to carry out the activity once while repeating a swear word in “an even tone,” and another time uttering a neutral phrase like “wooden or “brown.”
The results are fodder for potty mouths everywhere. Bikers who cursed found that their peak power rose on average by 24 watts, while those who were testing their grip found that their strength rose by 4.6 pounds. That comes as no surprise to psychologists, or indeed anybody who's grunted and cursed on a treadmill.
Still, Stephens was intrigued that swearing didn't lead to the subject's heart rate or blood pressure rising, as some would have expected. “Quite why it is that swearing has these effects on strength and pain tolerance remains to be discovered,” he told the Guardian of London. “I think people instinctively reach for swearwords when they hurt themselves and when they're looking for an extra boost in performance.”
The latest presentation riffs off past work done by Stephens, in which he found that cursing while dipping your hand into ice cold water increases your pain tolerance.
Flooded streets in Regent near Freetown, on Aug. 14, 2017. AFP – Getty Images
The death toll is expected to rise as more bodies are recovered, Red Cross spokesman Abu Bakarr Tarawallie said.
“It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble,” Foh said the mountain town of Regent. He said a number of illegal buildings had been erected in the area.
“The disaster is so serious that I myself feel broken,” he said. “We're trying to cordon the area. Evacuate the people.”
Mudslides and floods are fairly common during the rainy season in West Africa, where deforestation and poor town planning has put residents at risk.
Already have an account?
Choose from 3 subscription plans to access.
You can cancel anytime.
Ethiopian Airlines announced (12-Aug-2017) the refurbishment of its Boeing 767-300ER fleet with new full flat seats, IFE system with 17in screens and in seat power, new lighting and cabin products in business class and new seats and IFE streaming to passengers' devices in economy class. The carrier invested more than USD6 million in the retrofit, which will be complete by Dec-2017. The airline operates the aircraft to destinations in Africa, India and the Middle East. [more - original PR]
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
2:03 Steve Smith hosts annual Lace Up Son Family 5K
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
3:38 We'll be there
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
0:23 Weddington Warriors are 3AA champions
Photo of Jon Ossoff by Joe Raedle/Getty Images
MILLIONS HAVE FLOWED INTO GEORGIA'S 6th Congressional District in the weeks approaching Tuesday's special election to fill Tom Price's seat, as the race becomes a clue to how post-Trump midterm elections might go next year. The biggest draw for that money has been Jon Ossoff, a 30-year-old Democrat who is attempting to turn the district blue for the first time since Newt Gingrich began a nearly 40-year GOP run. Ossoff's campaign has attracted more than $8 million in contributions; the majority of that total has come from outside of Georgia.
Meanwhile, the Congressional Leadership Fund—a Washington-based super PAC aimed at supporting GOP House candidates, and whose donors have included casino billionaire and Las Vegas Review-Journal owner Sheldon Adelson—has sunk $2.2 million into attacking Ossoff. One digital ad employs a quote ripped from its context—a 2011 American Journalism Review article—to point out that Ossoff oversees a documentary film company that has worked for Al Jazeera. The ad deploys the quote, which says Al Jazeera has been called “a mouthpiece for terrorists,” then asks about Ossoff, “How can we trust him?”
The cost for distributing the ad is not clear. Calls to Strategic Media Services, listed on National Association of Broadcaster forms as an ad buyer on the Congressional Leadership Fund's behalf, did not respond to repeated requests for comment. The fund also did not return requests for comment.
The ad is a direct appeal to voters using the inflammatory, often hysterical ‘media criticism' language that has become commonplace.
The ad's rhetorical move is “a misleading transitive property,” says Ossoff campaign manager Keenan Pontoni. “What the ad is really trying to do is to tie Jon to Al Jazeera, and Al Jazeera to terrorism, and … then to tie Jon to terrorism.” The ad has drawn attention for being “mostly false,” according to PolitiFact, and for perpetuating a longstanding anti-Muslim bias against the news organization, as former Al Jazeera America staffer E. Tammy Kim wrote in The New Yorker.
Sign up for weekly emails from the United States Project
The ad is particularly interesting as a smear tactic employed in a high-stakes election—a direct appeal to voters using the inflammatory, often hysterical “media criticism” language that has become commonplace since the presidential campaigns. With this ad, “you have two boogeymen,” says Erik Nisbet, communication professor at Ohio State University. “You have a twofer—the media, who ‘can't be trusted,' and Muslims.”
Several decades ago, it was common to critique foreign media for their biased coverage of US foreign policy, says Nisbet. Then Fox News helped establish the lexicon for criticizing much of the mainstream media for its liberal bias. Now, the average citizen feels in the right saying that all media, especially larger outlets, are somehow tainted.
But the spot is built on sleight of hand, starting with the “deceptive use of the citation,” notes Jay Hamilton, head of the entertainment and media studies department at the University of Georgia's Grady College of Journalism and Mass Communication. Not only is the line, “mouthpiece for terrorists” taken out of context, it is followed by the name of the journal where it appeared, the American Journalism Review. This “makes it look like the publication, a respected media criticism journal, is making the claim,” says Hamilton.
‘If one of my graduate students did that in class, I would fail them.'
The truth is that the 8,000-word story thoroughly examines the methods that the Emir of Qatar-owned organization used for newsgathering at its dozens of bureaus, in multiple languages. It also surveys a wide range of people for commentary about the organization, much of which was laudatory.
“If one of my graduate students did that in class,” says Hamilton of the ad's citation, “I would fail them.”
Citizens should have similar criteria for evaluating media methods and results, says Dave Marash, a television reporter who has worked with the three major networks, ABC News' Nightline and Al Jazeera English in a career spanning more than 50 years. “When they look at news on TV,” he says, “they should ask themselves: ‘Was there on-the-ground reporting? Was the coverage broad enough in concept to deliver a fair rendering of what's being covered, and to cover a spectrum of views?'”
Such criteria are “the qualities that distinguish Al Jazeera … [and are] the essence of trustworthy journalism,” says Marash, who now hosts a radio show and podcast on events in the news. He also noted that the news organization's Arabic language broadcasts are often “politicized,” more so now than, say, 10 years ago, but that the English-language channel “remains consistently high-quality … [and is] no more politically idiosyncratic than any comparable channel [in the U.S.].”
Still, says Marash, “the primary responsibility is on the viewers” to make such distinctions.
Leaving voters to parse the content of misleading ads by themselves may not be the best approach. Political scientist and former CJR correspondent Brendan Nyhan argued that a misleading claim is “always a newsworthy act,” and one that should compel reporters to action, regardless of “the marketplace or the people they cover.”
Hamilton, at the Grady College of Journalism, says Atlanta-area news outlets could have unpacked the claims made by the ad, promoting media literacy for voters at a time when mistrust is the currency of the day. “It's a missed opportunity,” he says.
Dan Kennedy, associate journalism professor at Northeastern University and author of the “Media Nation” blog, says that he was skeptical about local news programs airing such a piece. “Maybe they would think viewers would find it boring,” he says.
Frank Volpicella, news director at WGCL, the local CBS affiliate, tells CJR that “it's important to fact-check campaign ads.” However, he says analyzing the ad against Ossoff “is a little bit more cerebral” than the typical evening news story, and may be “more appropriate for Sunday morning political news shows, or a panel discussion.”
Greg Bluestein, political reporter at the Atlanta Journal-Constitution, has written about the Al Jazeera ad several times, including to report on the recent PolitiFact rating, and to remind readers of the 2002 Senate race, when Republican Saxby Chambliss employed an image of Osama bin Laden in an attack on Democratic incumbent Max Cleland.
Political writer Jim Galloway wrote a fine column that ran three days before the election and examined Ossoff's work and Al Jazeera. Galloway's column refers to the ad content as “a slander,” and runs below a headline that reads, “Jon Ossoff and Al Jazeera: The Truth is Far More Interesting.” The column also included the candidate's opinion on his best documentary work to date: “a film on sexual slavery in Iraq and the women who have taken up arms to fight ISIS, commissioned by the BBC3.”
Nonetheless, the AJC's Bluestein notes that the millions aimed at the campaigns had bought at least 50 different ads. Atlanta's main daily had one columnist and one reporter to cover “a race that is one of the biggest in the nation.”
Pontoni, Ossoff's campaign manager, praises local organizations for their efforts in covering a race that has been increasingly under the glare of national news media. “There's a big difference between what media outlets are attempting to do and super PAC sources, [to] which Citizens United gave unlimited power to spread misinformation and attack candidates,” he says.
He pointed out that Ossoff's documentary work has “focused on exposing corrupt acts, and exposed atrocities committed by ISIS.” The website for Ossoff's film company mentions a series of documentaries made by African reporters in partnership with Al Jazeera English, starting in 2010.
“Voters are getting a lot of information from unreliable sources,” says Pontoni. “We're in a dangerous place where people are increasingly unsure of what to trust.”
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Timothy Pratt is a journalist based in the Atlanta area. He has written for The New York Times, The Economist, The Guardian, and many other publications. He also lived in Las Vegas and worked for the Las Vegas Sun from 2001-2009.
Adobe Premiere Pro has an unbelievably advanced set of keyboard shortcuts but many of those are unassigned. One of my favorites is the ability to move track patching and track selections up and down via a keyboard shortcut.
These shortcuts to Move All Video and Audio Source and Targets Down and Up are not mapped anywhere by default. My mappings are above. Since track patching and selection can involve a lot of mousing I highly recommend you map these somewhere useful.
But better than that and something that Adobe Premiere Pro has that Avid Media Composer does not is the ability to same the source patching and assign those to a keyboard shortcut. This is so very useful when you're doing a lot of sequence to sequence editing.
Right+clicking in the source patch side of the timeline patch bay and you can see the Default Source Assignment options and a way to save those as presets. What I've got here are several that I have saved as well as the shortcuts that I have saved them to, in this case the number keypad. The top one is audio only patching without video for audio tracks 1 – 6 for example. I tend to change these several times in a lengthy edit.
Managing presets brings up this box that lets you see the presets you've saved and which preset you've assigned to a particular keyboard shortcut.
The real power in the source assignment presets comes when you map those to the keyboard. Open the keyboard shortcuts editor and search for “source ass” and you'll see the preset options ready to be mapped to keyboard shortcuts. Takes special note of Default Source Assignement and map that one first. That will return the source patching to the default and is useful all the time when you're working with complex patching arrangements.
Have your own editing and post-production related QuickTip for #28daysofQuickTips 2018 that you'd like to share? Know a killer Adobe Premiere Pro, Final Cut Pro X, Avid Media Composer or DaVinci Resolve tip that no one else knows? Want to possibly win a prize? Then click over to the post announcing this year's #28daysofQuickTips and find out how you can send in your own QuickTip.
Was This Post Helpful:
Read E-Editions: Subscribe today!
Click Here
or log in to your account:
Username or Email
Password
Remember Me
Lost your password?
← Back to The Apopka Chief Newspaper
Featured Photo Gallery | See ABOVE PICTURE CAPTIONS: (A.) Organizers of the Get off the Grid Fest Sustainability Fair recently joined the Fannin ...
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today
OAKLAND – For the second time in 10 days, A.J. Griffin took the measure of his old team, pitching the Texas Rangers to a 7-0 win over the A's Monday at the Coliseum on a cool, wet night that kept the fans at bay.
Related Articles A's Stephen Vogt gets time off from behind the plate
A's lose SS Marcus Semien to right wrist surgery
Oakland A's Kendall Graveman to DL, Bruce Maxwell up from Nashville
A's-Astros Sunday game postponed
Marcus Semien placed on 10-day disabled list; Chad Pinder recalled The right-hander was about as good as he's ever been, giving up a walk and a Stephen Vogt double and nothing else over the course of six innings in sending Oakland to its season-high fourth consecutive loss.
The 5-8 A's, who played in front of an announced crowd of 10,406, are tied with the Rangers for fourth place in the five-team American League West.
Griffin, who went 21-11 with a 3.60 ERA in two seasons with the A's before injuries cost him the 2014 and 2015 seasons, is trying for a rebirth in Texas. He was 7-4 with a 5.07 ERA last season and he's 2-0 this year with a 4.11 ERA. And both of the wins this year have come at Oakland's expense.
The game began ignominiously for Oakland starter Jharel Cotton as he gave up three straight hits, including a bloop double to Nomar Mazara that pushed Texas into an immediate 1-0 lead in the first.
Cotton, who came into the game with a 3.97 ERA, then set down the next dozen batters he faced in order and all seemed well, even if the A's were still down by a run.
The fifth inning changed all that. Cotton's control slipped away from him. He walked the first two batters of the inning, then after a bunt, Carlos Gomez doubled to center, scoring both and getting to third himself on a Rajai Davis error.
Two more runs crossed the plate before the inning was over with Mike Napoli's double chasing both of them home.
Cotton, now 1-2 with a 5.40 ERA, pitched into the sixth.
The final two Texas runs came off reliever Liam Hendriks with Mazara collecting a single through a drawn-in infield to change both men home.
NOTES
Every year since the first Wallaceburg Antique and Motorboat Outing (WAMBO) was held in 1989, Wallaceburg's Robin Southgate has brought his boat to be displayed.
Southgate has been on hand at all 29 WAMBOs with his 30-foot 1958 Shepherd Runabout antique boat and plans on being there next year when the transportation festival celebrates its 30th anniversary.
“All 29, ...same boat,” said Southgate.
Southgate said if he has a family wedding scheduled for next year's WAMBO he has a solution.
“(I will tell them) to get married at WAMBO,” Southgate says with a chuckle.
Southgate said the festival is a success due to the people.
“They love to see the boats, the love to see the cars. I think it brings the town together.”
WAMBO kicked off on Friday night with a classic car cruise, entertainment and most of the boats making their way into Wallaceburg, docking on the Sydenham River in the downtown river basin.
It continued on Saturday and featured, a art show, entertainment, classic car displays, fire truck displays, motorcycle displays, a toy show, soap box derby, and other events, as thousands of people crowded into downtown Wallaceburg.
Southgate said he has met a lot of friends during WAMBO, including a number of American visitors.
The rain came out briefly before the Friday night car cruise and again for a short spell on Saturday afternooon, but for the most part the weather was perfect for checking out the cars on display.
Over 1,800 people took in the various activities at the Wallaceburg Museum, including a Baldoon witch display, face painting and other activities for kids.
New-Bridge Integrated College Art Department is delighted to announce that GCSE student Nathan Hood is the overall winner of the Carson Prize Key Stage 4 2018.
Fellow GCSE student Alexandra Savage came highly commended in the same competition. Both students will be presented with their awards along with £500 for the school at the Carson Awards Showcase in October 2018.
Nathan said: “My project entitled Outstanding Traditions Transformation is a large sculptural piece constructed out of a collage of paper mache, pages of books and card. I arranged several fine art pop up structures that are of first-hand observations of one of my local churches and a series of gargoyles. The whole sculpture is arranged on an open book which symbolises the knowledge and skills that I have acquired in my time in integrated education. It also represents the way that our faith and tradition has been an influence on our lives for generations and still is.
“My model was constructed using various different art techniques that we learnt from the AlumNI past pupil visits and workshops. My use of shading makes it appear to be an ancient 3 dimensional pieces of work. The church and the gargoyles represent how religions and superstitions have played a major role in the faiths of previous and current generations.
“The book represents integration allowing us to learn about and share our mutual respect for our fellow man. I am lucky to be in a school where this is encouraged, celebrated and rejoiced. I believe that being educated in an integrated school in this way gives everybody the opportunity to be ‘outstanding in their own way'.”
The school is very proud of all the art students who entered the competition.
A house at 20 Hook Pond Lane in East Hampton whose massive size has previously enraged neighbors — including Howard Dean, the former governor of Vermont and ex-presidential candidate — is on the market for $17.5 million.
The seller is developer Jeffrey Schneider, who bought the property for $5.95 million last year.
Many locals also didn't like that the zoning board granted Schneider permission to build a 748-square-foot garage in the front yard as part of a new house on the property. (Dean's family has owned a place nearby for many years.)
But not all have objected.
Steve Raia, a partner at Il Mulino, the Italian restaurant that opened over Memorial Day weekend in nearby Wainscott, recently toured the property. The home was once owned by Dwight Chapin, who worked as deputy assistant to disgraced President Richard Nixon during the Watergate scandal.
The 10,000-square-foot home with seven bedrooms sits on 1.6 acres, and comes with views of Hook Pond and the Atlantic Ocean.
Extravagant details include a 133-inch projection television, a glass-encased wine cellar, a gym, a steam room and an infrared sauna.
A third-floor observation deck features a gas fireplace and a wet bar. There's also an outdoor kitchen, a pool and a pool house.
The listing brokers are Corcoran's Charlie Esposito and Debbie Brenneman.
R&B singer Porcelan is taking the R&B world by storm. After releasing her single “The Real Thing Don't Change” she has truly captured music lovers with her lyrics and beautiful voice. Porcelan is from Memphis and is a singer and songwriter that began her career at the age of sixteen.
Sign Up For Our Newsletter!
Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.
Her single was co-written by producer and legendary Hall of Fame Songwriter, David Porter. In the song she sings lyrics such as, “Where ever there is a crack in your walls don't worry because I'm your glue,” and talks about being in love.
Producer Hamilton Hardin said, “The Real Thing Don't Change” is a romantic ballad that describes the emotional feeling of love and commitment. It's about the beauty of a total unified connection in a relationship,” Her album is set to be released in 2018 so fans get ready!
RELATED: Da Brat Opens Up About New Music She's Been Making With Jermaine Dupri! [VIDEO]
RELATED: Cardi B Feat. Kodak Black “Bodak Yellow” (Remix) [NEW MUSIC]
RELATED: Marvin Sapp Feat. R. Kelly “Listen” [NEW MUSIC]
Cathay Pacific on 16-Aug-2017 reports financial results for 1H2017. These results follow from 2016 when Cathay for the first time since 2008 posted a group loss and became a whipping post: Bloomberg referred to "a horror story when it comes to Cathay". The South China Morning Post described "a flawed business model in a changing world".
No reprieve is expected in 1H2017, when Cathay embarked on a restructuring programme, which as is typical has a ramp-up period but front-loaded transformation costs. Fuel hedges are winding down but losses will still be pronounced. Cargo is the bright spot with an unexpected boost in yields. Passenger over-capacity persists in all key markets, and exacerbated especially in Europe and from Cathay's A350 deliveries. Declining passenger yields are closely watched and now may be re-balanced with less aggressive load factors.
There is considerable work ahead for Cathay. Yet any "horror story" would have been magnified by uncertainty. This may be fading with a change in practices and management. Cathay will now seek vindication of its premium hub strategy, geography and brand. While lack of detail will invite criticism, Cathay's future is in focus.
Host Ed Baxter features the best stories of the day from Bloomberg Radio, Bloomberg Television, and over 120 Bloomberg News bureaus around the world on Bloomberg Radio's Bloomberg Best. Some highlights include a series of interviews from the IIF G20 conference in Buenos Aires, including David Malpass, undersecretary for international affairs at the U.S. Treasury, OECD secretary general Angel Gurria, and IIF CEO Tim Adams. Plus, a look at the business of march madness and a bracket-busting weekend on the road to the sweet sixteen.
producer: David Sucherman +1-212-617-7663 or dsucherman@bloomberg.net
Running time 29:57
A Brooklyn man was arrested for groping two young girls' buttocks on a city bus over a two-month period last year, authorities say.
Hajem Alchtiwi, 59, was arrested on multiple charges including sexual abuse and forcible touching in attacks that took place September and November. He is also facing charges for acting in a manner that is injurous to a child.
Cops say that on numerous occasions, the two 12-year-old victims were repeatedly groped aboard a B1 MTA bus around 86 Street and 20th Avenue in Brooklyn.
It's not clear if the man has an attorney who could comment on the charges.
PASADENA, Calif. — The legacy of two local organ donors will be nationally recognized on Monday during the annual Rose Parade in Pasadena, Calif.
Reat Underwood and Heather Reed Flynn will be featured on the Donate Life Float, which is the third float in the parade.
Reat Underwood was killed in the attack at the Jewish Community Center in April of 2014. Reat was an organ donor, and Monday morning a floral portrait of him will be displayed on the Donate Life Float during the parade.
Reat's parents and brother are in California to watch the parade and are VIP guests on the grandstand.
Heather Reed Flynn died in 2015 and donated several of her organs. She will also be honored on the float with a floragraph.
Kansas City woman who died of a stroke at age 43 will be honored in Rose Parade for donating life
The parade begins at 10 a.m.
A finished Donate Life Float! Reat is featured on the sail behind Lukas. Top row, second from left. 3rd float in the parade tmrrw. pic.twitter.com/qBIKnKrx2w — Mindy Corporon (@MindyCorporon) January 1, 2017
Coronation Street's Jack Webster will have his foot amputated after being diagnosed with sepsis, and in harrowing scenes next week is shown reeling when dad Kevin delivers the news as he comes round from the life-saving operation.
Advertisement
The hard-hitting plot is set to change the Webster family forever, and is the biggest challenge yet for young actor Kyran Bowes, who has played little Jack since 2016.
“When I heard about what would happen to Jack my first words were ‘Wow that is a big story!'” confesses the 11-year-old. “I was a bit nervous at first because I had never heard of sepsis and didn't know what it does to you. My parents explained to me as much as they knew and we looked it up on the internet.”
Corrie's research team assisted Bowes in his preparation for Jack's plight and his reaction to the amputation that saved his life by putting him in touch with a teenager who had been through a similar experience for real.
“The producer Kate Oates arranged for me to meet someone who had been through it, so I could see for myself what sepsis can do to give me the confidence to play the story as true to life as I could. Through the Sepsis Trust I met Sasha Burrell (pictured with Bowes below), who lost both her legs due to having sepsis. She was really nice and kind and very helpful.
“She told me how she felt when she found out she had the condition and after her operation, and how determined she was it wouldn't stop her doing normal things.”
The emotional fallout of Jack's brush with death and adapting to life as an amputee will be explored in the coming months, and conversations with Burrell have been invaluable to Bowes. “Sasha explained Jack will have his ups and downs. He'll be confused and devastated at losing his foot. In the scene where Jack wakes up and realises what has happened, it was a real challenge to make sure I showed the feelings of shock and upset that Jack and Kevin would be going through.
“You wouldn't think Sasha had been through such a horrible illness, she is so brave and happy, smiling all the time. She was happy to help me, and very inspirational. She explained how she focused on positive goals – she even started trampolining which she had never done before the illness. Because Jack likes football she said he should concentrate on his football goals, be determined to play the sport again and to persevere.
“I hope I've done the story proud,” says Bowes. “Sepsis is a terrible illness and I hope Corrie helps others and raises lots of awareness.”
Advertisement
Visit our dedicated Coronation Street page for all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari, adding th...
Break-even Mark
With the overall theatrical business value pegged at 100 Cr, Bharat Ane Nenu, is required to earn the same amount to attain HIT mark at the box office. Anywhere below the same margin ends up as a loss venture.
The movie garners SUPERHIT status if it is able to achieve 120 Cr distributor share.
First Weekend Collections
Nizam - 10.2 Cr, Ceded - 5.5 Cr, Vizag - 5.18 Cr, East - 4.42 Cr, West - 2.63 Cr, Krishna - 3.38 Cr, Guntur - 5.57 Cr, Nellore - 1.42 Cr, USA - 9.08 Cr, Karnataka - 5.8 Cr, UAE/GCC - 1.35 Cr, Tamil Nadu - 0.87 Cr, Aus/NZ - 0.9 Cr & Rest of India & World - 1.1 Cr.
Total: 57.4 Cr
The worldwide distributor share is over 57 Cr while the gross value is a colossal 93 Cr. This is the highest for any Telugu movie (non Baahubali) for the initial weekend. The overall gross tally is a humongous 93 Cr and this is the highest for any Telugu movie till date surpassing the recent blockbuster, Rangasthalam. (non Baahubali).
Series Of Records
Bharat Ane Nenu has already carved some records under its belt within the initial weekend.
Day 1 gross of the movie at Chennai box office was a good 0.27 Cr which is said to be the highest for any Telugu movie. The first weekend Tamil Nadu collections of 2.35 Cr for a direct Telugu -only movie is said to be the highest for the language in Tamil Nadu.
Bharat Ane Nenu is all set to achieve break-even in the said territory by today itself, and is all set to close as a blockbuster. Mahesh, once again proves his box office pull and stamina in the neighbouring state.
The scene in the USA is no different, which is claimed as the strong fort of Mahesh Babu. Bharat Ane Nenu, has galloped to USD 2.5M in 3 days which is once again a record in T-town.
Jr NTR Praises Bharat Ane Nenu
Young Tiger, Jr. NTR, who had attended the pre-release event of Bharat Ane Nenu, has apparently watched the movie and has appreciated the movie and the team of Bharat Ane Nenu.
Tarak tweeted , "Blending social responsibility with commercial elements is not an easy job. Kudos to @sivakoratala for balancing both aspects beautifully. And congratulations to @urstrulyMahesh for delivering a flawless performance." - (sic)
"Congratulations to the entire team of #BharathAneNenu for making an honest and remarkable film."- (sic)
SS Rajamouli Lauds The Movie
Ace Film Director, SS Rajamouli too was not left behind and he too joined the party via his Twitter official account.
"Raising issues like Local Governance in a commercial film requires a lot of thought. Truly appreciate @sivakoratala garu and @urstrulyMahesh for their conviction. Press meet scene is the best amongst many good moments in #BharatAneNenu." - (sic)
"@urstrulyMahesh delivered his best performance. Casting is very good. Everyone fit in perfectly. Congratulations Danayya garu and the team of #BharatAneNenu" - (sic)
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Image copyright Getty Images
When the inflation figure for July is published, it will indicate to millions of rail passengers how much more they will have to pay for their train tickets from next January.
The current version of the fares system lets so-called regulated fares rise by the annual rate of inflation, as measured each July by the retail prices index (RPI).
And some economists think that this might be as high as 3.5%.
Which fares are regulated?
About 45% of fares in England, Scotland and Wales are regulated.
Broadly speaking they are season tickets, some off-peak returns, some standard returns, and commuter fares into and out of the London area.
So lots of fares are not regulated at all?
Yes. About 55% in fact. These include all first class tickets, all advance purchase ones, and some off-peak fares.
For these, the train operating companies can decide their own increases, which can be more or less than the regulated ones.
When does the next increase start?
The government must agree to the rise being implemented. It will not come in automatically.
But assuming the government gives its blessing, the increases will affect fares from 1 January next year.
The train companies do not in fact have to implement the increase if they do not want to. It is a ceiling.
But obviously the chances are they will go the whole hog.
Is the policy the same across the whole of the UK?
Not quite. In Wales rail fare increases are also capped at July's RPI figure.
But in Scotland the maximum increase affects some regulated peak fares, including Anytime and Season tickets.
However, regulated off-peak fare increases are set at 1% below RPI.
Image copyright Reuters
Why does the system link fares increases to RPI?
The train companies say that some of their most important costs go up each year in the same way.
These include the track access charges, which they must pay to Network Rail for the right to run trains on its rails, and to use its stations and signals.
Also, under the various franchise agreements which govern the economics of each train operating company, payments they make to the government are also linked each year to the RPI.
But why do fares have to rise at all?
Regulation of some fares has existed since the old British Rail was privatised and split up into many separate companies in the mid-1990s.
The point of regulation was to stop the new regional rail franchises abusing their near monopolies to overcharge their passengers.
However, since 2007 it has been explicit government policy for passengers to pay more of the overall cost of running the country's rail system, and for taxpayers as a whole to pay less via subsidies.
The coalition government continued the policy of shifting the financial burden to the wallets of passengers, though with less aggressive price increases than before.
A research paper, published earlier this year by the House of Commons Library, cited earlier figures from the rail regulator in March 2016 showing that "passengers have contributed an increasing proportion of the rail industry's income relative to taxpayers over the past four years - up from 55.6% in 2010-11 to 65% in 2014-15."
Is there a detailed, route-by-route, list of which fares will rise?
No, according to the rail industry trade body the Rail Delivery Group.
But any fare increases which are implemented should be made public by individual train operating companies this November or December.
With just over half of fares being unregulated, will average fares soar away?
Not necessarily at all.
According to the annual analysis published by the Office of Rail and Road (ORR), in January this year average fares across the rail system - regulated and unregulated - rose by only 1.2%.
It was "the second year in succession when fares have risen below inflation," said the ORR.
How come? Because train firms in fact chose to keep the lid on unregulated ticket increases, limiting them to just 0.8%.
And even the regulated rises averaged just 1.8%, slightly below the cap of 1.9% set by the July 2016 RPI figure.
Entry Into Cinema
Shivaji Rao entered Tamil cinema with the aid of his Bangalore friends and methodical guidance from his mentor, K. Balachander. But life wasn't a bed of roses for the young aspiring actor.
Tamil cinema was inundated with formidable stars like MGR, Sivaji Ganesan, Gemini Ganesan, Jai Shankar, Sivakumar etc., who were conventional actors complimented with appealing physical appearance.
Kamal Haasan was already an established star who was deemed as the youth heartthrob. Amidst such stiff competition, there entered a beginner with a rugged look, messed up hairdo and an unconventional Tamil diction.
Tamil cinema witnessed a change with the introduction of this young aspirant. Until then, the actors were seen to be performing accordingly to the camera's convenience while he made the camera follow him.
Be it the effective dialogue delivery, flipping action of cigarettes, twirling his shades or sophisticated walking style, Rajinikanth swayed the audience (younger generation in particular) who were mesmerized and swooned by the actor's on-screen antics.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — Kemba Walker scored 41 points on 11-for-22 shooting and the Charlotte Hornets beat the Indiana Pacers 133-126 with the help of a record-setting first quarter Friday night.
Buoyed by 16 points from Nicolas Batum, the Hornets scored 49 points in the first, a franchise-best for a quarter. Charlotte connected on 7 of 11 from 3-point range and hit 19 of 23 from the field in that stretch. It marked the highest point total for an NBA team in any quarter this season.
Four other Hornets players scored in double-digits, led by Batum's 31 points and Dwight Howard's 12 points and 11 rebounds. Charlotte won its second game in a row.
Victor Oladipo had 35 points for the Pacers, who halted a three-game winning streak. Myles Turner added 19 points and 11 rebounds for Indiana.
Charlotte led 49-37 after the first, as the Pacers came within a point of matching the most first-quarter points by a hornet opponent this season.
The Pacers outscored the Hornets 34-25 in the third quarter, led by 13 points from Oladipo, to narrow Charlotte's advantage to 96-91. Cory Joseph's free throws cut Indiana's deficit to 128-124 with 40 seconds left, but Charlotte hit five free throws after that to ice it.
TIP-INS:
Pacers: Indiana coach Nate McMillan missed the game for personal reasons. Longtime assistant Dan Burke served as acting head coach. … Center Al Jefferson, who played for Charlotte 2013-16, received a loud ovation when he entered the game at the end of the second quarter.
Hornets: The 49-point first bettered a 47-point fourth quarter Charlotte had on Dec. 4, 1991 against the Los Angeles Lakers. … Batum was 11-of-18 shooting. … C Cody Zeller returned to the lineup after missing 27 games because of left knee surgery to repair torn meniscus. The Hornets were 12-15 without Zeller in that stretch. Zeller totaled five points and three rebounds in 16 minutes. … Marvin Williams missed his second straight game with a left ankle sprain. Coach Steve Clifford said Williams is not expected to miss significant time. … Dwight Howard's 11th consecutive double-double — the longest active streak in the NBA — was his 33rd of the season.
UP NEXT
Pacers: Back home Saturday to host Philadelphia for a quick two-game homestand.
Hornets: Travel to Phoenix on Sunday for the first of a four-game West Coast road trip.
Standing in the dappled shade of a driveway hundreds of miles from Charlottesville, Va., Mark Heyer spoke of the violence that claimed his daughter's life — and, with voice occasionally quavering, called on people to answer hate with forgiveness.
"My daughter was a strong woman that had passionate opinions about the equality of everyone — and she tried to stand up for that," the Sharpes, Fla., resident told Florida Today in a videotaped interview. "With her, it wasn't lip service. It was real."
Just two days earlier, a driver rammed a car into a group of people protesting a white supremacist rally, killing Heyer's daughter Heather, 32, and wounding 19 other people. Federal authorities have opened a civil rights investigation into the attack, saying "such actions arise from racial bigotry and hatred."
The man allegedly behind the wheel, James Alex Fields Jr., had long harbored sympathies for Nazi ideas, according to a former teacher. Fields has been charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and-run.
But the hatred espoused by white supremacists and others in Charlottesville this weekend must not be met with a response that's "twisted into something negative" in its own right, Mark Heyer told the local newspaper.
"People need to stop hating, and they need to forgive each other. And I include myself in that, in forgiving the guy that did this," he said. "He doesn't know any better. You know, I just think of what the Lord said on the cross. Lord forgive him, they don't know what they're doing."
In this respect, he said he aspires to follow his daughter's example.
"You know, my daughter's life — she's ..." he paused, searching for words. "I'm proud of her for standing up. She had more courage than I did. She had more courage than I did. She had a stubborn backbone. She thought she was right. She would stand there and defy you.
"But if I understand her," he added, "she wanted to do it peacefully and with a fierceness of heart that comes with her conviction."
In interviews with multiple media outlets over the weekend, Heather's mother, Susan Bro, also praised the way her daughter balanced peaceful efforts with a "very strong sense of right and wrong."
"It was important to her to speak up for people that she felt were not being heard, to speak up when injustices were happening," Bro said, "and she saw in the lives of many of her African-American friends particularly and her gay friends that equal rights were not being given."
One day after the violent gathering that saw protesters and counterprotesters punching and kicking one another — and later saw Heather Heyer killed, along with two state troopers whose helicopter crashed — peaceful protests took shape in cities across the U.S. In Seattle and New York City, Atlanta and in Grand Rapids, Mich., demonstrators sought to respond to the message promulgated in Charlottesville and, in the words of one protester, "resist it fearlessly."
"I hope that her life and what has transpired changes people's hearts," Mark Heyer said. "You can fight all you want and fuss and cuss and do all that stuff, but when you take your last breath, it's over. It's done!
"You're going to take away what a person has and everything else they're going to have. There is no more — not here, you know," he added. "And that's — that's pretty much all I got, brother."
Thank you for your interest in our study!
You and your partner are eligible to participate if:
1. You are CURRENTLY in a romantic relationship.
2. You are at least 18 years old.
3. Your partner is at least 18 years old.
If you and your partner meet these criteria, please share the following information with your partner so they can also participate in our survey.
You may participate in the survey at the following link: https://ttuhumansciences.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=SV_cFH4IYDReZruSr3
The survey takes about 10 minutes. Please complete the survey privately and separately from your partner. This will allow you to give the most honest answers.
You and your partner should create a very unique couple password that you both enter into the survey. We will use this matching password to pair up your answers later, so it is important that your passwords are (a) entered identically and (b) unique enough that no one else would use that password.
You and your partner must both complete the survey for you to be entered into a drawing for 2 $10 Amazon gift cards (one for you and one for your partner). Odds of winning will be 1 in 25. Winners will be announced at the end of the Spring 2017 semester.
If you begin the survey, but need to stop and return at a different time to finish it, the online survey site will save your responses for two weeks. If you return to finish the survey after this two-week time frame, you may need to start over because your previous responses will have been erased.
To make sure your responses are recorded, please click all the way through the survey until you reach the screen that says, "We thank you for your time spent taking this survey. Your response has been recorded."
We appreciate you and your partner taking the time to participate in our study.
If you have any questions about this study, please feel free to contact us at onlinecouplesstudy2016@gmail.com or by calling our lab at Texas Tech University 806-742-1776. You may also contact the faculty researcher at sylvia.niehuis@ttu.edu.
This study has been approved by the Human Research Protection Program at Texas Tech University.
Posted:
4/15/2017
Originator:
Mohsen Fouladi
Email:
mohsen.fouladi@ttu.edu
Department:
Human Develop and Family Studies
Categories
Research
Image copyright Diversidad Sin Fronteras
Human rights campaigners have accused the US of "institutional murder" after a transgender immigrant died in US custody while seeking asylum.
Roxana Hernandez, 33, was being held by immigration authorities in New Mexico when she fell ill.
The US says the Honduran, who was HIV positive, is the sixth person to die in an immigrant detention facility in the past eight months.
She had travelled in a migrant caravan disparaged by President Donald Trump.
Friends say Ms Hernandez had fled violence, hate and stigma in Central America.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Caravan migrants stuck at US-Mexico border
"She saw in the United States the opportunity to start a new life free of abuse, risk and threats," said a statement issued by a coalition of immigrants' rights groups.
After applying for asylum at the US border, Ms Hernandez was detained for deportation, the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency said, citing previous convictions in Texas for theft, prostitution and illegally entering the country.
According to ICE, Ms Hernandez was "processed as an expedited removal" when she applied for admission at the San Ysidro port of entry in California on 9 May.
Six days later, on 15 May, she was transferred to the Cibola County Correctional Center in Milan, New Mexico.
Two days after that, on 17 May, she was admitted to Cibola General Hospital "with symptoms of pneumonia, dehydration and complications associated with HIV".
She died early in the morning of 25 May having been transferred to Lovelace Medical Center in Albuquerque by air ambulance.
The preliminary cause of death was given as "cardiac arrest." A post-mortem examination is to be carried out.
"Roxy died due to medical negligence by US immigration authorities," said the three immigrant groups - Pueblo Sin Frontereas, Al Otro Lada and Diversidad Sin Fronteras - adding: "In other words, she was murdered."
Image copyright AFP Image caption The migrants began their gruelling trek north in southern Mexico on 25 March
The campaigners released a statement from a fellow detainee, who wanted to be known only as Stacy, alleging that her friend had fallen ill when she was locked up for five days in a notoriously cold holding cell known as an ice box.
Stacy claimed that Ms Hernandez was refused access to a doctor despite coughing, vomiting and suffering from diarrhoea and severe pain all over her body.
"The ICE officials yelled at her" because she was sick, Stacy was quoted as saying. "She didn't get medical care until she arrived at Cibola."
According to the organisers, Ms Hernandez was one of at least 267 members of the migrant caravan, including 23 transgender people, who crossed the border into California to apply for asylum.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The migrant caravan Trump keeps referencing
The immigrants' rights groups are calling for dignified and humane treatment for all asylum seekers, medical care sensitive to the needs of transgender people and those with HIV, and the closure of all immigration detention centres.
ICE said Ms Hernandez was the sixth detainee to die in its custody since 1 October 2017.
In a statement the agency said "the appropriate" authorities had been notified about the death along with the consulate of Honduras in Houston, Texas, which, ICE said, would attempt to notify her next of kin.
Stacy said she feared she would be next.
"Because of what happened, I feel bad and am afraid that the same could happen to me, since I have HIV," her statement concluded.
Earlier this month, a 20-year old indigenous Guatemalan woman, Gomez Gonzalez, was shot dead in Texas by a US border patrol officer who said a group of migrants rushed towards him.
More on Trump and immigration
When you're an 11-year-old who gets up at 8 a.m. on Sunday mornings in White Plains and insists your parents take you to open houses, there's a good chance you...
Sonali Bendre diagnosed with High Grade CANCER ! | FilmiBeat
In an official statement released by Sonali Bendre Behl, the actress says she has been diagnosed with high-grade cancer and she is currently undergoing treatment in New York.
He statement reads, "Sometimes, when you least expect it, life throws you a curveball. I have recently been diagnosed with a high grade cancer that has metastised, which we frankly did not see coming. A niggling pain led to some tests, which led to this unexpected diagnosis. My family and close friends have rallied around me, providing the best support system that anyone can ask for. I am very blessed and thankful for each of them."
"There is no better way to tackle this, than to take swift and immediate action. And so, as advised by my doctors, I am currently undergoing a course of treatment in New York. We remain optimistic and I am determined to fight every step of the way. What has helped has been the immense outpouring of love and support I've received over the past few days, for which I am very grateful."
"I'm taking this battle head on, knowing I have the strength of my family and friends behind me."
We hope Sonali Bendre recovers soon!
1 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Castleford Tigers have confirmed the signing of Leeds Rhinos halfback Cory Aston on a two-year deal.
As reported in League Express, the 22-year-old has joined the League Leaders' Shield winners after being granted a release from his contract at the Rhinos.
He didn't make a Super League appearance following his move from Sheffield Eagles and spent the year playing in the Championship with Featherstone and Bradford.
“Just watching Cas this year has been really exciting so to get the chance to come and play for them is a great opportunity that I am really looking forward to,” he said.
“In 2018, I'd like to play in Super League, I've not had that opportunity so far in my career.”
Daryl Powell added: “Cory has looked really good in previous years. I think he has some great bits and pieces to his game and I'm sure we can make sure that he is a consistent halfback at the highest level. We are looking forward to him growing within our system.”
Aston becomes Castleford's seventh signing ahead of 2018, following the likes of James Clare, Joe Wardle and former Sheffield teammate Garry Lo to the club.
File Photo iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) — Lava continues to flow out of Mount Etna in Sicily, Italy.
The National Institute of Geophysics and Volcanology Observatory Etneo spotted the lava at an altitude of about 3,000 meters above sea level.
This drone footage offers a closeup view of lava flowing from the volcano.
In early March, Mount Etna erupted, spewing magma into the air and injuring 10 people, including a BBC television crew and scientist.
Etna's eruptions, often visible from far away, are reminders to those living or hiking on its slopes that the volcano is quite active.
Mount Etna is the highest point in Italy south of the Alps and one of the most active volcanoes in the world.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Almost three quarters of Solihull's budget in the last financial year was funded by council tax, with the local authority admitting that balancing the books will be "extremely challenging" in the years ahead.
In 2017/18, the tax raised £96.47million of the £136.46million that the council received in funding (71 per cent in total).
Officers have said that the proportion reflects the number of expensive properties in the borough, which require owners to pay higher bands of council tax.
The figures show that there has been a significant leap in the share of the money made up of council tax payments, which had accounted for 55 per cent of the funding just four years earlier.
The remainder of the 2017/18 budget was derived from business rates, of which 100 per cent of the revenue is currently being retained by the council, under a pilot scheme which began last April.
This arrangement means that the authority is no longer receiving a revenue support grant from central government.
The figures were included in the draft accounting statement for the last financial year, which was uploaded to Solihull Council's website this week and is now available for public inspection.
In an overview of the organisation's financial position, the document acknowledges that there are set to be significant challenges in the years ahead, with an admission that there is also uncertainty about the future of the business rates pilot.
"What is clear is that our budget and resourcing forecasts for 2020/21 and beyond are extremely challenging," it said.
"We expect to spend about the same in cash terms in 2020/21 as we did in 2013/14 – despite inflation, increases in the cost of delivering services and steep reductions in government support over that period.
"We have a good track record in identifying and delivering substantial savings, and we know that, although this is harder every year, we will need to sustain this beyond 2020."
Around two thirds of last year's budget was spent on children, education and skills and adult social care and health - the two services which demand far and away the greatest share of a council's revenue.
An increase in expenditure of £8.8million was offset by cuts of £9.4million and £800,000 drawn from reserves and contingencies.
Annual accounting statement
By law, local residents have the right to inspect, raise queries and challenge items which appear in the annual accounts.
The draft statement and a separate document, covering council governance, have now been posted to the Solihull Council website.
Paperwork is also available to view at the Council House from May 29-July 9 (on weekdays from 9am-4.30pm). Call 0121 704 6855 to make an appointment to view the documents.
««« return to Daily Wine News index
Step up for wine regions
Central Otago produces about 60 times more wine than the Waitaki Valley but impending intellectual property rights registration for Otago's two wine regions has benefits for both, Hamish MacLean reports for Otago Daily Times.
We all know Solange Knowles isn't afraid to speak her mind, even if it's about the biggest night in music.
The singer, who took home the Grammy for Best R&B Performance for “Cranes in the Sky” on Sunday, was not too pleased that her big sister Beyoncé didn't snag the big award for Album of the Year. Legend has it that Bey loses the award every year to a White artist like Beck or Adele, even though she's clearly the people's choice.
Although Adele broke her Grammy in half to share with the Queen, Solo took to Twitter to share her disappointment. After feeling some type of way that her own award wasn't televised, she wrote:
https://twitter.com/solangeknowles/status/830997619841208322
As for hinting at a Grammys boycott, Solange posted the link to Frank Ocean‘s Tumblr post, in which he eloquently described why he opted out of the award show, saying that it suffers “cultural bias and general nerve damage”:
https://twitter.com/solangeknowles/status/831000797232001025
Looks like Solo will no longer be accepting her seat at the Grammys table.
Lagos, a state in South Western Nigeria boasts of a population of over 20 million people. It is reputed to be Nigeria's fastest growing city and the commercial nerve of the country. The state is not with violence and terrible clashes in some parts of...
New Yorkers have always looked beyond the five boroughs for a reprieve from city life, flocking to places like the Hudson Valley for bucolic escapes. But as the popularity — and cost — of typical weekend getaway areas surge, some city dwellers have reassessed what they want from a vacation home.
In the popular riverside town of Beacon, NY, the median single-family home price increased by 57 percent over the last five years, according to data gathered by Zillow. It's a similar story in the upstate towns of Cold Spring and Hudson, where the same metric has jumped by roughly 25 percent.
But just a two-hour drive north of Hudson (itself a two-hour drive from Manhattan), in the lush southeast corner of Vermont, some New Yorkers have discovered you can get more house for less — and be even closer to nature without the trendy trappings of those upstate weekend retreats. In Windham County, home to the year-round resorts of Stratton and Mount Snow, the median single-family home price has increased just 5 percent over the last five years to a modest $180,000.
Compared to the ritzier Hudson Valley, Windham County is less fussy — with fewer high-end boutiques and restaurants in its towns of Wardsboro and Jamaica — and presents a lower barrier to entry. That's why Jenny McClary and Allie Leepson, both 30 and partners who run content strategy team The 1909, decided to bypass Hudson when looking for a weekend home.
Even though they love the artsy, shop-filled town where they tied the knot in 2015, they found it was a microcosm of their weekday lives. “It's like the West Village up there,” says Leepson, adding that she's observed some folks get dressed to the nines for mundane errands in Hudson.
So in October 2017, the couple spent $170,000 on a three-bedroom Adirondack-style cabin in Wardsboro, Vt. McClary says they were drawn to the area because, unlike Hudson, it “doesn't feel like it's trying too hard.”
They hope to visit the cabin, a four-hour drive from their Park Slope apartment, one or two times a month. But since they first listed it on Airbnb in February from $200 per night, the property has been consistently booked on weekends. After their closing, McClary and Leepson installed new lights and a vintage freestanding fireplace, which lend the space a comfortable midcentury modern-meets-ski chalet vibe that's proven appealing to vacationers. “We forgot to pencil ourselves in,” McClary says. “Our renters have stayed longer than we have.”
Their property sits in the state's Green Mountain National Forest, and fulfills their dream of being secluded in scenic surrounds without settling for a “scary cabin in the woods,” McClary says. Their location puts them a 15-minute drive from Mount Snow, with hiking trails minutes away from their front door.
Windham County's proximity to the forest, and the ski areas within it, has proven a draw for tristate-area weekenders looking to leave the commotion of their everyday lives behind. Coupled with a location that is a straight shot north from New York on I-91, it's emerging as a favorite Hudson Valley alternative.
Second-home buyers are looking for a different kind of property than in years past, according to Ellen Mallia of Four Seasons Sotheby's International Realty's Stratton office. “We had a lot of people coming from the Connecticut area looking for ‘statement' homes” like newer-build mansions, Mallia says. “What we're seeing right now with our younger buyers is they're looking for experiences,” like trekking and winter sports, “rather than grand possessions.”
A similar desire for a humble getaway from the city drove Lauren Hudson and Chris Krieger to purchase their home in the small town of Jamaica. The couple from Trumbull, Conn., paid $235,000 for a contemporary three-bedroom in August 2017. “We were looking for something truly four seasons,” says Krieger, 35, a lending director who likes to snowboard and hike. Jamaica fit the bill, putting them about 30 minutes from both Stratton and Mount Snow.
The couple turned to Vermont rather than the Hudson Valley because they were “looking to get a little further removed from the tristate area,” says Hudson, 36. They don't even mind the spotty cell service and slow Wi-Fi. “We can detach there,” Hudson, a creative director, says. “At first we were nervous about it, but now we're really thankful for it.”
Like McClary and Leepson, Hudson and Krieger have listed their home on Airbnb from $350 a night. The couple plans to make the three-hour drive from Connecticut to Jamaica more often this summer, now that the house's booking requests from winter sports enthusiasts have let up. They are also looking forward to connecting with neighbors. “The sense of community — you just don't get that in Connecticut,” says Hudson, adding that after just nine months of homeownership in the area, “everyone knows our names.”
There's perhaps no better evidence of Windham County's friendliness than North Country General, a Jamaica restaurant and bar serving up locally sourced food and drink alongside Vermont-made wares. Alexandra Fraser, 34, opened the hospitality venture in 2017 with her 30-year-old husband, Dean, after leaving the West Village to make a permanent home in Vermont, where Fraser spent much of her childhood. In the year it's been open, North Country General has become a gathering place where locals and weekenders mingle. It doesn't hurt that, by Fraser's estimate, it's the first new bar in town in 30 years.
Fraser's decision to move back to Vermont was influenced by her pregnancy. “Vermont has a lot of therapeutic ways of helping people connect with the earth and disconnect from a lot of the things in life that keep us out of focus,” Fraser says, noting that she often felt isolated in New York. That's not so in Jamaica. “There's a sense of community here that's still genuine and authentic.”
The morning after Roosevelt Islanders Elizabeth Erickson, 37, and Jeffrey Escobar, 41, closed on their Jamaica vacation house, a new neighbor introduced herself in North Country General. “There's a thousand real stories like that here,” Erickson says.Erickson and Escobar weren't initially drawn to Jamaica because of the close-knit vibe, but it's become a real benefit to owning in the town. The two attorneys started thinking about buying in Vermont after visiting a good friend who left Brooklyn for the Green Mountain State.
Erickson says she was shocked to see how much $200,000 could get them in Vermont compared with other second-home spots.
After just two appointments in 2015 with Mallia, their broker, they dropped $167,500 on an updated Cape Cod-style house dating to 1839. Its closeness to the mountains was important to the couple, who bonded over their shared love for skiing, as was the property's gated yard, where they could let their young daughter, Madeline, explore.
This past winter, the family made the trek to Vermont every weekend, making the best of their season passes at Stratton. Over the summer, they'll visit just one or two times a month, often hosting friends who, like them, revel in the area's tranquility while drinking coffee or sipping wine on the front porch.
For Erickson, the best part of owning in Vermont is the freedom that being outside of the city gives Madeline. “She's only seven, so in New York, we keep her really close to us,” Erickson says. “She's such a city kid, but the first thing she does when we get up there is take her shoes off.”
Now that's something you can't — or at least shouldn't — do outside a New York apartment.
MONTREAL — Bell Canada and the union representing 5,000 of its office workers in Quebec and Ontario have begun negotiating a new collective agreement.
Unifor, the union representing Bell's clerical employees, says its number one priority is to prevent more jobs from being outsourced to foreign countries.
Quebec director for Unifor, Renaud Gagne, said since 2006 the company's workforce in Canada declined from 12,000 to 5,000.
He says many of those jobs have been outsourced worldwide.
"As far as office workers are concerned, it is often in India that someone answers, or elsewhere in the world, replacing our people here in Quebec or Ontario," Gagne said.
Unifor held a rally in Mississauga Tuesday as contract talks began and the union said another demonstration could take place in Montreal depending on how negotiations progress.
Gagne says they plan to give talks a few weeks before making that decision.
The union also represents technicians, who succeeded during their round of negotiations in obtaining a clause in their agreement preventing Bell from transferring jobs for the during of the contract.
Unifor wants the same provision added in the new contract for office workers.
Other issues include work organization and wages.
According to the union, Bell is seeking concessions from its office employees due to a competitive environment.
Bell management wouldn't comment on details of the negotiation process. It said the company looked forward to working with the union on a new contract.
The Canadian Press
VATICAN CITY — Pope Francis insisted Wednesday that indigenous groups must give prior consent to any economic activity affecting their ancestral lands, a view that conflicts with the Trump administration, which is pushing to build a $3.8 billion oil pipeline over opposition from American Indians.
Francis met with representatives of indigenous peoples attending a U.N. agricultural meeting and said the key issue facing them is how to reconcile the right to economic development with protecting their cultures and territories.
"In this regard, the right to prior and informed consent should always prevail," he said. "Only then is it possible to guarantee peaceful cooperation between governing authorities and indigenous peoples, overcoming confrontation and conflict."
The Cheyenne River and the Standing Rock Sioux tribes have sued to stop construction on the final stretch of the Dakota Access pipeline, which would bring oil from North Dakota's rich Bakken fields across four states to a shipping point in Illinois.
The tribes say the pipeline threatens their drinking water, cultural sites and ability to practice their religion, which depends on pure water. The last piece of the pipeline is to pass under a reservoir on the Missouri River, which marks the eastern border of both tribes' reservations.
The company building the pipeline, Texas-based Energy Transfer Partners, has insisted the water supply will be safe.
Francis didn't cite the Dakota pipeline dispute by name and the Vatican press office said he was not making a direct reference to it. But history's first Latin American pope has been a consistent backer of indigenous rights and has frequently spoken out about the plight of Indians in resisting economic development that threatens their lands.
"For governments, this means recognizing that indigenous communities are a part of the population to be appreciated and consulted, and whose full participation should be promoted at the local and national level," Francis told the indigenous leaders Wednesday.
In the waning days of the Obama administration, amid protests over construction that led to some 700 arrests, federal agencies that have authority over the reservoir said they would not give permission for pipe to be laid until an environmental study was done.
U.S. President Donald Trump reversed course and last month instructed the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to proceed with building the pipeline.
Francis' reference to prior consent is enshrined in the U.N. Declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples, which was adopted by the U.N. General Assembly in 2007 over the opposition of the U.S., Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
Francis' strong backing for indigenous groups and refugees, his climate change concerns and criticism of the global economy's profit-at-all-cost mentality highlight the policy differences with the Trump administration that may come out if the U.S. president meets with Francis while in Italy for a G-7 summit in May. There has been no confirmation of any meeting to date, however.
___
AP writer Daniela Petroff contributed.
BLYTHEWOOD, SC--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Spirax Sarco, the leader in products and services for steam system management, announces today that the company's National Food and Beverage Manager, Bernie Sapp, will be speaking at the Food Automation and Manufacturing Conference. This conference is taking place at the Naples Grande Beach Resort, Naples Florida on Sunday, April 23 - 26, 2017.
Mr. Sapp will be sharing his presentation titled 'How Healthy is your Steam System' on Tuesday, April 25, 2017, in the Solutions Theater - Track A, Acacia 1. The session will be 30 minutes, and the audience will learn the top five ways food and beverage companies can improve their plant's steam system.
"I am extremely pleased to be speaking about this topic to such a captivated audience, and I always welcome the opportunity to share my knowledge and best practices as they apply to this industry, my peers, and customers," said Bernie Sapp.
The 2017 Food Automation and Manufacturing Conference brings food and beverage processors and suppliers together to gain valuable information on the latest trends and technologies in manufacturing, automation, sustainability, and food safety. It provides a unique forum for world-class speakers presenting essential solutions and educational sessions on a variety of topics for food and beverage manufacturers. This gives attendees an important opportunity to re-energize their careers in a casual, highly productive networking event.
About Spirax Sarco, Inc.
For engineers around the world, Spirax Sarco is synonymous with excellence in steam system management. We offer the industry's most extensive range of products and services, coupled with expertise based on over a century of practical application across a variety of industries. In short, we create the solutions that set the benchmark for steam-using organizations worldwide, working alongside them to improve productivity, save energy and reduce waste.
Our commitment to customers is supported by over 1,100 dedicated engineers, a direct sales force in 55 countries worldwide, through which we serve customers in around 100 countries and complemented by substantial investment in state-of-the-art locally based manufacturing. Our aim is to help customers build a sustainable and profitable business, using their country and industry insight to tailor solutions precisely to their needs. Further information can be found at www.spiraxsarco.com/global/us.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G136006/Images/SAPP_Photo-bc85ff0bed20a78bbfcb5dcadbf48676.jpg
Tech Futurist Jack Uldrich to Keynote on Disruptive Technology Trends Poised to Create Change within Society & the Enterprise
BOISE, ID--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Cradlepoint, the global leader in cloud-based network solutions for connecting people, places and things over wired and wireless broadband, will host its fourth annual Global Partner Summit April 19 & 20, 2017 in Boise. The Summit brings together partners from across the globe who are embracing Cradlepoint solutions to connect, accelerate and grow in the age of Digital Transformation. Acclaimed global futurist and best-selling author, Jack Uldrich, will discuss the top ten most disruptive technology trends positioned to create exponential change and opportunity for people and partners alike, including 5G and IoT.
The invitation-only partner conference will feature company and partner program updates, emphasizing Cradlepoint's mission to deliver SDN and 4G LTE capabilities and usher in the future of 5G for the Connected Enterprise.
The Summit of over 20 breakout sessions will include a customer panel to highlight how Cradlepoint is solving real business issues across a variety of industries, enabling them to remain efficient in an evolving industry. An awards dinner will also be held to recognize top performing partners for their business performance and partnership during the previous year.
About Cradlepoint
Cradlepoint is the global leader in cloud-based network solutions for connecting people, places, and things over wired and wireless broadband. Cradlepoint NetCloud is a software and services platform that extends the company's 4G LTE-enabled multi-function routers and ruggedized M2M/IoT gateways with cloud-based management and software-defined network services. With Cradlepoint, customers can leverage the speed and economics of wired and wireless Internet broadband for branch, failover, mobile, and IoT networks while maintaining end-to-end visibility, security, and control. Over 15,000 enterprise and government organizations around the world -- including 75 percent of the world's top retailers, 50 percent of the Fortune 100, and 25 of the largest U.S. cities -- rely on Cradlepoint to keep critical sites, workforces, vehicles, and devices always connected and protected. Major service providers use Cradlepoint network solutions as the foundation for innovative managed service offerings. Cradlepoint is a privately held company headquartered in Boise, Idaho, with development centers in Silicon Valley and Kelowna, Canada, and offices in the UK, Australia, and Japan. Learn more at cradlepoint.com or follow us on Twitter @cradlepoint.
A worker took a tumble off the Toshiba sign in Times Square on Wednesday morning — miraculously landing on a ledge and escaping with only minor injuries, officials said.
The laborer slipped from his ladder while working on the iconic sign high above the Crossroads of the World around 10:50 a.m., authorities said.
He fell about 20 feet before landing on a ledge, according to the FDNY.
The worker, whose identity wasn't released, was taken to Bellevue Hospital with only minor injuries.
Oil traders with access to pipelines out of West Texas to export terminals along the Gulf Coast are raking it in from the rapid supply growth in the Permian Basin. The 800,000 barrel-a-day output surge in the past year has outpaced pipeline construction and filled existing lines, pushing prices of the region's crude to almost $13 a barrel below international benchmark Brent crude, the biggest discount in three years. That's about double the cost to ship the oil via pipeline and tanker from Texas to Europe, signaling U.S. exports are likely to increase.
Vancouver movers offer an intriguing insight into the limitations of renting a storage container
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - February 14, 2017) - Ferguson Moving & Storage has been serving Vancouver since 1916. As the city's longest lasting moving company, they've come across just about every scenario imaginable.
Last month the CBC broke a story about an innovative Vancouverite who tried to solve the expensive housing problem by converting a storage locker into a cheap rental. While the move was innovative and even understandable, it wasn't legal. However, this unlikely scenario became the inspiration for a two-part blog that tackles all the things you can't do with storage lockers. For more, go to: http://www.fergusonmoving.com/blog/illegal-things-just-cant-storage-containers-storage-facilities/
The laws that made the conversion illegal are tied to health and safety. After all, what would happen if there was a fire? No one would know that a person was present. Likewise, factors such as air quality and lack of electricity and sewage facilities are all reasons why storage facilities are not zoned for residential use.
For similar reasons, you also cannot convert a storage container into an office. It has been reported that one storage facility in Florida was turned into an artists' haven, where people were glass blowing and eventually building septic tanks! However, the article went on to make an excellent point-and it's an easy one to remember-storage units are not for running a business. They are not built to be offices, or anything resembling an environment for living things.
Ferguson Moving & Storage followed up their post with another about all the contents that are not allowed in storage units. Most of these may seem like common sense, but all scenarios that have been tried by someone at one point or another.
To learn more about what can't be done with a storage locker, read part two of the article at: http://www.fergusonmoving.com/blog/4-illegal-things-just-cant-storage-container-or-storage-facilities-even-vancouver/
About the Company
Established in 1916, Ferguson Moving & Storage is one of the oldest and most reputable companies in Canada. Since its inception, the company has provided clients with the best in business moving and storage services. With no hidden charges and all-inclusive quotes, Ferguson Moving & Storage takes special pride in the integrity of their business. For additional information regarding the types of services offered, please visit http://www.fergusonmoving.com or call at 604-922-2212.
President Donald Trump, first lady Melania Trump, French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife Brigitte Macron pose for a photo in front of Mount Vernon, the home of President George Washington, in Mount Vernon, Va., Monday, April 23, 2018. Susan Walsh AP Photo
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
As the interest on a 10-year Treasury bond briefly touched the symbolically significant threshold of 3 percent on Tuesday, market analysts and average investors alike wondered, what's next?
“Wall Street looks at it as a symbolic benchmark,” said Joseph Heider, president of Cirrus Wealth Management.
The stock market's recent wild ride has been blamed on several factors, but an enduring culprit is bond yields. “On February 2, when yields touched 2.9 percent, that sparked a dramatic stock market selloff,” said Mitchell Goldberg, president of ClientFirst Strategy.
Borrowing rates for consumers and corporations could rise. What kind of impact will that have on the economy? Borrowing rates for consumers and corporations could rise. What kind of impact will that have on the economy?
As much as the number itself, the speed with which this benchmark rate accelerated concerned investors, said David Frisch, president of Frisch Financial Group. “From December to February we did see a pretty significant increase, and I think there was a little bit of a spook factor,” he said. “Any time you see interest rates moving up quickly, then it gets a little bit scary… If it moves up more slowly, it's less of an issue.”
That's because this rate is a benchmark for a whole range of other borrowing rates, and when the price of acquiring or servicing debt rises, the investment community gets nervous about the economic repercussions. “The concerns are that… borrowing rates for both consumers and corporations are going to rise. What kind of impact will that have on both consumers and the earnings of companies?” Heider said.
“I think if you ask most people what's the yield on a 10-year Treasury, they're not going to know… but most people probably know what their mortgage rate is, their home equity line of credit is and what their credit card rate is,” Goldberg said. “They know the rates that are important to them, but almost every rate that we pay stems from the 10-year Treasury rate,” he said.
From the perspective of your portfolio, investing pros emphasized that there's no practical difference between the increase from 2.9 to 3 percent than there is for a move from 2.8 to 2.9 percent, or from 3 to 3.1 percent.
“By human nature, we like to anchor to certain round numbers,” said Steven Elwell, partner and vice president at Level Financial Advisors. “It's a nice round number, so it's easy to talk about,” he said.
When it comes to your portfolio, investment pros say the most important thing is not to make any knee-jerk responses.
“You should never make a wholesale change,” based on an arbitrary number, said George Kiraly Jr., founder of LodeStar Advisory Group, LLC. “Never make any changes during an event,” he said. “If you haven't done anything, you're probably better off tweaking your portfolio in a minor way,” he said, by dialing back any overexposure into riskier asset classes that can occur in a long-running bull market.
Heider echoed this observation, emphasizing that big moves during market volatility can be detrimental. “If you have a disciplined approach to your investing, you should stay the course and not panic. However, if your equity exposure has risen dramatically, this is a good time to look at potentially taking some profits off the table since nobody knows how the markets will react,” he said.
Related What a series of Fed rate hikes in 2018 will mean for you
And Elwell pointed out a silver lining to rising rates. “Rising interest rates for savers is probably good news,” he said.
Wall Street professionals are already looking ahead to the next threshold. “I'm more concerned if we go even higher,” Kiraly said. “I think the market's only pricing in three or four Fed rate increases,” for the year, he said. “If that's the path the Fed is on, we may get closer to 4 percent in a year or two, and that's going to be a real problem for stocks.”
Goldberg said it's important not to look at interest rates in a vacuum. A strong earnings climate bolsters investor sentiment and — so far, at least — has sustained the market at large.
“If we have good economic growth and rising interest rates, that's OK. If we have bad economic growth and rising interest rates, then I think we might be looking to sell off a bit,” Frisch said.
The Animal Foundation wants the community to take advantage of a weekend-long free adoption event to help find forever homes for cats and dogs six months and older.
The pet adoption promotion, which runs from May 18 through the 20th, is only available at the Animal Foundation's main campus at 655 North Mojave Road. Adoptions include spay/neuter surgery, microchipping and up-to-date vaccines. According to a media release, the shelter is preparing for the upcoming busy summer months.
Residents of Las Vegas and North Las Vegas are subject to a $10 city/government fee. Adoptions begin at 11 a.m. until 7 p.m.
The Animal Foundation is the highest volume single-site animal shelter and pet adoption center in the nation and provides refuge for thousands of homeless animals throughout the Las Vegas Valley, according to a media release.
For more information, visit the Animal Foundation's website.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Carol and Joe Allen, who renewed their vows days after their 60th wedding anniversary, on Valentine's Day.
It was a very special Valentine's Day for one San Diego couple, who celebrated their 60th wedding anniversary by renewing their vows on Valentine's Day in Escondido.
Carol and Joe Allen first met more than 60 years ago on a blind date, set up through mutual friends.
The couple hit it off and ended up tying the knot after six months.
"We knew each other for six months when we got married, but you learn a lot about each other in six months," Carol said.
The couple celebrated their anniversary late last week, and the staff at Felicita Vida Senior Living Center in Escondido decided to throw them a party so they could renew their vows.
In just a few days, the team there put together a celebration with friends and family in the living center's courtyard.
The special Valentine's Day ceremony makes all the Valentine's Day that much more special for the Iowa and Maine natives, Carol said.
"Who would've thought 60 years ago, we'd be sitting here today?" Carol said. "His health isn't that good, but we're living with it."
Carol said her husband is a wonderful father and husband.
"I don't have any complaints," she said. "I'm happy with my 60 years."
And the secret to making a marriage last for 60 years?
"Commitment," said Carol. "Commitment. Lots of give and take."
Two weeks ago, Danielle said, one of her husband's co-workers called her from Seattle and said, “Unplug your Alexa devices right now. You're being hacked.”
Danielle said they did not believe it. “At first, my husband was like, ‘No you didn't,' ” she said.
So the caller gave them a snippet.
“You sat there talking about hardwood floors,” he said, according to Danielle. “And we said, ‘Oh gosh, you really did hear us.' ”
Alexa quickly got the boot.
“We unplugged all of them and he proceeded to tell us that he had received audio files or recordings from inside our house,” she told the TV station.
Danielle said her next call was to Amazon, where an engineer confirmed what happened, said it was rare, and apologized “like 15 times in a matter of 30 minutes.” She said Amazon offered to tweak her system so she could continue using the smart-home features of the Echo Dot, but she wants it out of her house and her money back.
“A husband and wife in the privacy of their home have conversations that they're not expecting to be sent to someone (in) their address book," she said.
Amazon did not respond immediately to a request for comment from NBC News, but the company sent KIRO-TV the following statement: “Amazon takes privacy very seriously. We investigated what happened and determined this was an extremely rare occurrence. We are taking steps to avoid this from happening in the future.”
And in a subsequent statement to the tech site Ars Technica, Amazon offered a theory for how the unintended spying occurred:
"Echo woke up due to a word in background conversation sounding like 'Alexa.' Then, the subsequent conversation was heard as a 'send message' request. At which point, Alexa said out loud, 'To whom?' " Amazon said.
"The background conversation was interpreted as a name in the customer's contact list. Alexa then asked out loud, '[contact name], right?' Alexa then interpreted background conversation as 'right.' As unlikely as this string of events is, we are evaluating options to make this case even less likely."
Image copyright Getty Images
The number of people calling a domestic abuse helpline with concerns about a friend, neighbour or family member has risen by 15%.
Live Fear Free, a Welsh Government initiative, saw calls go from 583 between April 2016 and March 2017 to 671 in the same period to March 2018.
On Wednesday, domestic abuse survivors will meet ministers in Cardiff Bay to share their stories.
The government is launching a campaign encouraging people to report concerns.
Police forces in Wales dealt with 38,583 domestic abuse related incidents last year according to Home Office figures but experts fear that figure could be higher, as a large proportion of incidents go unreported.
The Don't Be a Bystander campaign will urge people to take action if they are worried someone could be at risk of domestic abuse.
Leader of the House and Chief Whip Julie James said: "We want to encourage everyone to act, to do something, however small or simple when they are worried that someone they know is, or may be experiencing violence, abuse or sexual violence. Just the very act of asking someone 'are you ok? can have a huge impact."
But the minister stressed people should not take matters in to their own hands.
"We do not advocate stepping in and intervening in a potentially dangerous situation or where people could get hurt - please call the police in this situation," she said.
"We want to create a culture where people feel empowered to help prevent violence against women, domestic abuse and sexual violence and to make Wales the safest place to be a woman."
'Strength to leave'
Lisa-Marie Flavin is confident, articulate - she is unafraid to speak her mind. But there was a dark period in her life when she became withdrawn and depressed and shut off from everyone around her.
She was in an emotionally abusive relationship and has described how her ex-boyfriend would hound her with texts and calls, wanting to know her every movement; who she was with, who she was talking to. That often led to rows.
That relationship ended 18 months ago after things came to a head.
"I went to a wedding one time with my friend and it was a wedding I'd been invited to before I met the perpetrator," she said. "But he turned up at the wedding anyway. He stormed on to the dance floor - and we had to leave. We had a big, blazing row outside and I was really embarrassed.
"I'd been telling all my friends about this wonderful person I'd met only for them all to see this crazy man storming into this wedding. It was so embarrassing. We then got in the car and he started swerving on the road threatening to crash the car...that was just one of many incidents".
"I'd be fast asleep and he'd wake me up in the middle of the night and say 'you've done this, you've done that with that person...' accusing me of cheating or speaking to an ex-boyfriend. It was completely ludicrous. He'd keep me up for hours in the night."
"I'd have to then get up for work and I was just absolutely exhausted and this pattern went on and on. That was the beginning of the demise of my mental health."
Her ex-partner was eventually convicted of harassment without violence and sentenced to 4 weeks in prison, suspended for 12 months. He was also given a restraining order.
Ms Flavin believes she would not have had the strength to leave without the support of her work colleagues, who encouraged her to go to the police.
"I'm really lucky I've had the support of my colleagues here. I don't know how I'd have got through it.
"I mean, that simple question, 'is everything ok at home?', if no-one had asked that I may well have still been in that abusive relationship and I've no doubt in my mind it would have escalated."
Police: Suspect in jail standoff shot himself in the jaw
Police: Suspect in jail standoff shot himself in the jaw
Police: Suspect in jail standoff shot himself in the jaw
CLOVIS, N.M. (AP) — A four-hour standoff at the Curry County Adult Detention Center ended when a prisoner shot and wounded himself with a gun he pulled from his clothing while being booked into the jail, authorities said Friday.
Curry County Sheriff Wesley Waller told the Eastern New Mexico News that 28-year-old Wesley Flores remained in stable condition at a Lubbock, Texas hospital after shooting himself in the jaw Thursday evening.
Flores was originally taken into custody on a warrant for failure to appear in court.
The standoff began about 2:45 p.m. Thursday when Flores took a detention center officer hostage at gunpoint. According to Waller, the arresting officer left Flores in a vestibule area while he went to the booking area. The detention officer then began a pat-down when Flores brandished the gun.
Authorities negotiated with the man, resulting in two deputies bringing the guard to safety. No jail personnel were injured.
Waller said that Flores refused to come out. Flores made statements indicating that he was going to die. He also disabled the surveillance camera inside the room, turned out the lights and quit communicating with the negotiator.
Waller said authorities tried to subdue Flores with pepper spray but he then shot himself. That's when a SWAT team utilized a flash-bang device and entered the vestibule.
It wasn't clear where Flores got the weapon or whether he was searched after initially being arrested. Authorities said the incident remains under investigation.
Flores will like face charges for the standoff, Waller said.
___
Information from: The Eastern New Mexico News, http://www.easternnewmexiconews.com
Marc-Andre Fleury hoisted the cup in 2017 with the Pittsburgh Penguins. (Photo: NHL)
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The Washington Capitals or Vegas Golden Knights will win the Stanley Cup for the first time.
History suggests the winner of Game 1 has the odds in its favor.
The team winning the opener the previous six years ended up hoisting the Cup. Since the Stanley Cup Final went to a best-of-seven format, the winner of Game 1 has gone on to hoist the Cup 61 of 78 times.
Washington has its second shot to earn the Cup, hoping it fares better than in 1998 when Detroit won in a sweep.
Vegas is aiming to be the first franchise in a major North American professional league to win a title in its first season since the NFL's Cleveland Browns in 1950.
More Stanley Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/StanleyCupFinals
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
What we eat can influence more than our waistlines. It turns out, our diets also help determine what we smell like.
A recent study found that women preferred the body odor of men who ate a lot of fruits and vegetables. Whereas men who ate a lot of carbohydrates gave off a smell that was less appealing.
Skeptical? At first, I was, too. I thought this line of inquiry must have been dreamed up by the produce industry. (Makes a good marketing campaign, right?!)
But it's legit. "We've known for a while that odor is an important component of attractiveness, especially for women," says Ian Stephen of Macquarie University in Australia. He studies evolution, genetics and psychology and is an author of the study.
From an evolutionary perspective, scientists say our sweat can help signal our health status, and could possibly play a role in helping attract a mate.
So, how did scientists evaluate the link between diet and the attractiveness of body odor?
They began by recruiting a bunch of healthy, young men. They assessed the men's skin using an instrument called a spectrophotometer. When people eat a lot of colorful veggies, their skin takes on the hue of carotenoids, the plant pigments that are responsible for bright red, yellow and orange foods.
"The carotenoids get deposited in our skin," explains Stephen. The spectrophotometer "flashes a light onto your skin and measures the color reflected back," says Stephen. The results are "a good indicator of how much fruits and vegetables we're eating," he says.
Stephen and his colleagues also had the men in the study compete food frequency questionnaires, so they could determine the men's overall patterns of eating. Then, men were given clean T-shirts and asked to do some exercise.
Afterwards, women in the study were asked to sniff the sweat. (Note: The methodology was much more scientific and precise than my breezy explanation, but you get the picture!) "We asked the women to rate how much they liked it, how floral, how fruity," and a bunch of other descriptors, explains Stephen.
It's a small study, but the results were pretty consistent. "Women basically found that men who ate more vegetables smelled nicer," Stephen told us.
Men who ate a lot of meat did not produce a sweat that was any more — or less — attractive to women. But meat did tend to make men's odor more intense.
"This is not the first study to show that diet influences body odor," says George Preti, an adjunct professor in the dermatology department at the University of Pennsylvania and a member of the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia.
A study published in 2006 found that women preferred the odor of men who ate a non-meat diet, "characterized by increased intakes of eggs, cheese, soy, fruit and vegetables."
But Preti points out that the relationship between diet and body odor is indirect.
Some people think if they eat a garlic or onion — or a piece of meat — they will smell like that food. "But that's not what happens," Preti says. Your breath might smell like the food you eat, but not your sweat.
Body odor is created when the bacteria on our skin metabolize the compounds that come out of our sweat glands.
"The sweat doesn't come out smelly," Preti explains, "It must be metabolized by the bacteria that live on the surface of the skin."
Now, of course, at a time when good hygiene and deodorant use are commonplace, is the smell of our sweat a big concern?
I put that question to the happy-hour crowd at a bar down the street from the NPR headquarters in Washington, D.C.
"I'm pretty OK with my smell," Stefan Ruffini told me. That evening he was ordering a burger on a bun and a side of fries, along with a beer. When I told him about the findings of the study, he laughed it off.
"I've got a girlfriend, so I don't worry about these things!"he said.
The study did not assess diet and odor attractiveness among same-sex couples.
"As a lesbian, I haven't smelled a man in several years," Stacy Carroll, who was also at happy hour, told me. "I eat a lot of produce, I have a girlfriend, so it's working out!"
Carroll says people who eat a lot of fruits and vegetables are more likely to be interested in their health --"feeling good, looking fit" — than their smell.
Sophie Choudry Tweeted Against Saroj Khan's Disgusting Statements!
"WTH?!!!! So much respect for Saroj-ji as a choreographer but this is how she uses her position to protect girls?!!! If I didn't come from a financially sound background I would have returned to London within a month of being in mumbai cos of "industry folk" who think like that!!"
Saroj Khan's ILLOGICAL statement on Casting couch; Watch video | FilmiBeat
Nobody Wants To Sleep Around For Work
"Can't begin to think what thousands of girls go through in the hope that their "dreams" will come true! Nobody wants to sleep with someone for work. But they are made to feel it's the only way & "acceptable". And for those who don't, it's a tough road! This has to stop! #TimesUp," Sophie Choudry summed it up.
No Respect To Saroj Khan Says Sri Reddy
"I lost respect for you Saroj ma'am. Being an elder you should give a good path to young actresses. It is giving a wrong indication that you have to be a slave to producers," said Telugu actress Sri Reddy.
Sri Reddy's Ordeal
Telugu actress Sri Reddy took on the casting couch by stripping on the streets and sent a strong message to the sexual predators who demand favours from actresses.
Saroj Khan Apologises, But There's No Value!
Saroj Khan apologised for her statements for defending the casting couch and her apology was just a simple, "I apologise for my statement." We wonder did she really mean that she's sorry or said it just for the heck of it.
William Stuart Greer, 70, died Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2017. He was the son of the late William Walton Greer and Irene Stuart Greer, formerly of Whiteville. A military graveside service was held Friday, Sept. 26 at Greenlawn Memorial Park in Columbia. He is survived by his wife, Barbara Greer of Columbia, S.C.; two daughters, Leigh Ann Greer Vogel of Irving, Calif. and Laura Greer McHenry of Arlington, Va. and siblings, Jimmy Greer of Whiteville, Jacquelyn Greer Sherrod of Roxboro and Lucille Greer Page of Gainesville, Fla.
NR Boost
Mansfield Town boss Steve Evans was proud to see his side stay in the play-off hunt, despite a 1-1 home draw with rivals Luton Town this afternoon.
Stags were in the driving seat through an Alfie Potter striker until Danny Hylton levelled from the penalty spot to leave Mansfield still two points adrift of the top seven.
But Evans said: “I was proud of our effort – in the last 10 minutes to go toe to toe with Luton and actually take the game to them with waves of attack and them hanging on, it does show you how far we've come.
Click HERE to read the match report
“I was prepared to lose today in trying to win which is why we laid siege to their box.
“We know what we have to do now. If we can get another four out the next six points I think we'll take it to the last day.
“The two point deficit is still there and a lot of good teams are still fighting for those places.
“We were left with the hardest run-in of anyone in the top group – we knew that when we walked in the door.
“But I always thought it would be an exciting way if we were involved in the shake-up.
“We have to go to Stevenage now and that's going to be tough. They are on a wonderful run of form.”
On the Luton game, he added: “It was ferocious. Both teams had good spells in the game and both teams dominated at certain times of the game.
“I think we've seen a good Luton team today and I'd like to be building a team from fresh to compete against the likes of them and the three sides that have gone up today – congratulations to Doncaster, Plymouth and Portsmouth.
“They are three wonderful football clubs with good managers and, from a neutral point of view, I think the three best teams in the division have gone up today.”
Evans was again left frustrated by penalty decisions. Although after looking back at the incident he agreed Luton's was the correct decision, he said the issue was Stags didn't get one when Scott Cuthbert wrestled George Taft to the ground from a corner.
“It's frustrating,” he said. “ We put in a good first half performance when I thought we were exceptional.
“We scored a goal and how we've not got a penalty for holding against our central defender from a set play is beyond me.
“In fairness, I didn't think Luton's was a penalty at the time. I watched it back and I can understand why he gave it as the arm was up as George was turning. But the disappointment is he gives it in one box and not the other
“It's been a tale of penalties for us in recent times.
“Luton then had a little period in the second half where for 20 minutes they were better than us. Then for the last 10 minutes and in added time they were holding on.
“We go away disappointed but we're still alive and kicking with three games to go and still in the mix with four or five other clubs.
“No one expected that really. We had to believe and we do believe.”
By TJH
Win McNamee/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — The decision on whether to strike North Korea ultimately rests with President Donald Trump, his top military adviser told reporters at a news conference Monday, adding that the focus is now on diplomatic and economic efforts to solve the standoff.
The United States is watching closely whether Pyongyang will fire missiles near Guam, with North Korea's stated “mid-August” deadline for doing so falling Tuesday on a major Korean holiday, Liberation Day, Gen. Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told ABC News' Martha Raddatz.
“I don't know if they're going to do what they say they're going to do. But we're not complacent about it,” Dunford told ABC News after the news conference in Seoul. “We're paying attention to everything that they say, everything that they do and we're preparing accordingly.”
Dunford attempted to reassure Americans, as well as Japanese and South Koreans, that the U.S. military has the “capability to defend them against a limited attack that North Korea is capable of delivering today.”
Asked during his news conference about Trump's rhetoric and whether it has made the situation worse, Dunford said the president is communicating to a number of different audiences, including North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and China.
“My job is not to access whether the president's rhetoric is helpful or not,” Dunford said. “My job is to make sure that when a president makes a decision, and he makes a decision to use military force, that I provide him with good options.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Politics
Extends Partnership with Samsung to Power Samsung Places on Galaxy S8
SEATTLE, WA--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Hiya, the global leader in caller profile and phone spam protection, today announced the launch of its Hiya Business Profiles product, the innovative new way for consumers to find and contact businesses without ever needing to leave the dialer. Samsung Places, available today on the Samsung Galaxy S8, is the first implementation of Hiya Business Profiles. The new feature will replace the "Favorites" tab in the native dialer and provide users with an integrated search and discovery experience that has never been offered before.
Most mobile business searches originate via web search or third-party apps even when the intent is to place a call. Designed to eliminate superfluous steps in the click-to-call process, Hiya Business Profiles provides users with all the context they need to find and contact a nearby business from one screen. With Hiya Business Profiles powering Samsung Places, Galaxy S8 users can make 100 percent of their calls directly from the dialer, whether it's to friends, family, their doctor, a restaurant, or any other local business.
According to BIA/Kelsey, 85 billion consumer-to-business phone calls were made in 2016, which drove $1 trillion in US consumer spending. With Samsung Places, the experience of finding and calling businesses is integrated in the dialer and does not require context switching between multiple apps. Whether searching for an emergency plumber, a florist, or a nearby restaurant, all calls can now be executed through the same experience as that of calling your mom.
"Phone calls remain the most effective interaction for businesses and consumers and yet, calling a business is a needlessly cumbersome process," said Mayur Kamat, VP Product at Hiya. "With Hiya Business Profiles in place, Samsung Galaxy S8 users will never have to leave the dialer to call a business. Simply put, the Samsung phone app is getting smarter."
With Hiya Business Profiles, Hiya has partnered with various third parties, including Yelp and Whitepages to provide the most relevant results. Hiya uses Yelp's new Fusion API v3 to power rich business data and Yelp ratings directly in Hiya Business Profiles and Samsung Places.
Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ users will now experience a new and easy navigation from their phone app:
1. When users open the phone app, they will see a new tab called Places next to their Log and Contacts tabs.
2. Users can quickly search, find and call any local business right from the dialer.
3. Users will have the option to find new businesses directly from the phone app by searching categories such as Restaurants, Shopping, Health, Automotive, Financial, Travel, Public Services, and more.
4. Places will also recommend relevant businesses to the user based on their location and time of day.
Hiya Business Profiles is launching in 27 countries in the Americas, Europe, Asia and Australia. Hiya Caller Profiles also already power Smart Call, Samsung's caller ID and spam protection service that is being upgraded for the Galaxy S8 with faster performance, richer business data and Hiya's newest Reputation Services Engine for industry-leading spam protection.
About Hiya
Hiya is revolutionizing the way people make and receive phone calls. With a mission to provide a better phone experience, Hiya Caller and Business Profiles provide users with important context, giving them the right information at the right time. Through analysis of more than 3.5 billion calls and texts per month, Hiya protects tens of millions of users from unwanted robo and spam calls globally. Hiya is available as a consumer app on Google Android and iPhone and is integrated into the phone experience for AT&T Call Protect, T-Mobile Name ID, ZTE Axon 7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S8 users worldwide. For more information, please visit www.hiya.com.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/18/11G136071/Images/Hiya_Powers_Samsung_Places-fad6ce61d22b9ead934c8756ea056ee5.jpeg
"I think that's like the age-old psychological core issue for any situation," the actress said. "Anybody who has had an experience with a parent that is absent, it's going to manifest."
In the Alabama Republican Senate race, every candidate wants to be just like Donald Trump.
But in Tuesday's primary, the leading candidate sounds and acts more like the president, while it's the incumbent, an appointed senator just fighting to make it into a likely runoff, who has Trump's actual blessing — but also the curse of being Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's favorite candidate.
That's the conundrum of the Republican contest, largely seen as a three-way race between front-runner Roy Moore, a controversial former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice; Sen. Luther Strange, appointed back in February to fill the seat of now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions; and Rep. Mo Brooks, who's seized on an anti-McConnell platform as the president's attacks against the Senate's top Republican have intensified recently.
Moore has consistently polled atop the field, and looks likely to claim a spot in a probable September runoff. His ads sound downright Trumpian, promising to "drain the swamp" and taking a swipe at D.C. elites.
Moore is well-known throughout the state — and the country — too. He first gained national notoriety when he refused to remove a monument of the Ten Commandments from a state judicial building despite a federal court order; Moore himself was then removed from his position as chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court in 2003. He won election to the same post again in 2012, but was then suspended after he ordered judges to enforce the state's ban on same-sex marriage despite the Supreme Court's 2015 decision in favor of gay marriage nationwide under the federal Constitution. He resigned earlier this year to challenge Strange.
To state observers, it's not surprising that Moore has been able to build a strong following and even expand beyond what might be his typical conservative base in the state.
"Alabama voters supported Trump because he spoke his mind and said all the things they had been thinking about government," said Brent Buchanan, a GOP strategist and pollster in the state. "Out of all the candidates, Roy Moore has some of those similar characteristics. You may not agree with all of his policy or personal preferences, but you know that Roy Moore is going to do what Roy Moore believes."
That's why it was so, well, strange last week when Trump tweeted out his support for Strange, saying the incumbent has his "complete and total endorsement!"
The senator has benefited from millions of dollars in ads from the McConnell-aligned Senate Leadership Fund super PAC. The very next day after endorsing Strange, Trump started going on Twitter tirades against the GOP Senate leader for failing to pass a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
Strange has tried to prove his loyalty to the president ever since he was appointed under less than auspicious circumstances. As Alabama's attorney general, Strange was investigating then-Gov. Robert Bentley for misuse of his office amid a sex scandal when Bentley chose Strange to replace Sessions. Facing impeachment, Bentley eventually resigned, and the new governor, Kay Ivey, moved up the date for the special election to replace Sessions long-term.
Polling done in the wake of Trump's surprise endorsement showed that the president's blessing had done little — yet — to move the needle toward Strange. One by cygnal, Buchanan's firm, conducted partly after the endorsement, showed Moore still with a lead and high favorables, Strange remained static and it was Brooks who took a hit.
Buchanan said the Trump endorsement could help Strange turn out some who were less likely to vote on Tuesday, which could be key in what's already expected to be a very low-turnout affair.
And the pro-Trump America First Action super PAC also announced late Friday it would be spending up to $200,000 on digital ads targeting Trump voters to encourage them to come out for Strange.
However, although he's slipping in polling, Brooks is hoping to turn McConnell's fervent support for Strange into a last-ditch way to get into the likely runoff against Moore. He's hitched a "Ditch Mitch" banner to his campaign bus in the final days, and in his closing ad he echoes Trump's frustration with McConnell's inability to push through an Obamacare repeal.
"McConnell and Strange are weak, but together we can be strong," Brooks says. "Mr. President, isn't it time we tell McConnell and Strange, 'You're fired?'"
Ultimately, the Huntsville-area congressman hasn't had the resources the other two candidates have had, and he hasn't been elected statewide before like Moore and Strange. And, perhaps most damaging, he was certainly no fan of Trump during the GOP presidential primaries last year, during which he supported Texas Sen. Ted Cruz. McConnell's super PAC has pointed that out in ads, saying Brooks sided with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass.
If Strange does fall short of the runoff, University of Alabama political science professor emeritus William Stewart, a longtime political observer in the state, said that's a big problem for McConnell. And, if Strange does make it to the likely September runoff, expect that to be a big point Moore can use against Strange, too.
"The McConnell support for Strange will not be helpful because McConnell, as the president says, hasn't been successful at pushing through the president's agenda, " Stewart said. "If Strange doesn't make the runoff, that's a definite blow to McConnell," more so than Trump.
Polling shows Moore is still the favorite against Strange in a runoff, and that's where the McConnell ties could be the most deadly — and place the president in a more precarious spot given his surprising endorsement. Stewart said it would be interesting to watch how much Trump puts his muscle behind Strange later, and something like traveling to Alabama — one of Trump's best states in 2016 — for a rally on the senator's behalf would certainly give Strange a boost.
No matter who wins the GOP nomination though, they'll be the heavy favorite in the December general election, even if it's the more controversial Moore. Democrats are expected to nominate Doug Jones, a former U.S. attorney, though he could face a runoff against the aptly-named Robert Kennedy Jr., a Naval veteran who is not related to the famous Democratic political family.
If Moore is the GOP nominee, it will be interesting to watch whether the Democrats can make it even a mildly competitive contest — something Stewart, the former University of Alabama professor, said is doubtful, and is emblematic of the problems the party faces overall in the South.
"Right now the Democratic Party is very impotent here," Stewart said. "I think whomever the Republicans choose as their nominee will be the winner."
Oscar nominees get tons of free stuff — even if they lose It's an honor just to be nominated, the cliché goes. But earning an Academy Award nomination is much more than that. Even the actors and actresses who won't win an...
How the sausage gets made at the Oscars of porn It might be the hardest job in movies. On Saturday night in Las Vegas, at the porn industry's Oscars, the nearly three months spent combing through 10,000 contenders will culminate...
Here are our picks for this year's Golden Globes winners The 75th annual Golden Globe Awards air Sunday night on NBC. Here's which TV shows and movies our critics think will take home the top trophies. Television Best Series, Drama...
How to make awards shows suck less The red carpet needs a vacuum. Unbearable, four-hour-plus awards shows have trotted out the same dusty formula for close to 100 years: familiar names, monotonous speeches and lame-o zingers. Nothing...
Who will win big at this year's Emmy Awards? The Emmy Awards air Sunday night on CBS, and although “Game of Thrones” is out of the running this year, the field is competitive nonetheless. Here's who we think will...
READ ISLAND, B.C- Though the wildfire on Read Island is still out of control, the Coastal Fire Center said crews are optimistic that designation will change by the end of the day.
According to the BC Wildfire Service, the fire is located towards the middle of the island, south of Mount William and west of Bird Cove.
Coastal Fire said that crews have managed to create a ‘hose-lay' around about 80% of the fire, which means they have access to extinguish flames in all of that area.
The fire center added that crews are not expecting problems from the wind, as they were anticipating it and prepared the necessary resources to deal with it.
The fire, which started on Monday, is currently estimated at 8 hectares.
15 personnel and 1 helicopter are still on the scene, including two tree fallers to create access.
We will be updating as the story progresses.
A group of young men from different backgrounds are putting their passion, creativity and enthusiasm into trying to positively impact the lives of local teens and young adults.
A Greater Good Foundation, based in Chicago, provides mentoring and educational services to grade school, high school and college students.
Doing everything from being drivers for ride services to doing personal fundraising, the organization's founders and leaders are doing whatever they can to finance the Greater Good Foundation.
“We have used personal money. We have driven Uber and Lyft,” said Charles Carter, one of the organization's founders. “We have reached out to friends and family. We are going to do whatever is necessary. If somebody makes $40, it goes back into the program.”
It was Memorial Day Weekend 2016 — when 69 people were shot in Chicago, 17 of them fatally — that was the catalyst for Carter and his fellow recent graduates to band together to do something.
They created the Greater Good Foundation, an organization that encourages youths to think outside the box. They provide the support and resources for youths to imagine and innovate beyond their circumstantial limitations.
“We don't want kids to feel stuck in their neighborhood,” co-founder Anthony Garland said. “We want to take them out and experience different environments.”
Part of the group's long-range plan is to establish its own boarding school so clients are taken out of the environments that have led to problems.
“We only have them for a couple of hours,” Garland said of Greater Good's school and mentoring efforts. “It might be better for some of them to remove them from their neighborhoods.
Being in their young 20s, the organization's key leaders are the same age as an older brother or neighborhood friend of the client, Carter noted. He said being closer in age to kids helps in relating to them and makes it easier to get a positive message through to them, he said. They are already seeking out the next round of young 20-somethings to mentor kids.
The foundation's educational program is already being used at Meca Elementary Christian School in Bellwood, Triton College's Triumph program and the Proviso Township School District 209 alternative school.
Joseph Adams, vice president of student development, said that group's educational efforts focus on development of students' minds, bodies and spirits.
“We want them to experience and see things, not just basketball,” Adams said on a recent day when the group's leaders were playing basketball against mentored youths in Bellwood. “We talk about stress and how to deal with it, how to bear it. We want them to know that they can serve other people, that there is room for messages of hope.”
Read the current issue of the Cook County Chronicle
Free subscription to the digital edition of the Cook County Chronicle
— Chicago-based foundation encourages youths to think outside the box —
CTV Ottawa
The city of Ottawa held a massive party to say goodbye to 2016 and welcome a new year filled with celebrations for Canada's 150th year.
“Tonight we go from saying be here for Canada's big year to Canada's big year happens right here in Ottawa,” said Ottawa mayor Jim Watson at City Hall.
Saturday's events started with a gathering at the Marion Dewar plaza featuring free food, drink and entertainment. The main show was the lighting of the cauldron that started a human chain of 425 local children holding torches in a line to Parliament Hill.
Mayor Jim Watson lit the first torch that was then passed on to a young Syrian refugee named Yamama. Speaking through a translator Yamama said she was ‘proud being the first one in line'.
Once on the hill two separate firework shows lit up the sky with performances by artists such as Country star Brett Kissel and Pop artist Carlie Rae Jepson in between.
The heavy snow falling from the sky making some feel like they were inside a snow globe with environment Canada predicting 10-15 cm.
Officials planning Ottawa 2017 said this event was the kick-off for many more to come for Canada's 150th anniversary year.
“The Red Bull crashed ice in March, four days celebrations of the 125th Stanley cup, the Juno Awards coming to our city, Continuum – a world first underground multimedia production at the Lyon Station,” said Guy Laflamme, Executive Director of Ottawa 2017.
The first known attack was in the spring of 2016, when MoneyTaker hit First Data's STAR network (the largest transfer messaging system for ATMs in the US). They also compromised Russia's AW CRB network, and swiped documents for OceanSystems' Fed Link system used by roughly 200 banks across the Americas. And in some cases, the group stuck around after the initial heist -- at least one US bank's documents were stolen twice, while the perpetrators kept spying on Russian bank networks.
While it's not clear who's behind MoneyTaker, you're only hearing about them now because they're particularly clever. They've repeatedly switched their tools and methods to bypass software, and have taken care to erase their tracks. For instance, they've 'borrowed' security certificates from the US federal government, Bank of America, Microsoft and Yahoo. One Russian bank did manage to spot an attack and return some of the ill-gotten gains.
This particular hack didn't directly affect users, since it was more about intercepting bank-to-bank transfers than emptying personal accounts. However, it illustrates both the sophistication of modern bank hacks and the vulnerability of the banks themselves. While it would be difficult to completely prevent hacks, it's clear that attackers are having a relatively easy time making off with funds and sensitive data.
Business magazine Forbes, famous for its annual ranking of the world's wealthiest, is launching a French edition to chart President Emmanuel Macron's progress in turning his country into a "startup nation".
Forbes is a fortnightly magazine but the French-language edition, which will hit newsstands Friday, will be published only every three months.
The first issue will retrace the 100-year history of the publication and look ahead to the next 100 through interviews with business magnates including Microsoft founder Bill Gates, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and French internet billionaire Xavier Niel.
France has a reputation for being a place where it is difficult to do business and for being sniffy towards the self-made.
Forbes first stuck a toe in the market last year by launching a French-language website.
"Many people say France is becoming the 'startup nation' and the discourse is changing. We have a president who is promoting entrepreneurship and free enterprise," Dominique Busso, the media entrepreneur behind the venture, told AFP.
"We must not be afraid to say that you can succeed in France, nor have fear of failure," Busso said, echoing former investment banker Macron, who has said he wishes more young French people dreamed of becoming billionaires.
The French magazine is being produced under licence from Forbes.
It will contain some material translated from the American edition but give pride of place to local content.
The first issue will have a print run of 100,000 copies.
WEST HOLLYWOOD, CA (CBS Local) – Love is no match for man's best friend. According to a new survey, an overwhelming number of adults would dump their partner if they didn't like their dog.
A survey of 3,500 dog owners conducted by dog-walking service Wag!, found that 86 percent of respondents would end a relationship if their boyfriend or girlfriend couldn't get along with their dog.
“It comes as no surprise to us at Wag! that dog parents place a premium on their dogs' opinions of other humans and that this plays a deciding factor in their love lives,” company CEO Hilary Schneider said, via StudyFinds.
In some cases, spouses are even taking a back seat to their husband or wife's four-legged friend. 16 percent of married dog owners said they preferred celebrating their pet's birthday over their own spouse's.
However, the news isn't all bad as dogs were found to be the key to many people's hearts. Over 70 percent of people surveyed said they were more likely to “swipe right” if a person's online dating profile featured their pup. Six in 10 adults claim they were flirted with while walking their furry friend.
For singles, Wag! says forget the pickup lines and get a dog. Nearly 80 percent of dog owners admit they'd be more likely to go home with someone if that person said they had a dog there waiting to meet them.
Three days after he had been banned from the roads a 39-year-old man was caught drunk driving with a five-month-old child on his lap, Craigavon Magistrates Court heard last Wednesday.
Irmantas Kuros, Clendenning Way, Portadown, was sentenced to a total of seven months in prison for a series of motoring offences.
For driving while disqualified, dangerous driving and not having insurance on October 24 he was given three months in prison and banned from driving for five years. He was fined £350 and banned for five years or failing to provide a specimen of breath.
For driving while unfit on November 28 he was jailed for four months and disqualified for six years. A concurrent four month prison term and six year ban were imposed or not having insurance while he was jailed for three months for resisting a constable and four months for driving while disqualified.
The custodial sentences from October 24 are to run concurrent while the terms on November 28 are to run consecutively making a total of seven months in prison.
The court heard that on October 24 last year at 3.40pm police travelling on the Mahon Road in Portadown saw a car coming towards them and noticed that the driver had a baby on his lap.
They turned around and attempted to stop him using blue lights and sirens. While doing this they noticed the driver handing the child to a front seat passenger who turned out to be an 11-year-old boy.
Police pulled the car over to the side of the road and spoke to the defendant who was driving. A preliminary breath test with a reading of 108.
Checks revealed that three days previously he had been banned from driving at Craigavon court.
He was arrested and taken to Armagh custody suite where he refused to provide a sample of breath. A barrister representing the defendant said in the pre-sentence report his client accepted full responsibility for his actions.
Uber Faces Major Fallout from Massive Hack, Alleged Cover-Up
Uber's admission that it took more than a year to disclose the theft of personal data from 57 million customers and drivers has now drawn two lawsuits and a federal probe.
Compounding the ride-hailing titan's woes are news reports that it paid the hackers $100,000 to destroy the pilfered data, and that its new CEO knew about the breach for more than two months before revealing it to customers and drivers.
The hack and its fallout are just the latest problems to strike a firm that is already a target for harsh criticism about its management -- from claims it fostered a reckless, misogynist company culture that led to sexual harassment and bullying, to revelations about use of secret technology for evading authorities' oversight, to a trade-secrets lawsuit by Google self-driving spinoff Waymo, and an $8.9 million fine levied Nov. 20 by Colorado over drivers with serious criminal and driving-infraction records.
The beleaguered San Francisco company's latest personal-data trouble started in October 2016, when hackers broke into its systems and downloaded names, email addresses and cell phone numbers of 57 million Uber customers, along with names and driver's license numbers of some 600,000 U.S. Uber drivers, according to statements from the company.
Such information is commonly used for identity theft, which can result in criminals obtaining credit cards and loans in victims' names, or looting their bank accounts.
It wasn't until Tuesday that Uber, in a statement from CEO Dara Khosrowshahi, revealed the breach to customers, drivers and the public. And according to a new report, Khosrowshahi had learned of the hack two weeks after he took the reins of the company Sept. 5, according to the Wall Street Journal, which cited unnamed people said to be familiar with the matter.
In his Tuesday statement disclosing the 2016 hack, Khosrowshahi said he had "recently" learned of it.
The breach, and Uber's response to it, drew two lawsuits soon after the company announced it had been hacked. Both suits seek class-action status.
On Tuesday, Alejandro Flores of Los Angeles launched a suit on behalf of himself and people who were Uber customers or drivers at the time of the breach. The legal action takes aim at the gap of more than a year between Uber's discovery of the hack and its public disclosure.
"Customers, and drivers had no chance to protect their identity and their information," said the suit filed in Central District of California U.S. District Court.
Flores also claims credit card and Social Security numbers were stolen, along with dates of birth. If true, that would put customers and drivers at increased risk of identity theft and fraud.
Khosrowshahi had said in his statement that the company's "outside forensic experts" found no indication that dates of birth, or credit card or Social Security numbers were taken.
Uber did not immediately respond to a question about whether those types of data were stolen, or to additional questions about the breach and the company's response. The lawyers representing Flores did not immediately respond to a request for information about the claims of stolen birth dates and credit card and Social Security numbers.
The other lawsuit, filed Wednesday by Danyelle Townsend and Ken Tew, highlights an allegation in a Nov. 21 Bloomberg report that Uber -- under previous CEO Travis Kalanick -- had paid the hackers to delete the stolen data and keep quiet about it.
"Rather than alerting regulators, law enforcement and victims of the Data Breach, Uber sought to conceal the Data Breach by paying the hackers $100,000 to destroy the stolen data and to promise to keep the Data Breach secret from the public and regulators," the suit filed in Northern California U.S. District Court said.
This legal action also includes claims about personal data beyond what Uber has admitted was stolen.
"Also potentially at risk are additional pieces of personally identifiable information generally available in Uber customer accounts including: location history, credit card numbers, bank account numbers, Social Security Numbers, dates of birth and other information," the suit claims.
Fallout from the hack goes beyond the courts. The Federal Trade Commission said it was "closely evaluating the serious issues raised" by the breach, Reuters reported Wednesday.
The huge hack is not the first data-security issue to put Uber into authorities' sights. In August, the FTC announced that it had reached a settlement with Uber after a hacker accessed names and driver's license numbers of more than 100,000 drivers in 2014. Uber had failed to take "reasonable, low-cost measures" to properly secure its database, the FTC said. In the settlement, Uber agreed to 20 years of independent audits to certify it had an effective privacy program.
That data breach also led to a settlement between Uber and New York's attorney general, which included a $20,000 fine for failing to provide drivers and authorities with timely notice of the hack.
The legal and regulatory problems come as Uber readies itself to go public in 2019, and negotiates with SoftBank over a multi-billion-dollar investment that would give the Japanese tech titan a 14 percent to 20 percent stake in Uber, which is valued at nearly $70 billion.
Although Uber waited until this week to publicly disclose the massive breach of customer and driver data, it told SoftBank about the hack about three weeks earlier, according to the Wall Street Journal.
© 2017 San Jose Mercury News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
Are you ready for National Doughnut Day?
The “holiday” is set for Friday (we can call it a holiday, right?) and we bet you're wondering where you can snag a free or discounted doughnut.
Well, it depends on where in the country you live, as not all these chains have locations everywhere, but it's worth looking up and seeing where your closest free-doughnut options are.
Also, if you have a favorite local store, look it up on social media: it appears many mom-and-pop shops and smaller businesses are running deals and promotions of their own.
For now, let's talk about the big players and what they're offering Friday:
Krispy Kreme: One free doughnut of your choice. No purchase necessary. This is available only at participating shops across the U.S. and Canada.
Dunkin' Donuts: One free classic donut of your choice when you buy any beverage. The offer is good all day at participating Dunkin' locations nationwide.
Tim Hortons: This year, Timmy's isn't offering a freebie, per se. Instead, if you visit one of the chain's five locations in Buffalo, New York; Columbus, Ohio; or Detroit, and you ask for the “Gold Timbits” just after 6 a.m., you could win free doughnuts for a year. There's no purchase necessary. For more details, visit the company's website.
Cumberland Farms: One free doughnut with the purchase of any "dispensed beverage." The deal is valid at participating locations from 5 a.m. to 10 p.m.
Papa John's: A free order of caramel-crème-filled doughnut holes with any online pizza order. Yes, you're reading this correctly: Papa John's as in the pizza chain. And yes, the doughnut holes are new -- for those of you who aren't familiar with the product. They're debuting as a menu item just in time for Friday, and they'll only be available for a limited time.
Graham Media Group 2018
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled Tuesday that foreign corporations cannot be sued for damages in U.S. courts for aiding in terrorist attacks or other human rights violations. The vote was 5-to-4.
Writing for the conservative majority, Justice Anthony Kennedy said the"courts are not well suited to make the required policy judgments implicated by corporate liability in cases like this one."
Rather, the political branches — Congress and the executive — should deal with these issues, he said.
The court's ruling came in a case brought against the Jordan-based Arab Bank by victims of terrorist attacks in Gaza and on the West Bank. The survivors of and relatives of those killed in the attacks say that the bank, which has a branch in New York, facilitated the attacks by "transferring funds to terrorist groups in the Middle East."
They sued in the U.S. under the Alien Tort Statute, a law enacted in 1789 that was aimed originally at piracy but authorizes suits to be brought in U.S. courts for violations of international law.
The court majority, however, said that while the purpose of the statute was "to promote harmony" in international relations, the Arab Bank case and others like it produce contrary results.
For 13 years, the court observed, this case has caused "considerable diplomatic tension with Jordan, a critical ally that considers the ATS litigation an affront to its sovereignty."
And that was not the purpose of the first Congress, which enacted it.
Although all five of the court's conservative justices signed onto the court's bottom line, three of them — Justices Clarence Thomas, Samuel Alito and Neil Gorsuch — would have gone even further in closing the door to any new type of lawsuits under the statute. Each of them wrote separately to say as much.
The court's four liberal justices dissented. Writing for them, Justice Sonia Sotomayor said that "by categorically foreclosing corporate liability," the court "absolves corporations from responsibility under the ATS for conscience-shocking behavior."
Joining her dissent were Justices Stephen Breyer, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Elena Kagan.
The Arab Bank lauded the decision. It wrote in a statement:
"Arab Bank is pleased with the Court's decision, which ends this litigation and affirms the Bank's belief that there is no basis to hold corporations liable under international law. The Bank looks forward to focusing its full attention on its business, its commitment to safe and sound banking and its dedication to the service of its customers across the globe."
Yankees give Miguel Andujar a look at a new position TAMPA — Miguel Andujar, who had been vying for the starting job at third before the acquisition of Brandon Drury and Neil Walker, played first base for Double-A Trenton in...
Yankees add longtime power threat as Greg Bird insurance TAMPA — Signed to a minor league contract, Adam Lind said the reason he picked the Yankees was because he saw a great opportunity. With fellow left-handed hitter Greg Bird...
Mets turn their attention toward acquiring a bat The Mets ideally would like to add three bats and call it a winter. But with free agency throughout the industry moving at a glacial pace, team officials remain in...
The obstacles standing in the way of a Mets-Jay Bruce reunion Jay Bruce remains open to a reunion with the Mets, but to this point, discussions between the team and the free-agent outfielder's representatives have been limited, according to an industry...
Adam Lind would be a sign the Mets have lost it If Adam Lind is the answer, the Mets need to come up with a better question. Since the general managers' meetings, the Mets and Sandy Alderson have made it clear...
Mets open to trading away some of their starting pitching depth ORLANDO, Fla. — As much as the Mets are wary of trading from their potential starting pitching depth, general manager Sandy Alderson is open to the proposition. In an attempt...
Where Mets will focus as GM meetings begin ORLANDO, Fla. — The Mets can use an upgrade just about everywhere, but their priorities appear set. Over the next four days at the general managers' meetings, Sandy Alderson and...
PSA Group, owner of the Peugeot, Citroen and DS brands, is holding advanced talks with General Motors about buying its European division (which includes Opel and Vauxhall).
PSA stated that it is "exploring a number of strategic initiatives with GM with the aim of increasing its profitability and operating efficiency, including a potential acquisition of Opel."
GM and PSA already share production of sports utility vehicles and commercial vans, as part of an earlier attempt to cooperate.
GM sold its 7 percent stake in PSA back in 2013 after disappointing joint venture savings, a move which paved the way for a bailout of the then ailing PSA by the French government and investment by the Chinese firm Dongfeng Motor Corp.
Both hold 14 percent stakes in PSA (as does the Peugeot family).
Combined, PSA and GM Europe would have a 17% share of the European car market, second only to Volkswagen's 24% (2016 figures).
GM might keep a stake in the combined operation, it is thought, opening the door to technology sharing.
PSA has done relatively well of late, bouncing back with state support from a ‘near death' experience in 2013-14 to post decent margins last year (6.8% operating margin for the first half of 2016).
The firm sold 3.15m units last year. Its CEO Carlos Tavares – like Sergio Marcione of Fiat Chrysler - has indicated a desire to tie-up with other car firms to increase PSA's scale and be better placed to invest in new technology (think electrification, hybrids, connected and autonomous cars).
Meanwhile, GM has for years struggled to make a profit at GM Europe, losing some US$15bn in Europe since 2000. It had previously looked at off-loading the division during the global financial crisis (the Canadian supplier and contract assembler Magna being in the frame to buy it) but eventually decided to hang on to its European division.
GM Europe failed to meet its own breakeven target last year, losing over US$250m, warning that it could face a $400m financial headwind from the post Brexit vote depreciation of sterling.
Both carmakers have gone through painful restructuring in recent years. GM has closed a factory in Bochum, Germany while PSA shut its Aulnay plant near Paris.
But after shutting plants and scrapping the budget Chevrolet brand which cannibalised Opel/Vauxhall sales in Europe, the operation is still making losses even though the European car market has picked up of late.
GM might anyway have to look at further reducing capacity in Europe to try to get back in the black, and with Brexit induced currency headwinds may have simply decided pull the plug and sell out - rather than face the negative publicity of closing plants.
Given such losses at GM Europe, why is PSA interested in a takeover?
It hopes to achieve economies of scale, gain access to GM Europe's technology (its engineering centre at Russelsheim has a key role in GM's powertrain development work) and to achieve cost savings through procurement.
Further cost savings would likely come through plant closures which raises the question of where the axe would fall.
On first inspection GM plants in Germany might be vulnerable owing to high costs but GM has already closed a plant at Bochum. Rather, it's the UK plants that would look most vulnerable to cost cutting moves. That's not because they are inefficient – far from it; the workers and management at both Ellesmere Port and Luton have pulled out all the stops in recent years to work flexibly, get costs down and win contracts to build new models.
Rather, it's the combination of the UK flexible labour markets (it's easier to fire workers here), uncertainty over the UK's trading position with Europe and the post-Brexit referendum sterling depreciation that leaves them exposed.
On the latter, major components such as engines are imported to GM's UK plants from the continent. The weaker pound makes such imported components more expensive, pushing up assembly costs in the UK.
PSA of course, shut its (profitable) Peugeot plant at Ryton, near Coventry almost ten years ago, shifting production of small cars over to Slovakia. If the deal goes there is a serious risk it will axe UK operations all over again.
Not surprisingly, the Unite union Chief Len McCluskey has said that "while this has come out of the blue, we are absolutely determined - UK plants will not be allowed to close. The UK and the EU are among GM's biggest markets - if they think that they can walk away from dedicated workers and loyal consumers without a care, they need to think again."
It should be stressed that this is far from a done deal. As noted, GM Europe has been here before before GM did a u-turn and decided to hang on to its European operations. The same could happen again.
And quite how would GM's key Chinese partner Shanghai Automotive would feel about its rival Dongfeng (which has a stake in PSA) getting its hands on GM Europe's technology? Such issues could yet scupper the deal.
In many ways it might be better for GM's UK auto plants if this deal doesn't go ahead.
* Professor David Bailey works at the Aston Business School.
LAKE CHARLES, LA (CBS Local) – A Buffalo Wild Wings in Louisiana is stepping up to help a local homeless man after one of their servers allegedly left a vulgar note on a customer's receipt.
The wing chain in Lake Charles is under fire after an employee reportedly wrote “For Homeless F—! Let sit and get gross,” on a homeless man's order on Memorial Day. Multiple workers were allegedly involved in the cruel act, with another person writing “I love you” under the server's message.
Buffalo Wild Wings is giving a customer free wings for a year, a gift card, and donating a "couple hundred wings" to a local homeless shelter after a derogatory remark was found on a customer's receipt. >> https://t.co/J2nAquU1mc pic.twitter.com/QYastyj2ns — WAFB (@WAFB) May 29, 2018
When the homeless man saw his order ticket he shared his outrage with other customers in the restaurant, sparking one woman to confront the chain's management. “I was just really upset about it, like why would you do that, especially, and he said, ‘You all know that I'm homeless, I don't have anywhere to live,' and it just really upset me,” Kailynn Weston said, via WAFB.
“And I was like, ‘That's not okay, one, for someone to treat a customer like that, let alone a customer in his condition,” the 26-year-old added.
Customers reportedly demanded that the employees involved face discipline. This was a request that Buffalo Wild Wings agreed with. “It's embarrassing for this gentleman and it's very inhumane on the part of the employees,” regional manager Ray Rhodes told reporters after announcing that the workers were fired. “It's not our culture and it's not who we are.”
Buffalo Wild Wings is also giving the homeless customer a year of free wings at their restaurants and presented him with a gift card to buy some new clothes with.
The restaurant chain also stepped up by donating several hundred wings to a local homeless outreach center. “In 7 years that I've been doing this we have never given out Wings. I think this is their new favorite!!” Kelli Tidwell Stawecki of Water's Edge Gathering Church wrote on Facebook.
After spending five months in prison following a parole violation, rapper Meek Mill was released Tuesday. Philadelphia 76ers co-owner Michael Rubin and comedian Kevin Hart visited Meek Mill on Tuesday, and Rubin wrote on Instagram that he was on the way back to pick him up.
BREAKING: Pennsylvania high court orders judge to free rapper Meek Mill on bail while he appeals decade-old drug, gun convictions. — The Associated Press (@AP) April 24, 2018
As fans and countless athletes celebrated Meek Mill's release on social media, the rapper had a message for the Sixers, who have a chance to advance to the second round of the playoffs Tuesday night.
Let's go @sixers A post shared by Meek Mill (@meekmill) on Apr 24, 2018 at 12:59pm PDT
Meek Mill later thanked his supporters and wrote that he would continue to fight to “overturn this unwarranted conviction.”
I'd like to thank God, my family, and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time. While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive. — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) April 24, 2018
To the Philly District Attorney's office, I'm grateful for your commitment to justice. I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues. — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) April 24, 2018
In the meantime, I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career. — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) April 24, 2018
Meek Mill is expected to attend Game 5 of the Sixers-Heat series.
After celebrating its 30th anniversary in 2016, Summit Brewing Company isn't slowing down.
In December, the St. Paul brewery announced its 2017 lineup.
For the coming year, Summit is brewing up seven new beers, new Unchained and Union series brews and releasing new variety packs.
The releases began in late December, with the return of the Summit Double IPA. The anniversary beer, which scored a 90 on Beer Advocate, is full of citrus and hop flavor.
But the hops don't stop there.
The next release is the Summit India-Style Black Ale in early January. The brew will only be available on draft or in Summit's new IPA variety pack. The Summit IPA collection will include Saga IPA, Red IPA, True Brit IPA and the black.
In April, Summit takes a break from the hops and releases its Boundary Waters Box. The 12-pack includes Summer Ale and the Keller Pils, as well as two summer exclusives: Summit Hefeweizen and Summit Wit Bier. Like the India-Style Black Ale, the Hefeweizen and Wit will only be available in the pack or on draft for a limited time.
As the summer reaches its peak in July, the next collection will be released. In preparations of the Dog Days of summer, the Harvest Collection hits the market. This includes Summit Oktoberfest, the Extra Pale Ale, the Great Northern Porter and the Pilsener.
The next new beer comes at the start of fall in September, when Summit will release its Belgian-Style Pale Ale.
Finally, just before hockey season, the last new collection will be dropped. Summit's Penalty Box will include a mix of brews perfects for the winter season. The collection includes the Winter Ale, Extra Pale Ale, Horizon Red IPA and the new, box-exclusive Summit Doppel Alt.
Of course, throughout the year the brewery will also continue to offer selections from its Unchained and Union series.
The Unchained Series began in 2009 and allows individual Summit brewers to showcase their talents. This year, three beers will be released under the title.
In March, James Birnie's Unchained 24: Spring Saison will be released, followed by Tom Mondor's Unchained 25: Vienna-Style Lager in July and finally Nick Hempfer's Unchained 26: Westie 7th in October.
The Union Series, which began in 2013 and uses innovative ingredients, will release an Imperial Russian-Style Stout in December 2017.
To learn more about Summit, their year-round offerings or releases, visit Summit Brewing Company online.
(AP Photo/Gregory Bull). A plane drops fire retardant on a wildfire Friday, Dec. 8, 2017, in Fallbrook, Calif. The wind-swept blazes have forced tens of thousands of evacuations and destroyed dozens of homes in Southern California.
(AP Photo/Gregory Bull). Fire crews search for hot spots among destroyed homes in the Rancho Monserate Country Club community Friday, Dec. 8, 2017, in Fallbrook, Calif. The wind-swept blazes have forced tens of thousands of evacuations and destroyed do...
(AP Photo/Gregory Bull). Dick Marsala looks through debris from his destroyed home after a wildfire roared through the Rancho Monserate Country Club Friday, Dec. 8, 2017, in Bonsall, Calif. The wind-swept blazes have forced tens of thousands of evacuat...
(Mike Eliason/Santa Barbara County Fire Department via AP). In this early morning Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017 photo released by Santa Barbara County Fire Department, firefighters working on structure protection, keep a close eye on nearby flames atop Shepard...
(AP Photo/Noah Berger). Firefighters light backfire while trying to keep a wildfire from jumping Santa Ana Rd. near Ventura, Calif., on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The Latest on California wildfires (all times local):
1:20 p.m.
President Donald Trump has received a lunchtime briefing on the government's response to wildfires in California.
White House spokeswoman Lindsay Walters says Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue also briefed Trump and Vice President Mike Pence on a wildfire prevention roundtable he participated on Monday.
Trump has declared a state of emergency in the state and ordered federal agencies to help with the efforts.
Walters says the White House "continues to closely monitor the situation" and is urging "anyone ordered to evacuate during a wildfire, do so immediately and listen to your local and state officials."
She also says the White House "extends its thoughts and prayers" to everyone affected by the fires that have been tearing through Southern California.
___
10:50 a.m.
Authorities have issued new alerts about unhealthy air from smoke and ash sent up by a growing Southern California wildfire.
Richard Sanchez, a manager at Jeannine's American Bakery Restaurant in the foothill enclave of Montecito, says customers are coming in Monday wearing masks. He says smoke is so thick that visibility is down to a few feet and a layer of ash is coating the streets.
Regulators are warning people in parts of Santa Barbara, Ventura and Los Angeles counties to stay indoors, avoid vigorous outdoor activities and not do anything to stir up ash.
Even residents of Montecito and neighboring Carpinteria who aren't under evacuation orders have opted to leave because of the thick blanket of smoke.
___
7:45 a.m.
A growing Southern California wildfire is threatening the wealthy seaside enclave of Montecito, where celebrities have evacuated estates perched on hillsides below heavy flames.
Smoke shrouded Rob Lowe's home and the actor wore a mask as he livestreamed his family leaving on Sunday. Lowe thanked fans on Instagram for their thoughts and expressed gratitude for firefighters, saying "we need you!"
Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres said on Twitter that neighbors were helping each other and their animals get to safety. She said she was proud to be a part of the small, exclusive community in Santa Barbara County northwest of Los Angeles.
Retired tennis star Jimmy Connors tweeted that his property was in danger.
Many residents of Montecito and neighboring Carpinteria not under evacuation orders have opted to leave because of heavy smoke and ash blowing through.
___
5:30 a.m.
Crews aided by calm overnight winds kept a wall of flames from descending from mountains into coastal towns after a huge Southern California wildfire exploded in size over the weekend.
Thousands remain under evacuation orders Monday as the fire churns west through foothill areas of Carpinteria and Montecito, Santa Barbara County seaside towns about 75 miles (120 kilometers) northwest of Los Angeles. Much of the fire's new growth occurred on the eastern and northern fronts into unoccupied areas of Los Padres National Forest.
The fire, which had already destroyed more than 750 buildings, burned six more in Carpinteria on Sunday. It's just 10 percent contained after burning nearly 360 square miles (930 square kilometers).
Officials say the blaze, which broke out a week ago in neighboring Ventura County, is now the 5th largest in California history.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Former Equifax CEO Apologizes for Massive Data Breach
The former chief executive of Equifax plans to apologize for the credit reporting company's massive data breach when he testifies Tuesday before a congressional committee, as well as detail the missteps in response to the hack that exposed the Social Security numbers and birthdates of as many as 143 million people.
"Equifax was entrusted with Americans' private data and we let them down," Richard Smith said in written testimony for the hearing that the House Energy and Commerce Committee released Monday. "To each and every person affected by this breach, I am deeply sorry that this occurred."
Smith stepped down last week in the wake of the breach, which has sparked numerous federal and state investigations as well as outrage from lawmakers. His appearance Tuesday before the House panel will be the first of three before congressional committees this week.
In his written testimony, Smith blamed the breach on "human error and technology failures" and said the company was a victim of "a massive theft."
"The company failed to prevent sensitive information from falling into the hands of wrongdoers," he said.
"The people affected by this are not numbers in a database. They are my friends, my family, members of my church, the members of my community, my neighbors," Smith said. "This breach has impacted all of them. It has impacted all of us.
Smith also said Equifax was "disappointed" with the rollout of a special website and call centers to deal with the fallout from the breach. The company "struggled with the initial effort" to help consumers, he said.
Equifax has been criticized for waiting nearly six weeks to notify the public after learning of the hack on July 29, and then initially made consumers give up their right to sue if they wanted free credit monitoring and identity theft protection. Equifax later backtracked on that.
Smith said the problems started on March 8 when the Department of Homeland Security's Computer Emergency Readiness Team sent a notice to Equifax and other companies about the need to patch a vulnerability in software known as "Apache Struts."
Equifax sent emails about the federal warning to workers responsible for the software, which is used in the company's consumer online disputes portal. But the "vulnerable versions" of the software were not identified or patched, Smith said.
"Equifax's efforts undertaken in March 2017 did not identify any versions of Apache Struts that were subject to this vulnerability, and the vulnerability remained in an Equifax web application much longer than it should have," Smith said. The company is investigating why.
Hackers appear to have first used the software vulnerability to access sensitive information on May 13 and continued to do so for weeks before Equifax's security team identified suspicious network traffic on July 29.
The next day, Equifax took the web portal offline.
Smith said he learned about the problem on July 31 from the company's chief information officer. A full response began on Aug. 2, including contacting the FBI, Smith said.
Equifax and an independent cybersecurity forensic consulting firm, Mandiant, worked "literally around the clock" to figure out what happened, Smith said. But despite numerous internal discussions, Equifax did not publicly announce the breach until Sept. 7.
Smith said one reason for the delay was that experts had told company executives that notifying the public "would provoke 'copycat attempts' and other criminal activity."
Equifax is trying to help consumers while also fixing its security systems, he said. The company's "vulnerability scanning and patch management processes and procedures" have been enhanced, Smith said.
Smith noted that in addition to his departure, the company's chief information officer and chief security officer also left the company following the breach.
© 2017 Los Angeles Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
SALISBURY, MD – The Delmarva Shorebirds scored four runs in the bottom of the sixth, all with two outs, on the way to a 9-5 win over the Greensboro Grasshoppers on Monday night at Arthur W. Perdue Stadium.
With the game tied at 4-4 in the bottom of the sixth, Chris Clare and Alejandro Juvier led off with singles for the Shorebirds (5-7). After a strikeout and flyout, Ryan McKenna slashed a single to left to score Clare. Jake Ring followed with a groundball through the right side to plate Juvier. On the next pitch, Chris Shaw belted a double that one-hopped the wall in left center, scoring two more and giving Delmarva an 8-4 lead.
The Grasshoppers (7-5) got one back in the top of the seventh. Garvis Lara led off with a walk and Aaron Knapp took his place on a fielder's choice. After a strikeout, Dalton Wheat beat out an infield single, sending Knapp to third. Colby Lusignan hit a comebacker, but Woody at first base dropped the throw and Knapp came in to score, making it 8-5 Shorebirds.
Delmarva pushed the lead back to four in the bottom of the eighth as Clare rolled a two-out single to left that deflected off the third baseman and shortstop, allowing Ring to score from second and give the game its final margin. Pitcher Kory Groves then worked around a single and walk in the top of the ninth, inducing a 4-6-3 double play to end the game.
Steven Klimek (1-0) earned his first win in relief, allowing two runs (one earned) on two hits in the sixth and seventh frames. Travis Neubeck (0-1) took the loss after giving up the four-spot in the sixth.
The Shorebirds jumped in front in the bottom of the first inning. With two outs and Ring second, Collin Woody dropped a single to right to bring him around. Cole Billingsley singled to put two on, and Clare scrapped a base hit to bring Woody around and make it 2-0.
Delmarva added another in the third as Billingsley singled with two outs, stole second, and scored on a Clare single to center.
Greensboro got all three back in the top of the fourth. Wheat legged out an infield single, and Lusignan blasted a ball deep to center that deflected off a sprinting McKenna, scoring Wheat. Branden Berry's base hit scored Lusignan, then after another single and a sac bunt, Corey Bird hit a comebacker that deflected to short for an infield single, scoring Berry to tie the game.
Ring gave the Shorebirds another lead in the bottom of the fifth with a towering home run down the right field line, the first Perdue Stadium round-tripper for Delmarva this year. Jarett Rindfleisch responded for the Grasshoppers in the sixth with a line drive homer to left, setting up the big bottom of the frame for the home side.
Clare led the way at the plate for the ‘Birds, going 5-for-5 with a run and three RBIs. Fresh off a South Atlantic League Player of the Week nod, Ring went 2-for-3 with a homer, two RBIs, four runs, and a stolen base. Billingsley and Juvier each had two hits.
Wheat finished 3-for-4 with a run to lead the Grasshoppers.
Neither starter factored into the decision. Delmarva's Zach Muckinhirn gave up three runs on six hits in five innings, walking his first two of the year and striking out two. Jordan Holloway went five innings of four-run, seven hit ball for the Grasshoppers.
The Shorebirds and Grasshoppers play game two of three at Perdue Stadium on Tueday night. Matthias Dietz (0-1, 15.88) will start for Delmarva against Greensboro's Alex Mateo (0-1, 7.45). First pitch is 7:05 p.m. with gates opening an hour before first pitch. Tuesday is McDonald's Two for Tuesday, featuring buy one, get one free upper reserved seats with the presentation of a McDonald's receipt. Pregame coverage on Fox Sports AM 960 and the MiLB First Pitch app begins at 6:50 p.m. with Will DeBoer on the call.
The sole survivor of Saturday's hammer massacre on Long Island was bloodied, barefoot and running for her life down the street when Earl Sykes saw her.
“She was running between cars,” Sykes, 38, said of seeing the women through his car window sometime around 2 a.m., as he drove home from a late movie.
“She ran to my car and jumped on my hood,” he said of the blood-splattered woman, who'd just escaped a Hempstead home where a crazed man was bludgeoning his mother, sister, and a family friend to death with a large framing hammer.
“She was screaming, ‘Help me! Help me! Somebody is trying to kill me!'”
The woman, whose identity is being withheld by police, appeared to be in shock.
“You could see the fear in her eyes,” said Sykes, who works as an EMS.
She ran from his car, and began running up to the front door of the nearest house, banging with her fists.
Sykes said he dialed 911 and EMS as he made a U-turn and parked.
“I was trying to keep her calm,” he told The Post. “Telling her not to move.”
The woman's wrist had been pounded by the hammer cops say was wielded by accused triple-murderer Bobby Vanderhall, 34.
Vanderhall was in custody Saturday, accused of the bludgeoning murders of his daycare worker mom, Lynne, 58, his sister, Melissa, 28, and his sister's friend since high school, Janel Simpson, 29.
There is a fourth charge: attempting to murder the frantic woman who got away.
The woman's wrist would turn out to be fractured; police said later Saturday that she was recovering from that defensive injury and several other contusions at an area hospital.
Her shirt was covered in blood, Sykes said. Her head, too, had been bloodied.
“She kept on saying over and over, ‘He is trying to kill us. Help me, please. It's four of us. He is trying to kill us.'”
Sykes said he stayed with the woman until officers came.
“I feel sad about what happened,” he said. “But I was happy I came at the right time— because nobody was coming.”
BRITISH MEP NIGEL Farage is in Dublin today advocating for Ireland to leave the European Union in an ‘Irexit' conference at the RDS.
Farage is speaking at the ‘Irexit: Freedom to Prosper' conference along with a number of other Irish commentators including Cormac Lucey and John Waters.
Speaking on RTÉ's Marian Finucane show ahead of his appearance at the Irexit conference, Farage said that Ireland has “paid a very big price” for its membership of the EU.
Farage linked Ireland's membership of the Euro currency to the credit-fuelled housing bubble and said that Ireland's economic development was not thanks to EU membership.
“When I was doing business here and I'm talking late 80s, early 90s here. I wasn't doing business in Dublin because you were part of the European Union,” Farage said.
I was doing business in Dublin because several of my friends moved their business here. Why? Competitive corporation tax, good education system, a shared language with London. There were lots and lots of reasons actually that Ireland massively improved its economic performance over those years.
“Objectively, Ireland's economy improved at the same time as it was a member of the EU, I don't think the EU had much to do with it,” Farage said.
The former Ukip leader also claimed that the leaders of the European Union want to abolish individual nation states”.
“Mr Juncker, Mr Tusk, all the bosses and the vast majority of the European parliament. When Juncker stood up a few weeks ago to give his State of the Union speech, to say basically by 2025 this is it, a United States of Europe, it received overwhelming, huge standing ovations from most of the members,” Farage said.
The Irexit conference is being organised by the Eurosceptic European Parliament grouping the EFD, which does not have any Irish MEPs.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One in four West Midlands secondary schools went over budget last year.
The study, published by the Education Policy Institute (EPI), means they spent more than they received in funding.
And campaigners said schools will be forced to cut staff as they struggle to balance the books.
Geoff Barton, general secretary of the Association of School and College Leaders, said: “Staffing cuts are not just likely in the future, as the EPI report suggests, but have already taken place in many schools.
A study of school balance sheets shows that 24.6 per cent of West Midlands secondary schools, very nearly a quarter, ran up deficits in the 2016-17 financial year.
This was up from 11.9 per cent in the previous year.
It also found that 7.1 per cent of West Midlands primary schools, one in 14, went over budget.
That figure was up from 3.9 per cent the previous year.
The National Audit Office, an independent spending watchdog, last year warned that schools across the country needed to make savings of £3 billion to balance the books.
The Department for Education insists that schools have more money than ever before.
However, headteachers say that their costs have increased by even more.
David Laws, EPI executive chairman and former Lib Dem schools minister, said: “This analysis highlights the nature and scale of cost pressures facing England's schools.
"After 15 years in which school funding has either been growing healthily or has at least been protected from inflationary pressures, school budgets are clearly now being squeezed.
“This is evident from the sharp rise in the number and proportion of local authority schools which are in budget deficit. The trebling of the proportion of maintained secondary schools over recent years is particularly striking.
“Many schools will need to find savings and it will not be easy to do this without reducing staff numbers.
"Schools and the Education Department will need to work hard to ensure that reduced staff numbers do not impact on education standards.”
Geoff Barton, general secretary of the Association of School and College Leaders, said: “This report shows that many schools are so cash-strapped they are unable to afford even a meagre pay rise of 1% for their staff next year without having to make further cuts.
“The Government has failed to provide schools with funding for pay awards over the course of several years, and this is one of a series of additional cost pressures which have pushed school finances to breaking point.
"Staffing cuts are not just likely in the future, as the EPI report suggests, but have already taken place in many schools.
“If the Government values education, it must put its money where its mouth is and provide schools with the funding they need to give all of our young people the very best start in life, and it must fully fund decent pay awards for school staff after years of austerity.”
A Department for Education spokesman said: “We do not recognise these findings. The fact is, thanks to our reforms and the hard work of teachers, standards are rising in our schools.
“By 2020, core school funding will rise to a record £43.5 billion - the IFS (Institute for Fiscal Studies) has confirmed that by then per pupil funding will have increased more than 70% since 1990.
“Latest figures show schools hold surpluses of more than £4 billion and we are providing support to help them get the most out of every pound they spend.”
Separate figures last week showed that Birmingham needs nearly 12,000 extra school places by September 2021, with 5,000 potentially needed by this September.
Figures released by the Department for Education show that, based on school capacity surveys as at May 2017, the local authority needs an estimated 4,689 extra school places by this September, and 11,918 extra by September 2021.
Across the West Midlands combined authority area, 18,479 extra school places are needed by September 2021, with 7,409 needed by September.
So many great charity events around town to support and if you know of one big or small, please email WYCD so we can talk about it! Email roxanne.steele@entercom.com Here's a few coming up!
Autism Speaks Painting with a Twist fundraiser is Dec. 14th from 7p-9p in Shelby Township located at 50336 Schoenherr Rd. ! Bring your family and friends and come paint with a purpose! 50% of the proceeds will go to Autism speaks! Click HERE for more info.
Liberty Riders, Inc. fundraiser for special needs on Dec. 15th 2p-5p at Rattle Runs Farm 7103 Gratiot in St. Clair Shores. Come enjoy games and family activities, photos with Santa, meet the horse and more! A $20 family donation at the door all to benefit their special needs riding program. For more info visit www.libertyriders.org
MOD Pizza Shelby Township location at 56619 Van Dyke is having a “Pay What You Want Day” on Dec. 19th to benefit Angels of Hope Family Cancer Foundation. Stop in and pay what you want for pizza and salad and MOD will donate all sales!!
Together We Can Food Drive to support Gleaners Food Bank with The Detroit Lions, Channel 7 and Art Van Furniture. Donate canned food at your nearest Art Van store and you could win tickets to the Thanksgiving Day Game! Join us to help feed local families. Together we can! For more info visit artvan.com/WinLionsTix.
State officials say Nevada ended 2017 as the top gold-producing state in the U.S., and fifth worldwide in production of the precious metal behind the countries of China, Australia, Russia and Canada.
The Nevada Division of Minerals reported Thursday that mines in the state produced 5.64 million ounces of gold in 2017, up 3.2 percent from 2016.
Meanwhile, the average annual price of gold increased 6 cents, from $1,251 per ounce in 2016 to $1,257 per ounce last year.
Silver production in the Silver State decreased 5.2 percent in 2017 compared with 2016, to just under 8.5 million ounces.
The average annual price of silver decreased 10 cents year-to-year, to $17.04 in 2017.
Nevada copper production in 2017 was 146 million pounds, down 9 percent from 2016.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
The Russ Parr Morning Show
Your browser does not support iframes.
Magic Johnson & Shaquille O'Neal have the NBA Update! Click on the audio player to hear more on this on The Russ Parr Morning Show.
Follow @RussParrShow
Keep Up With The Russ Parr Morning Show … LIKE Him On Facebook!
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
FILE - In this May 26, 2017 file photo, singer Miley Cyrus performs on NBC's "Today" show in New York. The Teen Choice 2017 awards on Sunday, Aug. 13 will honor Cyrus, Bruno Mars and other acts in a ceremony that will feature performances from French Montana, Rita Ora and other popular acts. Photo by Evan Agostini
Mohanlal, the complete actor is all set to release his much-awaited movie Villain, this October. As per the latest reports from the sources, Villain has successfully completed the censor board formalities.
Director B Unnikrishnan recently revealed that the Mohanlal movie has bagged a clean U certificate from the censor board. The director, who revealed the news through his official Facebook page, also officially announced the release date.
Unnikrishnan confirmed that Villain will hit the theatres on October 27, Friday, as reported earlier. If the reports are to be true, the makers are planning to have a massive release for the Mohanlal starrer, which is an emotional thriller.
Mohanlal is essaying the role of Mathew Manjooran, an ex-cop in the movie, which is scripted by director B Unnikrishnan himself. Villain revolves around a murder investigation which turns Mathew Manjooran's life upside down.
Popular Tamil actor Vishal makes his Malayalam debut with Villain, by playing the main antagonist in the movie. Manju Warrier, Hansika Motwani, Rashi Khanna, and Srikanth appear in the other pivotal roles in the movie.
Manoj Paramahamsa is the director of photography. 4 Musics band composes the songs. Sushin Shyam handles the background score. Villain is produced by Antony Perumbavoor, under the banner Aashirvad Cinemas.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is responsible for Nigeria's current democracy – APC
National Chairman of the Progressives Congress (APC), Chief John Odigie-Oyegun, has described former Head of State, retired Gen. Abdulsalami Abubakar, as the master mind of Nigeria`s current democratic dispensation. This was stated in his congratulatory message to Abubakar on his 75th birthday. The chairman said that Abubakar was a first-class nationalist, detribalized leader and a …
The post Abdulsalami Abubakar is responsible for Nigeria's current democracy – APC appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NASHVILLE — Vanderbilt coach Derek Mason isn't buying any of Kirby Smart's talk about not knowing whether Jake Fromm or Jacob Eason will start at quarterback for the fifth-ranked Bulldogs on Saturday.
Mason expects the freshman Fromm to start.
“I mean he's not fooling me if that's what we think we're doing here,” Mason said of Smart not naming a starter. “That young man Fromm has won ballgames. He just came off a (41-0) win. Listen, we can quit coaching dramatics. When it's all said and done, they're 5-0. They're a good football team with a lot of talent. They're playing extremely well. Hat's off to Kirby.”
Smart insists he's not concerned with Mason's comments.
“Derek Mason is entitled to his opinion,” Smart said. “Derek Mason is not at our practices. He doesn't watch our practice tape that I know of.”
The Bulldogs (5-0, 2-0) might be rolling off a couple big wins to kick off their Southeastern Conference schedule, including last week's 41-0 rout of Tennessee that was the Vols' worst home loss since 1905. Georgia has some extra motivation coming into Nashville after Mason got his first SEC road win in Athens last year, edging the Bulldogs 17-16 .
“There were a lot of errors in that game,” Smart said.
Still, Georgia is looking for another win to match the Bulldogs' best start since 2012 when they earned a spot in the SEC championship. Junior tight end Jackson Harris says the Bulldogs are focused on Vanderbilt (3-2, 0-2), not Georgia's gaudy ranking or all the attention they're getting.
“Honestly, we don't even pay attention to it,” Harris said.
——
Here are some other things to know about Georgia's visit to Vanderbilt:
FOUR-HEADED MONSTER: Mason may be expecting Fromm at quarterback, but Vanderbilt is preparing for what the coach called a “four-headed monster” thanks to seniors Nick Chubb and Sony Michel leading a talented group of running backs. Georgia is averaging 237.4 yards on the ground led by Chubb with 480 yards and six touchdowns this season. Michel is averaging 5.4 yards per carry with D'Andre Smith picking up 7.3 yards on each of his runs. “They've got a boatload of talent in the backfield,” Mason said.
STINGY D: Georgia comes in having given up just three points in the past two games with a six-quarter scoreless streak . That has the Bulldogs ranked second nationally in scoring defence giving up a mere 9.2 points per game. They rank behind only Alabama, which shut out Vanderbilt 59-0 last month.
DORES' CHALLENGE: Vanderbilt ranked among the nation's best in scoring defence too before starting a grueling stretch featuring four ranked teams in as many weeks. Now the Commodores rank 45th nationally in total offence but have been gashed by the run where they're giving up 204.6 yards per game. But they do have linebacker Charles Wright leading the SEC with six sacks.
TALENTED QUARTERBACKS: Fromm has taken good care of the ball for Georgia, throwing for 734 yards with eight touchdowns and only two interceptions. Junior Kyle Shurmur is off to the best season of his career, tied for the SEC lead with 11 TD passes, and he has only been intercepted once. His teammates have given him decent protection too, allowing him to be sacked only three times. Smart said Shurmur was still growing as a quarterback when these teams last met.
“He will be the best pure passing quarterback that we have played against,” Smart said.
ROUGH STRETCH: Not only is Vanderbilt playing four ranked teams in consecutive weeks for the first time in school history, that stretch also includes two of the nation's top five programs. The schedule started with a win over then-No. 18 Kansas State, the loss to Alabama, a 38-24 loss at then-No. 21 Florida and now Georgia. Vandy hasn't beaten the Bulldogs in consecutive games since 1956-58. Mason says the tough competition will help his Commodores build the character they will need to play well down the stretch.
——
More AP college football: http://www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25.
——
Follow Teresa M. Walker at http://www.twitter.com/teresamwalker
Former player and national TT coach Clement Harper dies in the USA
Clement Demonfort Harper, a decorated former player and national table tennis coach passed away at the age of 85 years last week in the USA. Harper was born in the ancient county of Berbice but lived most of his life in the City of Georgetown where he worked at Swan Laundry & Dry Cleaners in Lama Avenue, Bel Air Park, as a Manager.
He was married to Mignan Harper née Kirton for almost half a century (49 years 11 months).The former Guyanese table tennis talisman passed away on Monday at the Beth Israel Hospital, Brooklyn, New York, USA, peacefully.
Harper had migrated to the USA in 1982 and lived a productive life until his demise, according to the friends and relatives of the father of two women and grandfather of four young women, who are all based in the USA.
Harper had vast experience as a table tennis coach including being responsible for the Guyanese contingent to the AAA games in China, 1973. He was responsible for the development of former national players Mike Baptitse (also national coach), Horace Benjamin, Garth Isaacs, Bruce Edwards, Louis Armstrong, Mike Christophe and several others.
On the female side, he helped developed Denise Osman, Doreen Chowah, Barbara DeAbreau, and several others.
Funeral service of the late Clement Harper will be held at the New Hope Family Worship Centre at Livonia Avenue, Brooklyn, New York on Tuesday February 6th from 15:00hrs to 18:00hrs. The burial will take place the following day Pinelawn Memorial Park, Farmingdale, New York.
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
Work on the Dutch Village in Craigtoun Park, St Andrews, has been brought to a halt by a pair of nesting mallards.
Efforts are under way to restore the site to its former glory, with conservation work initially being focused on the boat house.
However, the project has stalled after workers discovered a nest in the structure and cannot be restarted until the ducklings have fledged.
After the refurbishment is complete, the Friends of Craigtoun Park group — which took over the running of the park five years ago — hopes to embark on a revamp of the remainder of the Dutch Village.
Fife Council's heritage contracts supervisor Mark Shaw said the nesting ducks were discovered when scaffolding was put up at the boat house.
“There is a duck nest on the site at present, which means that work is temporarily halted,” he said.
“We are keeping a close eye on the progress of the ducks and work will recommence as soon as it is possible.”
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) — Police in Massachusetts are testing a new database for documenting opioid overdoses they hope will help departments share information in real time and get people into treatment.
The database was developed by criminal justice experts Sean Varano at Roger Williams University in Rhode Island, and Pam Kelley with Kelley Research Associates in Massachusetts.
It's an innovative approach, Varano said, because agencies typically rely on older public health data about fatal overdoses and don't know the prevalence of nonfatal overdoses and because it gives them a quick way to communicate about that data.
“This is really a death prevention project,” Varano said. “That sounds like hyperbole, but when someone overdoses today and they're not in treatment, their chances of dying in the next month are exponentially greater. So how do we understand that and play a role so they don't die?”
It works like this: When a department is called to an overdose, it's recorded in the system. The system then alerts the department to do a follow-up outreach visit. If the victim is from a neighboring community, that police department is notified.
The 27 police departments in Plymouth County, Massachusetts, are using it. They have all agreed that within 24 hours of a nonfatal overdose, a non-uniformed officer and recovery coach will go to the person's house to discuss treatment and offer resources to their family.
“We know people suffering from the crisis don't just overdose in their town,” said East Bridgewater Police Chief Scott Allen. “And if we're not sharing that information in real time, we're missing opportunities to get people into treatment.”
Given the skyrocketing number of overdoses, Allen said the departments had no choice but to figure out what they could do to help people. He stressed that the visits serve to offer people access to treatment and services they may not know about, and they won't be prosecuted for possession because of the state's Good Samaritan law.
More than 1,000 people have overdosed in the county so far this year, Allen added. He said he's looking at the data for increases because that could indicate that more people are using fentanyl, a powerful synthetic opioid.
Allen is also speaking with police departments in other parts of the country interested in the new database. Allen and Plymouth Police Chief Michael Botieri brought police chiefs together to implement the system in their county.
President Donald Trump said last week that he will officially declare the opioid crisis a “national emergency,” and he pledged to ramp up government efforts to combat the epidemic.
More than 33,000 people died from drug overdoses involving opioids nationwide in 2015, and preliminary data for the first three quarters of 2016 indicate that the drug overdose death rate is still increasing, according to the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy.
Local content policy in Guyana's oil agreement proving inadequate … comparisons highlight shortcomings
By Kiana Wilburg
Since the release of the Production Sharing Agreement (PSA) between Guyana and ExxonMobil, analysis and viewpoints of all fashion have been flooding the oil and gas debate. For example, some commentators contend that if one were to compare Guyana's PSA with that of other countries, the citizenry would have a clearer idea of how Guyana was robbed of several opportunities to develop its wealth and the industry as a whole.
In fact, this newspaper has found glaring instances where Governments of several African countries were able to negotiate much better terms for their people. The case of Uganda is a prime example of this.
In 2012, the Government of Uganda signed a PSA with British operator, Tullow Oil. That entity is also exploring in Guyana's deep waters. One of the many commonalities between Guyana's PSA and that of Uganda, is that they both address the subject of Local Content. This speaks to the use of local goods, skills and services in the development of the oil and gas industry.
In Uganda's PSA with Tullow, the Local Content provisions are as pellucid as they are detailed.
PURCHASES IN UGANDA
In the area of procurement, the Government notes in its PSA that the Licensee shall give preference to goods which are produced or available in Uganda and services which are rendered by Ugandan citizens and companies unless such goods and services are offered on terms which are not equal to or better than imported goods and services with regard to quality, price and availability at the time and in the quantities required.
The Licensee is expected to establish appropriate procedures, including tender procedures, for the acquisition of goods and services which shall ensure that the suppliers and subcontractors in Uganda are given adequate opportunity to compete for the supply of goods and services.
According to the PSA, the tender procedures shall include, inter alia, the financial amounts or value of contracts which will be awarded on the basis of selective bidding or open competitive bidding, the procedure for such bidding, and the exception to bidding in cases of emergency, and shall be subject to the approval of an Advisory Committee.
Within 60 days after the end of each calendar year, the Licensee is to provide the Government with a report outlining its achievements in utilizing Ugandan goods and services during that year. The PSA also specifies that goods shall include equipment, materials and supplies.
TRAINING/ EMPLOYMENT IN UGANDA
According to Uganda's PSA, the Licensee agrees to train and employ suitably qualified Ugandan citizens in its Petroleum Operations and, following the effective date, to undertake the schooling and training of Ugandan citizens for staff positions. The PSA specifies that these posts must include administrative and executive management positions. The Agreement states that the Licensee will also require its sub-licensees to do the same.
The PSA also makes it clear that the Licensee must undertake to gradually replace its expatriate staff with suitably qualified and experienced Ugandan citizens as are then available. However, if the Licensee satisfies the Ugandan Advisory Committee that no suitably qualified and experienced Ugandan citizens are available who are capable of filling key senior management or technical position, the Licensee shall employ expatriate staff in such positions.
The PSA goes on to state that an annual programme for training and phasing in of Ugandan citizens shall be established by the Licensee and shall be submitted for approval to the Government's Advisory Committee, along with the annual Work Programmes and Budgets. Additionally, within 30 days of the end of each calendar year, the Licensee is to submit a written report to the Government describing the number of personnel employed their nationality, their positions and the status of training programmes for Ugandan citizens.
The oil company is even required to establish an annual programme, satisfactory to the Government, to train personnel of the Government to undertake skilled and technical jobs in Petroleum Operations. It is also required to deposit with government, or its nominee, on the effective date and each anniversary of the effective date of the contract thereafter, the certain amounts for training of Government personnel selected by the Government and other associated costs for each Licence.
For the Exploration period, Tullow was called on to pay US$100,000 per six months. During the development phase, the oil operator was required to pay US$150,000 per 12 months. Following the commencement of production it was asked to deposit US$ 300,000 per 12 months.
LOCAL COTENT & GUYANA'S PSA
When compared to Guyana's PSA, one would notice some distinct differences.
Guyana's PSA notes that the local content activities will be carried out not by the Contractor, but by an Operator appointed by the three companies making up the Contractor.
In respect of goods and services, the Operator is expected to give preference to Guyanese goods and materials of a quality and quantity, timely delivery and competitive prices. In respect of Guyanese Sub-Contractors, preference is to be given if they are commercially competitive and meet financial and technical requirements.
Article 18.2 requires the Contractor to establish tender procedures for the acquisition of goods, materials and services which shall ensure that Guyanese suppliers and Sub-Contractors are given adequate opportunity to compete for the supply of goods and services. Further, Article 18.3 requires the Contractor to train Guyanese suppliers and Sub­ contractors in the procedures for participating in tenders and competing for contracts to be offered in the Operations.
The contract also outlines that the Government shall provide the necessary work permits and other approvals required by the contractor for employment of expatriate employees in Guyana for the purpose of petroleum operations.
Without prejudice to the right of the contractor to select employees and determine the number thereof in the conduct of petroleum operations, the contractor shall require the operator to employ and contractually obligate sub contractors to employ Guyanese citizens having appropriate qualifications and experience in the conduct of petroleum operations in Guyana.
During each year of the term of the petroleum prospecting licence, or any renewal thereafter the contractor shall pay to a Government account for the Ministry responsible for Petroleum the amount of US$300,000.
The money can be used to provide Guyanese personnel nominated by the Government with on-the-job training in Contractor's operations in Guyana and overseas and /or practical training at institutions abroad; send qualified Guyanese personnel selected by the Government on courses at universities , colleges or other training institutions; to send Guyanese selected by the Government to conferences and seminars related to the petroleum industry and to purchase for the Government, advanced technical books, professional publications , scientific instruments or other equipment required by the Government.
Within 60 days prior to the beginning of each year, the contractor and the Minister shall provide a yearly plan for the utilization of qualified Guyanese personnel for the upcoming year. Following the submission of this plan, the Contractor and the Minister shall meet to discuss and consider the effectiveness of the plan.
The contractor is also expected to provide half yearly reports within 30 days after the end of each half year to the Minister outlining achievements in utilizing qualified Guyanese personnel during the previous half year and make appropriate adjustments to the yearly plan to better accomplish the goal of increasing the number of qualified Guyanese personnel available for use by the Contractor in its Petroleum operations and other entities performing petroleum operations in Guyana.
By David Fong
dfong@troydailynews.com
TROY — Lenea Browder still thinks the best is yet to come.
That in itself should be enough to make every other girls thrower in the state of Ohio shake in their spikes.
“It's definitely important that I don't stop coming on strong and getting better,” said Browder, the sensational sophomore shot put and discus thrower on the Troy girls track and field team. “I know I've still got a lot of room for improvement. I want to keep working and getting better.”
A better Browder? That truly would be a sight to behold, considering all she's already accomplished in her relatively short career. As a freshman, she was a state qualifier in the discus — she placed ninth, just missing out on a spot on the podium — and a regional qualifier in the shot put. She also set school records in both events, then has shattered both of those records at seemingly every meet at which she has competed this season.
“She's special,” Troy throwing coach Aaron Gibbons said. “She's a phenomenal athlete, but she's also a great worker. You see a lot of phenomenal athletes at the high school level, but a lot of them don't achieve the kinds of things she's achieving because they aren't willing to put in the work. She's a kid who is willing to do all the work to get better.”
In track and field, most records are attained incrementally — an inch here or there in field events, a few hundredths of a second shaved off in a running event —but not so with Browder. She's breaking records in an unprecedented fashion. Last year she set the school record in the discus with a throw of 139-1 — breaking the previous school record of 125-1 by 14 feet. At the Miami County Invitational this year, she broke her own record by 11 feet with a throw of 150-1.
As a freshman, she threw the shot put 43-2 to break Kelsey Walters' school record of 41-10. Walters, it bears mentioning, recently broke the school record in the shot put at Ball State University — a mark that had stood since 1991. This past Sunday at the Criss and Rita Somerlot Field Event Classic in Centerville, she uncorked a massive throw of 48-0, besting her own school record by more than 4 feet.
“I knew I had PR'd when I threw it, but I thought it was maybe 46 feet or something like that,” Browder said. “I had no idea I had thrown 48. I was blown away. I was super excited.”
Browder's epic heaves are beginning to draw attention across the state. Her recent throw in the shot put is the longest in any of Ohio's three divisions this spring by more than 2 feet (45-8.25 is the second-best throw by Akron St. Vincent-St. Mary's Sophia Williams) and the best in Division I by a little less than 4 feet. Her top throw in the discus is the second-best in any division in the state and tops in Division I by almost 10 feet.
Browder, however, refuses to get too excited about her accomplishments so far this season. She far less concerned about what happens in April and more concerned with what happens in the first weekend in June at the state track and field meet in Columbus, which is the meet she's been eyeing since last season ended.
That's because things didn't go as Browder had planned last year. First she missed qualifying for state in the shot put, despite being one of the top-ranked competitors at the regional meet. Then at state — perhaps overwhelmed by the magnitude of the moment as one of only three freshmen in the 16-girl field — she only threw 125-10, about 13 feet less than she had throws just a week prior.
All that disappointment did, however, was serve as motivation for this year and has continued to help her keep her focus as this season has unfolded.
“I definitely worked a lot harder in the offseason,” Browder said. “I want to get to state and do better this year. This year in the shot put my goal was to be consistently at 42 or 43 and throw a 46 PR. In the discus, my goal was to be consistently in the 130s and throw a 150 PR. Now that I've down those, I have to set new goals for myself. I don't want to peak too early in the season. I want to keep going and getting better.”
Which is part of the incredible thing about Browder. Not only can she continue to improve this year, but she'll still have two years to get better after that. No sophomore in the state is close to throwing what she currently is.
“Right now, there are no limits to what she can do,” Gibbons said. “Nothing she does surprises me anymore. She is mature beyond her years, really. She's hard-working, she's humble and she's focused. When you add those things in to her natural athletic ability, the sky really is the limit for her.”
Which could mean the best really is yet to come.
Contact David Fong at dfong@troydailynews.com; follow him on Twitter @thefong
Photo Courtesy of Lee Woolery | Speeshot Photo Troy' sophomore Lenea Browder, shown here throwing the shot put at the Herb Hartman Invitational, currently is the top-ranked shot putter in the state of Ohio. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/04/web1_girls_browder-1.jpg Photo Courtesy of Lee Woolery | Speeshot Photo Troy' sophomore Lenea Browder, shown here throwing the shot put at the Herb Hartman Invitational, currently is the top-ranked shot putter in the state of Ohio. Photo Courtesy of Lee Woolery | Speeshot Photo Troy sophomore Lenea Browder recently broke her own school record in the shot put by more than 4 feet. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/04/web1_032818lw_troy_browder-1.jpg Photo Courtesy of Lee Woolery | Speeshot Photo Troy sophomore Lenea Browder recently broke her own school record in the shot put by more than 4 feet. Josh Brown | Troy Daily News Troy's Lenea Browder competes in the discus at last year's state track and field meet. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/04/web1_060417jb_troy_browder-1.jpg Josh Brown | Troy Daily News Troy's Lenea Browder competes in the discus at last year's state track and field meet.
America was in a state of unrest after watching white supremacists violently protest in Charlottesville, Virginia leaving three people dead and dozens injured.
It did not take long for the masses to link President Donald Trump to white supremacists. They even berated him more because he didn't use harsh enough language to condemn the white supremacists.
This photo of our President eventually went viral:
Raf Sanchez, a Telegraph reporter, posted this caption along with the picture, “Here's a photo of @Millenial_Matt with Trump and carrying a burning torch in Charlottesville. This isn't complicated.”
The tweet received over 25,000 tweets, but unfortunately hours later the tweet was deleted because it turns out the photo was actually a fake.
It appears @millenial_matt's profile picture is photoshopped. Here's the original Trump picture. pic.twitter.com/OClcOFbZ2w — Raf Sanchez (@rafsanchez) August 13, 2017
Sanchez did not retract his belief that “many Nazis in Charlottesville were Trump supporters”:
President Trump responded with this statement:
Of course, the President was referring to white supremacists as we found out later when a White House spokesperson clarified this information.
Richie, the Nivin Pauly starrer had hit the theatres on December 08, 2017 amidst huge expectations. Richie, which is the first straight Tamil movie of Nivin Pauly has been directed by Gautham Ramachandran and the movie did get a big release in Kerala, as well.
Richie which has been tagged as a crime drama has opened to mixed reviews in the theatres. Reportedly, the film did have a good number of fan shows on its opening day in Kerala and much like any other Nivin Pauly starrer the film was touted to get a stunning opening at the box office.
Read Richie box office report knowing how much the film collected on its initial days at the Kerala box office..
City Hall saddled with two parking meter contracts
Although there is a current pre-occupation with the contract signed between the Georgetown Mayor and City Council and Smart City Solutions, the said Municipality also signed an earlier agreement with Astrolobe
Technology Inc.
This company had protested against the Council signing a similar contract with SCS so much so that the company has filed an action in the High Court. As a result, a debate on the parking meters has been cancelled on a number of occasions in the National Assembly.
The M&CC signed this contract on October 1, 2007. Representing the company was its Chief Executive Officer, Saratu Phillips, and signing on behalf of the M&CC was then Town Clerk, Beulah Williams.
The contract term was for 25 years and was estimated to cost the company in the region of US$350,000 to US$400,000, a sum considerably smaller than US$10M estimated by SCS for their project. A source close to the M&CC at the time had told Kaieteur News that the present council went ahead and signed the agreement with SCS since it had no knowledge of the previous contract.
The existence of the 2007 contract was acknowledged by the current Town Clerk Royston King in a letter to the company dated October 6, 2015.
Since this acknowledgement was made, it begs the question why the Town Clerk would have gone ahead and signed the contract with SCS on May 13, 2016 along with Mayor Patricia Chase-Green.
Both contracts give each company exclusive rights to conduct paid public parking within Georgetown and includes the installation of parking meters. Under the 2007 contract, Astrolobe's obligations were to buy, import and install the meters necessary for the project, provide maintenance and service support for such meters, provide the mechanism to safely collect revenue, allow for a quarterly financial audit to verify the council is paid their 20 per cent share and provide its own liability.
The City,in the agreement, had given the company permission to conduct the paid public parking on Avenue of the Republic, Brickdam, South Road, North Road, Main, Church, Robb, Regent, America, Camp, Middle, Croal, Water, Thomas and Longden Streets. The contract goes on to state, “The City Council gives Astrolobe Technology the rights to install any paid parking system or meters on any street that comes under its jurisdiction.”
Further, the contract could not have been deemed breached according to Phillips. Under the Termination clauses of the contract, the City may pull out of the agreement, “If the company fails to satisfy certain conditions. If the company becomes bankrupt or insolvent; if the company fails to follow any instructions that may be given by the Council in keeping with the agreement; if the company fails to follow the terms of the agreement and if the company fails to pay the Council any payment under this agreement.”
Despite all of this, the M&CC went ahead and signed the agreement with SCS giving the company a monopoly over paid public parking according to the Ministry of Finance review. Under Section 4.3 titled “Other Parking Systems and Facilities”, it was agreed that during the length of the contract the City will not operate and will neither permit the operation of paid public parking facilities nor the operation of any metered parking systems other than that of SCS except with the written permission of the company.
It has been recommended by the Ministry that a feasibility study should be provided that gives the national government a clear picture of demand analysis, financial analysis, socio-economic cost benefit analysis, risk analysis, technological alternatives, production plan, human resources, location plan and implementation.
The Park Avenue home of late German-born actress and baroness Betsy von Furstenberg, who died this spring of Alzheimer's complications at age 83, is on the market for $5 million.
It's playoff time and what better way to tip your cap to your favorite player than by getting his face tattooed on your leg.
To show his love, Penguins fan Phil Hammerstein got this design of forward Phil Kessel permanently inked on his lower thigh.
I heard it's a hockey night in Pittsburgh! Thanks, Brendan! #hotdoghammer #philkessel #pittsburghpenguins #pittsburghtattoo A post shared by Aaron Harding (@aaroncheat) on Apr 14, 2017 at 4:09pm PDT
That's incredible. Designed by Aaron Harding of the Pittsburgh Tattoo Company, the tattoo features Kessel clutching the Stanley Cup in one hand, a bottle of mustard in the other, and riding a hot dog.
Seriously, what's not to love.
According to Puck Daddy, the tattoo took about three hours. Hammerstein says that there's just something about Kessel that Pittsburgh fans can't help but love.
“Big Phil just clicked with Pittsburghers – chubby dude with a comb-over and penchant for street weenies, dry humor, bad breath, tries hard and loves the game,” he said.
While this is awesome, the No.1 Penguins fan crown still goes to the dude who waited till after the first playoff to seek medical attention after being stabbed in the head.
The bears will be donated to the city's police and fire departments to give to children in crisis situations to help comfort them.
Donations for the National Kindness Week project can be dropped off at the collection bin in the school lobby through 2:20 p.m. Friday.
The school is at 1729 16th St. S.
Kandy Bennett, right, is accused of killing her husband, Mark Bennett.
Clinton Court in Spencer County is typically a quiet street, but it was the scene of a homicide on Easter Sunday.
TAYLORSVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A few new details trickled out of Spencer County on Monday as those who live in the quiet neighborhood where a holiday homicide took place try to find out what happened.
>> MUGSHOTS: April 2017 Roundup
Forty-year-old Kandy Bennett has been charged with murder in the shooting death of her husband, Mark Bennett.
Kentucky State Police said troopers responded to Clinton Court at about 6 p.m. on Sunday on a report of a shooting. When they arrived, they found Kandy Bennett's 51-year-old husband dead.
Neighbors described Clinton Court as "quiet," but said they heard a loud noise on Sunday around dinnertime.
"I heard something, but I thought it was thunder because it was storming," one woman said. "It really scared me because my granddaughter texted me and said what's happening on our street."
>> VIDEO: Watch Kasey Cunningham's report
When that neighbor discovered what had happened, she said it was unexpected.
"I would have thought someone else maybe, but not them," she said.
Neighbors said the Bennetts had lived on the street for three years, but they didn't know anything about the couple. However, Spencer County court records document a prior relationship between Mark Bennett and a woman named Karen Florence. In 2009, Bennett filed an emergency protective order against Florence. The judge eventually dismissed that order against Florence, who would file one against Bennett a few months later.
As for Kandy Bennett, Kentucky State Police officials said they had made runs to the home before, but didn't have details on those calls.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Man accused in Facebook video killing says he 'just snapped'
+ Ransomware: The computer threat you need to worry about
+ Man accused of trying to kill officer held on $100,000 bond
Several of Mark Bennett's friends stopped by the crime scene to pay their respects.
"I went to school with Mark," said a friend who didn't want to be identified. "He was a real pleasant guy to be around and he played for the Spencer County Bears. Real quiet and a pleasure to be around."
If Kandy Bennett doesn't post bond, she'll be arraigned on Friday. Her bond is set $250,000.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
When Oklahoma State takes on Alabama in Wednesday's NCAA men's golf championship final , two of the most interested observers will be two of the world's best golfers. And not surprisingly, there's already been some needling between Bama's Justin Thomas and OSU's Rickie Fowler ahead of the big match.
On Wednesday morning, JT trolled Rickie with this post:
Rickie has yet to respond, but you can bet there will be some sort of side bet between the two. Earlier this year, Thomas "collected" from Georgia grad Kevin Kisner after the Crimson Tide beat the Bulldogs in the College Football National Championship. Kisner put on an Alabama jersey during the first round of the Sony Open .
Don't be surprised to see Justin or Rickie wearing enemy colors on Thursday at the Memorial .
RELATED: The 15 best NCAA men's match-play golfers
WATCH MORE VIDEOS FROM THE LOOP
Image copyright Nintendo
Nintendo has brought Pokémon as close to a reboot as the series has ever come by announcing three new games.
Pokémon Quest, which is available immediately, is free to download on Nintendo Switch.
It tasks players with befriending new Pokémon across a blocky world reminiscent of Minecraft.
Pokémon: Let's Go Pikachu and Pokémon: Let's Go Eevee will launch in November offering a more traditional RPG experience with a few key twists.
These include couch co-op, mobile integration, and the ability to play on a big screen.
Skip Twitter post by @GameboyLuke I don't know if you guys knew but I'm very excited about these next Pokémon games — luke (@GameboyLuke) May 30, 2018 Report
This marks a shift in Pokémon's formula that coincides with its debut on Nintendo Switch - the console that can be played in handheld mode or docked to a TV.
"With these games specifically, we're trying to introduce an all-new play style," Game Freak director, Junichi Masuda said on stage at the reveal event in Tokyo, Japan.
"It's really a much more simplified experience compared to the traditional series."
The new games draw heavily from the Kanto region, home to the original 151 Pokémon, that players from the 90s will be familiar with.
Image copyright Nintendo
Samantha Loveridge, Associate Editor of GamesRadar+, believes this is a strong draw for lapsed fans of the series who may have avoided recent games due to too many characters.
"It won't feel like having to learn a new language by picking up these games," she says.
"I know people got fed up that there are 700 odd Pokémon in recent games, but they know the Squirtles and the Charmanders and the Bulbasaurs."
She points to Nintendo's recent ventures into mobile development as evidence of a continued push to expand its player base.
"Pokémon Go became this transitory nostalgic thing that brought people back into Pokemania," Samantha says.
"They [Nintendo] saw a surge of new players that maybe hadn't picked up a Pokémon game for 20 years and wanted to get back in."
Let's Go includes significant crossovers with Pokémon Go, which has received over 750 million mobile downloads to date. Players will be able to transfer caught Pokémon from the mobile game into the Switch experience.
"I think Nintendo saw the success of Pokémon Go and wanted to cash in on it," Samantha says.
Nintendo also confirmed that an "all-new core series" title is in development, which will continue the tradition of in-depth Pokémon RPGs begun by Red and Blue in 1996.
Some Pokémon fans have reacted positively to the news online, but those who are passingly familiar with the brand will have to be convinced to buy a Nintendo Switch to play.
Skip Twitter post by @Koil1990 Not hyped for the new Pokémon game on the switch , I want a proper Pokémon game ;( — Kyle (@Koil1990) May 30, 2018 Report
The decision to release these new Pokémon games aims to dismantle any barriers to entry for those without a Switch by tempting them to purchase a Switch ahead of the core RPG launch next year.
"Pokémon Let's Go Eevee and Pikachu have the Pokémon you know," Samantha says. "My Mum even knows who Pikachu is - she can't spell it, but she knows who Pikachu is - and that's the sort of experience they want to deliver people sort of to wean them back into the experience and maybe even get a few more people playing on Switch too."
Nintendo remains tight-lipped on how Let's Go will actually play for now, with more information expected in the coming months.
Follow Newsbeat on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 every weekday on BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra - if you miss us you can listen back here.
We barely heard anything new from Omawumi in 2016, the singer has started the new year on a high as she releases a new video.
The vocal powerhouse wants to get rid of the butterflies in her new single.
Enjoy!
Subscribe to notjustok TV
The post VIDEO: Omawumi – Butterflies appeared first on notjustOk.
SAN DIEGO, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - MyDx, Inc. ( OTCQB : MYDX), a rapidly growing science and technology company that has developed MyDx®, the first multi-use handheld chemical analyzer for consumers, announces its 2016 fiscal year earnings results and management analysis.
Revenues soared to ~$808k, up 110+% year over year, on robust product & licensing sales
Product revenue was lifted by increasing demand for CannaDx™ Sensor, which in turn was brought on by greater consumer awareness of MyDx products and services
Newly created licensing revenue stream topped off year end results as the company developed ways to monetize its extensive proprietary data
Gross Profit increased by 131% year over year due to the development of additional revenue streams with more favorable profit margins
Licensing revenues and AquaDx ® and OrganDx ® disposable sensors have a lower variable cost base, which positively impacted margins
and OrganDx disposable sensors have a lower variable cost base, which positively impacted margins In addition, direct sales made up a larger percentage of overall sales
Adjusted EBITDA increased by ~12% year over year due to scaling back operating expenses related to R&D and consolidating contract workers
Despite the scale-back in R&D spending, the company intends to allocate funds on R&D necessary to incrementally advance current technologies, develop products and strengthen its marketing and sales efforts to capitalize on industry growth and market opportunities
The company will continue to streamline operations by consolidating contract workers and negotiating for better payment terms
Satisfied over $1.5mm in debt used to finance company operations
The company successfully satisfied the majority of its convertible debt obligations, which will significantly reduce its yearly debt burden and minimize stock dilution
The company has also settled additional debt in Q1 and will continue to optimize its capital structure to provide for business stability and growth
As of 4/18/2017, $35k of convertible debt is on the company's balance sheet
The MyDx mobile app reached over 50,000 downloads, up ~80% year over year, due to strong word of mouth and a growing social media presence
MyDx® App reached the #1 Ranking in the medical category in the Apple iOS app store, #1 for the keyword Cannabis, and is consistently in the Top 100 of FREE Apps.
Brand Awareness is at an all-time high and continues to grow as the company's social media presence strengthens
85,000+ Twitter Followers
70,000+ Instagram Followers
40,000+ Facebook Followers
With 40,000+ consumer-generated data points growing at over 100% year over year, the company is well positioned to capitalize on data-centric opportunities
Data-licensing business model was implemented in the second half of 2016 to capitalize on the growing demand for data in the cannabis industry
Insights the data has provided so far are currently being used to develop next generation smart technologies and consumer products
MyDx will continue to build out its sensory technology capabilities
CannaDx, the flagship brand in its portfolio, is seeing strong consumer demand
The company is still building brand awareness for its OrganaDx and AquaDx disposable sensors and intends to finish building-out those brands to capitalize on the growing demand for transparency in what consumers put into their bodies. These brands also diversify the company outside of the cannabis industry.
FY2016 EARNINGS CALL
A conference call with CEO Daniel Yazbeck and the investor community is scheduled as follows and the FY2016 Earnings Presentation will be available on or before Thursday, April 20, 2017 prior to the call.
Conference Call Details
(Press/ Media and the public are encouraged to participate)
Date & time: Thursday, April 20, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. (PDT)/ 1:00 p.m. (EDT)
https://join.onstreammedia.com/register/mydx/earningscall
Registration is required for access.
Please call in 5 minutes prior to the call, so that the call can begin promptly.
Agenda:
Business highlights and company performance, including record revenue & EBITDA growth
MyDx robust standing and performance relative to industry peers
The power of data and its transformative capabilities
The path forward to unlocking shareholder value and maximizing returns
Q&A
About MyDx, Inc.
MyDx, Inc. ( OTCQB : MYDX) is a chemical detection and sensor technology company based in San Diego, California whose mission is to help people Trust & Verify® what they put into their minds and bodies. The Company developed MyDx®, a patented, affordable portable analyzer that provides real-time chemical analysis and fits in the palm of the user's hand. The multi-use MyDx analyzer leverages over a decade of established chemical detection technology to measure chemicals of interest. The Company owns a substantial and growing intellectual property portfolio of patents covering its technology. The MyDx AquaDx®, OrganaDx™ and CannaDx™ sensors are now commercialized, and the AeroDx® application is next in line. All sensors will be compatible with a MyDx App that empowers consumers to live a healthier life by revealing the chemical composition of what they eat, drink and inhale. For more information, please visit www.cdxlife.com.
Forward-Looking Statements
This news release contains "forward-looking statements" as that term is defined in Section 27(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Statements may contain certain forward-looking statements pertaining to future anticipated or projected plans, performance and developments, as well as other statements relating to future operations and results. Any statements in this press release that are not statements of historical fact may be considered to be forward-looking statements. Words such as "may," "will," "expect," "believe," "anticipate," "estimate," "intends," "goal," "objective," "seek," "attempt," or variations of these or similar words, identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements by their nature are estimates of future results only and involve substantial risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to risks associated with the uncertainty of future financial results, additional financing requirements, development of new products, our ability to complete our product testing and launch our product commercially, the acceptance of our product in the marketplace, the uncertainty of the laws and regulations relating to cannabis, the impact of competitive products or pricing, technological changes, the effect of economic conditions and other uncertainties detailed from time to time in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, available at http://ir.cdxlife.com/all-sec-filings or www.sec.gov.
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
Buy Photo Navarre's Josh Carter (4) tries to get to the ball carrier during the Chiles vs Navarre preseason football jamboree game at Navarre High School on Thursday, August 17, 2017. (Photo: Gregg Pachkowski/gregg@pnj.com)Buy Photo
We're adding the Mississippi College at University of West Florida football game to our Friday night updates and best tweets tonight - the UWF game was moved up a day because of a tropical storm threat.
COLLEGE
Miss. College 14, UWF 14 13:15 3Q
HIGH SCHOOL
Gulf Breeze 7, Fort Walton Beach 7 1Q
Crestview at Milton, 7:30 p.m.
Navarre 14, Escambia 0 1Q
West Florida 14, Pine Forest 0 8:00 2Q
Madison County at Pensacola Catholic, 7:30 p.m.
Jay 22, Northview 12 3:58 2Q
Andre Duncombe makes an interception on MC's opening drive of the half. Chris Schwarz capitalizes with a five-yard TD run. 14-14 13:15 3Q. — Eric Wallace (@EWall14) October 7, 2017
DANTE WRIGHT
Pick six goes 103 yards for a touchdown. Wright's got his fingerprints all over this one w/ 7:34 to play in 1Q
Nav up 14-0 — Brian Achatz (@PnjBrian) October 7, 2017
Just 22 seconds off the game clock so far. @SageChambers hits @DanteWright8 for a 63 yard touchdown
Navarre leads Escambia 7-0#PNJSports — Brian Achatz (@PnjBrian) October 7, 2017
Halftime: Mississippi College 14, #UWF 7. Argo offense struggling without starting quarterback Mike Beaudry. #pnjsports — Eric Wallace (@EWall14) October 7, 2017
#UWF with the first error of the night as it muffs a punt snap. MC converts a short touchdown pass a few plays later. 14-7 MC 2Q. #pnjsports — Eric Wallace (@EWall14) October 6, 2017
Kalu Onumah has replaced Grey Jackson at quarterback to start the second quarter. #pnjsports — Eric Wallace (@EWall14) October 6, 2017
Pace's @AnthonyEJohnso4 breaks multiple tackles and dives across to score his first collegiate touchdown. #UWF leads 7-0 6:06 1Q. #pnjsports — Eric Wallace (@EWall14) October 6, 2017
Grey Jackson will get the start at quarterback for #UWF tonight. Mike Beaudry did not dress due to injury (concussion protocol). #pnjsports — Eric Wallace (@EWall14) October 6, 2017
Andrew Penn - CEO, Telstra
Telstra chief, Andy Penn, has revealed that 1400 job cuts flagged by the telco will affect roles right across the company's entire business, as it launches itself headlong into an overarching transformation strategy.
Telstra confirmed on 14 June that it planned to cut the jobs from its ranks in a fresh round of redundancies. Now, in a message sent to Telstra employees, Penn has revealed that the cuts will come from most parts of the business across much of the country.
“We are consulting with our people on proposed changes that would ultimately result in up to 1400 roles no longer being required over the next six months,” he said. “This impacts positions from most parts of the business, at all levels of seniority and from all states and territories and, in some cases, internationally.”
The proposed redundancies, according to Penn, are all part of broader plan to better position the company to tackle evolving market and technological pressures.
“Telstra faces an unprecedented world of technology innovation and digital disruption,” Penn said. “This presents opportunities because we are at the centre of helping our customers adapt to technology innovation in their own industries.
“However, it also presents significant challenges as technology is disrupting our own operations as well. I strongly believe we can succeed in this environment, however to do so we need to transform, urgently.
“We will need to become a leaner organisation, one built on digitised systems and services for customers and employees, and one where we will continue to rely on partners for scale,” he said.
In response, Telstra has announced proposed organisational restructures and workforce changes across its Operations, Retail, Global Enterprise and Services, and Media and Marketing divisions.
According to Penn, the proposed changes designed to enable Telstra to work and deliver simpler end-to-end services, reduce its overall operating costs and allow it to compete more effectively.
“As a company, we are facing rapidly changing customer expectations, intensified market pressures and increasing competition, disruptive technology changes and shifting industry economics,” he said. “This includes things that we have talked about previously – the $2-3 billion EBITDA [earnings] gap due to the rollout of the NBN; margins on resale of the NBN likely to be lower than today; and meeting our customers' increasing expectations of us.”
While Penn claims to believe the company has a “great future” ahead of it, he stressed that, for it to be successful, the telco can't afford to operate as is having always done.
“We must change in order to continue to deliver for our customers. That means that we have to transform and challenge every aspect of how we work,” he said.
“That is why today we are announcing a number of proposed changes that we believe will drive greater simplicity and accountability across the business – many of which you have told us would make your roles much easier."
Read more on the next page...
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Get the Mach newsletter.
If you've ever wondered what the inside of a hyperloop capsule might look like, you're in luck.
Newly released photos of the interior of a full-scale capsule mock-up that went on public display in Dubai in February show a cabin that looks like that of a modern airliner but sleeker, if a bit more confined (scroll down for more photos).
Designed for a route between Dubai and Abu Dhabi, the futuristic-looking pod prototype has room for five passengers in first class and 14 in economy. In first class, there are digital displays, temperature-controlled leather seats and touch screens that let passengers adjust the lighting from blue to pink, according to the website of Designworks, the Los Angeles-based consultancy that worked with Virgin Hyperloop One and Dubai's Roads and Transit Authority to create the mock-up.
The Roads and Transport Authority (RTA) unveiled the design model of the hyperloop in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, on Feb. 22, 2018. Christopher Pike / Reuters file
One thing missing from the proposed capsule is windows. That's not surprising for a vehicle designed to zoom through sealed vacuum tubes at speeds approaching 700 mph. But it challenged the mock-up's creators to find ways to "create a windowless cabin without causing a sense of claustrophobia," Designworks designer Adil Ali told NBC News MACH in an email.
Ali said the prototype cabin's ambient and direct lighting are intended to create "an uplifting and sensory experience" to help keep passengers copacetic, as are the seats, which are designed to appear as if they are "floating on air."
If passengers do feel hemmed in, they won't for long. The 87-mile hyperloop ride between Dubai and Abu Dhabi is projected to take about 12 minutes — although it's unclear when the route might open. The same trip takes about 90 minutes by car.
The Virgin Hyperloop One mock-up has room for a total of 19 passengers in two classes of service. BMW Designworks
Virtual windows, which use video technology to simulate passing terrain, have been proposed as a means of calming anxious hyperloop passengers. But even hyperloop partisans acknowledge that some people might be squeamish about traveling via a fast-moving, windowless pod.
"The ride experience will not be for everybody due to speed and small compartments," Dane Egli, president of Hyperloop Advanced Research Partnership, a Colorado-based nonprofit formed to advance hyperloop technologies, told MACH in an email. But "consider the evolution of American rail and aviation transportation systems and how train and airplane compartments developed over the past 150 years to become more passenger-friendly," he said, adding that hyperloop pods will evolve.
The capsule's' seats and lighting are designed to promote "a calm and uplifting experience." BMW Designworks
Elon Musk first proposed the idea of high-speed travel through vacuum tubes in a 2013 white paper. Since then, several firms have begun developing and testing hyperloop technologies. In addition to Virgin Hyperloop One, these include Hyperloop Transportation Technologies, which announced last year that it had begun construction of the world's first full-scale passenger hyperloop capsule.
Numerous hyperloop routes have been proposed, including Chicago to Cleveland and New York City to Washington, as well as between other cities in the U.S. and in other countries.
All that activity is a good thing, according to Egli.
"The congestion and pollution currently plaguing our highways, maritime ports, runways and rail systems are unsustainable and require a new solution that is fast, affordable, clean and safe," he said. "That's the primary capability and imperative for hyperloop. If America doesn't build it first (like the Wright brothers with manned flight), then Europe and others will build it...which they already are!"
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. — If Bill Belichick were fishing, Jim Schwartz did not take the bait.
Belichick back in 1993 gave Schwartz his NFL start, hiring him as an unpaid intern with the Browns. On Sunday, 25 years later, Belichick, Tom Brady and the Patriots will try to score enough points to win Super Bowl LII against an Eagles' defense coordinated by Schwartz.
“I can't say enough good things about Jim Schwartz,” Belichick said this week. “He's one of the smartest people I know. A good, good football coach. I couldn't say a bad thing about Jim Schwartz.”
Anyone who has been around Schwartz, 51, during his long and winding coaching journey knows he wears a scowl more often than not and does not take kindly to praise, purposeful or otherwise.
Informed Belichick was effusive of his intelligence, Schwartz's reaction was a non-reaction.
“Yeah, I'm not going to be on the field on Sunday,” he said. “We need our players to be smart. I like our group that way. We don't make a whole lot of mistakes. It's going to be Tom Brady and their offense matching wits with [Eagles safety] Malcolm Jenkins and our defense. It's not going to be who's been inducted into the Mensa society or anything like that.”
After a pause, Schwartz looked up and, with a half-smirk, added: “I deflected that one well, I think.”
For the Eagles (zero Super Bowl victories) to have a shot at upsetting the Patriots (five Super Bowl victories), Schwartz is going to need one heck of a defensive game plan. Stay the course might be a smart approach. The Eagles have held four straight opponents to 10 or fewer points, including playoff victories over the Falcons (15-10) and Vikings (38-7). The last time the Birds were this unyielding in allowing points was way back in 1974, and the previous NFL team to allow 10 or fewer points in four or more consecutive games was Denver in 2009.
Sure, Schwartz is smart — he earned a degree in economics from Georgetown — and once was a riser. He served as head coach of the Lions for five years, going 29-51 with one playoff appearance, a loss. There is a desire once again to become a head coach.
“Over the last years, I think I've always done a pretty good job of being in the moment and trying to do a good job with the job that I have, whether it was filing papers or being a quality-control coach or being a position coach,” Schwartz said.
Early in the process during this hiring cycle, Schwartz was linked to the Giants, who officially asked the Eagles permission for an interview. A scheduling issue arose. The next available window for the Giants to meet with Schwartz was after the NFC Championship. By then, the Giants already had decided on Pat Shurmur as their new head coach.
“I'll just keep my questions to the Eagles and Patriots,” Schwartz said of not interviewing with the Giants.
Eagles coach Doug Pederson is a former quarterback and the offensive play-caller, so the defense is totally Schwartz's domain. The Eagles rotate eight defensive linemen, keeping the starters fresh, and the defense morphed from a liability earlier in the season into a unit that is the main reason the Eagles are seen as a legitimate threat to prevent the Patriots from hoisting a sixth Lombardi Trophy.
“Coach Schwartz is going to have a great game plan for us,” defensive end Vinny Curry said.
Schwartz, looking back on his time working for Belichick on a Browns staff that included Nick Saban, Eric Mangini and Kirk Ferentz, said:
“We all owe it to Bill Belichick. He shaped everyone's career. We're all better at our jobs because of the program Bill had in place.”
Schwartz made it to a Super Bowl after the 1999 season as an assistant with the Titans. He is back again, looking to beat the man who gave him his start in the business.
“I've always been the kind of guy to do a good job with what I'm doing,” Schwartz said. “I know this: I wouldn't trade this run we've made for anything. Our ultimate goal — I've been 25 years in the NFL, I've been to the playoffs, I've been to the Super Bowl, I've been a head coach — I've never won a Super Bowl. I'm gonna stay in this moment and enjoy this and concentrate all of our efforts on that.”
Courtesy Indianapolis International AirportEvery year, the Airports Council International rates the best airports in the world by size and region. In North America, the Indianapolis International Airport stands up above the rest, winning top in the continent for six of the past seven years. The only slip in its streak was in 2011, when it was “just” second in the region. (Check out the airport rated best in the whole world, too.)
ACI bases its ratings on customer satisfaction, and if you fly into Indianapolis, you'll see why it got such high marks. You'll be blown away immediately by the stunning art throughout the airport. The terminal has a collection of 37 works of art by 17 artists, almost half of whom have Indiana ties. Plus, IIA updates its installations every few months with new artwork from Central Indiana artists.
Courtesy Indianapolis International AirportWhile waiting for your next flight, might as well charge your phone. No need to sit still when you'll be on a plane for the next few hours, though. The airport has “human-powered” charging stations where the outlets only work if you work the pedals attached. (Use this map to learn airport Wi-Fi passwords at IIA and around the world.) It's like fitting in a SoulCycle class while you scroll through Instagram. No matter where you're stuck, learn how to make the most of a layover.
If you need a bite to eat, you won't be stuck with refrigerated sandwiches and fast food burgers. There are plenty of local Indianapolis eateries, like Indianapolis 500 Grill, Shapiro's Delicatessen, Naked Tchopstix, and Cafe Patachou. Learn what nutritionists call the healthiest things to eat an an airport.
Indianapolis International Airport even houses its very own bee farm. Honey bees—which are crucial to helping crops and other plants pollinate—are dying out, so IIA is working to protect them. The apiary also educates the community and trains beekeepers. (In your own backyard, plant these 5 flowers that help bees thrive.)
Courtesy Indianapolis International AirportBees aren't the only way the airport is helping the environment, though. Before you land, you'll probably notice something weird about the airport. What are the weird rectangles on the ground? Indianapolis is home to the world's biggest airport solar farm. Every year, the solar panels generate enough electricity to power more than 3,650 homes for a year.
Courtesy Indianapolis International Airport
Flying is never fun, but Indianapolis makes it a little more pleasant. If you aren't flying through IIA, read up on these 16 airport mistakes to make your next flight go more smoothly.
BALTIMORE (AP) - A grand jury has indicted four Baltimore teenagers accused of killing a Maryland police officer who was crushed by a stolen Jeep on a suburban cul-de-sac, authorities announced Wednesday.
In a statement, the Baltimore County State's Attorney's office said the grand jury indictments are made up of first-degree murder and burglary charges.
Baltimore County officer Amy Caprio died May 21 while responding to a report of a suspicious vehicle in the suburb of Perry Hall. Police accused 16-year-old Dawnta Harris of running her down in the stolen car as she tried to apprehend him.
The state was formally supervising Harris, who was wearing an ankle bracelet pending sentencing for auto theft when he was arrested in Caprio's death.
Also facing murder charges are his three alleged accomplices. They were allegedly committing a burglary in a nearby home when Caprio was run down on the street.
Under the state's felony murder law, if someone is killed during a burglary, accomplices can also be prosecuted in the slaying. All four teenagers involved are now charged as adults and being held in an adult lockup.
Prosecutors allege Caprio's body camera recorded Harris accelerating the Jeep at the officer as she tried to apprehend him.
A defense lawyer for Harris, J. Wyndal Gordon, has argued that the state agency tasked with managing and treating youngsters like his client clearly dropped the ball.
"They let Amy Caprio down," Gordon said recently.
In the days following the policewoman's killing, some authorities in Maryland blamed each other for having put Harris on home arrest while he awaited sentencing for auto theft.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, NC--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Global pharmaceutical businesses are the most likely to involve multiple functions in postmarketing, or Phase 4, study planning. A recent study of pharmaceutical companies found that among surveyed global teams, 100% reported involving medical affairs, compliance and legal functions in their Phase 4 strategy-building activities. Additionally, 88% of surveyed global teams involve market access, and 75% involve both marketing and regulatory functions in Phase 4 study plans.
The data in Post-Marketing Study Excellence: Design Phase 4 Trials to Demonstrate Real-World Outcomes, published by business intelligence firm Cutting Edge Information, revealed that there were notable discrepancies in the functions that plan Phase 4 studies based on team geography. For instance, when planning postmarketing studies, surveyed teams in the US favor the expertise of medical affairs and clinical development functions. The data show that 86% of US teams involve their clinical functions during postmarketing study planning, compared to only 57% of surveyed global teams and 50% of ex-US country-level teams that do the same.
"Companies involve a mixture of medical affairs, clinical development and many other teams in their postmarketing activities," said Natalie DeMasi, research team leader at Cutting Edge Information. "Specific functions' level of strategic planning and execution responsibilities may differ based on many factors, such as each team's geographic alignment."
Country-level teams are most likely to involve their medical affairs function (92%) during Phase 4 study planning activities. Between 50% and 60% of these teams incorporate compliance, market access, regulatory or clinical development groups. However, very few country-level teams reported involving legal, business development or commercial teams to design their post marketing research.
Post-Marketing Study Excellence: Design Phase 4 Trials to Demonstrate Real-World Outcomes, available at https://www.cuttingedgeinfo.com/product/phase-4-clinical-trials/, provides insight and best practices on post-marketing research ownership, funding and staffing post-marketing studies. The report also includes trend analysis and metrics on interventional and observational studies, as well as the effectiveness of study outcomes due to early planning. The study's analysis helps Phase 4 teams:
Determine the best-fit post-marketing research alignment for global and regional-level teams.
Implement key recommendations for planning the number of studies per product.
Understand the latest trends concerning observational and interventional studies.
Identify post-marketing study team staffing trends.
To learn more about Cutting Edge Information's pharmaceutical industry research and its Phase 4 excellence report, visit https://www.cuttingedgeinfo.com.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/13/11G130161/Images/February_15_2017_-_PH220_-_HH_-_Global_Team_Method-0f9b523d788b9ac8b5e4fdb5ef125b36.jpg
The promise of a chip-free manicure that lasts for three to four weeks instead of three to four days with regular nail polish is practically irresistible. Gel is perfect if you're on your nails or you don't have the time (or cash) for weekly manicures, but still need your hands looking neat.
If you're curious about how gel nail polish works and why it's so different from regular polish, head on over to my guide to the Top 10 Best Gel Nail Polish Brands of 2018 for a quick science lesson, tips and tricks for a great gel manicure, and the best brands available right now.
Whether you're a professional nail technician or you're doing your own gel nails at home to save money, you need a quality lamp. If your gel polish doesn't have to cure under UV/LED light, it's not really a gel. Read my article on the Top 10 Best UV & LED Nail Lamps of 2018 to see which is the best fit for you.
So now that you've got long-lasting gel polish, how do you get it off?
The best thing about gel polish is that once it's cured, it's really on there. The trickiest thing about gel polish is that when you want to take it off, it still really on there. This is the reason gel nail polish can get a bad rap for damaging nails, and it's true that removing gel incorrectly can leave you with thin nails, but the same could be said for repeatedly picking off regular nail polish. It's all about the process. If you remove your gel properly and don't try to rush it, gel should come off with minimal effect on your natural nails. But it's all about timing, patience, and supplies.
Timing. As soon as your gel nails are really starting to chip, it's time to remove them. With regular polish, you can leave it on all chipped and scraggly-looking until it falls off or grows out, but with gel you don't want to wait that long. Because it's so strong, once it's cracking and chipping, gel lacquer can trap water underneath the polish holding it against your nail which can create the perfect environment for bacteria and other nasties. All this to say, it's important to be able to take your gel polish off when it's time to come off.
Patience Hate to break it to you, but removing gel will take time. If done correctly, I'm only talking 10 to 20 minutes. It's not that bad considering when you rush and force it, that's when gel is going to damage your nails by removing a layer of nail along with the lacquer. I'm always seeing products advertising that they can remove gel in five minutes. Is it possible to remove a gel manicure in five minutes? Maybe. You can also stop needing to do dishes if you break all your dishes. It solves one problem, but creates way more.
So take your time. The gel needs to soak for at least 10 minutes. If you're struggling to pry it off, it's not ready. Soak it more. Gel should come off with minimal scraping.
Supplies. There are a few things that are non-negotiable: a nail file, acetone, cuticle pusher or orange stick, and some kind of moisturizer. There are lots of different ways to remove your gel, but all should have these four things involved.
When you're ready to remove your gel, make sure you take a nail file and file down the top layer of your gel. Don't go too deep, just enough to dull the shine so it's more matte looking. This will break the seal of the gel and make soaking easier and faster.
You'll need at least a 98 percent solution of acetone to get gel off. Non-acetone won't cut it and removers with a lot of conditioning agents may slow down the removal process. Best to just bite the bullet with full strength acetone so you can soak for 10 minutes instead of 25 with a weaker solution.
After soaking, you should be able to gently scrap off the lacquer. You can pick up a gel polish removal tool, but most cuticle pushers will do. If you don't have a quality personal manicure kit, read my guide to the Top 10 Best Manicure Sets and Kits.
Acetone can be very drying for both your nails and your skin. After removal, make sure you're hydrating with either a thick hand lotion or good cuticle oil. See my posts of the Best Cuticle Oils and Creams and Best Luxury Hand Creams for suggestions and tips.
Now that we know the how and the what, let's check out the best products today for removing your gel nail polish.
1. Best Steamer Remover for Gel Nail Polish: Blue Top Electric Gel Nail Polish Steamer
The most high-tech solution to gel nail removal, the Electric Gel Nail Polish Steamer speeds up the process. It's super easy to use and won't actually “steam” your fingers. You pour a small amount of acetone nail polish remover into the bowl on the inside and close it up. Insert your fingers through the holes and hold the grip like you would a ball so that your fingernails are in the correct position to get the full effect. If you let them dangle, the removal process will take longer. Then just switch it on and the machine heats up the acetone just enough to create a warm mist that gently breaks down the gel. It works on acrylics too, but will take almost double the time. It's not a miracle worker but it's still faster than straight soaking and more comfortable than wrapping your fingers in aluminium foil. Make sure to file your polish first and moisturize after.
Price: $43.99
2. Best Brand of Acetone Remover for Gel Nail Polish: Onyx Professional 100 Percent Acetone Nail Polish Remover
When you need a good remover to go into your steamer or other removal method, Onyx is a great brand to go with. Their Professional 100 Percent Acetone Nail Polish Remover is literally as strong as it gets. It doesn't contain any conditioners and vitamins for your nails, and that's a good thing when you need full strength to get a job done fast. The only ingredients in this are acetone and denatonium benzoate which is the most bitter substance in the world and is added to products to make sure no one accidentally drinks them. This 16 ounce bottle comes with a glass nail file, and if you're still using a cheap emery board, you'll be amazed at the difference. I featured another Onyx brand remover in my Best Nail Polish Removers article.
Price: $8.59
3. Best Mani & Pedi Remover for Gel Nail Polish: Teenitor Gel Nail Polish Remover Clips for Nails & Toes
These nail clips are unique because you get a set for your manicures and a set for your pedicures. The clips for your fingernails are similar to the clips above, but the clips for your toes include smaller clips suitable for little toes and two larger clips to fit around your big toes. Only some colors (like purple) come with cotton pads, but to be able to stop fussing with tin foil falling off my baby toe, I'd be willing to buy the rest separately. Cotton balls can work, but you'll have to tear them in half or so to properly fit. The set comes in orange, purple, and pink.
Price: From $8.99
4. Best Bulk Acetone Remover for Gel Nail Polish: Super Nail Pure Acetone
If you're still looking for the right acetone, Super Nail Pure Acetone is 100 percent strength and manufactured in the United States. It's strong, fast, and cheap. On regular nail polish, it works so fast you'll forget why you ever thought of taking off your nail polish as a chore. It's very effective on gel polish in either soaks or wraps. Super Nail also is a company that doesn't use animal testing so you can feel good about where your money is going.
Price: $9.61
5. Best All-Included Remover for Gel Nail Polish: Etereauty Gel Polish Removal Kit
This removal kit from Etereauty comes with everything you need to remove your gel nail polish. You get a two grit emery board, nail buffer stick, 102 foil nails wraps pre-moistened with nail polish remover, double-sided cuticle pusher tool, and a bottle of cuticle oil to soothe your nails afterward. This basically gives you everything you need. There's a lot here for under $15 so I wouldn't expect these to be the highest quality possible, but if you want to pick up all your tools in one purchase, this is a good option.
he packets are neat in that they look like wet-wipes so you tear open the package and put your finger inside where there's a cotton pad already soaked with remover. Then, you tear off a clear strip of plastic on the middle of the outside of the packet. This strip is how you secure the packet to your finger by wrapping it tightly around. Keep in mind that you may need to add a bit more nail polish remover to the packets if they're not wet enough for you to begin win. I don't really ever recommend buffing as it thins and weakens your nail, but if you've got serious ridges after your gel nails, it's not a bad thing to have around.
Price: $25.99
6. Best Clip Remover for Gel Nail Polish: Set of 20 Nail Polish Remover Clips With Cotton Pads
If you don't like the idea of disposable nail wraps, try these plastic nail clips that you can reuse over and over. The set comes with 20 clips, one set of 10 in pink and another set of 10 in purple, as well as 500 cotton pads which you'd soak in remover and then hold in place on your nail with the clips. With that many cotton pads, this price comes out to around $0.20 per manicure, but unlike with foil strips, after that you just need to repurchase the cotton as the clips can last you indefinitely. There aren't specific clips for specific nails so they fit about what you'd expect for a one-size-fits-most sort of thing. If you have very large hands, these might not work on your thumbs, but otherwise you're probably okay. The pads aren't pre-dampened so you provide your own acetone remover.
Price: $10
7. Best Before & After Remover for Gel Nail Polish: Onyx Professional Nail Polish Remover Kit
If you want to go a little gentler on your hands (and your nose) try this Nail Polish Remover Kit from Onyx. It comes with a four ounce bottle of the Onyx Professional Soak Off Gel and All Nail Coatings Remover which contains vitamin E and grapeseed oil to protect your nails from drying out. That does mean your soaking time could be a little longer, but the remover is also coconut scented so the wait isn't so unpleasant. The kit pairs this with a four ounce bottle of Nail Prep Cleanser for before you do your nails which removes any natural oils from your nails that can interfere with your nail polish properly sticking. You also get 20 foil wraps, six sanding blocks for filing, and 20 salon wipes for removing the tacky layer of your gel top coat. The only downside here is that these aren't huge bottles. If you decide you love the Onyx Professional Soak Off Remover, you can pick it up on its on really cheap which is nice.
Price: $11.99
8. Best Foil Remover for Gel Nail Polish: Makartt Nail Polish Remover Soak Off Gel Foil Wraps
Foil nail wraps on a budget, these foil strips with attached cotton pads from Markartt perform almost as well as the CND brand, and for much cheaper. They don't seal quite as well as CND and can dry out, but the difference isn't huge. With 200 strips in the package, you're looking at around $0.55 per manicure. These do not come pre-moistened so you'll have to provide your own acetone remover before applying them. The foil is easier to bend and maneuver than aluminium foil from your kitchen and the pads keep the acetone from dripping.
Price: $9.34
9. Best Remover for Gel Nail Polish With Several Options: Bundle Monster Gel Nail Polish Removal Kit
This is a nail polish removal kit that covers several different methods for removing nail polish, all in a feminine pink. First is the tried and true soak bowl for literally soaking your gel nail polish off in a bowl of acetone. The soaking bowl is designed to let your hand comfortably rest with only your fingertips submerged. You also get 100 foil nail wraps with attached cotton pads along with a pump nail polish remover dispenser. The Zoya Remove Plus made this design popular because the acetone is only dispensed if you press down on the top, that way you can press one of the foil wraps onto the bottle without having to worry about tipping the entire bottle of acetone over and ruining whatever table you're working on. For a more reusable option, you get 10 plastic nail tips.
These things look like little astronaut helmets for your fingers but are a way to soak only your fingertips. Nail polish remover sits in the clear section and then the pink cap seals around your finger to keep the acetone from spilling. It's a little awkward, but some people love it. Personally, it looks a little risky to me and I'd stick a acetone soaked cotton ball in there instead. The kit also comes with a cuticle pusher for removing the gel polish and two empty nail pens with extra nibs. You can fill these with acetone to clean up mistakes when polishing or with cuticle oil for a convenient, no spill applicator. You get a lot here, so again, for this kind of price, it won't be the highest quality, but it will definitely get the job done.
Price: $14.99
10. Best Luxury Remover for Gel Nail Polish:: Creative Nail Design Shellac Foil Remover Wraps
Foil wrapping by soaking a cotton pad or ball in remover and then holding it in place on your nail with strips of aluminium foil is a basic method of removing gel polish and stubborn glitter in regular nail polish. It can get a little finicky when you're juggling cotton balls with foil-wrapped fingers and tearing strips of foil either too small or way too big. CND makes this process simpler with their Shellac Foil Remover Wraps made specifically for their Shellac Nail System–but they'll work on any gel or regular nail polish.
These pre-cut foil strips come with attached cotton pads that won't slip around or fall off on you. They're a great size for both fingers and toes, but can be a little small on thumbs and big toes if you have large hands and feet. These come dry so you'll need to add your favorite acetone to the pad before wrapping. This box comes with 250 wraps or enough for 25 full manicures, bringing the price to under $1 per manicure removal.
Price: $19.95
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
Things got a little strange on the Road Trippin' podcast this week when Cavs sideline reporter Allie Clifton brought up that Cavs' DJ Montage doesn't believe in two things: Dinosaurs or Elvis.
Which is weird. But then, it got weirder thanks to Jordan Clarkson, who because the latest NBA player to go against all scientific proof we have about how the world works to explain his theory about dinosaurs. It's actually a sort of delightful theory, if you can get away with being alarmed about people refusing to believe in science.
The Hernandez brothers were each on the fast track to football success in 2013 when the news of NFL star Aaron's involvement in the murder of Odin Lloyd suddenly sent their careers and lives spiraling.
Aaron's older brother, Jonathan, or “D.J.,” inevitably was caught up in the collateral damage of the crime. Now he finally is ready to resume his coaching dream more than two years after he gave up his post at a big-time Division I program and ran for cover.
The former University of Connecticut quarterback has been named the head football coach at Ledyard High School in Connecticut, according to high school sports website The Day. Athletic director Jim Buonocore, who coached Hernandez in 2004 during the state's high school all-star game, raved about the former standout player turned coach.
“Jonathan is an extremely intelligent individual who has proven time and again that he is willing to work hard with young people to help them achieve success,” Buonocore said Friday. “He has a clear understanding of our expectations in Ledyard, and I am confident he can exceed those expectations in meeting the academic, social, emotional and athletic needs of our students.”
After earning Gatorade High School Player of the Year honors in 2004 and graduating from UConn four years later, Hernandez started making a name for himself in the college football coaching ranks, securing jobs at Brown University as a quarterbacks coach, the University of Miami as a graduate assistant and Iowa University as a tight ends coach.
It was during his time at Iowa that Hernandez learned of the murder charges against his brother and quickly tried to distance himself from the family name. As he told Sports Illustrated in a July feature, the 30-year-old moved to Texas with his wife, abandoned his coaching career to work as a roofer and started going by Jonathan over his childhood nickname “D.J.”
After years of being denied coaching jobs because of his relationship with Aaron, Hernandez has been given a second chance — and in his home state, where people surely will remember his past, the good and the bad.
Jonathan said he still visits Aaron often in jail, but he never has asked him what happened that June night in 2013.
“Whether Aaron did or did not do it, I don't know,” Jonathan told Sports Illustrated. “And honestly, it's irrelevant. It really is. He's in a situation because he decided to be in the wrong place at the wrong time with the wrong people.”
Aaron, the former Patriots tight end, is serving a life sentence for Lloyd's murder. He also has been charged in a separate case with the killing of two men in 2012. He has pleaded not guilty. The trial is scheduled to begin next month.
By Junno Arocho Esteves
VATICAN CITY (CNS) — Pope Francis will commemorate all those who have died in war by celebrating Mass at an Italian cemetery where thousands of American soldiers killed during World War II are buried.
The Vatican announced Oct. 6 that the pope will celebrate the feast of All Souls' Day, Nov. 2, at the Sicily-Rome American Cemetery and Memorial in Nettuno, 45 miles south of Rome.
The Mass will commemorate “all who have fallen in wars,” the Vatican said.
More than 7,800 members of the U.S. military are buried at the 77-acre cemetery. Many of the soldiers died in 1943 during Operation Husky, the Allies' campaign to liberate the island of Sicily from the Axis powers.
The Allied victory led to the toppling of Italian Fascist dictator Benito Mussolini and weakened Nazi Germany's foothold in Europe.
After the Mass, Pope Francis will visit the Fosse Ardeatine monument, the site of a mass execution in which 300 Italian civilians were killed by Nazi troops in 1944.
Blessed Paul VI, St. John Paul II and retired Pope Benedict XVI have each visited the memorial and paid their respects to those murdered in the massacre.
– – –
Follow Arocho on Twitter: @arochoju.
– – –
Copyright © 2017 Catholic News Service/U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. www.catholicnews.com. All rights reserved. Republishing or redistributing of CNS content, including by framing or similar means without prior permission, is prohibited. You may link to stories on our public site. This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To request permission for republishing or redistributing of CNS content, please contact permissions at cns@catholicnews.com.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Special counsel Robert Mueller's team of investigators has recently questioned a former British spy who compiled a dossier of allegations about President Donald Trump's ties to Russia.
A person familiar with the investigation says the interview with Christopher Steele took place in Europe. The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity to discuss an ongoing investigation.
The dossier received public attention in January when it was revealed that then-FBI Director James Comey briefed Trump in a private meeting on a summary of Steele's findings. Trump has called those allegations “fake news” even as the FBI has been investigating and working to corroborate the document's claims.
CNN first reported the interview with Steele.
LOS ANGELES (CBSLA) — Two women who say they were sexually assaulted by actor Steven Seagal are set to discuss their allegations Monday.
A press conference was held at the law offices of Lisa Bloom, the attorney representing Regina Simons and Faviola Daddick.
Prosecutors with the Los Angeles County District Attorney's office last month said they were looking into sexual assault allegations against the “Hard To Kill” actor.
Actress Regina Simons recently told talk show host Megyn Kelly that Seagal raped her in 1993 while she was an extra on the film “On Deadly Ground”, but it wasn't clear whether the case being investigated involves Simons.
Simons is among several women who have accused Seagal of sexual assault over the years, including Jenny McCarthy, Portia de Rossi and Rae Dawn Chong.
MENDOZA, Argentina — Argentina was forced into a late change for its Rugby Championship closer against Australia when midfield regular Jeronimo de la Fuente failed a fitness test on Friday, a day after hurting his left leg in training.
De La Fuente, who has started in every Pumas test this year, was replaced by backup Santiago Gonzalez Iglesias, who will on Saturday make his first start in almost a year.
Three-time Rugby World Cup back Juan Martin Hernandez came into the reserves for a match in which the Pumas are out to redeem themselves.
They are at risk of failing to earn a competition point for the first time since joining the competition in 2012.
The Pumas enjoyed one win in 2014, '15 and '16, against either Australia or South Africa, but have regressed this year with five heavy losses, none of them earning even a losing bonus point for being within seven points of the victor.
The Pumas pack has imposed itself only briefly, and the scrum was ruined last week by the All Blacks. The backline hasn't sparkled or threatened. And poor discipline has hurt them, highlighted by five yellow cards and one red.
Flanker Pablo Matera insists the Pumas have the right game plan.
“We are failing to carry out the game plan,” Matera says. “The system is not failing, it is us players who are failing.”
He adds the team is more angry than disappointed with its results and how it is playing.
The nature of the competition means the Pumas don't have time to be frustrated, he adds, but they also don't have time to fix all of their mistakes.
They remain determined to beat Australia, as they did in the same Malvinas Argentinas Stadium in 2014.
“If we beat Australia, we can finish the championship by beating a top team,” Matera says. “To beat Italy in November will not give us anything.”
——
Lineups:
Argentina: Joaquin Tuculet, Matias Moroni, Matias Orlando, Santiago Gonzalez Iglesias, Emiliano Boffelli, Nicolas Sanchez, Martin Landajoi; Javier Ortega, Tomas Lezana, Pablo Matera, Matias Alemanno, Marcos Kremeri, Nahuel Tetaz Chaparro, Agustin Creevy (captain), Lucas Noguera. Reserves: Julian Montoya, Santiago Garcia Botta, Enrique Pieretto, Benjamin Macome, Leonardo Senatore, Gonzalo Bertranou, Juan Martin Hernandez, Santiago Cordero.
Australia: Israel Folau, Marika Koroibete, Tevita Kuridrani, Kurtley Beale, Reece Hodge, Bernard Foley, Will Genia, Sean McMahon, Michael Hooper (captain), Jack Dempsey, Adam Coleman, Izack Rodda, Sekope Kepu, Tatafu Polota-Nau, Scott Sio. Reserves: Stephen Moore, Tetera Faulkner, Allan Alaalatoa, Rob Simmons, Lukhan Tui, Nick Phipps, Samu Kerevi, Henry Speight.
The baby's father assaulted his mother before fleeing with him in a car, police said.
A 10-month-old infant who was taken by his father in New Jersey Wednesday morning has been found safe.
Police said Reign Berry was found safe in Paterson a few hours after he was taken from his home by his 30-year-old father, George Berry.
The father, who violated a restraining order taken out by the boy's mother by kicking in the door to the home, is still on the lam.
Authorities said the man also punched the mother in the face before taking the boy and driving off in a Chrysler Town and Country minivan.
The van was also located. It's not clear where George Berry may have been heading.
An Amber Alert was issued for Reign Berry, but it has since been canceled.
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
ERIN, Wis. -- You don't see a ton of smiles inside the ropes during U.S. Open practice rounds. Not when the sport's most physically and mentally draining endeavor awaits, warranting a player's unwavering attention as they prepare for battle. At times, the tension is suffocating; after all, it's supposed to be a game, yes?
So catching this playful exchange between 2015 U.S. Open champ Jordan Spieth and his sister Ellie on Wednesday at Erin Hills was a sight for sore eyes.
Ellie has been called the "real star of the Spieth family," her unbridled joy continually injecting a sense of levity. The same rings true in Wisconsin, as she stole the show on the tournament's eve.
WATCH MORE U.S. OPEN VIDEOS
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
3:38 We'll be there
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
Back in May, Google announced something called 'Google Duplex' at I/O. The feature would be able to call businesses using humanlike speech patterns to set up appointments or make reservations. But months before that, the Chrome team had already renamed its experimental 'Chrome Home' interface to 'Chrome Duplex.' Chrome Duplex is now being renamed again to 'Chrome Duet' to avoid confusion with the fancy new Google Duplex.
The information behind this name change comes courtesy of a code change request in Chromium Gerrit, which reads:
Rename Chrome Duplex to Chrome Duet This renames is to avoid name collision with Google Duplex; a feature completely unrelated to Chrome toolbars.
'Chrome Duplex' was a slick-sounding name, though I have nothing against 'Chrome Duet' either. When you see us mention new Chrome Duet changes/additions in the future, know that we're still talking about Chrome on Android's experimental interface.
On Pay Parity In Bollywood
"Investing money in a film is directly co-related to the people you are bringing to the theatre. I'm not delusional that the same number of viewers who go to watch Varun's movies will come to see my work. He has a wider reach than me."
Alia Bhatt Hits The Nail Right In The Head!
"That's why I can't expect that the same amount of money, which is invested in his solo-starrers, is invested in mine, too. Also, it's the subject that makes a film viable. We can't be categorical about everything because every actor and movie is different."
When Asked If She Is Okay To Reduce Her Fees
"Never say never, but I won't let go of a movie that I like because of remuneration."
Money Is Not Everything
"I'll find a way around it. I'll still do it because the emotional attachment to my work is way more than the monetary one," she summed it up to DNA.
On The Work Front
Alia Bhatt is currently shooting for her upcoming movies Gully Boy, Kalank and Brahmastra. All the three movies are scheduled to hit the theatres in 2019.
The wait for the arrival of Villain have finally come to an end with the makers of the Mohanlal starrer confirming that the film will hit the theatres on October 27, 2016.
Villain, directed by B Unnikrishnan is high on expectations and the Mohanlal starrer has been in the news ever since the movie was officially announced.
Mohanlal's Villain is a big budget venture and the movie has some big names of the industry. Villain will also pave way for the entry of Vishal, Srikanth, Hansika Motwani etc., in Mollywood.
Now, here is an interesting snippet about the film and it is regarding the first choice for Vishal's role in the film. Keep scrolling down to know more about the same..
LONDON/NEW YORK: Cryptocurrencies plunged on Friday, with bitcoin at one point sliding below $8,000 and headed for its biggest weekly loss since December 2013, as worries about a regulatory clampdown globally sent investors scrambling to sell.The currencies have come off their lows but analysts said the sell-off was probably not over.This week's slump brought the total market value of cryptocurrencies down to around $400 billion, half the high it reached in January, according to industry tracker Coinmarketcap.com. The market value of cryptocurrencies is calculated by multiplying the number of digital coins in existence by their price, although many questions whether that is the right way to value them.Bitcoin, the biggest and best-known cryptocurrency, fell as much as 15 percent on Friday to a two-month low of $7,625 on the Luxembourg-based Bitstamp exchange. It clawed back some losses and was down around 4.1 percent at $8,623.50 in mid-morning New York trading.The virtual currency is down by close to 25 percent this week and almost 40 percent in 2018.The second and third largest virtual currencies, Ethereum and Ripple, also plunged more than 20 percent at the session low, Coinmarketcap.com said. Ethereum was last down 18.2 percent, at $913.37, while Ripple last traded at 80 US cents, down 16.7 percent.Retail investors have poured money into digital coins, enticed by the huge run-up in prices. Regulators say cryptocurrencies are highly speculative and dangerous investments.On Thursday, India vowed to eradicate the use of crypto-assets, joining China and South Korea in promising to ban parts of the nascent market where prices have boomed in recent years.Social media website Facebook said this week it would ban cryptocurrency advertisements because many were associated with misleading or deceptive promotional practices. US regulators have sent a subpoena to two of the world's biggest cryptocurrency players, Bitfinex and Tether“The growing confusion revolving around the Indian government's view on cryptocurrencies sparked uncertainty, consequently exposing bitcoin to downside risks,” said Lukman Otunuga, research analyst at FXTM.“Price action suggests that bears are clearly in control, with further losses on the cards as jitters over regulation erode investor appetite further,” he added.A massive $530 million hack of a Japanese cryptocurrency exchange last week renewed worries about the security of the industry.Critics of virtual currencies have called the run-up in prices a speculative bubble, but supporters of cryptocurrencies say short-term price volatility is to be expected, and the blockchain technology underpinning these assets maintains its power and value.Going back to 2011 and including the current selloff, bitcoin's price has been halved nine times on the Bitstamp exchange before recovering. The last time was from November 2014 to January 2015.
Project info
He is 19 years old. He can not see his goal yet where he will head. But young beautiful time he is alive.
Hello is set to be the big Tollywood release of the upcoming Christmas season. The film, featuring Akhil Akinneni in the lead role, is expected to make a grand release on December 22, 2017.
Directed by Vikram Kumar, Hello is the second acting venture of Akhil Akkineni as a lead hero. Vikram Kumar, with Hello, is expected to deliver yet another big hit to Tollywood.
Some of the songs of Hello have already gained the attention of the audiences. The audio launch ceremony of Hello was held at MGM studios inVisakhapatnam on December 10, 2017.
The big function was attended by celebrities like Nagarjuna, Priyadarshan, Akhil Akkineni, Kalyani Priyadarshan, Vikram Kumar and others. Take a look at some photos from the function..
Nagarjuna & Others Nagarjuna, who has produced the film under the banner of Annapurna Studios, was present for the big function. In this picture, you could see Nagarjuna along with Akhil Akkineni, Vikram Kumar and Anup Rubens.
Akhil Akkineni, who plays the lead role in this upcoming movie, spoke a few words during the function. In his emotional speech, he thanked his parents and Vikram Kumar for supporting him throughout - even during the tough times.
Kalyani Priyadarshan Kalyani Priyadarshan, the daughter of popular film-maker Priyadarshan is making her debut as a leading lady with Hello. Earlier, the actress had worked as an assistant director in the film Irumugan.
Priyadarshan Popular film-maker Priyadarshan was also present for the grand function held in Vishakapattanam. Interestingly, Vikram Kumar had earlier worked as an assistant to the ace film-maker.
Amala Akkineni Yesteryear actress Amala Akkineni made it a point to grace the big audio launch function of her son's upcoming movie. In this picture, you could see Amala Akkineni, Kalyani Priyadarshan and Priyadarshan.
Anup Rubens Hello has its songs set to tune by popular music director Anup Rubens. Hello has 5 songs in it and most of them have emerged as catchy numbers.
LIVE Performance The live performance of Akhil Akkineni was one of the major highlights of the movie. He did impress the audience with his dance performance. Importantly, he also sang live on stage.
MORE PICTURES! Hello Audio Launch Ceremony
Hello. Here's your morning briefing:
Image copyright AFP
Key North Korea official meets Pompeo
The latest step towards a potential meeting between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un took place on Wednesday, when Mr Kim's right-hand man met the US secretary of state in New York. Gen Kim Yong-chol had dinner with Mike Pompeo, and they are due to hold further talks on Thursday. It is all part of efforts to get the two leaders to sit down together in Singapore next month. Mr Pompeo told reporters after the dinner that it had been "great" and they had eaten "American beef". The US wants North Korea to give up its nuclear weapons, but Pyongyang has objected to Washington drawing comparisons with Libya - whose leader was killed by Western-backed fighters after surrendering his weapons of mass destruction. Who is Gen Kim Yong-chol? Read more about him here.
Top 10 worst excuses for not appointing women executives
Businesses have been accused of having "pitiful" excuses for not appointing women to their boards, according to a government-commissioned report. The Hampton-Alexander Review on gender balance in the boardroom documented a range of excuses firms gave for not having female directors, including "we have one woman already on the board, so we are done - it is someone else's turn". The government wants to ensure that at least a third of FTSE 350 company board members are women by 2020. Click here to see what the gender pay gap is at your company.
Get news from the BBC in your inbox, each weekday morning
Kim Kardashian intercedes with Trump
The US businesswoman and reality TV star Kim Kardashian West has met President Donald Trump at the White House to discuss a potential pardon for a 63-year-old great-grandmother who is serving life in prison. Alice Marie Johnson has been behind bars for more than two decades for a first-time drug offence. Mrs Kardashian West got involved after she saw a video posted on social media, and is paying for Johnson's legal team. She was sentenced to life in prison without parole in 1996 after being convicted of relaying messages between drug distributors and sellers.
Meghan and Davidson on influential women list
Vogue has published its inaugural list of Britain's 25 most influential and aspirational women. It includes the Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle, and the Scottish Conservative leader, Ruth Davidson. The magazine said the duchess is "helping to forge a new 21st Century identity for the monarchy". Ms Davidson is the only politician on the list, with Vogue saying she was included for her "relatable personality and progressive ideas".
What could Brexit mean for the UK's creative talent?
By Ian Youngs
From Adele to James Bond, from David Hockney to Harry Potter, the UK's creative talent is admired around the globe. And the creative industries are one of the UK's fastest growing sectors, growing at twice the rate of the overall economy. Those in the creative industries are far more anti-Brexit than the rest of the country - a poll by the Creative Industries Federation (CIF) found 96% of its members voted Remain in the 2016 referendum. Personal politics aside, there are practical reasons why people in the arts are worried that Brexit will be bad news - including their concerns about free movement of talent, funding and Britain's reputation around the world. But others are seeing silver linings.
Read more from Ian here
What the papers say
Image copyright I and Sun
The James Bond film You Only Live Twice provides inspiration for several front-page headlines about a Russian journalist who was believed to have been shot dead in Ukraine but was later shown on TV to be safe and well. The Ukrainian authorities staged Arkady Babchenko's death as a way of foiling an alleged Russian assassination plot. Elsewhere, the Daily Mirror leads with claims that British pilots were deliberately exposed to radiation in Cold War nuclear experiments, while the Times says France is blocking UK attempts to keep access to EU systems which help identify foreign criminals.
You can read our full review of Thursday's papers here.
Daily digest
Red card Football urged to kick out single-use plastics
Tories warned Muslim group tells Conservatives to 'remove Islamophobia from party'
Financial health Deficit for NHS trusts in England are double the amount planned
Off-track Thameslink compares poor service to Poundland chocolate
If you watch one thing today
City in the Sky: Departure
If you listen to one thing today
Kelis: My Life in Five Dishes
If you read one thing today
Image copyright BBC Three
How two traffic fines led a boy to his death
Sign up for a morning briefing direct to your phone
Lookahead
1130 The Ivor Novello Awards for excellence in British and Irish songwriting and composing are awarded. Stormzy, Ed Sheeran and Elbow are among the nominees.
Today Ronnie Barker's handwritten four-page script for the Four Candles sketch is set to sell for £40,000 at auction.
On this day
1985 The Football Association, supported by then-Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, bans English clubs from playing in Europe following the Heysel stadium tragedy.
From elsewhere
A Worldwide Scramble to Pull Off a Trump and Kim Summit (New York Times)
Singapore Airlines to launch world's longest commercial flight in October (Reuters)
Why scientists created the world's smallest house (NBC News)
The countries you should visit that the Queen hasn't (Daily Telegraph)
Harikrishnan – The Writer Of Odiyan
National Award-winning scriptwriter Harikrishnan, who has penned the script for movies like Kutty Srank, Swapaanam etc., has penned the script of this much awaited Mohanlal starrer as well. Most recently, the writer opened up about the birth of the story Odiyan, in an interview given to On Manorama.
The Birth Of Odiyan
He mentioned that this particular question got registered on his mind as well and it was in fact the word 'last', which had triggered the idea of making the movie. He also stated that it was producer Antony Perumbavoor who gave the team the freedom to conceive the film as big as possible.
Steven Spielberg And Odiyan
Harikrishnan is a journalist by profession and he used to take classes for journalism students. The writer opened up in the interview that once as a test of creativity he had assigned a topic to the students for the preparation of a feature copy and the topic was if Steven Spielberg came to Palakkad to visit the last Odiyan.
The Last Odiyan
In Odiyan, Mohanlal will be seen portraying a character named Manikyan, who is the last known Odiyan in the film. Apart from Mohanlal, the film also features Prakash Raj, Manju Warrier, Narain, Manoj Joshi etc., in important roles.
The relationship between the Bigg Boss 11 contestants is unpredictable. They are seen bonding with one another so well, but the very next moment they are seen fighting!
We have seen Puneesh Sharma and Luv Tyagi fighting during a task. But in an unseen video, both of them are seen bonding so well that they intend to stay in touch even after they exit from the show. They are seen making plans as to what they will do in Delhi after they leave the house!
Puneesh & Luv's Delhi Plans In the video, Luv Tyagi and Puneesh are seen discussing as to how they will meet even after Bigg Boss and party together. Hina, who is seen doing make-up, teases them. Luv Has A Gun Licence! Puneesh asks whether Luv has licence (of gun), and the latter answers in the affirmative. Hina doesn't understand first (as they do not take name of the gun) and asks Luv about which licence they are talking about. Hina Is Shocked! Later, Hina gets to know and is shocked. She asks as to why they are talking badly. But Puneesh says that it (having gun licence) is necessary as they stay in Delhi and anything can happen there! Hina Is Scared Of Luv & Puneesh! Hina tells them that they are scaring them and she is not going out with them in Delhi. Puneesh tells her that she will be safe with them. Luv tells them that he had fired his first shot at a friend's farmhouse in Delhi and he got nervous. Hina Asks If Luv's Father Doesn't Stop Him! Hina asks as to they (Luv's family) do not stop him. Luv tells her that his father had objected a few times, but he can't help! It's normal there! Then, she asks whether the police don't say anything! Puneesh Puneesh says that IG of Police is his neighbour and he has never objected! It is common in Delhi to fire guns on celebratory occasions.
Bigg Boss 11: Nomination Task! Arshi Khan Takes REVENGE! Here's This Week's Nominations!
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah (KSL/CNN) — It may have weighed only 2 1/2 pounds and stood about 6 inches tall, but the discovery of a half mammal, half reptile's skull in eastern Utah has huge implications for geologic timelines.
The skull of the new species, Cifelliodon wahkarmoosuch, came from a snout-bearing, catlike animal with buck teeth and molars for crushing plants.
Its discovery is evidence that the super-continental split of Pangea likely occurred more recently than scientists previously thought — 15 million years later — and that a group of reptile-like mammals experienced an unsuspected burst of evolution across several continents.
“Based on the unlikely discovery of this near-complete fossil cranium, we now recognize a new, cosmopolitan group of early mammal relatives,” said Adam Huttenlocker, lead author of the study and assistant professor of clinical integrative anatomical sciences at the Keck School of Medicine of the University of Southern California.
The study was published in the journal Nature on May 16 and updates the understanding of how mammals evolved and dispersed across major continents during the age of dinosaurs.
This creature, although it was covered in hair and suckled its young, laid eggs like the modern-day platypus.
“For a long time, we thought early mammals from the Cretaceous (145 million to 66 million years ago) were anatomically similar and not ecologically diverse,” Huttenlocker said. “This finding by our team and others reinforce that, even before the rise of modern mammals, ancient relatives of mammals were exploring specialty niches: insectivores, herbivores, carnivores, swimmers, gliders. Basically, they were occupying a variety of niches that we see them occupy today.”
Andrew R.C. Milner, a paleontologist at the St. George Dinosaur Discovery Site at Johnson Farm, discovered the skull site on Bureau of Land Management Lands northeast of Arches National Park. Later paleontologists unexpectedly found the skull in the lab under the foot of a new iguanodont dinosaur called Hippodraco.
The fossil discovery emphasizes that these type of animals and some other vertebrate groups existed globally during the Jurassic-Cretaceous transition, meaning the corridors for migration via Pangean landmasses remained intact into the Early Cretaceous.
Most of the Jurassic and Cretaceous fossils of these type of animals are from the Triassic and Jurassic of Europe, Greenland and Asia.
David Grossnickle and Julia Schultz, from the University of Chicago, contributed to the study, as well Jim Kirkland, state paleontologist with the Utah Geological Survey.
The specimen was found on Bureau of Land Management lands and is held in public trust at the Natural History Museum of Utah, where it is on display in the museum's Past Worlds Gallery.
The federal government provided $300 for the research. The remainder was supported by the state of Utah.
(The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.)
Vote For Minnesota's Best Hard Cider The air's getting crisp, every store has some form of pumpkin spice in stock, and fall is sweeping into Minnesota!
Guide To 2017 Labor Day Weekend Events In MinnesotaSporting and cultural events will mark the transition from summer to fall during the Labor Day weekend. Minnesota will feature some of the best entertainment productions. While baseball features prominently on many Labor Day weekend schedules, for other activities a weekend guide can be useful.
The U.S. economy lost 33,000 jobs last month — but people who are out of work may soon have an easier time finding new employment thanks to technological innovation.
Automation technology promises to alter dramatically how people apply for jobs and how recruiters scout potential candidates. From simpler application forms to the death of the cover letter, there are myriad ways in which technology will improve the job search. In fact, some 67% of people are worried rather that algorithms will evaluate and choose job candidates, a survey of more than 4,000 workers by the Pew Research Center found this week.
They're not wrong. Or paranoid.
Automation has already altered hiring methods. Employers today can use keyword searches on résumés and job applications. “Recruiting has changed a lot — 20 years ago, you would submit a résumé and the thickness of the paper was looked at to find a higher quality candidate,” said Brian Kropp, HR practice leader at CEB, a subsidiary of consulting company Gartner. “Now more progressive companies are trying to determine the characteristics from a LinkedIn profile or résumé.”
'We're in a paradigm shift from where a job seeker looks for jobs to where the job finds the job seeker.' Steve Goodman, CEO and co-founder of Restless Bandit
Restless Bandit was founded three years ago by the team that created the job search startup Bright.com, which LinkedIn bought in 2014. It sells “talent rediscovery” technology to employers. Its algorithms aim to search the content of résumés to find potential candidates.
The technology could dramatically speed up the recruiting process, since roughly 40% of the résumés an employer receives are from people already in its database, said Steve Goodman, Restless Bandit's CEO and co-founder. “I fundamentally believe that we're in a paradigm shift from where a job seeker looks for jobs to where the job finds the job seeker,” Goodman said.
Looking for a job online is not unlike looking for a date: People are turned off by too much eagerness. It's cheaper to hire someone who applied for a job rather than hiring a headhunter, Kropp said. But people may grow tired of recruiters. “We've grown wary of communication through social media,” said MaryJo Fitzgerald, community expert at job search website Glassdoor. So allowing people to apply en masse and using algorithms to sort applications seems like one obvious solution.
Cover letters could become as 'quaint' as business cards
The same technologies that can scan résumés can also scan cover letters. But as hiring databases amass more information about potential candidates readily available online, their usefulness could diminish. “The idea of a cover letter is going to feel as quaint as a business card is starting to feel now,” Kropp said. The downside: Nuances about a person's character and personality, and his or her extra-curricular experience may not always be detectable by a computer.
Don't miss: As Americans take on multiple jobs, these side hustles can pay $100,000 a year
Online applications will change, but only higher-ups may benefit
For the most in-demand, highly skilled jobs — such as artificial intelligence programmers — the design of online applications will be simpler. “Those people will have multiple job offers,” Kropp said. “Why would they spend a half-hour filling out an application, when they could go to another company that doesn't have an application?” In those cases, he added, “employers invest money and energy to flesh out the whole picture of the candidate.”
You already order food on your phone, soon you could be applying for a job that way
Mobile will be the big development in hiring technology in the next year, FitzGerald said. A 2014 Glassdoor survey found that nine in 10 job seekers use a mobile device while searching for a job. Less commonplace though is the ability to apply for a job on a smartphone or tablet. “They're already searching for jobs on their phone, so having the ability to make a smooth transition is important,” Fitzgerald said.
Job seekers could have to take more tests
More jobs will probably require formal assessments such as tests or sample presentations in the hiring process, experts told MarketWatch. “Research shows that the more difficult the candidate feels the recruitment process is, the more satisfied they will feel in their job in the long term,” Fitzgerald said. There's a fine line though: If you make hiring someone too difficult, the job seeker understandably won't be too happy.
Also see: Move over, millennials — members of Generation Z are ready to work
Automation has real implications for diversity
Experts agreed that “algorithmic bias” was a valid concern — automation technology can reproduce existing biases. At Microsoft MSFT, +0.04% for instance, only 25.8% of employees are women, according to data released last November. As of 2012, only 14% of engineers were women, according to the Congressional Joint Economic Committee — so algorithms looking for specific skills could very well identify more men for a computer engineering role than women, because there's a greater chance that candidate with those qualities would be a man.
Switching careers could get trickier
Even those who are creating this technology, including Goodman, admit it will have limitations. The reliance on these systems could make it harder for people to change careers, Goodman pointed out. “If you want to do a career change, you're going to have to fundamentally change the way you present yourself, which means you may have to get training or the entry-level job for the algorithms to pick it up,” he said. Algorithms don't often give applicants chances the way people do.
DETROIT — Shohei Ohtani was rolling along for five innings against the Tigers on Wednesday night. However, thanks to two rain delays, that's all the Angels got from their young star.
With Ohtani out of the game, Jose Iglesias' two-run single keyed a five-run sixth inning and the Tigers went on to a 6-1 victory.
Ohtani, starting for the first time since May 20th, allowed one run and three hits in five innings. He walked three and struck out five while throwing 83 pitches, including a 101-mph fastball on his final pitch.
“I was ready to go back out there (after the second delay), but the medical staff said it wasn't a good idea,” he said through a translator. “This is my first time experiencing something like this, so I had to listen.”
Ohtani gave up a run in the first inning on two walks and a two-out single, and settled down after that.
“It might have been the humidity — I was sweating, so I thought I was ready, but I guess not,” he said. “I saw 91 on the board, and I knew something was wrong. I haven't thrown a 91 (mph) fastball since high school.”
Detroit's Nicholas Castellanos went 2 for 3 with two doubles against Ohtani, but was still impressed.
“He's got a powerful arm and good stuff,” he said. “He was already throwing hard, but he hit 101 to Jeimar (Candelario) in a big spot in the fifth. Not a lot of guys can do that.”
Tigers starter Mike Fiers was also knocked out by the second rain delay in the top of the sixth, allowing one run and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings.
The Tigers quickly took the lead in the bottom of the sixth, loading the bases against Cam Bedrosian (1-1) on a single, a walk and a hit by pitch. Greyson Greiner struck out, but Iglesias lined a two-run single to center to put Detroit ahead 3-1. Dixon Machado grounded to short, but Andrelton Simmons' throw to the plate was too late to get JaCoby Jones.
Leonys Martin and Castellanos followed with RBI singles off Jim Johnson to push the lead to 6-1.
“This is a big win for us, because we've won two out of three against a really good team,” Castellanos said. “Now we can go for the series win tomorrow.”
Iglesias sustained a hip contusion while sliding home, and sat out the final three innings.
“I just banged — I don't think it will be serious,” he said.
Louis Coleman (2-0) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of relief.
Ohtani walked Martin and Victor Martinez in the first before allowing Niko Goodrum's two-out RBI single.
“I don't know if it was rust, I think he was just getting into a rhythm,” Angels manager Mike Scioscia said. “He's had some games this year like that, where he's getting a feel for his pitches early on.”
The Angels tied it in the third when Albert Pujols' two-out single drove in Mike Trout.
Ohtani, who was throwing 91-mph fastballs in the first inning, hit 98 on his final pitch of the third to retire Victor Martinez on a soft liner to shortstop.
“That's a very talented young man,” Tigers manager Ron Gardenhire said. “He was throwing 90, 91 and then he reached back for 98 when he needed it.”
The game was delayed for 23 minutes by rain at the end of the fourth inning, but both starters stayed in the game.
Ohtani walked Martin with two out in the fifth and allowed a double to Castellanos before getting Candelario to ground out on a 101-mph fastball.
The game was delayed again by rain in the top of the sixth, this time for 41 minutes. Coleman replaced Fiers to get the last strike of the sixth, and Bedrosian came in for Ohtani.
Goodness has long been an admirable part of our identity as Americans. It is evident at the national level in our response when natural disasters strike here or abroad. Closer to home, we see it manifested daily in our own Adirondacks and foothills, where people donate, volunteer, and reach out to help others. Our foundation as small-town folk is one of welcoming, caring, sharing.
Along with that comes the knowledge that we're also lucky to be Americans, lucky to not have been born in some other country where things are much different. Many of the lessons we learned in school were derived from the struggles of others in less fortunate circumstances.
We were taught to appreciate certain rights and freedoms, to speak out against perceived wrongs, to defend the less capable, and to question the directives of those in leadership positions. In some countries, those rights are viewed as privileges for the chosen few, or are not available at all.
We were taught that in such places, life could be oppressive and downright scary. How would we react as Americans if a fellow citizen were arrested for simply having said that the nation's leader was a fool? What if our neighbors were required to register with local officials wherever they resettled, just because of their name or who their ancestors were? What if the average, hard-working joe, after tossing back too many beers at the local bar, was jailed for making disparaging comments about our government? Or if the same thing happened to a highly respected professional in the local community? What would we do if a capable teacher was harassed as a traitor and virtually driven from her job, simply because of her supposed ancestral roots?
As freedom-loving Americans endowed with certain inalienable rights, we view such actions as poison to democracy, personally demeaning, and unthinkable in a free-minded society. Those are the types of things that happen elsewhere.
But brace yourself. Those exact things, and more, did happen here, repeatedly—not only in America, but right here in the North Country. They are lessons from the past, providing a glimpse of our possible future. Folks back then were sure it couldn't happen on their watch, but it did. And folks today are surely just as confident that it can't happen now.
Those incidents occurred a century ago, which seems distant and disconnected from modern times. But try this perspective: they occurred during World War I (and similar things happened in the post-war years), so the folks involved, both victims and perpetrators, were our grandparents and great-grandparents, people we knew, loved, and admired.
Briefly explained, here's how American law made such actions not only legal, but laudable as acts of patriotism. In April 1917, almost three years after World War I began, America joined the fight for the final 18 months. While soldiers headed for Europe, the path followed at home was partially defined by the Sedition Act of 1918 (an amendment to the Espionage Act of 1917). The new law forbade a range of actions and spoken statements that we generally assume are inalienable rights, a term that mainly applies to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
The new law, an extension of previous statutes, made it illegal while the country was at war to “utter, print, write or publish any disloyal, profane, scurrilous, or abusive language about the form of government of the United States, or the Constitution of the United States, or the military or naval forces of the United States, or the flag of the United States, or the uniform of the Army or Navy of the United States.” Punishment was “a fine of not more than $10,000 or imprisonment for not more than twenty years, or both.” Just for saying something negative about our president or government.
Freedom of speech, of the press, and other constitutional guarantees are abridged during special situations, like wartime. To maintain order among the citizenry under those conditions, leaders seek to enjoin everyone in a common cause—to rally 'round the flag. A powerful tool to that end is defining an enemy and focusing blame on them for all manner of grievances. So, in 1918, a deep distrust and outright hatred for all things German spread across America. People of German descent were required to register as “Enemy Aliens,” and their movement was restricted.
Citizens were, in fact, encouraged to join groups with such patriotic names as the American Defense Society and the American Protective League, the latter of which formed a branch in Essex County's Port Henry in July 1918 and described itself in this manner:
“The American Protective League is a countrywide organization engaged in patriotic activities along Secret Service lines, organized with the approval of, and operating under the direction of, the U.S. Department of Justice. One of the chief functions of the league is to investigate all cases of seditious or disloyal utterances, and to investigate all activities that apparently have a sinister significance.”
In laymen's terms — despite the high-minded, patriotic title — the APL was citizens spying on citizens and reporting them to the government. People arbitrarily decided whether or not other community members were patriotic enough—and if not, charges were brought. APL membership reached 250,000, with the government claiming that a branch existed in nearly every city and town nationwide. Abetted by a sense of self-importance, people dove right in and the attacks began. The collateral damage left behind was immense.
Using the term “utterances” was particularly worrisome. Even speaking one's opinion in a private conversation could — and frequently did — land someone in jail. Bail was set and hearings were held, followed by trial and punishment if a commissioner deemed it appropriate. It was a perfect example of governing by fear: point fingers, divide the populace, and just let it happen.
Aside from what occurred elsewhere in America at the time, consider a few of the many incidents that took place right here in the Adirondack region.
Because a citizen reported that Giles Schermerhorn of Keeseville said something negative about America, Giles was arrested, charged with violating the Espionage Act, humiliated by stories in several newspapers, forced to gather witnesses for his defense, and required to appear at several hearings. His case was eventually dismissed by a commissioner. Schermerhorn, it turns out, was a respected citizen; had recently chaired a patriotic meeting in support of the Second Liberty Loan program; was an active Grange member; was an American citizen; was a descendant of a Revolutionary War colonel; and was of Dutch, not Germanic, ancestry. But the damage was already done. He was an innocent victim of misguided patriotic fervor.
How about Webster Chandler of Ogdensburg? While riding on a train and discussing the war, he referred to President Wilson as “an educated fool.” An uninvolved stranger on the train, Henry Hughes of Lewis County, overheard the comment and had Chandler arrested for making seditious statements. He was dragged into court, forced to provide testimony in his own defense, reprimanded, and then released. The evidence was turned over to federal authorities, who ultimately did not pursue the case any further. But a dozen upstate newspapers had already damaged Chandler's reputation by carrying the story. The man who accused him, on the other hand, was praised in at least two papers with the headline, “Henry Hughes, A Lewis County Man, Stands Up for His President.”
Shortly after loggers George Saulters and William Deyo left the forests of Tupper Lake for some “rest and recreation,” they were the subject of newspaper articles titled “Woodsmen Held on Sedition Charge.” Living it up as lumberjacks are wont to do, they drank to excess at a hotel and reportedly made comments in support of Germany. This prompted a call to the local police, after which both men were jailed and sentenced to 20 days for public intoxication. In addition, they soon had a federal record: the arresting officer provided a report on their “illegal utterances” to the Justice Department for further investigation.
Long Lake dentist Dr. Carl Longnecker, well known there and in the Olmstedville area, was arrested by a deputy U.S. Marshal and jailed at Plattsburgh. The charge by a fellow citizen was that two weeks earlier, after imbibing a few too many beers at Raquette Lake, the doctor said he was German and had known the Kaiser as a child. Longnecker, required to defend himself in court, was eventually absolved of guilt after asserting he had been drinking too much at the time. This “dangerous threat” to America was 67 years old, a widely respected professional, and the son of a Civil War Union soldier. He and his parents were U.S. natives.
Ogdensburg schoolteacher Mildred Hollenbeck was accused by a fellow citizen of allowing “a pro-German verse to be circulated by students in her class.” Denying accusations of disloyalty as a supposed native of Germany, Hollenbeck cited her participation in Red Cross activities, her work with other war-relief organizations, and the fact that she was of Dutch descent, not German. Under pressure and humiliated by the accusations, she resigned and accepted a teaching position in Schenectady.
There were many incidents like those, and some even more startling. Citizens who didn't outwardly express hate for Germany and all things German were considered suspect. Editorials in several North Country newspapers openly encouraged such hatred, thus enshrining it with legitimacy. At the bare minimum, the results were deeply disturbing.
When a freshman at the Canton Theological School said, “No true Christian can have hate in his heart,” a full investigation was launched in search of subversives (pacifists) at the school, and the boy was called before the board of trustees to explain his “seditious statements.” When school professor Herbert Morrell said that a minister's sermon was wrong because it encouraged hatred for Germans, he was called before the same board to explain himself. How unsettling to see hatred as good and pacifism as evil.
At St. Lawrence University, a patriotic speech by graduating student Helen Hazen condemned the Germans and questioned the loyalty of those refusing to hate them as much as she did. Imagine uttering the words, “There are times when to hate is holy.” She justified it with, “A sound, normal, healthy loathing of evil is not wrong. It is necessary to overcome that evil. There can be no moderate patriotism today, no half-heartedness about this war. A man is either a patriot or a traitor.” Again, define an enemy and vilify him, even if he's your neighbor.
Jail time, false accusations, public humiliation, job loss, fines up to $1,000 for voicing personal opinions were all prices paid by innocent American citizens because unfounded suspicions driven by hatred for an outside enemy turned neighbor against neighbor. And it all happened right here in our beloved North Country, even though our grandparents and great-grandparents knew back then that it couldn't. We're probably just as certain it won't happen again today.
Looking back at our treatment of African-Americans, Catholics, Jews, Irish, Americans of Japanese descent during World War II, and others at different times in our history, they all have two things in common: none of them are moments we are proud of, and none had positive outcomes.
Considering our past and the current rhetoric akin to xenophobia, perhaps paying heed to the lessons of history would be a wise path to follow instead of simply trusting in our own goodness.
Photos: Cartoon from the New York Herald, Library of Congress (1918); Headline from the Adirondack Record (Ausable Forks, 1918)
Las Vegas Metro police said a missing 19-year-old who may be in severe emotional distress and in need of medical attention has returned home safely Tuesday.
Police said Keeandre King was last seen Monday at noon near the 4600 block of West Bonanza Road, near Decatur Boulevard.
Police described King as an African-American standing 5'10" tall, weighing 140 pounds, with black hair and brown eyes.
Anyone with information on his whereabouts is urged to contact Metro at 702-828-3111, the Missing Persons Detail during business hours at 702-828-2907, or by email at missingpersons@lvmpd.com.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
"At its most effective the flu shot would prevent you from getting the flu, but really when you look at studies, the purpose of the vaccine is to reduce the number of severe flu illnesses that require going to the hospital," says Chang. "In other words if you get the flu vaccine, the real goal is even if you do get the flu that you are not as sick as you would be if you had not gotten the vaccine."
Basically, if your immune system is primed to deal with the virus, should it still attack you, you likely won't develop a severe flu infection.
Another purpose of the flu vaccine: not everyone can get it, so it's important that people who can receive it do so that "we build herd immunity," says Dr. Tewari.
"A lot of patients who have immunological diseases, or an organ transplant, have cancer or other conditions may not be strong enough to get a flu vaccine," Tewari adds. "But if those around them are vaccinated, we develop a herd immunity, so that hopefully the few people who can't get the vaccine will not get infected."
The vast majority of people over the age of six months are A-OK to get a flu shot. Both Dr. Chang and Dr. Tewari insist that there are very few exceptions. Even if you have an egg allergy (remember flu vaccines are often cultivated in eggs) your doctor can recommend an alternate type of vaccine if needed.
What If I'm Pregnant?
Just last week there was a study published suggesting that the flu vaccine could be associated with early-term miscarriage in some pregnant women. But this finding is far from conclusive, and doctors still advise pregnant women to get the flu shot.
"Let's be clear: this study does not suggest the flu vaccine can cause an increased risk of miscarriage," says Dr. Sherry Ross an OB/GYN at Providence Saint John's Health Center. "The flu is more likely to cause serious illness in pregnancy compared to those women who are not pregnant [because] in pregnancy there are changes in the immune system, heart and lung function that make pregnant women more prone to severe illness from the flu which can lead to hospitalization or even death. Other problems as a result of the flu include dehydration, miscarriage and preterm labor."
Furthermore, a flu shot helps protect newborns from getting the flu.
"Babies can't get the flu vaccine until thy are six months, so by getting the vaccine herself, the mom will make the antibodies and pass it onto the baby, protecting them from severe flu for the first months of their lives," says Dr. Chang.
Still, it is totally understandable to be concerned, so if you are pregnant and have questions, talk to your OB/GYN. And if you're a parent who is unsure if your six month old is really ready for the flu vaccine, pay a visit to your pediatrician.
"If anything it's a good excuse for a well baby visit," adds Chang, who admits that as a pediatrician he holds some bias when recommending that parents take their little ones to the pediatrician for their flu shots, but says he doesn't see any problem with having them administered at your local pharmacy.
Children, like elderly people, are indeed more susceptible to developing severe flu. This is in part because they're ultra exposed in schools and daycare facilities (and you know, they may not have the best hand hygiene), but also because their immune systems haven't been toughened up.
"Children have had less experience with flu, whereas adults have more antibody from previous infections," says Dr. James D. Cherry, a distinguished research professor at the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA and UCLA Mattel Children's Hospital.
Flu Shots Are Critical If You're In A Disaster Affected Area
While doctors recommend that virtually everybody gets their flu shot, Dr. Tewari, based in Houston, Texas makes the timely point that if you are in a disaster-affected area, it's particularly critical.
"Hurricane Harvey and the other natural disasters affecting many have brought dirty water, and viruses are not visible like mold so we don't even know what's in the air," says Tewari. "People have been displaced, are living in shelters, wearing borrowed clothes and eating donated food. You just don't know what you're being exposed to. Plus, when you're stressed your immunity gets lowered."
Leading Latin American Provider of Performance Marketing Solutions for Advertisers and Agencies Selects CAKE to Track and Manage Multi-Channel Campaigns
NEWPORT BEACH, CA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Accelerize ( OTCQB : ACLZ) ( OTCBB : ACLZ) and its digital marketing software division, CAKE, today announced that Weach, a leading Latin American provider of multi-channel performance solutions for advertisers and agencies, has selected CAKE's SaaS platform to track, attribute and optimize campaigns for its clients. Weach chose CAKE because of the solution's ability to track multiple types of affiliate campaigns -- ranging from email marketing and lead generation, to ecommerce and display -- at a very detailed level.
"CAKE's powerful platform can handle the tracking requirements of all types of campaigns," said Marlon Nogueira, CEO and Founder of Weach. "This attention to detail helps us optimize results for our advertiser and agency clients, as well as the affiliate publishers we work with."
Weach offers a one-stop solution for advertisers interested in running performance and lead generation campaigns using email, as well as display, native, retargeting, programmatic and other types of advertising strategies. The provider operates its own advertising network and also works with publishers and third-party Demand-side Platforms (DSPs) to deliver high-volume, top-quality leads and traffic for its clients. Weach is the main lead generation provider in Brazil, and the only one in Latin America able to deliver multiple performance solutions in a single platform.
"With CAKE, our staff can create, manage and track campaigns from a single browser tab," added Nogueira. "We look forward to tapping into the platform's many features for optimizing campaigns and supporting strategies for cross-selling and upselling that will make our publisher's inventory more profitable and drive return on ad spend for our advertisers."
According to eMarketer, Brazil's total media ad spending is projected to increase to nearly $30 billion by 2019.
"The Latin American digital ad market is still maturing and there's potential for immense growth," said Santi Pierini, CAKE President and Chief Operating Officer of Accelerize. "Companies like Weach understand that insight into campaign performance is a competitive asset that will help them take advantage of the opportunities presented by an increasingly fragmented digital advertising landscape. We are excited to partner with Weach as they continue to expand in this dynamic market."
About CAKE by Accelerize
CAKE, a division of Accelerize Inc., provides a cloud-based solution to track, attribute and optimize the performance of digital marketing return on investment, in real-time. Bringing clarity to multi-channel marketing campaigns, we empower advertisers, agencies, publishers and networks from more than 40 countries worldwide with the insight to make intelligent marketing decisions. CAKE by Accelerize is headquartered in Newport Beach, Calif. with operations in London and New Delhi. For more information, visit www.getCAKE.com.
About Accelerize
Accelerize Inc. ( OTCQB : ACLZ) ( OTCBB : ACLZ) offers marketing technology solutions that revolutionize the way advertisers leverage their digital advertising data. For more information, visit www.accelerize.com.
Use of Forward-looking Statements
This press release may contain forward-looking statements from Accelerize Inc. within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and federal securities laws. For example, when Accelerize describes the increase in Brazil's total media ad spending, the potential growth of digital ad spending in Latin America, and uses other statements containing the words "believes," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," "will" and similar expressions, Accelerize is using forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of the management of Accelerize only, and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements: changes in technology and market requirements; our technology may not be validated as we progress further; we may be unable to retain or attract key employees whose knowledge is essential to the development of our products and services; unforeseen market and technological difficulties may develop with our products and services; inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies, products and applications; or, loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition, which could cause the actual results or performance of Accelerize to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Except as otherwise required by law, Accelerize undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. For a more detailed description of the risk and uncertainties affecting Accelerize, reference is made to Accelerize's reports filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
Disclaimer
UNCUT Magazine does not store any files. Everything posted on this site is for promotional use only. Files downloaded should be kept for no longer then 24 hours and then deleted. Please support the artists and buy their music. All music and videos are copyrights to the original owners.
Amala Paul, the young actress is all set to concentrate on her acting career after her divorce with director AL Vijay. She has some highly promising projects in her kitty, including Dhanush's VIP 2 and Thiruttu Payale 2.
In a recent interview given to a popular Tamil magazine, Amala Paul reportedly stated that she is ready for a remarriage. Even though she has no plans to tie the knot anytime soon, Amala hinted that she is ready to move on.
The actress, who had opened up about her divorce in another interview, had stated that she still loves Vijay, to the much shock of her fans. She had also remarked that letting go is the best way to express the love.
Here is a glance at Amala and Vijay's journey through marriage and divorce...
The Love Story Amala Paul fell in love with director AL Vijay, during the shooting of his acclaimed project Deiva Thirumagal, in which she played a key role.
The Wedding Even though both Amala and Vijay's parents were initially against the marriage, the couple finally succeeded in convincing them. They got engaged in a Christian ceremony, and later the tied the knot in a traditional Hindu wedding ceremony.
Supportive Husband AL Vijay has always been a supportive husband and encouraged his wife to follow her dreams. He was even spotted at the audio launch and promotional events of Amala's films, including Lailaa O Lailaa.
Trouble In The Paradise If the reports are to be believed, the couple started falling apart after Amala Paul allotted a 2-years-long call sheet for Dhanush's Vada Chennai without informing Vijay about it.
Allegations Of Vijay's Family AL Vijay's father, renowned AL Alagappan went on to thrash Amala Paul openly, stating that the actress doesn't pay heed to husband Vijay or the elders of the family. Vijay's family also had issues with Amala's lifestyle.
Even though Amala Paul doesn't regret her decision to marry AL Vijay, the actress feels that she exchanged wedding vows at a wrong age. Amala strongly believes that the marriage and separation made her a stronger person.
But, AL Vijay, on the other hand, had raised several allegations against Amala Paul, including trust issues. The director had stated that there is no point in continuing any relationship if there is not trust and honesty in it.
Share
Nvidia has laid claim to building the “fastest single computer humanity has ever created,” by linking up 16 of its Volta-generation Tesla V100 graphics cards in a fashion that lets them operate as a singular unit. The Nvidia NVSwitch interconnect technology that facilitates it gives the sum of the whole two petaflops of computing power.
Unsurprisingly considering the new focus Nvidia has on artificial intelligence and data processing in recent years, this new HGX-2 GPU server is designed to aid those industries. With a half-terabyte of high-bandwidth memory (HBM) it is said to be capable of replacing as many as 300 CPU-driven servers on its own, offering a much more powerful and compact computing solution for data-driven tasks.
This is made possible through the combination of the 16 Tesla V100 graphics chips, which Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang claimed can “talk to every one of the GPUs simultaneously at a bandwidth of 300 GB/s, 10 times PCI Express, so everyone can talk to each other all at the same time,” per TechRadar.
But this GPU-driven powerhouse is just the beginning. Although incredibly capable in its own right, it could simply act as the basis for even more powerful arrays of graphics card processing systems.
“With the HGX-2 server building block, we'll be able to quickly develop new systems that can meet the growing needs of our customers who demand the highest performance at scale,” Lenovo's vice president and general manager Paul Ju said.
This news was announced at Nvidia's own GPU Technology Conference in Taiwan and comes just a week ahead of the larger Computex show which will no doubt bring more news of Nvidia hardware developments. However, as exciting as it is, it will not be of much use to Nvidia fans who are clamoring to learn more about its next-generation graphics cards. We still don't know if they will be Turing, or Volta based, or be called 1100 or 2000-series cards. What seems likely though, is that they will be very powerful.
Considering it's been two years since Nvidia released its last-generation graphics cards and prices have been rather crazy since then, we would certainly hope so.
A San Diego judge will decide if a Navy Petty Officer will go to trial for being behind the wheel of a truck that flew off the Coronado Bay Bridge in October 2016, plowing into a crowd below in Chicano Park. Four people were killed in the horrific crash; the suspect is accused of driving under the influence.
Will Driver in Deadly Chicano Park Crash Go to Trial?
Victims and witnesses at Chicano Park described how a fun afternoon turned into an afternoon or terror when an accused DUI driver and U.S. Navy sailor flew off the bridge and crashed into a crowded park below.
"We didn't hear anything, we didn't see anything," said Julie Delatorre, one of the hundreds who attended the La Raza Ride motorcycle festival being held at Chicano Park that day.
On Oct. 15, 2016, Richard Anthony Sepolio, 25, was behind the wheel of his truck when his vehicle plunged 60 feet off the Coronado Bridge transition ramp, landing on a large crowd below in Chicano Park.
Four people were killed in the fiery, chaotic crash: Cruz Elias Contreras, 52; AnnaMarie Contreras, 50; Andre Christopher Banks, 49; Francine Denise Jimenez, 46.
Request to Release Chicano Park Driver to U.S. Navy Denied
A judge denied the request of the U.S. Navy sailor that drove off the Coronado bridge, in a crash that killed four people, to be released to the care of the U.S. Navy. NBC 7's Liberty Zabala reports. (Published Wednesday, Nov. 2, 2016)
Delatorre spoke at Sepolio's preliminary hearing, where a judge is set to decide if the case will move to trial.
She was taking a photo with friends moments before the car flew off the bridge. She walked out of a tent, into the park; she took a few steps before the car came flying down.
"It felt like I was being sucked by a big vacuum cleaner and being pulled backward," she testified. "And I just told myself to hold on, it would be over."
Carlos Ulloa, a Barrio Logan resident, said he first noticed something may be wrong when he heard a lot of screeching and dragging on the bridge above. He thought a car may have crashed on the bridge.
"I heard screeching, tired, metal, crushing, lots of dragging, for a really long time," he testified.
When the car came flying over the bridge, he heard a big "whoosh", he said.
Sailor's BAC at Time of Crash Estimated at .08 or .09: DA
Richard Sepolio's was arraigned from the hospital on Wednesday. NBC 7's Vanessa Herrera has more on the emerging details of the crash. (Published Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016)
"When this thing flew, it was like out of a movie," he recalled.
Delatorre said she never saw the car coming -- she only felt the impact. She may have lost consciousness, she said. When she woke up, she was stuck between the truck's bumper and tailgate.
"Al I remember is waiting for everything to turn black, thinking I was going to die. And I felt paralyzed in it, I was telling myself to hold on, it would be over," she recalled. "Then I opened my eyes and I was caught between the bumper and the tailgate and I was already saying, 'help.'"
Photos Shooting at GOP Congressional Baseball Practice
The gentleman lifted part of the car up and she got up, apparently uninjured, Deltorre recalled. She took a few steps and either collapsed or someone caught her. She next remembers sitting in a chair.
Miraculously, at Sharp Coronado, she learned she had minor injuries. Nurses pulled shards of glass out of her from the impact, and she was released the same day.
Flora Gonzalez, a witness, heard screeching, "a lot of screeching," prior to the crash.
Driver Behind Chicano Park Crash Described as "Good Kid"
NBC 7's Mari Payton heard from Richard Sepolio's former high school principal and football coach at Hamilton High School in Hamilton, Texas. (Published Monday, Oct. 17, 2016)
"I was whirled around, like a wind tunnel, that I was in a wind tunnel," she said. "No control."
The force of the truck's landing threw her a distance. The suffered whiplash injuries to her shoulder, neck and whole right side of her body.
Though Delatorre does not have lasting physical injuries, she said in testimony, the mental impact of the crash remains, months later.
"Things are not the same. Everything's changed," Delatorre said through tears as she testified. "I have times where things are okay, and then I remember something. . .It's hard. It's just really hard."
Sepolio, an active duty service member stationed in Coronado, has been jailed since October 2016. In early November 2016, a San Diego judge rejected a request from Sepolio's attorney to release the suspect into the care of the U.S. military, ordering him to stay in jail. That day, the judge set Sepolio's bail at $2 million.
Sepolio was seriously hurt in the crash, suffering injuries to his back, ribs and hands.
'Unity': Vigil Held for Chicano Park Victims
Saturday afternoon a pickup truck landed on a crowd at Chicano Park, killing four people and injuring several others in the suspected DUI crash. NBC 7's Matt Rascon was at the vigil for the victims. (Published Sunday, Oct. 16, 2016)
Prosecutors said his injuries prevented officials from performing an accurate breathalyzer test and that blood drawn later provided a more accurate measurement. An hour after the initial tests, a blood sample was drawn and Sepolio's BAC was measured at .08. Prosecutors have also said Sepolio was distracted behind the wheel, sending a text message on his cellphone.
Sepolio's defense, San Diego attorney Paul Pfingst, known for his work on high-profile cases, has argued that his client was not drunk and was not texting.
"The breath tests that were taken shortly after the accident show that his blood alcohol level was below the legal limit,” Pfingst said in court last year.
The defense attorney also said Sepolio took his cellphone out after he crashed to call for help but he was not texting prior to that.
Sepolio pleaded not guilty to multiple charges related to the fatal crash, including four counts of gross vehicular manslaughter while intoxicated and counts of driving under the influence causing injury or death.
Pfingst said that prior to this, Sepolio had no criminal record and had been proudly serving his country. The attorney has argued that Sepolio was "forced off the bridge by another vehicle," which ultimately led to the tragic crash.
DUI Suspect's Truck Flies Off Coronado Bay Bridge, Kills 4
The pickup truck landed on a crowd at Chicano Park, killing at least 4 people and injuring several others in the suspected DUI crash. NBC 7's Ashley Matthews reports. (Published Saturday, Oct. 15, 2016)
However, in prior court proceedings, the San Diego County District Attorney's Office maintained there is no evidence the defendant was forced off the bridge.
If convicted on all counts, Sepolio could face a maximum sentence of 23 years and eight months in prison.
Veteran Motherwell FC defender Stephen McManus today announced his retirement from playing football at the age of 34.
McManus, who has made 135 appearances for Motherwell since 2013, hadn't played a competitive first team match since February after sustaining a groin injury in a 2-0 defeat to Celtic at Parkhead.
The robust centre half, who played in Scotland's famous 1-0 win against France in Paris almost exactly 10 years ago, said on Monday: “I've decided to call it a day in my career, I'm retiring today.
“It's something that's been in the back of my mind since the summer.
“I've had a tough time with injury in the last three or four months of the season.
“I spoke to a couple of people in the game that I've got a lot of respect for in the game that have been in a similar position at that point of their career.
“I just felt it was the right time. I'll move onto the coaching staff at Motherwell which is a fantastic opportunity.
“I've been one of the lucky ones that's worked hard at the game as a young kid and my career has turned out to be pretty decent.
“I've had some wonderful times, a lot of lows in my career as well but I really appreciate the highs.”
McManus won 26 Scotland caps in a largely distinguished career which also took in playing spells at Celtic, Middlesbrough and a loan spell at Bristol City before joining 'Well.
Las Vegas Metro police said the driver that struck and killed a bicyclist who was riding alongside his family in East Las Vegas ran a stop sign before the fatal crash on April 28.
Danesmin Solis-Cortes, 40, was reportedly driving westbound on Indios Avenue in a silver Dodge Intrepid when he ran a stop sign at the intersection of Mountain Vista Street. The victim, Jason Eckert, 44, was riding northbound on Mountain Vista Street along with his wife and 8-year-old son when he was struck, police said.
Solis-Cortes lost control of the vehicle and crashed into a block wall. Eckert suffered life-threatening injuries as a result of the crash and was transported to Sunrise Hospital where he later died, police later confirmed.
Police said Solis-Cortes was also transported to Sunrise Hospital to be treated for minor facial injuries. According to a police report, Solis-Cortes smelled like alcohol and admitted to police that he had drank four Corona beers earlier in the day.
An assigned Metro officer attempted to perform a visual impairment test but could not continue because Solis-Cortes continued to doze off. A search warrant was obtained by the officer to administer a blood alcohol sample. The report said the results of the sample is still pending.
Solis-Cortes was booked on one count of DUI above the legal limit resulting in substantial bodily harm, although police said the charges will likely be upgraded.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Getty
The spotlight is shining back on Robert Wagner in the death of his wife, Hollywood legend Natalie Wood, now that an investigator has labeled Wagner a “person of interest.”
What is Robert Wagner's net worth? His star wattage arguably wasn't quite at the level of Wood's, as she is one of Hollywood's most enduring icons. However, Wagner, who is now age 87, starred in a series of movies and television shows throughout the years that brought him wealth and fame.
Natalie Wood: Death in Dark Water, which features rare interviews with investigators, will air on Saturday, February 3 at 10 p.m. ET/PT on CBS. The program contains rare interviews with investigators as it explores what happened to Natalie Wood when she drowned in 1981 after a night on a yacht with Wagner and actor Christopher Walken.
Here's what you need to know:
1. Robert Wagner's Wealth Is in the Millions of Dollars
The Richest and other sites peg Robert Wagner's net worth as being around $15 million, money that derives from his television shows and movie appearances. However, it's possible that Robert Wagner's net worth could be even higher.
In 2007, Wagner and his long-time partner Jill St. John sold a six-bedroom Brentwood, California “ranchette” for $15 million, according to Daily Variety. The house was 4,556 square feet, with 6 bedrooms and 5 bathrooms and came with a guest house that itself was 2,448 square feet, with 2 bedrooms, and 2 bathrooms.
Over the years, Wagner has helped support three daughters with his fortune: Courtney Wagner, his daughter with Natalie Wood; Natasha Gregson Wagner, Natalie's daughter with Richard Gregson; and Katy Wagner, the daughter of Wagner and another woman he married in between his two marriages to Natalie (Natalie Wood and Robert Wagner married, divorced, and then remarried in what was a famously tempestous relationship.)
2. Wagner Starred in the TV Show ‘Hart to Hart' & Austin Powers
According to The Richest, “Best recognized as Number Two in Austin Powers trilogy of films, Robert Wagner is a stage, screen, and TV actor with a total net worth of $15 million.” However, some might dispute the Austin Powers' contention to argue that Robert Wagner is best known for his role alongside Stefanie Powers in the television show, Hart to Hart.
Wagner's career as an actor started in the 1950s. Some of his first movies include Beneath the 12-Mile Reef, Prince Valiant, A Kiss Before Dying, and Between Heaven and Hell. His star rose in the 1960s when he starred in To Catch a Thief, and Switch. He began starring in the 1970s in the television show Hart to Hart. He has guest starred in top television shows in more recent years, ranging from Seinfeld and Boston Legal.
3. Wagner's Wife, Jill St. John, Has Her Own Wealth
Wagner's long-time romantic partner, Jill St. John, whom he married in 1990, is a millionaire in her own right, although it's not clear how or whether her finances are entangled with those of Robert Wagner. Jill St. John's net worth is usually given as being around $10 million. She starred as a Bond Girl.
Her movie career dates to the 1950s and such films as The Lost World, The Roman Spring of Mrs. Stone, Tony Rome, Foreign Exchange, The Concrete Jungle, and The Player. “She is most widely recognized for her Golden Globe nominated performance in Come Blow Your Horn, and as Bond Girl, Tiffany Case, in Diamonds Are Forever,” reports Celebrity Net Worth.
4. Wagner Wrote an Autobiography in Which He Discussed Natalie's Death
Some of Robert Wagner's net worth derives from the autobiography that he wrote. In the book, he discussed Natalie's death, writing, “The last time I saw my wife she was fixing her hair in the bathroom while I was arguing with Chris. I saw her shut the door.” That's an account now disputed by the ship's captain, Dennis Davern.
The memoir was published in 2016. “When Natalie died I thought my life was over. My children helped me heal. I got on my feet but it was a very, very difficult and sad time,” Wagner also wrote.
5. The Couple Was on a Yacht Named ‘Splendour' the Night That Natalie Drowned
Wood's death was initially declared an accident. Then, the case was reopened and her cause of death was changed to “drowning and other undetermined factors.” Her death has now been labeled suspicious and an investigator declared that Wagner is a “person of interest.”
Natalie, Wagner, and Walken, along with captain Dennis Davern, had taken to the water in a yacht the couple owned called, “Splendour.” Natalie's body was found floating in the water not far from the yacht when she vanished at night, and it's never been determined exactly how she ended up in it, although some allege she tried to take a dinghy to shore after a night of drinking and arguing with Robert Wagner.
Davern, whose account of what happened that night has shifted over the years, now says that Wagner was the last to see Wood alive. “Dennis knows there was a huge fight on the back of the deck. He heard it. He turned on the music to try to drown out the sound of the fight just to protect them. He loved both of them,” author Marti Rulli, who wrote a book on Davern's account, told First Coast News on February 2. “Then, when everything went quiet, he went down to the deck immediately and Robert Wagner was right by the swim step and nervous and shaking and said ‘Natalie's missing. Go look for her.' And Dennis did that.”
America's Best Christkindl MarketsGet a preview of five of America's best Christkindl Markets from around the country.
Best Winter Getaways In EuropeA definitive list of the best places in Europe to travel to this winter.
Best Offbeat Holiday Destinations In AmericaA quick look at five of the most magical and most rewarding destinations to visit during the holidays
Uber Reveals Year-Old Cover-Up Of Hack Affecting 57 MillionUber is coming clean about its cover-up of a year-old hacking attack that stole personal information about more than 57 million of the beleaguered ride-hailing service's customers and drivers.
Witnesses at a baseball field in Alexandria, Virginia say a gunman opened fire on members of Congress and their staffers, hitting several people including at least one congressman.
The shooting happened as Republican members of Congress were getting ready for the annual Congressional Baseball Game, which was scheduled for Thursday in Washington.
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-LA) was among those shot on Wednesday morning. He was reportedly shot in the hip and is expected to recover.
"Scalise hit. Other staffers hit," Fox News reporter Chad Pergram tweeted on Wednesday just before 8 a.m. Eastern.
At least five people were taken to hospitals from the incident, according to Alexandria Police Chief Michael Brown.
The shooter is in police custody, according to CNN. He was taken to a hospital after the shooting.
After the incident was reported, Rep. Mo Brooks (R-AL), who was there when the shooting happened, told CNN "there must have been 50 to 100 shots fired."
Brooks also said the shooter shot two officers working protective detail for the Congress members at the event.
He told CNN the shooter looked like a "white male ... middle aged ... a little on the chubby side."
Sen. Jeff Flake (R-AZ) told the Associated Press that the gunman had "a rifle of some sort ... a lot of ammo."
Alabama talk radio host Matt Murphy tweeted that he spoke with Brooks as well, saying the congressman said "five or more" people were hit.
Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) told MSNBC he saw shots hitting the ground near where people had dropped for cover on the baseball diamond. Paul told the network that Capitol Police officers saved many lives.
At about 8:30 a.m., President Donald Trump released a statement on the shooting, saying he and Vice President Mike Pence "are deeply saddened by this tragedy."
"Our thoughts and prayers are with the members of Congress, their staffs, Capitol Police, first responders, and all others affected," Trump said.
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 14, 2017
Rep. Glenn Grothman (R-WI) told Wisconsin's WTMJ that he believed the shooting "could have been much worse" if Scalise had not been there, due to the security detail that protects him. Grothman said security would not typically follow a member of Congress to an event like this but because of Scalise's position as House majority whip, he had a detail with him.
The incident happened at a baseball field in Alexandria, Virginia.
The Congressional Baseball Game has been a tradition since 1909, being played between members of the U.S. House and Senate. Proceeds from the game benefit several charities.
Democrats were scheduled to practice later on Wednesday but that was canceled after the shooting.
Clint Davis covers entertainment and trending news topics for the Scripps National Desk. Follow him on Twitter @MrClintDavis.
He may have gotten left behind by the team bus again, but until Monday, it seemed like Lane Kiffin was finally going to leave a job with a graceful exit.
But then came this from move that leaves questions about just how fond the farewell will be (though he said it was his decision):
Nick Saban says the decision to part ways with Lane Kiffin was “mutual." More on ESPN now. pic.twitter.com/3CUxS6W7f7 — ESPN CollegeFootball (@ESPNCFB) January 2, 2017
Which means that, Kiffin, who came to Alabama and redeemed his career has now added one more awkward exit to a long history of awkward exits.
Like the infamous time he got fired on the tarmac
From USC's own announcement:
Lane Kiffin has been relieved of his duties as USC's head football coach, Trojan athletic director Pat Haden announced early today (Sept. 29). Haden informed Kiffin of his termination upon the team charter's arrival back in Los Angeles early Sunday morning following USC's 62-41 loss at Arizona State.
Instantly became the most hated person on the Tennessee campus when he accepted a job at USC
When Kiffin left for USC after 14 months at Tennessee in 2010, students weren't … thrilled.
More from ESPN:
Knoxville fire officials and university police were on campus after Kiffin's announcement as students burned mattresses and gathered around the athletic department building in hopes of blocking Kiffin from leaving campus. It was not clear if Kiffin was still on campus at the time. “I think the students have had kind of a violent reaction to that, and a lot of them are disheartened, upset and feel betrayed that less than a year in that he would be leaving and taking off,” Knoxville Fire Department spokesman D.J. Corcoran said. “The Rock,” a giant boulder on campus where students often paint “Happy Birthday” messages, had obscenities directed toward Kiffin. Students tried to enter the room where Kiffin read his statement, holding a sign that read “Go home traitor. It's time,” mimicking a campaign the university used to promote Kiffin when he was hired. But the students were turned back before Kiffin talked.
Or received a 3-page letter in the mail from Al Davis
The Raiders owner then called Kiffin a “liar” in a bizarre press conference.
From the LA Times:
The most surreal moment Tuesday came when Davis read from a three-page letter he said he sent to Kiffin on Sept. 12 by overnight mail. Just as it might be in a courtroom, the letter was projected on a screen behind Davis as he read. “I realized when I hired you that you were young and inexperienced and that there would be a learning process for you,” he read. “Your mistakes on player personnel and coaches were overlooked, based on our patience with you. But I never dreamt that you would be untruthful . . . in statements in the press and as well as so many other issues. “Your actions are those of a coach looking to make excuses for not winning, rather than a coach focused on winning.”
You can read the entire letter here.
Read more over at USA TODAY Sports.
Project presentations Riverfront Park Fort Wayne Phase 1, Allen County: $5,276,000 Eagles Theatre Project, Wabash County: $996,567 Wabash Trails, Wabash County: $960,236 Russel and Evelyn Fahl Aquatics Facility, Whitley County: $861,304 Strawberry Valley Cultural Trail, LaGrange County: $254,000 Fishing Line Trail, Noble County: $175,000 Kendallville Outdoor Recreation Center, Noble County: $400,000
The Northeast Indiana Regional Development Authority on Tuesday approved nearly $7 million in funding for redevelopment of The Landing and $1 million to renovate Quimby Village's Clyde Theatre.
“We are developing national brand identity for northeast Indiana. We know it will take creative and groundbreaking projects across the region to meet our goal of increasing regional population to 1 million residents. Fort Wayne's vibrant downtown serves as the urban core of our region and today's funding illustrates the critical role all of our regional counties play in the Road to One Million plans and our mission to attract and retain talent,” RDA Board Chairman Bob Marshall said in a statement Tuesday.
At a total cost of about $35.7 million, plans for The Landing call for a mixture of retail stores, restaurants and entertainment venues, along with office space and more than 70 residential units. The Landing requested $6,904,023 from the RDA, which amounts to 20 percent of the total project cost. The Fort Wayne City Council in January approved a $2.5 million Legacy Fund loan to support the project.
Construction at The Landing is scheduled to start in June and be ready for occupants by September 2018.
Located near Bluffton Road and Broadway, southwest of downtown, the Clyde Theatre will cost a total of $5.03 million. Rick Kinney, owner of Even Keel Event Productions, which is renovating the vacant building, is also in the process of trying to secure a loan from the Legacy Fund.
The Clyde Theatre closed in 1994 and has been vacant since, despite repeated attempts to renovate and repurpose the historic building. Supporters of the renovation believe remodeling and reopening the venue will breathe some new life into the Quimby Village shopping center
Both projects will now go to the Indiana Economic Development Corp.for review and final approval.
The Regional Development Authority will also soon consider a funding request for Phase 1A of Fort Wayne's downtown riverfront development project.
Delivering a presentation Tuesday, Fort Wayne Parks Director Al Moll requested $5.276 million in Regional Cities Initiative funding to help pay for a planned public park and riverfront promenade along the St. Marys River. The park and promenade, which will be on the river's south bank near Superior and Harrison streets, will be accompanied by a Tree Canopy Trail and trailhead with restrooms, on the north bank.
Northeast Indiana was one of three regions to be awarded $42 million through the state's Regional Cities Initiative in 2015. Projects funded are meant to be transformative, with the goal of attracting talent and population to Indiana. In addition to northeast Indiana, the Evansville area and South Bend region were also awarded funding.
Progress on Phase 1A has been moving forward in recent months. Final designs for the project were approved Dec. 9 by the park board, which is overseeing the project. City Council approved a $10 million Legacy Fund request for Phase 1A on Dec. 13. On Feb. 8, a settlement was reached between the park board, Red Bird Properties and Cambray and Associates over eminent domain proceedings for property in the selected area. As part of that settlement, Red Bird Properties will receive $1.3 million, and Cambray and Associates will receive $850,000 for their respective properties.
The RDA could vote to approve or deny the city's riverfront request at its March 14 meeting.
The RDA also voted Tuesday to temporarily suspend review of new projects moving forward, citing a lack of funds.
“The Regional Cities funding that has been requested exceeds the amount we have available to disperse,” said Michael Galbraith, director of the Road to One Million at the Northeast Indiana Regional Partnership. “Until we resolve that, we will have to temporarily suspend the review of new projects.”
dgong@jg.net
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
The wait is finally over as Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli are officially a couple as the duo tied the knot in Italy and kept the entire ceremony hush hush.
Also, their wedding boasted of high security and not everyone were allowed inside the plush countryside due to massively security beef up
If there's one thing we know about Taylor Swift, it's that she's got an ear for a good song. On Monday night, the New Yorker took to Instagram not to...
Parents of students are asking how a 12-year-old girl got access to a deadly weapon and how it made it on the school campus. Kim Baldonado reports for NBC4 news on Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018. (Published Friday, Feb 2, 2018)
Parents of students are asking how a 12-year-old girl got access to a deadly weapon and how it made it on the school campus. Kim Baldonado reports for... See More
Here are the winners of our last week 100k giveaway (see post here): Name on LIB DSI Username 1. Taiwo Akinyemi taiwoti 2. Emeka Izwogu E10nzy 3. Uche Igbokwe uche3434 4. Olujide Olujide 5. Odibe Blessing odibeblessing 6. Kelly Agbogidi Kelliedavid 7. Uloma
Facebook's head of information security, Alex Stamos, is reportedly leaving the company over disagreements about how the company has responded to Russian activity on its platform.
Facebook's head of information security is leaving over disagreements about how the company polices the spread of disinformation on its platform, the New York Times first reported Monday. Alex Stamos joined Facebook as chief information security officer in June 2015 and has been a staunch proponent of uncovering and disclosing how Russia used the social network to influence the US presidential election. But in doing so, he has clashed with other top executives, including COO Sheryl Sandberg, the Times reported, citing current and former employees who asked not to be identified.
In a tweet, Stamos dismissed reports of his departure as "rumors," and said he he is "still fully engaged" with his work at Facebook despite his role changing.
"It's true that my role did change," he wrote shortly after the Times story broke. "I'm currently spending more time exploring emerging security risks and working on election security."
Facebook also refused to confirm whether their chief security officer would be leaving the company in the next few months, stating that Stamos continues to lead the network in that regard. "He has held this position for nearly three years and leads our security efforts especially around emerging security risks," a spokesperson said in a statement. "He is a valued member of the team and we are grateful for all he does each and every day.” If he does leave, Stamos will be the first high-level employee to departure from Facebook since the platform's misinformation crisis came into public view. The Times report also follows Facebook's announcement last week that it had suspended Cambridge Analytica over evidence that it used data from 50 million user profiles to craft messages on the social network designed at influencing elections.
Cambridge Analytica rose to prominence for its work on Donald Trump's presidential campaign, and has been accused of having exercised shadowy influence over British voters. In now-deleted tweets sent this weekend, Stamos pushed back against calling the Cambridge Analytica data grab a "breach," explaining that the company had since updated its interface "to remove the ability to see this kind of friend data," a move he said was "controversial with app developers at the time."
Here are @alexstamos now deleted tweets on the app Cambridge Analytica used to harvest millions of Facebook users' data. https://t.co/jPwRHUyW1w
Advertisement
Before joining Facebook, Stamos led information security at Yahoo, a role he took over shortly after more than one billion user accounts were hacked in 2013. Stamos similarly clashed with top Yahoo executives over the need for tighter user privacy, according to a 2016 New York Times report. According to that account, Stamos' push to strengthen privacy controls did not bode well with then-Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer, who reportedly rejected enacting security measures like automatically resetting all user passwords and withheld financial resources from Stamos' security team. Stamos resigned after about a year on the job, after he discovered Yahoo builds a secret “custom software program to search all of its customers' incoming emails for specific information," Reuters reported. He then moved on to Facebook. This is a developing story. Check back for updates and follow BuzzFeed News on Twitter.
3 Simple Ways We Give Up A Ton Of Very Personal Information To Facebook And Random Apps None
Brianna Sacks is a reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in Los Angeles. Contact Brianna Sacks at brianna.sacks@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
Nelson ended his show early at the USANA Amphitheatre in suburban West Valley City on Sunday night.
He later apologized in a statement posted to his Twitter and Facebook accounts. The 84-year-old country music legend explained: “The altitude got to me. I am feeling better now and headed for lower ground.”
This is Willie I am sorry to have to cut the SLC show short tonight The altitude got to me I am feeling better now & headed for lower ground — Willie Nelson (@WillieNelson) August 14, 2017
Nelson's publicist didn't immediately respond to a request for further comment Monday.
Nelson was forced to cancel several concerts earlier this year because of what his publicist said was a bad cold.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Bob Dylan may have just won the Nobel Prize, but Prince will forever remain Minnesota's foremost musical superstar.
This Friday marks one year since Prince was found dead at Paisley Park. Several music venues are hosting events throughout the week to celebrate his life.
First Avenue is hosting dance parties Friday and Saturday night at 9 p.m. Outside the venue, 7th Street will be shut down for a dance party Saturday from 5 to 10 p.m. To see other events planned to celebrate Prince throughout the week, click here.
In honor of the music that formed the sonic core of the famed “Minneapolis sound,” here are our picks for the 10 best Prince songs ever, with a self-imposed one-per-album limit. In chronological order:
“Sexuality” (Controversy, 1981)
Prince earned minor success at the very beginning of his career with solid, disco-era R&B (“I Wanna Be Your Lover” was a top 10 hit), but critics started paying attention when he scrubbed away the polish with Dirty Mind. As much punk as they were R&B, Dirty Mind‘s rough demos rewrote the playbook he perfected with Controversy. “Sexuality” is the album's speed-freaky high point, fast, furious and funktastic.
.
“1999” (1999, 1982)
With the title track of 1999, Prince managed to make a decisive move toward the mainstream without sacrificing any of the harder edges that made him a critics' darling. And he assured himself relevance 17 years later. Oh, and it was one of the foremost hit singles that assured the world that dance music, post-disco, wouldn't be dying anytime soon, thank you.
.
“The Beautiful Ones” (Purple Rain, 1984)
“Baby, baby, bay … bee!” If you put a gun microphone to my head and asked me to name Prince's single best vocal performance … well, let's just say you wouldn't even have to put a gun microphone to my head. “The Beautiful Ones” always wins, each and every time. In 5 galvanizing minutes, Prince glides from playful tremulousness to soul-cleansing shrieks with a pit stop everywhere in between. The lyrics are knowingly picturesque (as in “paint a perfect picture”), but Prince's vocals are startling and direct.
.
“Erotic City” (B-side of “Let's Go Crazy” single, 1984)
A minor cheat as this is also from the landmark Purple Rain set, but given the song itself may (or may not) have broken a few FCC rules when radio stations started spinning it, despite the copious presence of a certain four-letter word, I'm willing to break my one-per-album rule too. The B-side to “Let's Go Crazy,” Prince's down ‘n' dirty funk jam is plenty suggestive lyrically, but even more obscene sonically.
.
“I Feel For You” (Chaka Khan, I Feel For You, 1984)
Of course, this 1979 song achieved its full fame thanks to R&B belter Chaka Khan's characteristically guttural take on it five years later — complete with Stevie Wonder harmonica solo and a deathless opening rap from Grandmaster Melle Mel (“Chaka Khan, let me rock you, let me rock you Chaka Khan!”). Khan's version may very well be the greatest pop single of the '80s, but I also reserve a special fondness for Prince's original, slower disco version (available on his self-titled LP), no more so than when he turns it in concert into his own little girl group tribute.
.
“Pop Life” (Around the World in a Day, 1985)
Prince wisely chose to follow up his massive 1984 by focusing on the psychedelic minutiae of his sound, not the meat and potatoes stadium rock. “Raspberry Beret” was the major hit that assured the world, but it was the minor hit that I hold dear. Those varispeed piano riffs, the swirling strings, the snarky two-liners (“What's that underneath your hair? Is there anybody living there?). “Pop Life” is a rarity in Prince's catalogue: a totally underrated hit single.
.
“4 the Tears in Your Eyes” (We Are The World, 1985)
The King of Kings has long been a supporting character in Prince's discography. His relationship with Jesus Christ is, obviously, complex and multi-faceted, but that's what makes it so compelling. The one early case where Prince doesn't seem conflicted at all is this song, his contribution to the USA for Africa LP We Are The World. Far from wrestling with his hedonistic impulses, Prince presents a simple parable: “The meek shall inherit the earth.” Prince can make you believe anything.
.
“If I Was Your Girlfriend” (Sign O' the Times, 1987)
Sexuality and gender roles are as much Prince's bread and butter as murder mysteries were Alfred Hitchcock's. Most of the time, it's pretty clear where Prince's first-person and second-person pronouns fall, but for “If I Was Your Girlfriend.” Undoubtedly one of the very strangest in his string of unique pop singles, Prince adopts his “Camille” alternate persona to sing to a potential romantic conquest of all the fun things he could do with her if only he was her girlfriend. Or is he singing as a woman to a man about wishing she could make him happy? Or is it a man pretending to be a woman singing to a woman about wanting the total intimacy that can only come from same-sex pairings? All of the above, as far as I'm concerned. The sexual confusion of “Girlfriend” is endlessly worth unpacking for subtext.
.
“Nothing Compares 2 U” (Sinead O'Connor, I Do Not Want What I Haven't Got, 1990)
Prince has written many female vocalists' most indelible songs. Not just Chaka Khan, but Sheila E. (“The Glamorous Life”), Vanity (“Nasty Girl”), Apollonia (“Sex Shooter”), and The Bangles (“Manic Monday”). But no other singer ever managed to take a Prince song and so fully make it her own as did Sinead O'Connor with “Nothing Compares 2 U.” Originally written for side project The Family, the song was all but ignored until O'Connor tore through the opening salvo (“It's been seven hours and 15 days since you took your love away”) against producer Nellee Hooper's spare piano-and-drum backdrop. The result is unforgettable.
.
“I Hate U” (The Gold Experience, 1984)
If “Girlfriend” testified to the myriad joys the difference of the sexes can feed into intimacy, “I Hate U” is the tormented flipside. The delivery is definitely cruder, but so is the message: “It's so sad that I hate you, 'cause you're all that's ever on my mind.” And if the lyrics don't sell you on Prince's irritation, the howling guitar solo that closes the song will remove any doubt. (Sadly, this track is unavailable to stream.)
Monifieth was today described as “the forgotten burgh” of Angus.
The claim followed a meeting of the town's community council where Kirsty Hunter, chief executive of ANGUSalive, was on hand to discuss a lack of local leisure activities.
The community council invited Ms Hunter to the meeting to discuss the issue after the ANGUSalive What's On guide showed that no activities are organised in Monifieth between April and September.
However, John Thornton, the community council's secretary, said Monifieth had been “ignored” since it became part of Angus in 1996.
Mr Thornton, 65, a retired police officer, added: “There was quite a lot of anger at the meeting.
“The claim was that there was a poor uptake of previous activities for younger people in the past. But ANGUSalive has admitted previous activities were not advertised well, so parents made other arrangements.
“This sort of excuses just won't wash.
“It was even suggested that people should use a sports centre in Douglas or Carnoustie. That's just nonsense.
“I think because of how close we are to Dundee, we are forgotten about.
“Then you see Montrose getting a new swimming pool or Brechin getting a new community campus, but Monifieth still has no sports centre.”
Mr Thornton said a group called the Monfieth Community Resource Group was “in the throes” of taking over Invertay House in a community asset transfer from Angus Council with a view to using it for leisure activities.
He said if successful, he hoped the council and ANGUSalive would become involved in funding and running activities there.
Stewart Ellis, also a member of the community council, said the town was “ignored”.
Stewart, 67, who works for the DWP, said: “We were told when Montrose got a new swimming pool that Monifieth had never asked for one — which is nonsense.
“We fought tooth and nail for one. It's like Monifieth isn't even on the map.”
Angus councillor Bill Duff, who is on the ANGUSalive board, said: “ANGUSalive only took over the council's assets 17 months ago so it is still very early days. I think the geography is important.
“Monfieth is so close to Dundee, that if someone from Monifieth wants to go to the cinema for example, they have a three-mile journey, whereas a person from Montrose has to go 35 miles.
“However, Angus Council does have a duty to ensure that with future budgets whatever size of cake we have is cut as evenly as possible and fairly amongst all our council tax payers.”
The stock market meltup is over.
At least, that's the prognosis of one prominent Wall Street strategist who believes the torrid January rally that gave way to a correction may have been the market's short-term apex. The S&P 500 jumped 7.5% between the end of 2017 and Jan. 26, when it notched the last in a string of record closes at 2,872.87.
“We think January was the top for sentiment, if not prices, for the year. With volatility moving higher we think it will be difficult for institutional clients to gross up to or beyond the January peaks,” said Michael Wilson, chief U.S. equity strategist at Morgan Stanley Institutional Securities, in his weekly note on Monday. “Retail sentiment indicators also look to have peaked in January and we do not see anything on the horizon to get retail investors more bullish than they were following a tax cut.”
As a result, the much-anticipated meltup in stocks that numerous strategists had been forecasting since last year won't likely happen in 2018, he said.
A meltup is an unexpected rise in asset prices as investors surge into the market on fear of missing out.
“When we look at our internal data combined with industry flows and sentiment, we think there is a strong case that January was the melt-up, or at least the culmination of it,” Wilson added.
One key point in Wilson's thesis is that gross leverage by Morgan Stanley's hedge fund clients hit an all-time high in January. Gross leverage, according to the strategist, is a good measure of investor willingness to assume risk.
Morgan Stanley
The record was also set right before the early February “volatility shock” forced investors to scale back their exposure to risk and Wilson does not expect gross leverage to return to January levels any time in the near future.
Morgan Stanley
Wilson's downbeat comments come as the stock market struggles to move out of correction territory as investors deal with a combination of trade-war jitters and inflation worries even as the economy continues to expand at a steady clip.
Going forward, Wilson expects U.S. stock returns to be mostly driven by increase in earnings estimates.
“If we just roll forward the current bottom-up estimates, the forward earnings per share would be $166 and $170 by June 30 and September 30, respectively. That is approximately 3% and 5% higher than today's $161. Not exciting, but not very bad either,” he said.
“However, those numbers might need to come down if we start to see some evidence of lower margins since consensus forecasts assume no operating margin degradation. That is another reason why we think the S&P 500 makes its highs for the year this summer. It's also a wild card that has big idiosyncratic risk at the stock level in our view.”
Wilson has predicted the S&P 500 SPX, -1.42% to close out the year at 2,750. The large cap index closed at 2,712.92 Monday, falling in tandem with the Dow Jones Industrial DJIA, -1.35% and the Nasdaq COMP, -1.84% on the back of a selloff in technology shares sparked by a slump in Facebook Inc. FB, -6.77%
37-year-old Ifeanyi Ajaero was arrested by police in Ogun State for chaining his wife, Obiageli, 28, to a Generator set from night till daybreak. The incident happened at Ewooluwo Shagamu in Shagamu Local Government Area of the state.The suspect, who is a member of the disbanded merchant Navy used hand-cuff to chain his wife who had become weak as a result of severe beating. According to
1:36 'The King,' (Elvis impersonator Will Kettler) is in the house for Valentine's Day weddings Pause
2:35 Saburo Masada visits site of his internment for first time since 1942
0:33 Fresno police arrest two after string of armed robberies
1:39 Most babies should be exposed to peanuts earlier, according to new guidelines
1:20 6 things to know about Calexit – the plan for California to secede from the U.S.
0:51 Fans line up waiting for Twenty One Pilots
0:57 Protesters target Mayor Brand's refusal to designate Fresno a sanctuary city
2:08 Fowler girls chase Central Section's lone unbeaten regular season
2:06 She watched her husband die in icy Fresno apartment: 'He couldn't fight the cold'
Lawyers Edwin Lacierda and Abigail Valte denied on Wednesday accusations that they are behind the “Silent No More” blog that tagged seven senators as “Malacañang Dogs in Senate.”
Lacierda and Valte were former spokesperson and deputy spokesperson of former President Benigno Aquino III, respectively.
The two former Malacañang officials categorically denied that they “own, write for or contribute to” the said blog.
ADVERTISEMENT
It can be recalled that the “Silent No More” posted a blog bashing seven senators for not signing a resolution against the spate of killings in the country.
READ: Senators cry foul over blog posts branding them as ‘Palace dogs'
Lacierda said a certain Mark Lopez has tagged him as affiliated with the blog. He later called on Lopez to explain everything before the senators why his name and the names of other personalities including Valte, were involved in the contents of the controversial blog.
But Lopez said he did not directly accuse Lacierda and Valte, noting that he was just asking if they were involved with the blog's content. Lopez also claimed the report he received was not verified.
“I did not categorically accuse those persons that they were the ones behind (the blog). I was just asking too. It is not verified,” Lopez said during the Senate committee on public information and mass media hearing on fake news.
Valte, on the other hand, challenged Lopez to “produce unequivocal evidence” to prove his claims when he mentioned several names as behind the blog.
“You're entitled to your own opinion but you cannot be entitled to your own facts,” said Valte.
Lacierda and Valte also denied hiring Edward “Cocoy” Dayao, the blogger who was tagged as the administrator of the “Silent No More” blog. Dayao was identified by another blogger Rey Joseph Nieto of “Thinking Pinoy” blog as behind the “Silent No More” blog.
ADVERTISEMENT
The seven senators who were criticized by the article in “Silent No More” blog are Senate President Aquilino Pimentel III, Senate Majority Leader Vicente Sotto III, and Senators Manny Pacquiao, Cynthia Villar, Richard Gordon, Juan Miguel Zubiri and Gregorio Honasan II.
Most of the senators mentioned in the blog vented their ire during the Senate hearing for getting bashed on social media because of Senate Resolution 516, which they claimed they would have signed had it reached them. /jpv
RELATED STORY
Lacierda hits blogger's ‘malicious' claims on Roxas hiring ‘influencer'
MIAMISBURG, Ohio (WDTN) — A woman was hospitalized after a two-vehicle crash in Miamisburg.
Police say a woman in a car ran a stop sign on Jamaica Road at the intersection of Upper Miamisburg Road just after 5:30 a.m. Monday. A pickup truck hit the woman's car.
The woman was taken to the hospital. Police did not release her condition.
The driver of the pickup truck wasn't hurt.
The intersection was initially shut down due to the crash. Authorities were able to remove the vehicles and move into the southbound lane of Jamaica Road, reopening the intersection by 6:30 a.m.
Police say they often see crashes at the intersection of Jamaica and Upper Miamisburg Roads. Officers urge people to use caution when driving in that area.
The crash remains under investigation.
Grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. Stay up to date with all the local news, weather and sports as well as live newscasts and events as they happen.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for all the latest news, weather and sports.
The proposed border wall has the potential to leave some US citizens on the ‘Mexico Side'
The last time U.S. officials built a barrier along the border with Mexico, they left an opening at the small road leading south to Pamela Taylor's home on the banks of the Rio Grande.
Taylor hadn't been told where the fence would be built, and she doesn't know now whether officials are coming back to complete it.
“How would we get out?” asked Taylor, 88, sitting in the living room of the home she built with her husband half a century ago. “Do they realize that they're penalizing people that live along this river on the American side?”
Taylor's experience illustrates some of the effects that the border wall President Donald Trump has imagined could have on residents in the Rio Grande Valley, the sunny expanse of bilingual towns and farmland that form the southernmost point of the U.S.-Mexico border. The wall could seal some Americans on the “Mexican side” — technically on U.S. soil, but outside of a barrier built north of the river separating the two countries. Landowners could lose property, and those that already lost some for the existing fence are already preparing for a new battle.
Even if they don't win, lawyers hope to tie up the wall in court long enough that politics could effectively stop it, either in Congress or after another election.
“That's a fight that we've been ready to fight,” said Efren Olivares, a lawyer with the Texas Civil Rights Project.
The U.S. government will select finalists to build pieces of wall in San Diego, then choose a company to complete the rest. Ron Vitiello, chief of the U.S. Border Patrol, told The Associated Press on Wednesday that a new barrier will eventually be built in the Rio Grande Valley, where sections of rust-colored poles 18 feet (5.5 meters) high already run through neighborhoods in Brownsville and nearby towns. Vitiello told an audience in San Antonio that the government plans to complete a wall or fence in towns that have long been under consideration.
“There will likely be (barriers) there if all of the plans come together, but I can't tell you where,” he said.
Trump said he would build the wall to stop migrants entering illegally and what he described as a flow of drugs and crime. The Border Patrol makes more apprehensions along the more than 300 miles (483 kilometers) of border in the Rio Grande Valley than anywhere else.
In and around Brownsville, people have lived next to the river for generations, and residents of both sides cross bridges to work or shop daily. Taylor and others who live closest to the river routinely see border crossers walking up to their homes.
Many people living in the valley say the fence doesn't work, and there's widespread opposition there to a bigger wall. While the region is one of the Texas Democratic Party's few strongholds in a deeply conservative state, many people here resent outsiders and politicians of both parties for using the border as a talking point. The 2006 law authorizing a fence passed with support from many Democrats, including then-Sen. Hillary Clinton, who lost to Trump in November.
When the U.S. government built the fence, it had to take hundreds of landowners to court to use its power of eminent domain. That's because unlike in other southern border states, most Texas border land is privately owned, and tough terrain and water use agreements with Mexico meant some fence was built a mile or more north of the river.
With court fights also expected over Trump's wall, the Texas Civil Rights Project has begun signing up landowners and identifying people who might be affected.
Under the U.S. Constitution, the government must prove it wants to seize land for public use and must offer a landowner “just compensation.” While challenging the wall's “public use” would be difficult, those who believe they're not getting the full value of their land could take the case to court, setting up trials that could take years.
Antonio Reyes said he's seen people scale the border fence that bisects his backyard and jump down in seconds. Sometimes they carry bales of what appear to be drugs.
A higher wall is “still not going to stop them,” he said. “They'll shotput it or whatever they have to do.”
In Roma, a town of 10,000 people, a visitor standing on the bluffs overlooking the Rio Grande can see traffic moving across a tiny bridge and hear chickens clucking on the Mexican side. The Border Patrol occasionally uses blimps to monitor traffic, with agents stationed nearby.
Juan Moreno, a 64-year-old retiree, recalls surveyors measuring his neighborhood several years ago for a fence, although it was never built in Roma.
He credits Border Patrol agents for monitoring the border and providing much-needed business for stores in Roma. But he chuckled when asked about the wall.
“I don't know if I'm going to be in the U.S. or Mexico,” he said. “It's up to Trump.”
In San Benito, Eloisa Tamez spent seven years trying to stop the government from running the fence through her property, which had been in her family since the 1700s. The government eventually won, but only after agreeing to pay about $56,000, many times what it initially offered.
She uses a gate to access the part of her property that's on the other side of the fence.
Now, she's preparing for the possibility of another court battle.
“I probably have one more decade to live, and I had one decade of torture,” said Tamez, 82. “I think if they start that business again, I don't know how much fight I'll have left in me, but I'm going to fight it until the end.”
___
Associated Press writer Alicia A. Caldwell contributed to this report.
Hosting season is almost upon us! And sure, the kids are back at school, but your house is still reflective of the three months spent surviving the summer heat…I mean, enjoying quality family time together.
Maybe there are crayon drawings on the wall, stains on the carpet, rips in the window treatments. We're not here to judge, just to help.
It's no secret home improvement projects can be timely and inconvenient, but when you utilize local experts, your time can be freed and you can confidently shop, plan, and organize the holidays away—and reap the benefits once your home is filled with loved ones and ready to take on the task of serving as center stage!
Add a Splash
A simple backsplash swap or addition can breathe new life into your kitchen or bathroom, and is a fairly small project considering the impact. Not only does the addition bring aesthetics, it boasts protection from water damage, stains, and spills.
Local family business, Lodi Quality Tile & Granite, has nearly 20 years of experience, and skill set for projects of all sizes, detail, and difficulty.
Tile remains the most popular backsplash option, but natural stone is quickly catching up to number one. Emerging trends welcome all types of material—ranging from shiny metal to rustic wood (think an antique wood mosaic in your kitchen…. Drool!)
Don't feel like you have to play it “safe” when choosing your material—as a backsplash that contrasts with counter tops allows both surfaces to pop, adding a unique element. Plus, the space covered is typically small, so bold colors and patterns that may seem overwhelming will instead add tons of character and serve as a statement piece.
Yeah, the in-laws may never want to leave, but you also have bliss attainable at home and at your fingertips.
Today's hot tub technology offers perks like customizable massage, outstanding craftsmanship, and even energy efficient tubs. The Spa Doctor Inc., a local Hot Tub and Swim Spa retailer, works to make your dream a reality with financing options and even refurbished spa sales that come with a warranty.
Invest in New Furniture
If you don't know where to start with your worn down “first home” furniture—consider calling in an expert. Interior designers can help you get the most bang for your buck, and tie all of your investments together. Kathleen Jennison of KTJ Design Co boasts years of experience, and cutting-edge creativity. Help her help you!
Now that the kids and dog are older, you can ditch the dented, scratched, and possibly chewed dining room table and chairs for something a bit more elegant. Your Thanksgiving table setting will thank you, and your dining room will take on a whole new feel. Daniger Furniture in Lodi is stocked full of handcrafted furniture made right here in the USA. Choose from solid wood or laminate tables, and a wide variety of chair designs sure to accentuate your style.
Keep the in-laws comfy with an adjustable Sleep-Ezz bed from Thornton House Furniture in Lodi. These bad boys come with a lifetime warranty, offer customizable sleep options, and even a massager—all at a fraction of competitors' costs.
Amp up your entertainment space with help from Homestyles Furniture and their vast inventory of Living Area upgrades. Even small purchases like decorative pillows can bring a drab room, or couch, to life. Or, make old new with expert restoration upholstery work from Alverson's Fabric & Furniture.
Make Your Home Energy Efficient
No one enjoys high cooling or heating bills, and yet we so often neglect to take the steps necessary to reduce heat and cooling loss in the household. Before you spend another summer suffering the heat, or chilling the winter away, check out our tried and true tricks for minimizing energy loss in your home and enjoy your air system to its fullest!
Begin with the entry points of your household. Do the bottoms of your doors have a weather strip? If they do, assess their current condition. They shouldn't be allowing any outside air in, or vice versa. If they don't, or if they are allowing free airflow, it's time to install a new one. On a similar note, check the crannies and cracks around your windowpanes. If you feel airflow, find a sealant at your local hardware store that works according to the size of the gap.
If your home is filled with single-pane windows, form a budget plan that will allow you to replace these windows with dual-pane in the future. This simple switch, although a little costly in the short term, will pay itself off over the years by preventing summer heat from creeping in, or warm air from escaping during winter. How does this work?
The ducts floating from room to room are your number one concern when it comes to air circulation in the household. Contact local professionals, like Lovotti Air or Air Tech Heating and Air Conditioning, to perform full diagnostics on your system to ensure maximum air circulation around the household, locate leaks and joint displacement, and bring larger savings to your wallet!
Holidays mean more people at home, probably leaving lights on in empty rooms. Solar Purchase Power Agreements (PPAs) and solar leasing make it easier than ever to cash in and sustain savings.
BTA Solar takes it further—handling all the necessary California Energy Commission rebate application paperwork, utility interconnection applications, and local jurisdiction permits.
Vivint Solar, another local company, offers different plans that allow for little to no upfront cost, lease options, and utilization of tax credits and incentives.
Now that your house has been re-tuned to its naturally welcoming vibes, take a moment to settle into one of those newly furnished accent chairs, plush cushion and all, and take in the picturesque sight before you. Feels good, doesn't it? And don't worry, the holidays -and the bundles of families that come along with them- are still a few, excruciating weeks away.
Canadian four-time Olympic speed skating medallist Denny Morrison talks about overcoming a motorcycle crash and a stroke to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang.
WATCH MORE: 'It's gold or bust' for USA women's ice hockey team
Watch live coverage of the Winter Olympics across BBC TV, website, app and Red Button services.
LONDON (AP) — Chelsea finally signed a back-up for Marcos Alonso at left wing back by bringing in Emerson Palmieri from Roma on the next-to-last day of the January transfer window.
Palmieri, a former Brazil Under-17 international who has since switched his international allegiance to Italy, has been restricted to just two appearances in all competitions this season following a serious knee injury.
"English football is something I have been watching since I was 15 years old," he said Tuesday. "It is a really beautiful game over here, but it is going to be even more beautiful to play it."
Alonso has been Chelsea's only senior left wing back this season after manager Antonio Conte missed out on signing any cover last summer.
Everton striker Sandro Ramirez will join Sevilla on loan for the rest of the season subject to a medical, while Leicester forward Ahmed Musa joined former club CSKA Moscow on loan for the rest of the season.
Watford signed Belgium Under-21 winger Dodi Lukebakio on a 4 1/2-year deal and allowed Mauro Zarate to join Velez Sarsfield on loan until the end of the season.
A French woman who travelled three times to Syria in support of her jihadist son was sentenced to 10 years in prison on Friday for being part of a terrorist conspiracy.
Christine Riviere, 51, was sentenced for her "unfailing commitment" to jihad and for helping a number of young women travel to Syria to marry jihadists including her son, Tyler Vilus.
Maximum sentence
It was the maximum sentence possible and included a stipulation that Riviere, a Muslim convert nicknamed "Mama Jihad" in the French press, will be ineligible for parole for seven years.
Vilus, 27, travelled to Syria to fight alongside the Islamic State group in 2012 or 2013.
Riviere, who visited her son three times in 2013 and 2014, denied fighting with the Islamic State group, though she posted pictures on Facebook of decapitations and of herself holding a Kalashnikov.
"I didn't want to push him to die a martyr, but that could happen," she said of her son. "Then he would be in heaven, near Allah."
Friday's verdict came barely a week after the conviction and sentencing of another French mother of a jihadist.
Nathalie Haddadi, 43, whose son fought and is thought to have died in Syria, was given a two-year jail sentence for financing terrorism because she wired funds to him.
Haddadi's lawyer Herve Denis said she would appeal the verdict, to avoid it becoming a precedent for the 2,000 French parents whose children had travelled to Syria to wage jihad.
Riviere's 30-year-old son Leroy, in tearful testimony, said he did not think his mother had "killed innocents".
"She left for her son, for love, not to fight," he said.
He described Riviere as a loving mother who dreamed of going on a world cruise with her sons, who were named after characters in the television series "Fame".
A psychiatrist who served as an expert witness at the trial said Riviere had lost her critical and moral judgement and had fantasies about sharing her son's extremism.
'She is completely lost'
Her lawyer Thomas Klotz described a woman who had lost her bearings but had only a rudimentary knowledge of Islam. "She is completely lost, we are in the heart of darkness," he said.
The prosecutor called Riviere a "jihad madam" because she supplied brides to IS soldiers.
Riviere said she converted to Islam in 2012 at her son's behest but would have been drawn to the religion anyway, saying it had "calmed" her.
Riviere, the daughter of funfair workers, was arrested in July 2014 as she was preparing a fourth visit.
Vilus was arrested a year later in Turkey, from where he was extradited to France, where an investigation is pending.
FREETOWN, Sierra Leone (AP) — Mudslides and torrential flooding killed at least 250 people in and around Sierra Leone's capital early Monday following heavy rains, with many victims trapped in homes buried under tons of mud.
Survivors and volunteers dug through the mud and debris at times with their bare hands in a desperate search for missing relatives, and military personnel were deployed to help with the rescue operation in the West African nation.
Initial Red Cross estimates said as many as 3,000 people have been left homeless by the disaster, and the figure is expected to rise. Communications and electricity also have been affected.
The mortuary at Connaught Hospital was overwhelmed by the number of dead, and bodies had to be spread out on the floor, said coroner's technician Sinneh Kamara.
At least 250 bodies had been brought to the facility already, and that toll did not include the untold numbers buried alive in their homes as they slept. More bodies also were expected to be found as floodwaters receded.
In an interview with the Sierra Leone National Broadcasting Corp., Kamara urged the health department to deploy more ambulances to bolster the four belonging to the hospital.
The broadcaster interrupted regular programming to show scenes of people trying to retrieve the bodies of relatives, and some were shown carrying the dead to the morgue in rice sacks.
The president's office released a statement encouraging people to relocate to safer parts of Freetown and sign up at registration centers. The office made no mention of the death toll.
“The government is fully seized of the situation and in collaboration with our development partners, is undertaking a coordinated response to provide emergency services to our affected compatriots,” it said.
One particularly hard-hit area was the suburb of Regent, located east of Freetown.
“The mudslide swept down from the hills on the outskirts of Freetown early this morning and spared nothing in its path,” said Sasha Ekanayake, the Sierra Leone director for the charity Save the Children. “Houses are buried and entire families are missing, including children.”
Homes were destroyed by the flooding, while others were inundated by the floods, leaving many without shelter, Ekanayake said, adding that some children have been separated from their families.
“In places, entire communities seem to have been washed away and whatever is left is covered in mud,” said Abdul Nasir, program coordinator for the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies.
He said Red Cross volunteers have been digging with their bare hands and whatever tools available to search for survivors.
“They are also caring for and helping family members who are desperately waiting for news of their loved ones,” Nasir said.
Many of the impoverished areas of Sierra Leone's capital are close to sea level and have poor drainage systems, exacerbating flooding during the rainy season.
Freetown also is plagued by unregulated building of large residential houses in hilltop areas.
Deforestation for firewood and charcoal is one of the leading factors of worsening flooding and mudslides. Freetown's drainage channels also are often clogged because of garbage dumping due to insufficient sanitation services in many areas.
Hotel starved us during $37K bat mitzvah: suit A Manhattan couple says a hotel left about 150 bat mitzvah guests so hungry that the adults resorted to raiding the kids' ice cream, according to a lawsuit. Mom and...
Urologist blew company funds on ski lessons, bat mitzvah: suit A Manhattan urologist pissed away $2 million in funds from the trade journal he co-founded with a partner and blew it on personal expenses including $24,000 for his daughter's bat...
Ards manager Colin Nixon believes Thursday's Spectator and Chronicle Cup clash will provide the perfect preparation for the new season.
Premiership club Ards will play their local rivals Bangor at the Bangor Fuels Arena, with kick-off at 7.30pm.
It's the first clash between the two sides in two years.
Nixon said: “The North Down derby has a great tradition and it's important that we keep those traditions alive.
“It's a bit more interesting than your average pre-season friendly so the players are really looking forward to it.”
Over the course of the summer, Nixon has signed goalkeeper Jason Mooney from Cliftonville, left-back Craig McClean from Crusaders, central midfielder Kym Nelson from Glentoran, winger Eamon McAllister from Carrick Rangers, forward Sean Noble from Ballinamallard Utd and striker Mark Kelly from Ballyclare Comrades. Defender Mark Kerr joins on a six-month loan from the Crues.
Nixon said: “The new guys have all fitted in really well. I'm expecting big things from them, that's why I brought them to the club in the first place.
“The derby game is a good test for the new boys, as Bangor are a good side who were very unfortunate not to be promoted last season.”
Bangor manager Hugh Sinclair's is hopeful the game will be good preparation for the new season, with the Seasiders determined to win the Ballymena & Provincial League and regain their place in NIFL.
However, Bangor will have a fight on their hands. West Belfast club St. James' Swifts have signed former Irish League players Stephen O'Neill, Brendan Glackin, Aaron Smyth and Mark Clarke.
Sinclair said: “We knew St. James' Swifts would sign a few good players. I see they've just signed Stevie O'Neill who played for Ards and Bangor, which is a quality signing.
“But you have to think about Glebe Rangers too. Last season, we threw everything at them and they still won the league. They deserve a lot of respect for that.
“It's a difficult league with a few sides who are at least Premier Intermediate League standard.
“However, I don't feel like we anything to fear. Come the first day of the season, we will be well prepared.”
Thursday's game will kick off at 7.30pm. Entry is priced at £5 for adults and £3 for concessions.
COLUMBIA, Mo. - Columbia Water and Light crews will be installing a new water main along Stewart Road Tuesday morning, causing three blocks of Stewart Road to be closed, according to a press release.
The release said work will start at 5 a.m. Tuesday and the road should be back open after 5 a.m. Wednesday.
During the closure, a new six-inch water main will be installed for sections of Westmount Avenue, Thilly Avenue and W. Lathrop Road. As a result, Stewart Road will be closed from Garth to Edgewood avenues.
Crews said the project will upgrade existing infrastructure, increase fire protection and provide more reliable water service for the area.
DENVER — Nevada's recreational marijuana supplies are plentiful but not overly abundant, keeping wholesale cannabis prices on the high side compared to other adult-use markets.
Business owners in the Silver State don't expect wholesale prices to remain steep for much longer, however.
Growers are continuing to build out their cultivation facilities and improve their growing methods, pumping additional supplies into the market.
“Supply is catching up,” said Andrew Jolley, owner of The Source dispensary and retail shop in Las Vegas. “Prices are dropping.”
But prices aren't expected to nosedive as they have in other rec markets, including Colorado, Washington state and Oregon.
Related: Wholesale cannabis prices tumbled in 2017 — and they have yet to hit rock bottom
Looking ahead, the state will need plentiful supplies to meet continued robust consumer demand.
Nevada's adult-use market has been on a tear since its early start program went into effect last July.
Sales are averaging $1 million a day, driven by the more than 40 million tourists who visit Las Vegas every year.
That's solid for a nascent market that has yet to reach full production capacity.
Plus, prices in the retail stores haven't dropped much, with some ounces of flower still selling for $350 or more.
Growers also are commanding a decent price point for high-quality cannabis.
The majority of cannabis in Nevada is grown indoors, though there are a few greenhouse operations.
The state has no outdoor grows, limiting the amount of available production capacity.
On Jan. 1, 2018, the state's Department of Taxation assessed the average wholesale market price at $2,268 for a pound of flower and $601 for a pound of trim.
Those prices are considerably higher than in other mature recreational markets.
Quality drives price
While those taxation department figures are based on cultivation transactions from April 2017 to October 2017, marijuana business owners in the state say there is a much wider range in prices.
Business owners who spoke with Marijuana Business Daily said pounds of wholesale flower are selling for $1,800-$3,500 depending on quality, including THC content, terpene profile and a strain's popularity.
The flower Jolley is buying for $1,800 a pound goes on The Source's value shelf. Higher-priced cannabis goes in the premium section.
“The higher the THC content, the more you can command your price,” said Jerry Velarde, president of EvergreenOrganix, which grows and processes cannabis in Las Vegas.
Average flower, which has roughly 16% THC content and a moderate terpene profile, sells for about $2,300-$2,600 a pound, he said.
“You can be a great cultivator,” Velarde added, “but if you don't have a quality batch come out, you're going to be forced to push down toward that $2,500 a pound if you want to sell it.”
Ben Sillitoe, CEO and co-founder of Oasis Cannabis in Las Vegas, said wholesale prices:
–Increased between July and October.
–Didn't drop in October or November.
–Started to come down in December, when bulk purchasing deals became available.
Steady supply
Nevada's wholesale cannabis pipeline is sufficient at the moment, and business owners expect it to increase as more cultivation operations develop capacity and improve efficiencies.
In the early days of Nevada's recreational sales, Sillitoe said, retailers, processors and other businesses who needed wholesale cannabis had to preorder product from growers because of limited supplies.
But that supply situation has since loosened up.
“At this point, there really are no delays in getting inventory,” Sillitoe said.
“Selection isn't as great as you'd like it to be, but it's getting better.”
He expects to see supply continue to increase and prices to fall accordingly over the next year.
“We're seeing significant expansion from the wholesale side from a lot of different suppliers,” Sillitoe said. “Projects are coming online. Construction is underway.”
Jolley agrees there is enough supply currently and he expects wholesale prices to trend downward.
“I don't know of anyone who's running out of product now,” he said. “Versus last summer when we made the switch to recreational.”
But eventually there might be too much of a good thing for growers.
“I think there's actually going to be too much supply within the year,” Jolley said.
High trim prices
Cannabis trim specifically intended to be made into oil is ranging from $400 to $700 a pound, depending on quality, according to business owners.
Shane Terry — CEO of Taproot Holdings, a vertically integrated cultivation, production and distribution company in Las Vegas — said trim cost as much as $1,800 a pound in December but has since slid.
He's seen pounds of flower that failed laboratory testing with THC content as low as 5% still sell for $700 a pound for processing into cannabis oil.
“We're seeing incredibly high prices from people who are sending us product that's failed for mold or microbials,” Terry said.
Flower that fails testing is commonly sold to processors to be converted into oil, because the extraction process is believed to remove the impurities.
The failed tests stemmed from cultivators having to deal with humidity issues during the winter months, Velarde said.
“You've had a lot of guys who have struggled and have had a lot of failed flowers,” he added.
He admitted that the robust trim prices have taxed the processing side of his business.
“It's very, very high,” he said. “It's been a challenge, that's for sure.”
That's also been the experience of Brandon Rexroad, founder and CEO of Shango, a vertically integrated recreational cannabis company with operations in Las Vegas and Oregon.
He's heard of people buying cannabis to be processed into oil for as much as $2,000.
“It's hugely expensive,” he said. “I don't know how these people are doing it.”
Rexroad explained that processors will pay top dollar to try to establish their brands in a highly competitive extraction market.
“They're willing to pay it just to get product on these shelves even if they're not making money at that price point,” he added.
No dip in retail price
Retail prices have remained consistent since the start of recreational sales, according to business owners.
Prices are ranging from $250 to $350 an ounce for flower at most retail stores.
When the state began recreational MJ sales in July, wholesale prices increased in relation to the medical prices, according to Sillitoe.
But he didn't raise his retail prices accordingly to maintain market share.
“We ate that cost for our customers,” Sillitoe added.
Velarde of EvergreenOrganix concurred that prices have generally stayed the same since the rollout of adult-use sales.
Rexroad emphasized that Nevada's tourist trade will continue to bolster the market.
“People always seem to strive for the best when they come to Vegas, whether it's a bottle of liquor or weed,” he said, “and that's really where our focus is.”
Information from: Marijuana Business Daily
Jan. 22
Jesse James Scott, 28, of Portland, was charged with failure to appear.
Christopher Anthony Shelton, 31, of Lebanon, was charged with violation of probation.
Terrance Monroe Stewart, 31, of Lebanon, was charged with sale of schedule II drugs.
Abel Hailemariam Teklu, 23, of Mt. Juliet, was charged with failure to appear.
Justice Namen Williams, 20, of Lebanon, was charged with possession of drug paraphernalia, public drunkenness and two counts of simple drug possession.
Jan. 23
Ashley Jean Bancroft, 26, of Hermitage, was charged with driving with a revoked, suspended or cancelled driver's license.
Michael Eugene Brigman, 31, of Nashville, was charged with aggravated assault.
Phillip Wayne Cragwall, 55, of Lebanon, was charged with violation of probation.
Michael Quintin Cunningham, 23, of Goodletsville, was charged with violation of probation.
Michael William Defuria, 26, of Mt. Juliet, was charged with violation of probation.
Felicia Diaz, 31, of Lebanon, was charged with violation of probation.
Christopher Eric Gunter, 29, of Mt. Juliet, was charged with violation of probation.
Lonnie Danell Luellen, 29, of Lebanon, was charged with simple drug possession.
Jonathan Jermaine Marthell, 34, of Lebanon, was charged with violation of probation.
Robert Allen McKenzie, 51, of Nashville, was charged with criminal trespass and theft of merchandise worth less than $500.
Johnathan Andrew Palmisano, 29, of Lebanon, was charged with driving with a revoked, suspended or cancelled driver's license and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Bradford Lee Pigott, 31, of Lebanon, was charged with failure to pay child support and violation of probation.
Jeffrey Scott St. John, 28, of Mt. Juliet, was held for court.
Amy Nicole Stewart, 30, of Lebanon, was charged with possession and manufacture with intent for resale and criminal trespass.
Steve Lawrence Taylor, 60, of Mt. Juliet, was charged with violation of probation.
Brandon Mark Williams, 20, of Lebanon, was charged with driving with a revoked, suspended or cancelled driver's license.
Jan. 24
Michael James Bayle, 23, of Lebanon, was charged with vandalism, evading arrest, reckless endangerment, reckless driving, driving with a revoked, suspended or cancelled driver's license and resisting arrest.
Jerry Apple Birdwell, 51, of Lebanon, was charged with violation of probation.
Jennifer Lynn Cordova, 34, of Lebanon, was charged with domestic assault.
–Staff Reports
Transgender activist and San Antonio architect Ashley Smith speaks at a rally against a so-called “bathroom bill” being considered by the Republican-dominated Texas Senate at the Texas Capitol in Austin, Texas. Jon Herskovitz / Reuters
Enactment in Texas, the most populous Republican-dominated state, could give momentum to other socially conservative states for additional action on an issue that has become a flashpoint in the U.S. culture wars.
But House Speaker Joe Straus, a pro-business Republican who controls the agenda in the body, has shown little interest in passing a bathroom bill, which he said was not a priority.
His position was buffeted by a well-financed campaign from major corporations including Texas-based energy companies Halliburton and ExxonMobil Global Services, which have said the bills were discriminatory and would make it hard for them to recruit top talent.
Supporters of the legislation, who say it can help protect women and children from sexual assaults, have not given up.
But they acknowledge there is only a slim chance of success, with lawmakers still trying to reach deals on almost all of the 20 priority items set by Republican Governor Greg Abbott for the session.
Related:
Transgender Texan Trolls Governor to Protest ‘Bathroom Bill'
Senate Bill 3, which made it through the Senate and stalled in the House, requires people to use restrooms, showers and locker rooms in public schools and other state and local government facilities that match the sex on their birth certificate, as opposed to their gender identity.
A push for bathroom bills nationally sputtered after North Carolina partially repealed such a measure in March after boycotts by athletic organizations and businesses that have cost the state hundreds of millions of dollars.
Opposition against the Texas measures includes global tech giants IBM and Apple, major Texas city police chiefs who contested claims the bills would protect public safety, left-leaning religious leaders and the National Hockey League's Dallas Stars team.
Republican Representative Ron Simmons, who sponsored a version of the bathroom legislation in the Texas House, said the privacy issue at the heart of the bills is supported by a wide majority of Republican primary voters.
“Just because we don't pass legislation doesn't mean that the issue is not going to be there,” he said.
Follow
NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
Tea is love. Tea is warmth. Tea is home. Tea is a companion for rainy afternoons and good books. Tea is a cure for blocked noses and heartaches. Tea is a means of staying awake through long nights with design work and AutoCAD files.
Earl Grey, mint, oolong, jasmine, darjeeling, cinnamon, black pepper, flower infusions, fruit infusions, spice infusions, all kinds of tea. (Except cardamom, I don't really like cardamom tea. Or ginger, unless I'm sick.)
Teeeeaaaaaaaaa.
But not with milk. I don't hate milk, I just prefer tea without it. I feel like it mildly murders the flavor. So tea without milk, as strong as I can steep it with honey for sweetening, not white sugar. I did once have a cold apple cinnamon tea with palm sugar, which was lovely, but I generally prefer honey to sugar. And I'm yet to meet a tea I like with lemon. Yes, including Earl Grey.
Teeeeaaaaaaaaa.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WARNING: This video may be considered disturbing to some viewers.
OKLAHOMA CITY -- An Oklahoma City woman who is accused of dressing as a witch to terrorize her 7-year-old granddaughter has been sentenced to prison for child abuse.
Officers were called to a home in southeast Oklahoma City in Sept. 2014 after the woman tried to take the victim to Griffin Memorial Hospital. According to the police affidavit, 51-year-old Geneva Robinson told hospital employees that she could not control the girl any more.
The 7-year-old child looked to be malnourished and had numerous burns and bruises across her body, according to the police report.
The report said the victim's ankles had cuts around them and were infected. Her wrists had marks "which had the appearance of possibly being bound."
Authorities said the 7-year-old girl claims Robinson, her grandmother, would dress up as a witch and abuse her.
The girl told a DHS worker Robinson would wear a green mask, take her to the garage, bind her wrists at night and make her sleep on a pair of pants because "she was in trouble."
The child said the witch's name is "Nelda."
"Nelda" would allegedly "take a pink dog leash and hang the victim in the middle of the garage underneath her arms" and tell the girl "the creatures in the attic were going to come get her."
The child also said she would be hit with an orange and black whip.
"The evidence at the scene corroborated what she was saying," said MSgt. Gary Knight, Oklahoma City Police Department. "There were whips and chains and a witch's hat found there. Just a completely horrible situation for a child to be in."
A disturbing video shows Robinson dressed up as "Nelda."
"Oh no! She might take the doggies," a child can be heard screaming.
"I won't hit grandma! I won't be mean!" a child can be heard crying.
The trauma just keeps going, and it appears multiple children are in the room.
At one point, Robinson can be heard saying "give me a fork and a knife."
At another point, a man appears in the video.
"Grandma's sick because of you! Go with the witch," he said.
Earlier this year, Robinson pleaded guilty to multiple counts of felony child abuse for actions including:
-pulling on the girl with pliers
-kicking the girl in the pubic area causing a fracture to her pubic bone
-striking the girl in her face causing injury
-scratching the girl on the neck causing injury
-approaching the girl while she slept and cutting off all of her hair
-striking the girl in the head
-withholding food to the extent that the girl had to steal food to eat
-not seeking medical care for the girl, who was visibly suffering from ringworm
-keeping the girl from attending school
-forcing the girl to sleep outside with the dogs
-cutting the finger of a six-year-old with scissors
"They're innocent children, and they were just tortured," said prosecutor Merydith Easter. "It's heartbreaking to watch them recount what's happened to them."
Robinson was sentenced to serve three consecutive life sentences.
She can appeal the decision.
Her attorneys argued Robinson's behavior was the result of an abusive childhood that left her without good parenting skills.
She took her son's four children in when they had no place else to go, they said.
"We don't have illusions this is not serious, but we are here for mercy," the attorney said. "Nobody died. This is not a death penalty case."
But, the judge, announcing her decision, argued a young girl's innocence and "sparkle" had been taken.
Prosecutors agreed.
"She has scarred them for the rest of their lives," Easter said. "She does not understand the horror she inflicted on [the victim]. Geneva Robinson should never walk free again. She should never have access to children."
Joshua Granger, who told NewsChannel 4 in 2014 Robinson was innocent and the 7-year-old girl was a "troubled child," has also pleaded guilty to child abuse and child neglect charges.
Prosecutors said he also beat the two young children and helped Robinson with her witch persona.
"Anyone who sits back and watches it or helps someone else do that deserves to be there with them," Easter said. "He's the only person who could have protected [the victim] from Geneva Robinson. He didn't do that."
He was sentenced to serve life in prison with the first 30 years behind bars, despite arguments from the defense that Granger was tossed into a chaotic family environment and did the best he could to handle children with behavioral issues.
"Did he screw up?" attorneys asked. "Yes. But, I don't think that proves a lack of compassion on his part."
In a prepared statement, Granger told the judge he thought the persona would do some good to "scare her into" some better behavior.
It will be sizzling summer day across Co. Kildare.
Met Eireann has included Kildare in a raft of counties which are the subject of a status yellow warning because temperatures are expected to rise to 27 or 28 degrees centigrade in places. It will reach 27 degrees in Rathangan and 26 degrees in Naas.
With no sign of rain on the horizon, Met Eireann has also said a drought warning issued on Saturday remains in place.
It will be dry and clear tonight with the lowest temperatures of 11 to 13 degrees.
MOSCOW — Declaring a victory in Syria, Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday visited a Russian military air base in the country and announced a partial pullout of Russian forces from the Mideast nation.
Putin's visit marks his first trip to Syria, drawing a symbolic line under the campaign that has shored up President Bashar Assad's government. It is also the first visit by a foreign head of state to war-ravaged Syria since its bloodletting started nearly seven years ago.
Putin's brief stop at the Hemeimeem air base in Syria's coastal province of Latakia while on route to Egypt comes days after the Russian president declared his bid to run for re-election in the March 18 vote, helping encourage the feelings of pride about Russia's revived global clout and prestige.
It also follows the Russian announcement last week that the Syrian army under the Russian air cover routed the Islamic State in eastern Syria and fully restored control over the border with Iraq.
In a televised speech to the Russian troops at the base, the Russian leader hailed their valor.
“You have shown the best qualities of a Russian soldier,” Putin said.
The Hemeimeem base, in the heartland of Assad's Alawite minority, has served as the main foothold for the Russian military campaign in Syria.
In a speech to the troops, Putin said that he had ordered the military to withdraw a “significant part” of the Russian contingent in Syria.
“Friends, the Motherland is waiting for you,” Putin said. He added that “if the terrorists again raise their heads, we will deal such blows to them they have never seen.”
Russian television stations showed Putin walking off the plane, embracing and shaking hands with Assad at the air base.
Putin said that the Russian military will maintain their presence at the Hemeimeem air base and the naval facility in Tartus.
Syrian TV said Assad thanked Putin for his troops' effective contribution to the fight against terrorism in Syria.
Russia launched its air campaign in Syria at the end of September 2015 when Assad's government was teetering on the brink of collapse and quickly changed the course of the conflict in its favor.
Tournament officials will use on-course video review stations at Erin Hills to avoid a repeat of the farcical situation which overshadowed last year's US Open.
Dustin Johnson claimed his first major title at Oakmont 12 months ago, but only after being given a one-shot penalty following an incident which left players, officials and spectators unsure of his score with just seven holes to play.
Johnson had overturned a four-shot deficit to seemingly move two shots clear of the field before being told on the 12th tee that officials would review an incident on his fifth hole after the round.
The 32-year-old had seen his ball move fractionally as he lined up a putt, but called in the referee walking with his group and was initially cleared of any wrongdoing before holing out for par.
Rory McIlroy labelled the decision to review the incident after the round as "amateur hour" from the USGA, who revealed on Wednesday the steps they have taken to avoid something similar happening.
"I think last year there were two things we fell short on," John Bodenhamer, the senior managing director of championships said.
"It took too long to make the ruling and it left uncertainty with the competition. I think should a similar circumstance happen I think we are poised to move quickly.
"We've enhanced the technology so we'll be able to have a quick look. We have four on-course video-review locations to assist us in expediting our rules decision-making process.
"These locations will be augmented by tablets and some of us on the committee will have those with us and will be able to move quickly on making decisions considering facts as we go forward."
Last year's controversy followed on from the heavily-criticised course set-up at Chambers Bay in 2015, when Henrik Stenson (pictured) described the greens as like "putting on broccoli".
"If we're being honest, yeah, we're human," USGA executive director Mike Davis said. "We know we've had some issues the last two years.
"So moving forward we want a nice, smooth US Open. But you never know what's going to happen with Mother Nature. You're never going to know what happens with certain rule situations or how the players play the course. So you just deal with them and you remain nimble and flexible."
As part of that philosophy some of the tall fescue grass was cut down on the fourth, 12th, 14th and 18th on Tuesday, although Davis insisted that was not due to complaints from some players.
"It's not as if we don't listen to feedback from players, but I will tell you in this case it had nothing to do, absolutely zero to do with what the players were saying," Davis added.
"We looked at some spots and we said this is simply not going to play properly."
WASHINGTON (AP) -- Russia has deployed a cruise missile in violation of a Cold War-era arms control treaty, a Trump administration official said Tuesday, a development that complicates the outlook for U.S.-Russia relations amid turmoil on the White House national security team.
The Obama administration three years ago accused the Russians of violating the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty by developing and testing the prohibited cruise missile, and officials had anticipated that Moscow eventually would deploy it. Russia denies that it has violated the INF treaty.
U.S. intelligence agencies have assessed that the missile became operational late last year, said an administration official, who wasn't authorized to publicly discuss the matter and demanded anonymity.
The deployment may not immediately change the security picture in Europe, but the alleged treaty violation may arise when Defense Secretary Jim Mattis attends his first NATO meeting in Brussels on Wednesday. It also has stirred concern on Capitol Hill, where Sen. John McCain, the Senate Armed Services Committee chairman, called on the Trump administration to ensure U.S. nuclear forces in Europe are ready.
"Russia's deployment of nuclear-tipped ground-launched cruise missiles in violation of the INF treaty is a significant military threat to U.S. forces in Europe and our NATO allies," McCain, R-Ariz., said in a statement Tuesday. He said Russian President Vladimir Putin was "testing" Trump.
Trump's White House is in a difficult moment, with no national security adviser following the forced resignation Monday night of Michael Flynn. Flynn is accused of misleading Vice President Mike Pence about contacts with a Russian diplomat while President Barack Obama was still in office.
The New York Times, which was first to report the missile deployment, said the Russians have two battalions of the prohibited cruise missile. One is at a missile test site at Kapustin Yar and one was moved in December from the test site to an operational base elsewhere in the country.
The State Department wouldn't confirm the report. It noted that last year it reported Russia was in violation of its treaty obligations not to possess, produce or flight-test a ground-launched cruise missile with a range of between 500 and 5,500 kilometers, or to possess or produce launchers for such missiles.
"The administration is undertaking an extensive review of Russia's ongoing INF treaty violation in order to assess the potential security implications for the United States and its allies and partners," State Department spokesman Mark Toner said.
John Tierney, executive director of the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation, said strategic stability on the European continent is at stake.
"If true, Russia's deployment of an illegal ground-launched cruise missile represents a very troubling development and should be roundly condemned," Tierney said.
Sen. Tom Cotton, an Arkansas Republican, sees little reason for the U.S. to continue adhering to the INF treaty, in light of Russia's violations. He has recommended building up U.S. nuclear forces in Europe, which currently include about 200 bombs that can be delivered by aircraft. The U.S. withdrew land-based nuclear-armed missiles from Europe as part of the INF deal.
The treaty has special significance in the recent history of arms control agreements. Signed in December 1987 by President Ronald Reagan and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, it has been credited with helping accelerate an end to the Cold War and lessening the danger of nuclear confrontation. It stands as the only arms treaty to eliminate an entire class of U.S. and Russian weapons — nuclear and conventional ground-launched ballistic and cruise missiles of intermediate range.
The Obama administration had argued for maintaining U.S. compliance with the treaty while urging the Russians to halt violations. At the same time, the Pentagon developed options to counter Russian cruise missile moves, some of which would have involved bold military action.
At his Senate confirmation hearing in February 2014, Ash Carter, who headed the Pentagon until last month, said disregard for treaty limitations was a "two-way street," opening the way for the U.S. to respond in kind. He called Russia's violations consistent with its "strategy of relying on nuclear weapons to offset U.S. and NATO conventional superiority."
Company's Full Year 2016 Revenue up Over 60% as Compared to Same Period 2015
SANTA MONICA, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - U-Vend, Inc. ( OTCQB : UVND) (the "Company"), a consumer products and technology company that develops, distributes, and markets next-generation self-serve electronic kiosks and merchandisers with a digital advertising component across North America, today announced its financial results for the year ended December 31, 2016.
"Last year marked a transition year for U-Vend. The introduction of the wholesale grab-and-go distribution strategy doubled points of sale and proved strong sell-through in a non-vending format. This is a high cash-on-cash return approach which may be replicated in new markets as the company focuses on expansion in 2017 and beyond," stated David Graber, CEO of U-Vend, Inc. "I am very much looking forward to focusing the continuation of U-Vend's growth with our existing products as well as new brands in development. The number one priority for our future is product and market expansion and profitability," added Graber.
Select Financial Data Year Ended December 31, 2016
Revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2016 increased 60.2% to $1,428,045 as compared to revenue of $891,227 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2015
Gross profits for the year ended December 31, 2016 increased 103% to $714,175 as compared to gross profit of $351,228 for the year ended December 31, 2015
Gross margin for the year ended December 31, 2016 increased to 50% as compared to gross margin of 39% for the year ended December 31, 2015
Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2016 increased 27% to $2,607,461 as compared to a net loss of $2,050,574 for the year ended December 31, 2015
Basic and diluted net loss per share of ($0.13) per common share for the twelve months ended December 31, 2016 compares to the ($0.15) net loss per common share for the twelve months ended December 31, 2015
A full analysis of results for the year ended December 31, 2016 is available in the Company's Form 10-K, which is available on the Company's website at www.u-vend.com or through the Securities and Exchange Commission's Edgar database at www.sec.gov.
ABOUT U-VEND, INC.
U-Vend, Inc., headquartered in Santa Monica, CA, and with offices in Orange, CA and Las Vegas, NV, is a consumer products and automated retailing company specializing in the creation, marketing and sales of unique ice cream and related food products which are distributed to the retail markets utilizing various "next-generation" self-serve electronic kiosks throughout North America. The Company owns and operates kiosks and has partnered with numerous national consumer product companies to deliver new and innovative customer retail experiences in automated "frictionless" settings. For more information on U-Vend, visit www.u-vend.com or call (855) 55-UVEND.
Follow U-Vend on Twitter and Like U-Vend on Facebook
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain statements contained in this news release regarding matters that are not historical facts may be forward-looking statements. Because such forward-looking statements include risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, but are not limited to, uncertainties pertaining to market acceptance for the Company's products and services, its ability to succeed in increasing revenues in the near term to attain profitable operations and generate sufficient cash flow from operations, the effect of new competitors in its markets, its integration of acquired businesses, and other risk factors identified from time to time in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K which are available at the SEC's website www.sec.gov. Other factors not currently anticipated may also materially and adversely affect U-Vend's results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. There can be no assurance that future results will meet expectations. While the Company believes that the forward-looking statements in this news release are reasonable, the reader should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. In addition, these statements speak only as of the date made. The Company does not undertake, and expressly disclaims any obligation to update or alter any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law.
JOPLIN, MO--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - TAMKO Building Products, Inc. is proud to announce that the all new www.TAMKO.com and the brand new www.EnvisionDecking.com are now live. TAMKO.com primarily focuses on roofing and related products, while EnvisionDecking.com focuses on decking, with a convenient link between them. Homeowners and customers alike are invited to visit the new websites to experience their exciting features firsthand.
TAMKO.com
TAMKO.com now features a cleaner design with quick, easy access to visualization tools, product photos and useful information.
With bold new imagery, the new TAMKO.com design accentuates product charm and appeal for homeowners along with features that enable them to choose roofing shingles by color or style and easily locate a TAMKO Pro Certified Roofing Contractor.
The responsive design of the new TAMKO.com optimizes the experience on popular devices and platforms for increased consumer interaction and a more engaging consumer experience with the ability to share items across multiple social media channels. The site also includes a space for Team TAMKO, which is dedicated to professionals and builders and contains access to a wealth of business building tools. Additionally, application instructions, data sheets and literature are easily available directly from the product pages.
EnvisionDecking.com
As a one-stop, all-inclusive resource for consumers to learn about TAMKO's composite decking and railing offerings, EnvisionDecking.com is a useful new platform where homeowners can learn, explore and view the beauty of TAMKO's family of decking products.
EnvisionDecking.com features stunning new decking imagery and an Idea Gallery devoted to the concept of guiding homeowners to find their decking style.
Additional new features include a page containing a live feed of TAMKO's decking social media content with links to all of those social media feeds for full consumer engagement, a page highlighting TAMKO's new decking leadership team, and access to beautiful imagery that shows how anyone can Envision life on their new deck.
About TAMKO
TAMKO® Building Products, Inc. is one of the nation's largest independent manufacturers of residential and commercial roofing products. For more information about TAMKO, visit our website at www.TAMKO.com.
About TAMKO Composite Lumber
From decking to railing, TAMKO's composite lumber offerings provide homeowners with exceptional options to create a beautiful outdoor space where beautiful things happen. These offerings include Envision Distinction™, Envision Inspiration™, Envision Expression™, EverGrain®, Marquee Railing® and TAM- RAIL®. For more information, visit our website at www.EnvisionDecking.com.
Note to editors and writers -- The correct capitalization of the company name is TAMKO, due to the fact that it is an acronym. The letters stand for Texas, Arkansas, Missouri, Kansas and Oklahoma -- the company's original trade area when founded in 1944. TAMKO's trade area is now all 50 states.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/14/11G130309/Images/EnvisionDecking.com_Screenshot_-_Homepage-aee7fe22c04da349a317262cbdd03f73.jpg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/14/11G130309/Images/1_TAMKO.com_Screenshot_-_Home-4a76fae6e4f7b338b2a5df3b68ee55d9.jpg
André Holland as Henry Deaver in Hulu's "Castle Rock" (Photo Credit: Hulu)
A new preview for Hulu's upcoming thriller, Castle Rock is scheduled to air during Sunday's Super Bowl, but is now available on YouTube.
The Stephen King-inspired series follows Henry Deaver, played by André Holland (Moonlight), who is drawn back home to “Castle Rock” by someone claiming to be from Shawshank Prison. Castle Rock is the fictional town in Maine referenced in King's stories.
Watch the preview, here…
Many references to King's books and movies are all over the preview, including appearances by several actors like Sissy Spacek (Carrie) and Bill Skarsgard (IT). CBS News caught a couple of references like the Cujo-esque blood-drenched German shepherd, images of children wearing masks, blood swirling down a drain and shots of sewers reminding us of Pennywise from IT.
Castle Rock also stars Melanie Lynskey (Up In The Air), Scott Glenn (The Leftovers), Jane Levy (Suburgatory), and Terry O'Quinn (Lost). J.J. Abrams serves as the show's producer.
In 2017, Hulu revealed two first-look teasers via YouTube:
Hulu has not promised a date of it's release. Only to say the series will premiere in Summer of 2018.
I still have some cards left to give away…. GLO320411339988315320412029099486 Em tee En follows ad others follow in the comment section…. All cards are 500 each. p.p1 {margin: 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px; font: 13.0px Arial; color: #232323; min-height: 15.0px} p.p2 {margin: 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px; font: 13.0px Arial; color: #232323} span.s1 {font-kerning: none}
A third man linked to the notorious MS-13 gang has been charged in the machete murder of a Long Island teenager, according to officials.
Josue Figueroa-Velasquez, 18, was arrested Tuesday and charged with the slaying of 16-year-old Angel Soler, authorities said.
Soler's mutilated remains were found in a wooded area in Roosevelt in October 2017, about three months after he was reported missing.
Soler's was one of three bodies found within a five-mile stretch in Nassau County across nine days last fall — all apparent victims of MS-13 violence.
Two reputed members of the ruthless gang — David Sosa-Guevara and Victor Lopez — have already been charged in the slaying.
Figueroa-Velasquez pleaded not guilty during a brief court appearance Wednesday morning, according to the Nassau County District Attorney's Office.
He was remanded without bail, and is due back in court Friday.
"The health crisis in Flint has created a trust crisis for Michigan government, exposing a serious lack of confidence in leaders who accept responsibility and solve problems," state Attorney General Bill Schuette said at a news conference.
Nick Lyon, director of the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services (MDHHS), was the highest-ranking official to be charged. The others include former Flint Emergency Manager Darnell Earley, former City of Flint Water Department Manager Howard Croft, the state Department of Environmental Quality Drinking Water's chief, Liane Shekter-Smith, and Water Supervisor Stephen Busch. They all face up to 15 years in prison, as well as a $7,500 fine, if convicted.
The head of Michigan's health department and four other officials were charged Wednesday with involuntary manslaughter for their alleged failure to act in the Flint water crisis, which prosecutors say led to the death of an 85-year-old man who had Legionnaires' disease.
Lyon was also charged with felony misconduct in office, which carries a sentence of up to five years in prison and a $10,000 fine, for allegedly obstructing researchers who were investigating if the surge in Legionnaires' cases was linked to the Flint River.
Eden Wells, MDHHS chief medical executive, was also charged with lying to an officer and obstruction of justice for allegedly trying to stop an investigation into the Flint's lead-contaminated water system.
The water became contaminated after state-appointed emergency managers in 2014 temporarily switched Flint's water intake from the Detroit River to the Flint River. Because the water wasn't treated properly, it caused the pipes to corrode and led to high levels of lead contamination.
The water contamination made people sick and has been linked to an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease. In a statement, the Michigan Attorney General's office said multiple Flint-area residents died of Legionnaires' disease and the charges brought forward Wednesday were in relation to the death of Robert Skidmore.
“Skidmore died of Legionnaires' disease after many others had been diagnosed with the illness, yet no public outbreak notice had been issued,” the state attorney general's office said.
Lyon's charging document accuses him of being aware of the Legionnaires' disease outbreak in Genesee County by at least January 2015 and not notifying the public until a year later. Because officials failed to notify the public and act to stop the outbreak, the disease spread throughout Flint's water system, authorities said.
The Michigan attorney general's office said that within a month of the water source being switched in April 2014, local, state, and federal officials began receiving complaints from Flint residents about water quality. The complaints included reports of discoloration, foul odor, and skin rashes.
By October 2014 Genesee County recorded 30 cases of Legionnaires' disease for the previous six months. In previous years the county recorded two to nine cases of the disease per year.
Gov. Rick Snyder, who has apologized for his administration's failures in the water crisis, expressed support for Wells and Lyon, saying in a statement that they had his "full faith and confidence."
As Midterms Approach, U.S. Election Integrity Is in Question
With U.S. intelligence chiefs warning that Russian operatives are already mobilizing to mar the November midterms, fear and confusion over the integrity of the nation's election systems are running at an all-time high.
Although some bellwether special elections have been held in recent months, the primary votes in Texas and Illinois this month kick off the official contests that will determine the balance of power in Congress and in statehouses across the nation.
State and federal officials readily acknowledge that the shadows that hung over the 2016 vote have not cleared, including Kremlin-directed disinformation efforts, abuse of social media and attempts to hack state electoral systems.
Democrats say the Trump administration has not taken the threat seriously enough, while Republicans point the finger at the Obama White House for failing to act in 2016. Technology specialists fault the Department of Homeland Security and social media companies for failing to get a handle on the threat.
Homeland Security officials say Russian agents attacked elections systems in 21 states two years ago, but the targeted states say it is still unclear how deeply hackers breached their voter registration databases.
Texas officials last week denounced an NBC News report citing "substantial evidence" from federal officials that Russian-backed operatives penetrated some of their most sensitive databases in 2016.
Officials at the Texas Department of Public Safety and State Library and Archives Commission acknowledge that hackers looked into agency websites for vulnerabilities, but they contend no data was ever stolen nor manipulated. This time, officials have created a special alert to detect any suspicious activity at the voter registration database.
Still, Texas Democrats have criticized Gov. Greg Abbott, a Republican, for not doing more.
"Texans need answers," state Democratic Party primary director Glen Maxey said in a recent statement. "The fact is, we don't sit on the sidelines after a conventional military attack. An attack on our democracy in cyberspace should be no different."
In Illinois, which holds its primary on March 20, hackers in 2016 gained access to roughly 76,000 active voter registration records but apparently were not able to make changes. State employees now must undergo cybersecurity training focused on preventing "phishing" attacks -- the tactic Russians used on Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta to break into his email.
Illinois officials have also been granted federal security clearances to learn more classified information from Homeland Security about threats, a major issue for the 21 states targeted in 2016. But officials also acknowledge that they are still wary and that Illinois is one of 14 states that requested a Homeland Security risk assessment of their electronic databases.
Federal intelligence officials have made clear in recent days that the threat is still active. Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats and National Security Agency Director Adm. Mike Rogers have issued stark warnings in Capitol Hill testimony.
"Clearly what we have done hasn't been enough," Mr. Rogers told senators last week when asked about efforts to stop Russia.
The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced that it would issue monthly reports on vulnerabilities in the U.S. election system as November approaches, focusing in part on the vulnerabilities of individual campaigns to covert foreign meddling.
"One of the most vulnerable entities in our democratic system is a campaign itself," Sen. Mark R. Warner of Virginia, the ranking Democrat on the intelligence panel, said in remarks last week to the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. "A campaign is the quintessential startup. The notion that they're going to have the kind of good cyberhygiene you need -- I think that has to be a part of [the security recommendations] that we put out there."
The continuing danger was underscored by special counsel Robert Mueller's indictment last month in what investigators say is a massive Kremlin-led scheme to use Facebook, Twitter and YouTube to spread disinformation to American voters.
During congressional hearings last year, Mr. Warner and Senate intelligence committee Chairman Richard Burr, North Carolina Republican, pressed leaders from Facebook, Google and Twitter to explain why they didn't do more to stop Russian abuses of their platforms.
Mr. Warner said in an interview last month that social media giants such as Facebook and Twitter are "one significant event away from people losing faith" in their products.
"The truth is, where we stand here in the beginning of March, we are not prepared. We are not fully prepared," Mr. Warner said. After Texas and Illinois in March, the primary season resumes in May in Kentucky, Arkansas, Georgia, Nebraska, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Idaho, West Virginia, Ohio, Indiana and North Carolina.
© 2018 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Check out how Bruno Mars looked as a little boy
Categories Select Category Blog Entertainment BellaNaija Ladun Liadi Linda Ikeji Stella Dimoko Korkus Mobile Phones Tecno Phones Nigeria Forum Nairaland Nigeria News PM News Premium Times Sahara Reporters Nigerian Newspapers Daily Independent Daily Post Daily Times Guardian Newspaper National Mirror Nigerian Pilot Newspaper Punch Newspaper Sun Newspaper The Nation Newspaper Vanguard Newspaper Sports Betting 1960bet Bet9ja TV Stations Channels TV Lagos Television Ogun State Television TV Continental TVC News Videos Music Videos Notjustok Tooxclusive News Videos Search for:
San Clemente Times
In celebration of the 2017 USA Surfing Championships Juniors divisions (June 19-22 at San Onofre State Beach, Lower Trestles) the Outlets at San Clemente is hosting a team fundraising and signing event from 4-8 p.m. on Wednesday, June 21, at the Outlets at San Clemente in the Oak Tree Court.
Pick up a special flyer in Oak Tree Court and dine out at Ruby's Diner, Slapfish, Panera Bread and Blaze Pizza. A portion of dinner sales will be donated in support of the team. Members of the team and former team member, now No. 4 ranked World Surf League pro surfer, Courtney Conlogue will also be on-hand for an autograph signing from 6-7 p.m.
Drop in and celebrate the First Night of Summer with members of the USA Surfing Team for food, fun, music and prizes.
Businesses are embracing API-led connectivity strategies to address digital transformation and connectivity challenges
SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - MuleSoft, provider of the leading platform for building application networks, today announced the findings of its 2017 Connectivity Benchmark Report on digital transformation initiatives and the business impact of APIs.
Based on a survey of 951 IT decision makers (ITDMs) globally, the report reveals a growing IT delivery gap that is slowing down the majority of the businesses surveyed and directly putting revenue at risk. With a convergence of technologies -- including mobile, SaaS, cloud, big data and IoT -- pushing business users to move at much faster speeds, IT today must be able to embrace change and securely integrate new technologies at a rapid pace. However, with a relatively fixed set of resources and a constrained capacity to deliver on new projects, IT is falling increasingly behind and holding back the business.
To counter the resulting IT delivery gap and address connectivity challenges, IT is increasingly turning to APIs to integrate new technologies with existing systems, enable business users to self-serve IT and unlock data silos. APIs serve as the digital glue that allow applications to securely talk to each other and exchange data, regardless of format or source.
Among the key results:
The IT delivery gap is widening
Despite the high number of ITDMs that are undertaking or plan to undertake digital transformation initiatives (94 percent), only half said they were able to deliver all projects asked of them last year. The biggest factors responsible for slowing down IT's delivery include a growing misalignment with business teams, under-resourcing, time constraints and the sheer number of applications they need to integrate.
69 percent of ITDMs say there is a disparity between what business executives are expecting will be achieved from a digital initiative. The disparity between IT and the business is growing year-over-year, with 45 percent of ITDMs in 2016 saying it was responsible for slowing the business down.
51 percent of ITDMs say they are under-resourced, and most ITDMs will not get significantly more resources in 2017: 68 percent say they will see a budget increase of less than 10 percent, will see their budgets stay the same or will see their budgets decrease. Under-resourcing is a major problem for IT, with only 32 percent in 2016 indicating it was responsible for slowing the business down.
41 percent of ITDMs say a major obstacle to completing digital transformation initiatives is lack of time. 35 percent of ITDMs say they are integrating 100 or more applications this year, compared to 10 percent in 2016, pointing to the growing complexity involved for IT when integrating new applications, data sources and devices.
The universal benefits of APIs
To close the IT delivery gap and speed up the pace of innovation, a growing number of ITDMs are implementing APIs to integrate new software with existing systems and applications (60 percent), to increase speed (57 percent), and to unlock existing data silos (54 percent). Almost universally, ITDMs are already seeing positive business outcomes from implementing API strategies.
90 percent of ITDMs currently have or are launching an API strategy by the end of 2017. Of the ITDMs that currently have an API strategy, a whopping 94 percent credit it with allowing them to deliver products and services faster.
The top business benefits ITDMs realized from their API strategies are increased productivity (64 percent), increased innovation (62 percent), increased employee engagement and collaboration (47 percent) and revenue growth as a direct result (44 percent).
Nearly half of ITDMs say their companies generate approximately 1-10 million dollars from APIs; 40 percent say their companies generate 25-75 percent of their revenue from APIs; 19 percent of ITDMs say that a majority of their company's total revenue is generated through APIs and activities directly related to API implementation.
Shadow IT poses security risks
The IT delivery gap is causing many business users to take matters into their own hands by purchasing technology tools outside of IT -- often SaaS applications. This shadow IT puts mission-critical customer and product data at risk. Despite over half of ITDMs saying they are "extremely" or "very" confident they can prevent or withstand security threats, the emergence of shadow IT and the continued movement to the cloud is set to pose unforeseen threats for businesses.
More than half of ITDMs say their companies have adopted more than 20 applications outside of the IT department, and nearly half of ITDMs say more than 21 percent of the tech budget comes from outside IT.
79 percent of ITDMs say cloud computing, the highest ranked technology, is "very" or "extremely" important to the future of their businesses; 75 percent say cloud applications are "very" or "extremely" important IT priorities in 2017.
ITDMs say they are spending more money on cloud applications (nearly 14 percent) than security (just over 12 percent).
"The IT delivery gap is one of the biggest threats to businesses today, as speed and real-time access now helps determine a business' success," said Ross Mason, founder and vice president of product strategy, MuleSoft. "In order to deliver products faster to market, establish new global presences and change existing processes to meet market demands, we're seeing our customers increasingly invest in and benefit from an API-led approach to connectivity. Driving an internal API economy allows IT to securely open up legacy systems and free business-critical data that the wider organization relies on to achieve business outcomes faster than competition. By removing itself as a bottleneck and creating reusable assets with APIs, IT can empower the entire organization in a secure environment while greatly diminishing the daunting IT delivery gap."
The complete MuleSoft 2017 Connectivity Benchmark Report can be downloaded here.
Methodology
Between November 16th and November 29th, 2016, MuleSoft surveyed 951 ITDMs globally across Australia, China, France, Germany, the Netherlands, Singapore, Sweden, the United Kingdom and the United States. The survey assessed how organizations with 500 or more employees are executing on digital transformation, IT challenges and technologies used to meet business goals. The survey's margin of error is +/-3.10 percentage points at a 95 percent confidence interval.
About Anypoint Platform™
MuleSoft's Anypoint Platform™ is a leading solution for API-led connectivity that creates an application network of apps, data, and devices, both on-premises and in the cloud. This hybrid integration platform includes iPaaS, ESB, and a unified solution for API management, design and publishing.
About MuleSoft
MuleSoft's mission is to help organizations change and innovate faster by making it easy to connect the world's applications, data and devices. With its API-led approach to connectivity, MuleSoft's market-leading Anypoint Platform™ is enabling over 1,000 organizations in more than 60 countries to build application networks that increase the clockspeed of business. For more information, visit https://www.mulesoft.com.
MuleSoft is a registered trademark of MuleSoft, Inc. All other marks are those of respective owners.
Aishwarya & Salman, Are You Listening?
"Aishwarya (Rai Bachchan) looked so good with him in Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam. It's one of my favourite films of his. It's the perfect onscreen pairing for me."
Jacqueline Also Talked About Her First Meet With Salman
"We share a good chemistry. We're compatible. Salman has known me, not many people know this, from my early days in Bollywood. I was signed for Aladin (2009) when he probably saw me somewhere.
He asked me to meet him for London Dreams. After that I'd see him on and off at parties. In the past, he has suggested my name to David Dhawan sir, Sajid Nadiadwala and now Ramesh Taurani for Race 3. And all this without my knowing."
Jacqueline Looks Up To Big B, SRK & Salman
"Whenever I go through a rough patch, I think about Amitji (Bachchan), Salman (Khan), Shahrukh (Khan). What all these people must have gone through. They go through so much on a daily basis as well. But they overcome it. They're my inspirations."
PeeCee Inspires Jacqueline Too!
"Even Priyanka Chopra has gone through so much. She's the biggest inspiration to so many of us. My issues are nothing compared to what a lot of people have been through," added the Race 3 actress.
Jacqueline On Her Love Life - Would She Ever Date An Actor?
When asked about the same, she said, "No! Most probably not. I'm good friends with actors. I love them. I can relate to them. I empathise with them. But I'd not be able to date an actor."
And.. She Has Got Her Own Reasons!
"There's just too much going on in an actor's life. It's preoccupying and you have to be someone who can take a lot. I don't want that stress in my life.
Actors need supportive people around them. As for me, I'm independent and do my own thing. So, I need someone who can complement that."
What Kind Of Guy Jacqueline Would Love To Have By Her Side?
"I don't know why you need someone to complete yourself. People ask things like when are you getting married? Why aren't you dating someone? But I ask, why has marriage become such a necessity? It's so unfair; you're your own person."
Jacqueline On Marriage
"Why is it always about a man? A man must come into your life; you should be dating someone, you need to be married! Honestly, if it happens. If it doesn't, it doesn't.
People shouldn't make an issue out of it. I don't see how it would make a difference to my life. I believe there's too much pressure on girls. They feel terrible about it when they shouldn't."
Built on the Fastly edge cloud platform, solution offers companies high availability, instant scalability and unlimited customization capabilities
SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Fastly today announced its Load Balancer as one of three newly-launched services on Fastly's edge cloud platform. The platform empowers the world's most popular online brands to deliver secure, fast and personalized digital experiences. Fastly's cloud-based Load Balancer offers businesses advantages over traditional solutions such as DNS and appliance-based load balancers, providing content-aware traffic rules, instant scalability, and instant convergence.
Gartner predicts that more than $1 trillion in IT spending will shift from traditional IT solutions to cloud services by 2020. Fastly's Layer 7 Load Balancer is infrastructure agnostic and can efficiently manage traffic across multiple infrastructure-as-a-service providers, data centers, and hybrid-clouds. Companies can instantly auto-scale applications without modifying existing infrastructure, and immediate, granular controls enable precise traffic routing decisions based on a wide range of criteria, including geographic location, language, cookies, device type, or HTTP headers.
"In today's modern web economy, the most successful businesses are hyperfocused on customer loyalty," said Tyler McMullen, CTO at Fastly. "Delivering reliable, secure, and scalable experiences is the first, and most critical, step to earning that loyalty; over 1,000 brands are currently load balancing with Fastly to ensure optimal performance."
"As the the world's leading discovery platform, Outbrain serves 250 billion recommendations to over 557 million unique visitors each month. We need the ability to scale while maintaining performance and security," said Orit Yaron, VP of Cloud Platform at Outbrain. "Fastly ensures high-performance availability and empowers us to consistently deliver fast, reliable experiences."
Key features of the Fastly Load Balancer include:
Content-Aware Routing: Customers can intelligently route traffic based on various request aspects such as client location, device type, cookies, URL path, and HTTP headers.
Customers can intelligently route traffic based on various request aspects such as client location, device type, cookies, URL path, and HTTP headers. Traffic Visibility : Online businesses gain instant visibility into traffic patterns via real-time log streaming.
: Online businesses gain instant visibility into traffic patterns via real-time log streaming. Intelligent Algorithms: Companies can better manage server load with intelligent distribution algorithms including random, round robin, weighted round robin, and hash for sticky sessions.
Companies can better manage server load with intelligent distribution algorithms including random, round robin, weighted round robin, and hash for sticky sessions. Instant Convergence: Fastly ensures near-instant origin convergence and failover for immediate and granular control, while eliminating additional network hops or points of failure.
To learn more about the Fastly Load Balancer, visit: https://www.fastly.com/products/load-balancing/
About Fastly
Fastly helps the world's most popular digital businesses keep pace with their customer expectations by delivering the most secure, fast and reliable online experiences. Businesses trust the Fastly edge cloud platform to solve traditional content delivery limitations, mitigate evolving threats, and enhance existing cloud infrastructure investments. Founded in 2011, Fastly powers online destinations including Airbnb, GitHub, gov.uk, Pinterest, Shazam, The Guardian, The New York Times and Ticketmaster. Learn more at Fastly.com and follow us on Twitter @fastly.
So, this week, challenge yourself to get to bed a full hour earlier than usual. Here are some tips for beating whatever it is that's getting in the way of your shuteye.
If you can't stop scrolling through your Facebook feed...
You try turning in a full hour earlier than usual, hit the lights, quickly set the alarm on your phone (eight full hours from now!) and decide to quickly check if anyone else has commented on that great photo of your puppy you posted before dinner… And two hours later you find yourself scrolling through all 650-plus photos of your high school crush's tacky wedding.
Studies have shown that cutting your sleep short for even just one night directly affects your health. Try going to bed an hour earlier. Studies have shown that cutting your sleep short for even just one night directly affects your health. Try going to bed an hour earlier.
“Staying ‘plugged in' keeps the brain in daytime/work mode,” says Janet Kennedy, PhD, a clinical psychologist, founder of NYC Sleep Doctor and author of The Good Sleeper: The Essential Guide to Sleep for Your Baby (and You). The brain needs a period of time between daytime activity and sleep as a buffer zone, she says. “Otherwise the brain has to calm down once you're in bed — and that leads to racing thoughts and poor sleep quality.”
RELATED: Are You Hooked on Screens? Here's Why You Can't Look Away
Plus, screen time before bedtime (or more specifically the blue light that screens give off) actually suppresses the body's production of melatonin, the hormone that helps your body drift to dreamland, and has been linked to worse sleep quality.
Zee suggests leaving time after dinner for any email- or Facebook-checking you plan to do for the night — before you brush your teeth, she says. And prioritize, she says — don't reply to anything that isn't urgent. (Dimming your screen's light or filtering out the blue light can help, too, she added.)
If eating dinner is the last thing you do...
Italians know how to do food and wine — but their late dining schedule is not going to help with a healthy sleep schedule. Foods that are heavy, fatty, fried or spicy are tougher for the body to digest and can make it harder to sleep shortly after consuming. Late dining is also linked to changes in metabolism that can lead to weight gain, Zee says (that's not the case though in some instances, such as people who are getting a lot of physical activity and for people who consume healthy pre-bed snacks).
“Staying ‘plugged in' keeps the brain in daytime/work mode. Otherwise the brain has to calm down once you're in bed — and that leads to racing thoughts and poor sleep quality.” “Staying ‘plugged in' keeps the brain in daytime/work mode. Otherwise the brain has to calm down once you're in bed — and that leads to racing thoughts and poor sleep quality.”
Aim to stop eating at least three hours before you hit your pillow, Zee recommends. And if you do get hungry after dinner, pick a light snack with tryptophan (an amino acid known to potentially make you drowsy), such as a banana or warm milk, Zee says. Or pick a healthy snack that combines protein and carbs to satisfy your hunger and keep you full throughout the night.
If your typical evening includes a twilight workout...
Regular exercise is linked to a myriad of mental and general health benefits — and has been linked to improved sleep quality, too (in terms of how long it takes you to fall asleep, how much deep sleep you get and how long you sleep in total). But too much activity too close to bedtime may stimulate the body and increase body temperature, making it tougher to fall asleep, Zee says.
If you're working out in the evening, try non-strenuous anaerobic exercise — think yoga, walking or light weight lifting — which can help you relax in the evening. For some groups of people, those activities have been shown to make it easier to fall sleep, Zee says. And keep in mind that people's body physiology varies, so if you're a post-dinner jogger and you sleep like a baby, no reason to ditch your trainers.
If your mind starts racing the moment you hit the pillow...
Your eyes are drooping, your body is heavy, but when your head makes contact with your pillow, your mind starts running like it's in the Olympic trials. Get out of bed and do something else to distract yourself and make you sleepy, Kennedy, says. “You want to maintain your bed as a happy and restful place.”
RELATED: How to Fall Asleep
Try reading fiction to get your mind off whatever's monopolizing your thoughts, she says. Other fixes: the National Sleep Foundation recommends sipping chamomile tea, meditating, taking a hot shower or designating a specific time of the day (that's not right before bed) to worry about the things that are stressing you out to help you relax, so you can easily nod off when it's time to sleep.
If Happy Hour lasts all night…
A drink (or a few) in the evening may make it easier to nod off initially, but it can wreak havoc on the quality of your sleep you're getting. Research that monitored brain activity in individuals who drank alcohol within an hour of sleep shows that it sends the brain quickly into deep sleep — but there's a rebound effect in the second half of the night where the brain's not getting adequate deep, restorative sleep it needs.
No need to skip the nightcap all together — but do enjoy it in moderation. Data suggests that a blood alcohol concentration of 0.03 may be low enough to not disturb your sleep. (That's between one and two drinks, depending on your gender, weight and how fast you're drinking.) And avoid using alcohol as a sleep aid, according to the National Sleep Foundation.
If you cannot stop hitting the snooze…
Yep, this morning habit is a sneaky and notorious sleep sabateur. Those “precious” extra minutes of sleep you're getting are light and poor quality, Kennedy explained. The bottom line: they'll actually leave you feeling groggier when you do get up. And the later you do finally get out of bed, the harder it'll be to fall asleep when it comes time to turn in that evening, she says.
If you're an extreme night owl...
Sleep experts suspect that most people have a combination of “night owl” and “early bird” tendencies — which can be dictated in a big way by our environment, age and surroundings. But there's also a small percentage of people whose brains have a specific architecture that causes them to be extremely late sleepers and risers or extreme early risers and sleepers. (The prevalence for people with delayed sleep-wake phase disorder is thought to affect 0.1 to three percent of the general population and is more common in adolescents and young adults.)
If your body clock feels slightly off when you want to get up in the morning or call it quits at night, give your body the physiological cues it needs to sleep, Zee says. Avoid light in the evening and eating late — and get out into the sunlight (or other bright light) in the morning and keep your sleep-wake schedule consistent, she says. And if that still doesn't help, a sleep specialist can prescribe various regimens of timed light therapy, physical activity and melatonin to help better align an individual's body clock with their work and social schedule, Zee added.
Want more tips like these? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier, healthier and smarter ways to live. Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Jagapathi Babu
Yes, we are talking about popular Telugu actor Jagapathi Babu, who entered Mollywood in style with the movie Pulimurugan. The actor, who essayed a character named Daddy Girija in Pulimurugan, emerged as a quite popular figure among the Malayalam film audiences. Later, he went on to play an important role in Pranav Mohanlal's debut movie Aadhi as well.
Jagapathi Babu In Mammootty's Upcoming Movie?
Yathra is an upcoming film of Mammootty, which marks the return of the actor to Tollywood after a gap of close to two decades. Mammootty plays the lead role in this film, which is the biopic of former Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy and according to the latest reports Jagapathi Babu is also a part of this movie.
Jagapathi Babu's Role In The Movie
Jagapathi Babu is a much popular face of the Telugu film industry. According to the reports that have surfaced, the popular actor has been roped in to play the role of YS Raja Reddy, the father of YS Rajasekhara Reddy. An official confirmation regarding the same is awaited.
The Shoot Of Yathra
Meanwhile, the shoot of Yathra is currently progressing in Hyderabad. The filming had commenced in the month of June itself. The much awaited film is being directed by young film-maker Mahi Raghav. Further details regarding the cast of the movie are being awaited.
Sawh Volt Inc softball set for La Grange on June 10
La Grange School ground will come alive on June 10 when the Sawh Volt 7-a-side softball cricket competition is being stage. The competition which is being organised by Greg Singh and Imran Hamid will see the winning team taking home a trophy and $100,000 and runner up a trophy and $30,000.
The tournament was set to be played on Sunday last but has been re-scheduled due to the inclement weather.
Entrance fee is $10,000. The man-of-the-match in the final, the player that take the best catch, the best bowler and best batsman in the tournament, bowler that takes the most wickets in an over, most sixes by a batman in an innings, best bowling figure and batman with the highest individual score will all be rewarded.
The first 10 teams will be accepted and among them set to battle for supremacy are Speedboat, Farm XI, Canal, Young Warriors, Meten-Meer-Zorg, Leonora and Success All stars. Action will get under way at 10:00hrs. Teams can contact Hamid on 622-5843.
The great Florida rocker Tom Petty died on October 2, 2017 at the age of 66. Sound Opinions hosts Jim DeRogatis and Greg Kot pay tribute to American musical icon. They revisit a 2003 interview with Petty and explore his background, his songwriting, and his legacy.
Pehredaar Piya Ki has been in controversy ever since it was announced for unusual concept. The viewers are extremely upset as they feel the show's content is 'obnoxious and perverted' and create a negative impact in children.
They had started an online petition which was addressed to Union Cabinet Minister of Textiles and Information and Broadcasting (Additional Charge), Smriti Irani, demanding a ban on the show. It was even said that I&B ministry has taken the matters to the BCCC (Broadcasting content complaints council) seeking immediate action on the plea.
Pehredaar Piya Ki Makers Shashi & Sumeet Mittal Initially, when Shashi Mittal was asked regarding the petition, she refused to comment. But, at the recently held press conference the makers Shashi & Sumeet Mittal have finally broken their silence and clarified their stance. Regarding The Notice When asked if they received any notice from the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, Sakshi was quoted by a leading daily as saying, "No, we haven't received any notice from the authority." Don't Judge The Show Without Watching It! She added that if they get any notice, they are ready to give their explanation as they know that they haven't shown anything wrong in the story. Shashi requested people to not judge the show without watching it. Will The Makers Change The Plot If They Receive Any Notice From BCCC? Sumeet said, "No, we will rather request them to know the content before making any decision. So far, we have no plan to change the plot of the show." The makers feel that people are commenting on the show without watching it. Karan Wahi's Comment Karan Wahi commented against the show, and later deleted it as well. Regarding this Sumeet said, "I think it was irresponsible of him to say that." The Makers To Send A Letter To Karan Wahi … "I will ask my office to send a letter to Karan Wahi, requesting and asking him why he gave a statement like that. If he has something to say, he would also have a reason for it. And If I get an answer from him, I will definitely share it with the media." Regarding Honeymoon Scene In the press conference, the makers also clarified that they are not promoting the child marriage. Regarding honeymoon scene, the makers added that there is no such scene on the show.
They clarified that if they notice, it was Ratan's family who were making fun and insulting Diya for marrying Ratan who is half her age.
Ratan's family members are seen "intentionally creating uncomfortable situations for the couple by decorating a room for their 'suhag raat' and asking Ratan to go for a 'honeymoon'."
But on the show, there are no lovemaking scenes.
For the initiated, Pehredaar Piya Ki is set in the background of Royal Rajasthan. Tejaswi Prakash Wayangankar plays the role of 18-year-old Princess Diya, who marries nine-year-old groom Ratan Singh (played by Afaan Khan) in order to guard him!
Pago Pago, AMERICAN SAMOA — Manu'a #2 Faipule, Rep. Toeaina Faufano Autele told the House of Representatives last week that there are many essential issues lawmakers should bring to the Fono's attention for discussion, instead of wasting their time talking about nonsense issues, over which they know they have no control.
The comment from Toeaina came after Rep. Vailiuama Steve Leasiolagi brought up the issue of the settlement between the US Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) and StarKist Samoa for a violation related to the discharge of wastewater in Pago Pago Harbor.
Vailiuama said that he would like to know if there's a share for the American Samoa Government from this settlement, and if there is — he supports Paramount Chief Mauga Tasi Asuega's statement that if there is such a share for ASG, that money should go straight to the Maoputasi District, because the action of StarKist Samoa took place inside Fagaloa Bay, which is part of that district.
Samoa News should point out that the settlement is for $6.2 million, with ASG to receive $2.6 million in civil penalty, and the rest would go to the federal government. Money for emergency equipment also remains intact in the revised decree, which added ASG to the settlement. Court approval is still pending.
It should also be noted that Mauga, through his attorney wrote directly to the feds asking that the settlement come directly to Maoputasi, and the request was denied. The feds cited lack of legal right for the District to receive the money.
“Since the American Samoan Code [Annotated] is insufficient to provide the [Maoputasi] County with the legal right to seek civil penalties, the United States is not authorized to share penalties with the County,” said Henry S. Friedman, assistant chief of Environmental Enforcement Section of USDOJ in court filings.
Vailiuama's statement about the settlement was a follow up from the hearing between the House Commerce and Economic Development Committee and StarKist last month.
Representatives of StarKist present during the hearing included the President and CEO of StarKist Co. Andrew Choe; General Manager of StarKist Samoa Mr. Sandong Kwon, Vice President Michelle Faist and Taotasi Archie Soliai.
OFFICE OF SAMOAN AFFAIRS ROLE IN GOV'T QUESTIONED
When given the chance to speak, Toeaina pointed out that one of the essential issues that he wanted faipule to address and take action on while they have the chance, is the role of the Office of Samoan Affairs within the American Samoa Government (ASG) system, and why this system is so important to the role of our local villages and districts.
“If we look at the way the United States Government system is set up, we can see from that picture that each section of the government such as the states, district and city are all separate from each other. What we see in our Local Government's system is different because villages and districts all fall under the Office of Samoan Affairs and all movements and action are under the discretion of the Secretary of such office,” Toeaina said.
He said that the Samoan system is unique and straight forward, but because of the way things are run in the ASG system — by letting the Office of Samoan Affairs have control of all villages' and districts' business, not only does it take away the rights and the authority from each village and district to made their own decisions, but it seems like the Secretary of Samoan Affairs is dictating to each village and district what to do.
Toeaina, who is the chairman of the House Judiciary & Legal Affairs Committee, said he would call a hearing with the Secretary of Samoan Affairs, Paramount Chief Mauga Tasi Asuega later on this month, to discuss this issue and many other issues pertaining to the role of Samoan Affairs inside ASG.
He stated that he strongly believes that one of the main reasons why these things happen — giving over of village and district authority to Samoan Affairs — is because most of those who hold high ranking matai titles in each village and district are now employed by the Office of Samoan Affairs. Their employment status with the Office stops them from doing what is right for their village and district.
Tualauta Faipule, Rep. Vui Florence Saulo supported Toeaina's comment about essential issues that lawmakers needs to prioritize, and said it was not the settlement, but instead what ASG and the Fono should do to keep the cannery in American Samoa.
During last month's hearing, Mr. Choe spoke candidly of the problems confronting StarKist Samoa and what needs to happen for the cannery to remain competitive in the global tuna market.
The hearing which lasted for nearly two hours included a PowerPoint representation by the CEO on the operations of the local cannery, its workforce, the products manufactured here and their value, advantages and disadvantages of operating a tuna plant here and factors that are causing StarKist to lose its ability to compete in the global tuna market.
When asked by committee members whether StarKist will continue to remain in the territory, Mr. Choe said that he told StarKist employees that his wish is for StarKist to celebrate its 100th anniversary in American Samoa in 2063.
Speaking about the many challenges the cannery is facing, Mr. Choe said that with more than 70% of the American Samoa economy tied to the tuna industry, a solution to keeping the tuna cannery competitive must also include assistance for business that provide support services for StarKist Samoa.
He said that costs like minimum wage hikes, custom fees, port charges, and utilities should be affordable to the cannery as well as the businesses that support it. He further stated that the recent increases in port fees and the new scanner fees present additional cost to their canning operations.
When asked by Vui during the hearing last month if he had discussed the fees with Governor Lolo M. Moliga, Mr. Choe said yes, he did speak with the governor about the issue and the governor is willing to support them.
He also told the committee that the whole purpose of trying to get assistance from the governor is not about helping StarKist but it's about the overall business industry in American Samoa.
Mr. Choe told representatives that a lot of businesses in American Samoa exist because of StarKist, such as small businesses and stevedoring companies, and without StarKist, these businesses don't operate.
The Green River Police Department says a subject suffered minor injuries after jumping from a moving vehicle following a verbal dispute.
According to police reports, officers of the Green River Police Department responded at about 2:59 p.m. on Tuesday to the area of West Teton Boulevard and Shoshone Avenue for the report of someone who was injured after exiting a moving vehicle.
It was reported that a vehicle was traveling eastbound on Shoshone Avenue and stopped at the intersection with West Teton Boulevard. The vehicle turned south onto West Teton Boulevard when a passenger exited the moving vehicle following a verbal dispute with the driver.
The person who jumped from the vehicle was checked on scene by Castle Rock Ambulance Service. The subject was transported to the hospital for further evaluation and was later released.
No further information on this incident was immediately available.
Photo Credit: Quantrell D. Colbert; © 2018 CTMG, Inc.(NEW YORK) — The American Black Film Festival is making sure it's going to be a “superfly” summer for aspiring filmmakers.
The upcoming Superfly remake, starring Trevor Jackson, is set to premiere at the 2018 ABBF in Miami, Florida.
Directed by Director X, the film will follow the 1972 original, which centers on a drug dealer looking for one more big score before he retires. It stars Jackson as Youngblood, the film's lead, and Mudbound‘s Jason Mitchell as his business partner, Eddie.
The cast also includes Michael K. Williams, who will play Scatter, Lex Scott Davis as Georgia, Andrea Londo as Cynthia, Jacob Ming-Trent as Fat Freddy, and Omar Chapparo as Adalberto.
Superfly, which was initially scheduled to hit theaters June 15, will now launch nationwide on Wednesday, June 13.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A petition calling for a council tax refund following six weeks of bin strike action has attracted TEN THOUSAND signatures from angry residents.
The petition on the change.org website was launched by Conservative councillor Alex Yip after growing anger caused by mountains of black bags and overstuffed wheelie bins lining the city streets.
Industrial action by binmen has severely disrupted collections and even a ward-by-ward blitz has failed to keep the streets cleared of rubbish.
This weekend saw the union Unite threaten to extend the industrial action until Christmas, while Labour council bins boss Lisa Trickett accused the striking binmen of ‘holding the city to ransom'.
Caught in the middle of the bitter dispute are hundreds of thousands of residents whose streets have been blighted by piles of rubbish, foul smells, rats and maggots.
And many have demanded a refund of part of their council tax used to cover the costs of the faltering bin service.
Sharon Gwatkin, of Sutton Coldfield, said: “I have been taking my own rubbish and recycling to tip for weeks now a service I pay Birmingham City Council to do.”
And resident Richard Petford added: “It is an absolute disgrace that there haven't been any collections for the last month. Rats and other vermin are rife in areas where small children play. Personally I think all the workers should be sacked. It makes my blood boil.”
Taxes are not paid for a specific service and there is a legal obligation to pay them.
But Cllr Yip (Cons, Sutton New Hall) posted the petition on the change.org website and hopes to embarrass the council's Labour leadership into a serious debate on the issue which has blighted the city this summer.
He said: “I hope that this will highlight to the Labour controlled council the significant impact that it is having on families, seek to give residents compensation for the substantial inconvenience caused, and focus the leadership's minds on actually serving the city.”
The more people who sign the petition, the more chance the backbencher has of forcing the council leadership a public debate on the bins strike and service.
In an open letter to residents on Friday, cabinet member for bins Lisa Trickett said: “It hasn't been easy, and I know your patience has been tested – we are all fully aware this is one of the few genuinely universal services we provide, so one missed collection is one missed collection too many.”
And added: “We apologise to the people of Birmingham for this situation and we will continue to talk with our trade union colleagues in a bid to try and resolve the dispute as soon as possible.”
Kathrine Herzer has been an actress since she was 10 years old, but her role as Allison McCord on the CBS hit political drama Madam Secretary changed her life. While the California native had small roles in movies such as Mr. and Mrs. Smith and A Lot Like Love, her recurring role alongside stars such as Tea Leoni and Keith Carradine took her career to the next level.
“Madam Secretary is the best,” Herzer told CBS Local in a recent studio interview. “I got the part when I was a junior in high school and I would commute back and forth to New York when we started filming. It's the best group of people to work with and we have these amazing scripts that create this great energy.”
In addition to her work on Madam Secretary, Herzer is also a full time student at New York University. While her schedule has its challenges, the 20-year-old rising star wouldn't change anything.
“It's a lot to balance, but I wouldn't have it any other way,” Herzer said. “There's so much that I get from working and going to school at the same time.”
Season Four of the show will be a big one for the McCord family, as Allison is on her way to college. The new season, which premieres Sunday, October 8th at 10pm eastern on CBS, will feature a more mature and empowered Allison McCord.
“Allison is in such a crazy time in her life because she is going to college. She's venturing into her own world, but the McCord family is so close that it just means that they are all branching out into this new area. I think this bit of independence will give her a lot of power, its an exciting season for her.”
Jagapathi Babu
Yes, we are talking about popular Telugu actor Jagapathi Babu, who entered Mollywood in style with the movie Pulimurugan. The actor, who essayed a character named Daddy Girija in Pulimurugan, emerged as a quite popular figure among the Malayalam film audiences. Later, he went on to play an important role in Pranav Mohanlal's debut movie Aadhi as well.
Jagapathi Babu In Mammootty's Upcoming Movie?
Yathra is an upcoming film of Mammootty, which marks the return of the actor to Tollywood after a gap of close to two decades. Mammootty plays the lead role in this film, which is the biopic of former Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy and according to the latest reports Jagapathi Babu is also a part of this movie.
Jagapathi Babu's Role In The Movie
Jagapathi Babu is a much popular face of the Telugu film industry. According to the reports that have surfaced, the popular actor has been roped in to play the role of YS Raja Reddy, the father of YS Rajasekhara Reddy. An official confirmation regarding the same is awaited.
The Shoot Of Yathra
Meanwhile, the shoot of Yathra is currently progressing in Hyderabad. The filming had commenced in the month of June itself. The much awaited film is being directed by young film-maker Mahi Raghav. Further details regarding the cast of the movie are being awaited.
Edward Shukovsky, DMD has received Diplomate designation and certification through the American Board of Sleep and Breathing
STAMFORD, CT--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Dr. Edward Shukovsky was recently named a Diplomate of the American Sleep and Breathing Academy (ASBA), meaning he has demonstrated strong proficiency in the area of dental sleep medicine (treating sleep disorders such as sleep apnea and snoring). This classification comes along with certification from the American Board of Sleep and Breathing. To earn this title, the Stamford dentist was required to complete at least 50 hours of continuing education, in addition to passing an exam and providing evidence of successful treatment for a variety of patient types. Snoring and/or sleep apnea treatment submitted for consideration had to have been completed within the past five years, and continuing education hours were required to be from the past two years.
Dr. Shukovsky says specializing in treatment for sleep apnea and snoring is important to him, explaining, "It is a real feeling of accomplishment to help a patient sleep better, reduce or eliminate snoring that can affect a relationship and, thereby, provide a more wakeful, rested daytime experience." He notes that while other dentists may be able to create oral appliances for their patients suffering from similar breathing issues, his board certification and Diplomate status sets him apart by allowing him to better understand the complexities of these conditions, ultimately leading to more effective treatment. Additionally, he says this designation lets patients know he utilizes the most advanced treatments and technologies available.
The American Board of Sleep and Breathing provides certification and Diplomate status to licensed dentists who have met the stringent requirements set forth by the ASBA. The title is intended to help individuals with sleep disorders identify trusted dentists who have displayed extensive experience and skill in the field of dental sleep medicine, says Dr. Shukovsky. He encourages anyone who is seeking treatment for snoring and/or sleep apnea to conduct thorough research in order to locate a dentist who can best meet their needs.
Looking to the future, Dr. Shukovsky speaks to his own knowledge on the subject, noting, "I fully expect to continue my studies with advanced seminars and annual meetings. This is an ever-changing discipline and it is imperative to keep up."
About Edward Shukovsky, DMD
Stamford dentist Dr. Edward Shukovsky is the head of his own private dental practice, where he offers treatment for snoring and sleep apnea, in addition to general, restorative, and cosmetic dentistry. Dr. Shukovsky has trained at the prestigious Hornbrook Group, as well as the Aesthetic Masters, and is a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania, School of Dental Medicine. He is a member of several distinguished professional organizations, including the American Academy of Dental Sleep Medicine, the American Dental Association, the Dental Organization for Conscious Sedation, and the American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry. Dr. Shukovsky is available for interview upon request.
For more information about Dr. Shukovsky and his practice, please visit sleepbetterct.com, smilesct.com, and facebook.com/EdwardShukovskyDMD.
To view the original source of this press release, click here: https://www.smilesct.com/news-room/stamford-dentist-earns-diplomate-status-with-the-american-sleep-and-breathing-academy
I remember the first time I heard someone use the cliche about thinking outside the box. It was the end of the 1990's, and I was in a senior level advanced technical writing class.
I had returned to school in the beginning of the decade after the unexpected but blessed arrival of my oldest son. I was trying to bring some respectability to my whole unwed, single bartender mom storyline.
Not really knowing what I wanted to do with my life besides be a good mom and get a couple initials to complement my high school diploma, I decided an English degree would be the path of the least resistance to that end. I'd always had a knack for reading, writing, communication, etc.
And pursuit of that degree had provided a path of relatively little resistance until that fateful class. My mastery of BS'ing my way through endless Shakespeare essays was useless when it came to writing technical manuals.
I felt like I was trapped in an advanced mathematic or engineering class disguised as an upper level English course, and I was floundering.
So the professor had just handed out the paperwork related to our major project for the semester and was going over them as the class lecture. I was scanning and feeling immediately overwhelmed — the kind of overwhelmed that makes it hard to pay attention when you really need to be paying attention the most.
Suddenly I hear the professor say that we need to remember to think outside the box with this assignment. My immediate thought was quite literal: What box?! I didn't see anything about boxes in the paperwork … what is she talking about and what did I miss?!
As I forced myself to hang on her every word for a few minutes, I began to realize she was speaking figuratively, which led to my next thought not that different from the first: What box?! Who the hell started a cliche comparing the human thought process to a box?
And why a box? Why not a sphere or any other shape since the shape in the cliche doesn't particular matter to its meaning? (Obviously my distracted thought process during her lectures may have contributed to my floundering, but as usual I digress …)
Why tell this story of epic fumbling through part of my life? Because not too many years later I had the same epiphany concerning our our left/right framework for politics and promptly withdrew from the Democratic party.
Why do two diametrically opposed ideologies control our political process and policy? Why is the left/right debate more important than just solving our problems?
Does anyone really believe that either ideology, left to its own devices, is sufficient enough to solve the world's problems? I know I don't.
Citizens can't afford to enable that counterproductive ideology war anymore, and the news cycle is rich with evidence of such.
Like the Katadhin Woods and Waters Monument debacle. Supporters pushed hard for the designation in the waning months of the Obama administration. Now opponents are pushing hard for the designation to be rescinded in the opening days of the Trump administration.
Now we've got federal officials spending tax dollars flying around doing reviews of Obama designations, and we've got our attorney general threatening to sue if the designation is rescinded — all of which amounts to a ginormous waste of time and a reopening of wounds created by the left/right tug-of-war.
The same script applies to the handling of health care. Under the Obama administration congressional Democrats crafted the Affordable Care Act behind closed doors with little Republican support. This act created the inevitable backlash fueling congressional Republicans to do the same thing now that they are in power.
Neither side has produced a health care plan that ensures health care coverage for all citizens, something 60 percent of Americans support.
Legislating by ideological pendulum swings isn't sustainable regardless of the issue at hand, nor does such legislating lead to the kind of progress citizens desperately need. It's time we started to think outside that box.
The Segerstrom Center for the Arts premiere of “Le Spectre de la Rose” by Michel Fokine will be performed by Mariinsky Ballet Oct. 12. (Photo by Natasha Razina)
The Segerstrom Center for the Arts premiere of “Le Spectre de la Rose” by Michel Fokine will be performed by Mariinsky Ballet Oct. 12. (Photo by Natasha Razina)
The Segerstrom Center for the Arts premiere of “Le Spectre de la Rose” by Michel Fokine will be performed by Mariinsky Ballet Oct. 12. (Photo by Natasha Razina)
The Mariinsky Ballet will perform Michel Fokine's “Chopiniana” at Segerstrom Center for the Arts OCt. 12-15. (Photo by Natasha Razina)
Michel Fokine's classic work “The Swan” also known as “The Dying Swan” will be performed by the Mariinsky Ballet on Oct. 12-15 at Segerstrom Center for the Arts. (Photo by Natasha Razina)
The Mariinsky Ballet will perform Michel Fokine's “Chopiniana” at Segerstrom Center for the Arts OCt. 12-15. (Photo by Natasha Razina)
The Mariinsky Ballet will perform Michel Fokine's “Chopiniana” at Segerstrom Center for the Arts OCt. 12-15. (Photo by Natasha Razina)
The Mariinsky Ballet will perform Michel Fokine's “Chopiniana” at Segerstrom Center for the Arts OCt. 12-15. (Photo by Natasha Razina)
Michel Fokine's classic work “The Swan” also known as “The Dying Swan” will be performed by the Mariinsky Ballet on Oct. 12-15 at Segerstrom Center for the Arts. (Photo by Natasha Razina)
The Mariinsky Ballet will perform “Scheherazade” based on the Arabian tale “One Thousand and One Nights” at Segerstrom Center for the Arts Oct. 12-15. (Photo by Natasha Razina)
The Mariinsky Ballet will perform “Scheherazade” based on the Arabian tale “One Thousand and One Nights” at Segerstrom Center for the Arts Oct. 12-15. (Photo by Natasha Razina)
Michel Fokine's classic work “The Swan” also known as “The Dying Swan” will be performed by the Mariinsky Ballet on Oct. 12-15 at Segerstrom Center for the Arts. (Photo by Natasha Razina)
The Mariinsky Ballet will perform “Scheherazade” based on the Arabian tale “One Thousand and One Nights” at Segerstrom Center for the Arts Oct. 12-15. (Photo by Natasha Razina)
Spirits, dreams, swans and an Arabian tale. These subjects do not seem out of place when it comes to the subjects of ballet but more than 100 years ago, when one of the most influential choreographers of the 20th century Michel Fokine was creating new works, the ideas were revolutionary.
But today, they are classics.
For more than two centuries, the Mariinsky Ballet from St. Petersburg, Russia has created classical dance at its best and that tradition continues.
On Thursday, Oct. 12, the company returns to Segerstrom Center for the Arts with an homage to Fokine in a repertory presentation of four classic works including “Le Spectre de la Rose” (1911) which will be performed at Segerstrom for the first time.
These works are fixtures in ballet history, but presenting a program that honors a Russian dancer from the 1900s doesn't mean Mariinsky is stuck in a bygone era.
The recent promotion of dancer Xander Parish – the first British dancer to join Mariinsky – to the highest rank of principal shows the company is ever-evolving.
Parish, 31, who will perform “Chopiniana” on opening night, was hand-picked out of the corps de ballet at the Royal Ballet by Mariinsky's acting ballet director Yuri Fateev.
The offer from Mariinsky was a surprise to Parish, who said he had never danced a solo or a pa de deux at the Royal Ballet. He even turned down the job at first because he did not believe they wanted him.
In January, Parish will have been with the Mariinsky for eight years and he said he is honored to have risen through the ranks with the elite company.
“It's quite difficult to adequately sum up what this honor means to me, especially as someone who came from outside,” said Parish. “I hope it marks my graduation from the past seven years of learning the Russian style to becoming a leading dancer which Mr. Fateev saw the potential in me to become. … I no longer feel like a foreigner in the Mariinsky, but a part of the family.”
When Parish performs “Chopiniana” at Segerstrom on Thursday night he will remember the first time he performed the piece with company as it was the first role he was given upon arriving at Mariinsky.
“I'd never so much as done a solo while I had been working the Royal Ballet so to be given this was something extraordinary,” Parish said. “It was like going from having an imaginary rocket to suddenly being given a real one to try out. … Even now, when the curtain goes up on “Chopiniana” I remember that very first time I saw the gold leaf of the Mariinsky's auditorium glowing back at me and I'll never forget it. So magical.”
Parish and the other dancers are sure to bring some of this magic to the stage with their tribute to Fokine.
In addition to “Chopiniana” and the Segerstrom premiere of “Le Spectre de la Rose” the program includes “The Swan,” originally created for Anna Pavlova and often called “The Dying Swan,” and the exotic “Schéhérazade” based on the Arabian fairytale “One Thousand and One Nights.”
Parish sees merit in the Mariinsky presenting the works of Fokine because of the choreographer's long history with the company.
“I think there's a testament to the Mariinsky's soul from which (Fokine) was born. This is why his works fit the Mariinsky Ballet so beautifully.”
Mariinsky Ballet
When: Thursday, Oct. 12-Sunday, Oct. 15
Where: Segerstrom Center for the Arts, 600 Town Center Dr., Costa Mesa
Tickets: $29-$159
Information: 714-556-2787 or scfta.org
Neha Says Her Celebrity Guests Are Brighter Than Her
She further added, "But trust me they are all brighter than me. They know how to swerve around them. Season 2 was more interesting as we used a different way of doing it and were fortunate enough to not repeat the guests."
Neha Wants SRK In Season 3 Of Her Talk Show
"Everyone who was on my wishlist on season 1 and season 2 has appeared. If I have a third season, I definitely want Shah Rukh Khan to come because I want to have a conversation with that man on record."
SRK & Sex Sell: Neha
Neha once made a statement 'SRK & Sex sell'. When asked if she would say the same, she said, "I think a lot of things are changing, but that still doesn't take away from the fact that SRK and sex sell!"
Neha On Hosting BFFs With Vogue
"I always consider myself a rank outsider, I am not from the business, so for someone like me just to wake up and do work that I love is the most exciting thing. I like being in conversation - it's like asking a cricketer to do cricket commentary."
Neha On Guests Like Karan & Shweta
"Listening to people and hearing their stories is something that I genuinely enjoy. It comes organically, it is not forced.
The other exciting part are the guests. I know most of them like Karan and Shweta (Bachchan) Nanda and while talking to them at one point, I forgot the camera. I just sat on the lounge and chilled with them."
Neha Finds Her Job Flattering
"But there are some celebrities like Juhi Chawla, Radhika Apte and Rani Mukerji, who I have been a fan of, but hadn't met, and it was great interacting with them.
Also, I don't see many women, especially of my age, hosting a talk show.
Usually the talk show hosts are much older and a little bit of overachievers which is a pre-requisite. I don't fit into that category. So for me to be able to host such a show is flattering."
Contact Editor Melody Vallieu at mvallieu@aimmediamidwest.com or by phone at (937) 552-2131 to list your free calendar items for nonprofit events
Today
• BELL RINGERS: Senior citizens can attend a special performance of the Riverside Bell Ringers, under the direction of Diane Cerbus, from 1-2 p.m. at the Salvation Army, 129 S. Wayne St., Piqua, in the gymnasium. A harp player also will be included in this show. There will be light refreshments following. Any senior citizen ages 55 and up may attend by calling 773-7563 to make a reservation.
• OVEREATERS ANONYMOUS: An Overeaters Anonymous meet will be held from 6:30-7:30 p.m. in the downstairs community room of the Troy-Miami County Public Library. There are no fees or dues, this meeting is for anyone who has the desire to quit eating compulsively.
• KIWANIS: The Piqua Kiwanis will meet at noon at Grace Methodist Church, 9411 N. County Road 25-A, Piqua. This will be a working meeting and member spotlight. Reservations are required by noon on the Monday prior to each meeting. For more information, call Brian Phillips (778-1586) or visit www.piquakiwanis.org.
• LINE DANCING: The Tipp City Seniors will have line dancing at 10 a.m. at the center, 320 S. First St., Tipp City.
• KIWANIS: The Kiwanis of Troy will host their prospective members luncheon at noon at the Troy Country Club. Anyone interested in joining Kiwanis can contact Donn Craig at 418-1888.
• SLIDERS: The Tipp City American Legion Post 586 will offer two sliders with toppings and chips beginning at 6 p.m. for $2.
Thursday
• CARRY-IN: The Tipp City Seniors will have a carry-in luncheon at noon at the center, 320 S. First St., Tipp City.
• KICK-OFF TO SUMMER: Join Brukner Nature Center at Cold Stone Creamery, 1187 Experiment Farm Road, Troy, from 6-9 p.m. for a “Kick-off to Summer.” Come treat yourself to some ice cream while helping the center's wildlife ambassadors. Cold Stone Creamery will donate a percentage of all sales to Brukner Nature Center and no flier is needed. Participants also will get a chance to meet one of the center's wildlife ambassadors up close and personal from 6-8:30 p.m.
• HOT DOGS: The Tipp City American Legion Post 586 will offer a hot dog bar with toppings and chips for $4. Serving begins at 6 p.m.
Friday
• SUMMER READING: The “Libraries Rock” Summer Reading Program begins today at the Troy-Miami County Public Library. Get ready to rock your summer with fun challenges, interesting programs, and exciting prizes for all ages. Staff will wrap up the summer with the Rockin' Block Party on Aug. 2 from 5-8 p.m. Call the library at 698-5515 or visit www.mupubliclibrary.org for more information.
• FRIDAY DINNERS: The Covington VFW 4235, 173 N. High St., Covington, will offer steaks, broasted chicken, assorted sandwiches and sides from 5-8 p.m.
• CHICKEN FRY: The Pleasant Hill VFW Post 6557, 7578 W. Fenner Road, Ludlow Falls, will offer a three-piece chicken dinner with French fries and macaroni salad for $8 and up from 6-7:30 p.m. Chicken livers are also available.
• BLOOD DRIVE: Donors can help “Build a Better Blood Supply” during the Memorial Day holiday week and get a chance to win a home improvement make-over by supporting the Voss Honda Tipp City community blood drive from 10 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. The Community Blood Center Bloodmobile will be at 155 S. Garber Drive. Everyone who registers to donate will receive the May Military Appreciation Month “Gave in the USA” T-shirt. Everyone 18 and older will be automatically entered in the CBC “Build a Better Blood Supply Summer Blood Drive” drawing to win a $5,000 home improvement gift card.
• FISH OR CHICKEN: Fish and/or chicken tenders, French fries, hush puppies, coleslaw and dessert will be offered at the Tipp City American Legion Post 586. Serving begins at 6 p.m. for $8 for adults, $3 for children 10 and under.
• COMMUNITY NIGHT: The Community Night Summer Concert Series kicks off its 27th season in downtown Tipp City at the corner of North Second at Main streets. The evening of free music will begin at 6:15 .m. with Scott Lee followed by Berachah Valley at 7:30 p.m.
• BINGO: Bingo will be offered at the Piqua YMCA's Senior Center at 10 a.m., with a lunch and learn to follow.
Saturday
• FARMERS MARKET: The Miami County's Farmer Market will be offered from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. in the Lowe's parking lot. Bedding plants, fruit, vegetables, maple syrup and more will be offered.
• TENDERLOINS: The Pleasant Hill VFW Post 6557, 7578 W. Fenner Road, Ludlow Falls, will offer grilled or fried tenderloin sandwiches with homemade french fries for $6 from 5-7:30 p.m. Tractor pulls will be at 2 p.m., with hamburgers available on the range.
• KARAOKE: Karaoke begins at 7 p.m. at the Tipp City American Legion Post 586.
Sunday
• KAYAK TRYOUTS: The second annual kayak tryouts will be from 1-5 p.m. at Kiser Lake Beach. At 2 p.m., there will be a safety talk on gear, equipment and boat safety; at 3 p.m., river safety will be the focus; and at 4 p.m., there will be a repeat of the 2 p.m. talk. This is open to the public at no charge, but donations are being accepted and donated to the Johnson St. Paris Fire Department for water rescue equipment. Demonstrations also will be offered by the Johnson St. Paris Fire Department.
• CEMETERY WALK: “If Tombstones Could Talk” cemetery walk, a free event sponsored by the Tippecanoe Historical Society, will be at Maple Hill Cemetery on South Hyatt Street in Tipp City from 5-7 p.m. Rain date will be June 10, same times. This year the locations are a little scattered, but participants are welcome to drive from spot to spot, but must be sure to leave the driveways open for passing traffic. Maps will be available with the location of each presentation. The characters portrayed are: John Purcell and Dorothy Purcell portrayed by Jim and Denise Hooper; Thomas Hartley portrayed by Ron Re'; Miss Mae Messick portrayed by Susan Furlong and Edna Messick portrayed by Marilee Lake; Miss Ann Keppel portrayed by Pam Liebhard; and Mary Kyle Michael portrayed by her niece Kate Johnsen. For more information, call Susie Spitler at 698-6798 or Gordon Pittenger at 667-3051.
• BREAKFAST: The public is invited to breakfast at the Tipp City American Legion Post 586, 377 N. Third St. This is a full breakfast, cooked-to-order, serving from 8-11 a.m. for $7 for adults, children 10 and under eat for $3.
Monday
• READING ROCKERS: Come for the story, stay for the adventure on Mondays at the Milton-Union Public Library. This nine-week program for third through sixth graders will be held outdoors with participants reading aloud “A World Below,” by Wesley King. The interactive story time includes props, maps, and other items to make the story come alive. Light refreshments will be provided. No registration necessary.
• SUBS: Sub sandwiches with chips will be available at the Tipp City American Legion Post 586. Serving begins at 6 p.m. for $5.
Tuesday
• QUARTER AUCTION: The Tipp City American Legion Post 586 will host a quarter auction at 7 p.m. Auction numbers will be available for purchase and food will be offered from 5:30-8:30 p.m.
• KICK OFF: Come enjoy a family-friendly concert at the Treasure Island Amphitheatre, 419 N. Elm St., at 7:30 p.m. The Corndrinkers and their old-time traditional country music featuring twin fiddles, banjo, guitar and bass will kick off this year's Troy-Miami County Public Library Summer Reading Challenge, “Libraries Rock!” Beginning at 8 p.m., the family fun will continue with face painting, a visit from the Chick-fil-A cow, the Bookmobile, outdoor games, and the outdoor movie Rocket Dog, rated PG and 90 minutes, begins at dusk. Beckstrom Orthodontics will provide popcorn and water. Call the library at 339-0502, Ext. 121, or visit tmcpl.org for more information.
• BUG LAB: Are you ready to get groovy and kick off the “Libraries Rock!” Summer Reading Challenge? Join staff at 6:30 p.m. for The Bug Lab Experience at the Pleasant Hill Library, 12 N. Main St., Pleasant Hill. Dr. Insecta will get you dancing, singing, and learning about the fantastic “Bugs” that help our earth keep jammin' on. Fun for all ages. No registration required. Call the library at 676-2731 for more information.
• EUCHRE: Euchre will be offered at 10 a.m. at the Piqua branch of the YMCA's Senior Center. Exercise will be offered prior at 9:30 a.m.
June 6
• LECTURE SERIES: James Armstead, a humanities scholar who performs as Benjamin O. Davis at Ohio Chautauqua sites, will visit the WACO Air Museum at 1 p.m. to present his free workshop titled, “The Airplane, Flying the 20th Century.” Both youth and adults will find this to be of interest. There is no charge for the event and parking is free. Seating begins at 12:30 p.m. and the program is scheduled to last one hour. It will be held in the Willis Wing of the WACO Air Museum at 1865 S. County Road 25-A, Troy. For more information, visit ohiohumanities.org. or call WACO Air Museum at 937-335-9226.
• D-DAY PRESENTATION: Meet Marion Adams, serving that historic day in the US Navy as a radio operator on an LST — Landing Ship Tank. Adams will help speak as participants celebrate Operation Overlord, the name given for the Normandy Invasion, at the Miami Valley Veterans Museum's monthly coffee and doughuts, at 9 a.m. Inspired by all this activity, Diana Spitler also produced a promotional presentation for USS LST 325 that was viewed by the French Parliament. Her latest documentary, “Write When You Can” was eight years in the making. Diana also created a one-hour presentation focusing entirely on her Uncle Marion Adams' experiences in the Navy. The ”67 Quilters also will present original quilts to veterans. The museum is located one block west of the square, second floor of the Masonic Lodge, 107 W. Main St., Troy, and an elevator is available. For more information, call (937) 332-8852 or visit miamivalleyveteransmuseum.com.
• KIWANIS: The Piqua Kiwanis will meet from 5:30-7 p.m. at El Herradero Mexican Grill, 1598 Covington Ave. For more information, call Brian Phillips (778-1586) or visit the website: www.piquakiwanis.org.
• NATURE ROCKS: Join staff at the Pleasant Hill Library and the Miami County Parks District at 1:30 p.m. at Speagh Park, located near the soccer fields at 201 Long St., Pleasant Hill, for a Nature Rocks Storybook Trail. Follow the trail enjoying a story, exploring nature, and complete requirements of the Quest Program to earn gemstone rocks, arrowheads, fossil shark teeth, geodes and more. For all ages. No registration required. Call (937) 676-2731 for more information, the Oakes-Beitman Memorial Library is located at 12 N. Main St., Pleasant Hill.
June 7
• ICE CREAM: A homemade ice cream social will be offered from 5-7 p.m. at Greenville Creek Christian Church, 5110 Buckneck Road, Bradford. Four flavors of ice cream, along with a variety of sandwiches, drinks, cake and pie will be offered.
• LUNCHEON: All former employees of Piqua Memorial Hospital are invited to the quarterly luncheon at 11:30 a.m. at Buffalo Jacks, 137 S. High St., Covington. Reservations are not required as participants will order off the menu. For more information, call Nancy at (937) 473 3337 or Judy at (937) 214 2036.
• PAINTING: A painting fundraiser will be at 630 p.m. at the A.B. Graham Memorial Center, 8025 E. U.S. Route 36, Conover. The event is $35 pre-sale and $45 at the door. For pre-sale tickets and more information, call Mary Rose at 214-5562 or Carol at 214-0159 or go to https://squareup.com/store/you-can-do-it-5.
• CHESS CLUB: Join others for a game of chess at 6:30 p.m. at the Troy-Miami County Public Library, 419 W. Main St., Troy. Spend the summer learning a new skill or improving your game. Chess Club is open to all skill levels and age. Chess club is on the first Thursday of the month, and additional sessions are planned for July 5 and Aug. 2. For more information, call 339-0502, Ext. 127, or visit www.tmcpl.org.
June 8
• FRIDAY DINNERS: The Covington VFW 4235, 173 N. High St., Covington, will offer steaks, broasted chicken, assorted sandwiches and sides from 5-8 p.m.
• BLOOD DRIVE: Donors can help “Build a Better Blood Supply” this summer and get a chance to win a home improvement make-over by supporting the Troy-Miami County Public Library community blood drive from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. The Community Blood Center Bloodmobile will be at 419 W. Main St. Everyone who registers to donate will receive the May Military Appreciation Month “Gave in the USA” T-shirt. Everyone 18 and older will be automatically entered in the CBC “Build a Better Blood Supply Summer Blood Drive” drawing to win a $5,000 home improvement gift card. Donors are encouraged to schedule an appointment online at www.DonorTime.com or call (800) 388-GIVE.
• BINGO: Bingo will be offered at the Piqua YMCA's Senior Center at 10 a.m., with a lunch and learn to follow.
http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/05/web1_Vallieu-Melody-24.jpg
