","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833291","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833291","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833291","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833291","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Robin van Persie says he is considering his future in football even after a starring role for Feyenoord as they won the Dutch Cup with a 3-0 win over AZ Alkmaar in Sunday's final.The 34-year-old forward scored a stunning second goal with a chip over the goalkeeper from an acute angle for the club he rejoined in January after spells at Arsenal, Manchester United and Fenerbahce.It was Van Persie's first major trophy in Dutch football, who has since said he is not sure he wants to continue."I'm going to think about it over the next weeks and sit down with Feyenoord to discuss. Sometimes I feel I'd like to go on for five, six more years," he told Dutch television."But then there is the other side, where I find it hard to prepare for a game. It has to do with my age and with my body."I've tried to keep up a maximum intensity and I've been happy with the way things have gone in the last five months since I joined Feyenoord," he added."Maybe the solution for me is not to play full matches anymore."Reacting to the interview, Feyenoord coach Giovanni van Bronckhorst said the club would seek to have Van Persie back for next season."He is of enormous value to us and we want him to stay," Van Bronckhorst said.
“The noir hero is a knight in blood caked armour.
He's dirty and he does his best to deny the fact that he's a hero the whole time.
”
–Frank Miller
The traditional image of a knight, as perceived by us through books, movies, shows and historical incidents, is that of a strong iron-wearing courageous man who perseveres on the side of bravery despite all odds being stacked against them.
Amongst those knighted, there is a certain percentage of music legends.
Being knighted for contributing greatly to the music industry as well as being politically active and charitable was the criteria.
It was perhaps the most important non-music related award they got.
Amongst those knighted was Paul McCartney, the band member of the famous Beatles, due to his opposition to fox hunting, which ironically was carried out by most aristocracies.
David Bowie was also offered knighthood but he rejected it due to his belief of not working for prestigious gains but for the self-satisfaction he got doing what he loved.
Bob Geldof was another musician who was knighted due to his work for famine relief for which he even held Live Aid concerts.
Other artists that were knighted include Sir Mick Jagger, Sir Elton John and Sir Tom Jones all for their efforts of making the world a better place musically and otherwise.
The debate over bump stocks is an excellent illustration of two competing models of political strategy. Here's why, and which one seems to be winning.
First, some quick background. One of the key ways to make guns more effective – and lethal – against large numbers of people is to increase their rate of fire. In the era when the Second Amendment was written in 1791, this was mostly a loading issue: the dominant weapon was the muzzle-loaded musket, which could be so slow to reload (by standing it up and stuffing the projectile down the barrel) that New York militia fighting Mohawk and Seneca warriors at the Battle of Oriskany had to fight in alternating pairs to fend off being tomahawked while reloading. But the British had already introduced the Ferguson rifle, an early breech-loaded weapon (i.e., loaded from the side, not down the barrel), and there were early variants of the repeating rifle (which allowed multiple rounds to be loaded at once) in scattered use in Europe. Neither would become practical for mass production until the mid-19th Century, but technology was already on the march.
Today, in addition to debates over the size of magazines used to reload weapons, there are other innovations: many guns on the civilian market are semi-automatic (meaning they automatically put a new bullet in the chamber after firing), while it's expensive, complex and nearly impossible to legally obtain guns that are fully automatic (meaning the shooter can release bursts of fire without having to keep pulling the trigger for each individual shot). There are some grandfathering loopholes in the ban on full-auto guns, but as a practical matter, legal automatic weapons are so rare that they're known to have been used in a total of three crimes in the United States since 1934.
A bump-fire stock or bump stock is a device that can simulate a fully automatic rate of fire on a semi-automatic rifle, by using the “bump” energy from the recoil of the rifle to force the trigger finger back to the trigger. The Las Vegas shooter reportedly used one. If you think Congress was right to ban automatic weapons, you should have no quarrel with also banning bump stocks, whose only purpose is to make semi-automatic rifles fire more like automatic ones. But the policy debate is really a sideshow; even advocates of a ban recognize that bump stocks don't fully simulate automatic rates of fire, and do so at the cost of accuracy, plus they are so easy to build on your own that a 3-D printed version was introduced and circulated on the web in 2013. A ban is thus pretty small potatoes one way or another, but it's a symbolic step.
It's the symbolism that's illustrates the divide on the Right over measures like this one. There are really two schools of thought when it comes to political and legislative strategy in America's two-party system. One, which I have argued in favor of for years, is the “high ground” strategy: pick your battles or have them picked for you, always seek the most defensible turf to choose battles that unify your side and divide the opponent, and make your pitch to the unconverted middle as to why your side's approach is reasonable. This is a strategy that treats persuasion as paramount.
Part of the high ground strategy knows when and how to give ground. Sometimes, you give ground in two-sided deals, but sometimes you also make concessions on your own that don't cost you that much and show the uncommitted voters that the ground you do stand firm on is reasonable. You see the other side's wedge issues (i.e., issues where your own coalition is divided and the swing voters are against you) and disarm them by modest strategic retreats. And conversely, when you go on the offensive, you seek out wedges that force the other side to choose between retreating and looking unreasonable. Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush were both practitioners of high-ground strategy, as have been many popular and successful Republican governors and mayors; Newt Gingrich was for years an evangelist of its dynamics, even if he was not always that effective in sticking to the theory in practice. Bill Clinton, on the Democratic side, was a master of the form. In military terms, the classic high-ground campaign was George Washington's approach in the Revolution: strategic retreat and giving battle only when the terms were favorable.
The alternative view, which has gained a lot of currency on the Right in the Age of Trump (and gained a lot of currency on the Left after the 2006 elections), is the “not one inch” strategy. The “not one inch” strategy starts with the view that politics is mainly about mobilization, rather than persuasion; you run on your base and focus on turnout, and to the extent that swing voters matter, they will mostly go back and forth due to external events and trends anyway. Thus, looking reasonable or even trying to convince anyone of the merits of your arguments is pointless; what matters is the dynamics of power and showing that you are strong and always fighting for your side. The “not one inch” strategy turns heavily on the primacy of morale: by forcing the other side to fight to the death for everything, no matter how modest, you wear them down, drain their energy and resources, and keep your own people engaged and feeling successful. In military terms, the model is the Soviet defense of Stalingrad, where commanders shot their own men if they fell back even slightly, and bled the enemy whiter than themselves, until the invaders had nothing more to throw at them. A legislative “not one inch” strategy also takes as a given that even small, reasonable concessions will be cited against you, politically and perhaps in litigation, the next time the other side comes back for more:
We all know the drill here: you give a Democrat an inch and they take several hundred miles. Bump stocks are banned, but what about so-called high-capacity magazines? Why not military-looking rifles? Why not certain types of ammunition? Why not placing limits on how many guns you can buy? Why not a ban on firearms? This is the road we're going to go down with these people. We all see their allies on the anti-gun Left; they want to end gun ownership. They want to gut the Second Amendment and put our Constitution through the shredder…There's talk from the Left about the cumulative effect of anti-gun legislation having an impact on reducing gun violence…[There are] numerous, smaller scale, and more targeted ways of combating gun crime, but the Left won't like it because it doesn't chip away at gun rights. There is no downside whatsoever to not passing, or even blocking, more redundant gun control laws. Working with Democrats on gun policy is a very dangerous game; Republicans should avoid working with them altogether on this issue. We all know what their end goal is and it's not just expanded background checks.
A corollary is the view that your position in any negotiation should be so maximalist and extreme that you end up where you'd like to have started, after exhausting your adversary. This is more or less the approach to negotiation that Donald Trump espoused in Art of the Deal and deployed throughout his business career – but of course, one that worked for him in part because of his willingness to let particular enterprises crash, burn and go bankrupt.
Guns are such a flashpoint for this broader debate over strategy for a reason: for two decades now, the pro-gun-rights forces have mostly stuck to a “not one inch” strategy, and they have been vastly more successful at this (in court as well as Congress and the state legislatures) than any other group in the GOP coalition. Talk to pro-lifers, or spending cutters, or foes of Big Regulation, or immigration hawks, or defenders of traditional marriage and culture, or even tax cutters, and you hear endlessly complaints that “all we ever do is lose” and “we elect people and they don't deliver, they don't even try.” But on guns, the stubborn root-and-branch resistance to anything proposed by pro-gun-control forces has been hugely successful, ranging from the recognition of an individual Constitutional right by the Supreme Court in 2008 to the expiration of the assault weapons ban to the passage of many new state laws on subjects like concealed-carry. The best analogy on the Left would be the press for same-sex marriage, in which a maximalist strategy of rejecting compromise, demanding a national, top-down solution from the Court, and deploying the government against individual dissenters has thus far moved the needle very far in an astonishingly short number of years (although imitating that strategy would be perilous without considering the role of popular culture figures in doing the heavy lifting of persuasion on the issue).
I continue to believe that a high-ground strategy is, on balance, the better approach for a political movement that actually expects to win majorities and converts over time. The not-one-inchers have a point on guns: the strategy so far has worked. But the number of Republican Senators and Congressmen lining up to support a bump stocks ban, while still modest, suggests that they prefer to seek the (symbolic) high ground this time. We'll see if they find it safer than the trenches.
The Ephesus-Mimas Route, which traverses the Aegean province of Izmir, provides a picturesque journey for travelers seeking to explore 8,000 years of Turkey's history and culture.
The 709-kilometer (441-mile) route is a network of 49 walking and cycling trails that connects six of western Turkey's ancient Ionian cities: Ephesus (Ephesus-Selçuk), Kolophon (Değirmendere-Menderes), Lebedos (Ürkmez-Seferihisar), Teos (Sığacık- Seferihisar), Klazomenai (Urla) and Erythrai (Ildırı-Çeşme).
The trail begins in front of the Temple of Artemis in the ancient city of Ephesus, passes through Seferihisar, Güzelbahçe, Urla, Çeşme districts, and ends in Mimas, known today as Karaburun.
Explore 8,000 years of history on the Turkey's Ephesus-Mimas Route Explore 8,000 years of history on the Turkey's Ephesus-Mimas Route Explore 8,000 years of history on the Turkey's Ephesus-Mimas Route Explore 8,000 years of history on the Turkey's Ephesus-Mimas Route Explore 8,000 years of history on the Turkey's Ephesus-Mimas Route Explore 8,000 years of history on the Turkey's Ephesus-Mimas Route
The route follows the paths that connected the ancient city-states, establishing trade and cultural exchanges, Turkey Mountaineering Federation Vice President Ertuğrul Tugay said.
"Our goal when preparing the project was to restore those roads connecting the six Ionian cities on the Izmir Peninsula and present them to today's users," Tugay said.
Along with ancient sites, the route passes through olive groves, vineyards, meadows and fishing villages, varying in terrain from asphalt, dirt roads, grassy paths and sandy beaches. Aegean vistas provide respite for occasional steep slopes along the trail.
Notable stops along the route include the coastal neighborhoods of Urla's Pier and Çeşmealtı. In the ancient city of Klazomenai, travelers can visit the world's first large-scale olive oil press, which dates back to the 6th century B.C. And, the ancient port city of Ephesus, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, is a wealth of Greek history with its Library of Celsus, amphitheater and dozens of other restored structures.
Bicyclists can enjoy 773 km (480 mi) of trails along the route. The 190 km (118 mi) stretch between Çeşme port and the Temple of Artemis meets European Bicycle Network (EuroVelo) standards, providing bikers from around the world a pleasant touring experience.
Visiting Hawaii Island and hoping to see red-hot lava flowing into the Pacific? Sorry, but the ever-dangerous Mother Nature may thwart those plans.
Twenty-six new acres of Hawaii Island—a so-called “lava delta” formed by the latest flow of lava from an active volcano—collapsed into the ocean on Saturday, sending a plume of rock and steam soaring upward.
The collapse created large waves that caused older parts of the sea cliff, including a designated Hawaii Volcanoes National Park viewing area, to erode and wash away.
No one was injured, park officials said. There were no hikers on the cooled, black lava or tour helicopters overhead at the time of the late afternoon collapse.
Five tourists had a “close brush with death” about four hours later when they ignored a rope barrier to get a closer look at the lava flow, Park Ranger Travis Delimont said in a news release. Delimont and a co-worker chased the visitors away less than 15 minutes before the cliff on which they had been standing crumbled into the ocean.
The area remains roped off. Rangers on duty reported hearing loud cracks beneath the surface, indicating ongoing geological changes. The area will not reopen until the remaining land is considered stable and safe.
A restriction on air traffic below 1,000 feet is also in effect.
Molten lava from the Kilauea Volcano made a big splash when it reached the ocean in late July for the first time in nearly three years.
Scientists from U.S. Geological Survey Hawaiian Volcano Observatory continue to monitor activity from the newest lava flow, called “61g.” Regular updates are posted on their website.
You also can get volcano eruption updates on the park service website.
ALSO
Fill your year with beaches, caves and treehouses: 17 destinations for 2017
For 2017, a daily California bucket list will take you to the hidden, the hilarious and the historic in California
Will 2017 be the year of magical travel? With low airfares, a boffo new concept in hotels and bargains, signs point to yes
By Lusekero Mhango
The ministry of natural resources, energy and mining and the geological survey department are set to commence field work on geological mapping and mineral assessment project (GEMMAP) in Karonga in a bid to unearth new mining information to complement the already existing information.
The project which is set to commence this week is being financed by the French republic, through a debt relief and development agreement to the tune of about 11 million euros and is a five year project that will be phased out in 2021.
Briefing the karonga full district council, deputy director of the geological survey department, Denson Makwela, said the main aim of the project is to provide modern geological and thematic maps to serve as the fundamental base for the management of the mineral resources and geo hazard risk assessment.
He added, as the mining map was done in the 1950s and early 1970s there was need to update the information with relevant modern mining information hence the project.
“We haven't really had a mining culture in this country due to mining policies that we have had since our independence hence the importance of the gemmap to bridge the gap in the mining sector as information has shown that the country has a lot of minerals so to attract investors in the sector there was need for the modernization of the map,” he articulated.
He noted, due to the trends there is lack of promotion of the sector locally and internationally hence inadequate foreign investments.
“In terms of policy the government spent a great strive in promoting the mining sector, the government launched the mining and mineral policy which highlights the importance of mining to the growth of the country and currently the government is reviewing the mines and mineral acts of 1981 and we are sure this will be tabled at the Parliament soon, ” he said.
According to Karonga district council chairperson Harry Mwanyembe the project has come at the right time in the district considering Karonga is full of natural resources such as uranium and coal.
He said as the KDC It's fully behind the project hence has urged fellow councilors and traditional leaders to sensitize their subjects of the impending exercise as the geological mapping team will be on the ground in their areas.
MISSISSAUGA, Ont. – A plan to tear down a small mobile home park for a new housing development in Mississauga, Ont., has the small community of over 200 homes wondering where they'll have to move and has seniors wondering how they'll be able to afford a new house on their fixed income.
The Peel regional municipality voted last week to dismantle the mobile home park and replace it with a new housing development of town homes and apartment buildings, a move that will quadruple the area's density.
Peel region says residents of Twin Pines Mobile Home Park will each get $31,000 in compensation for their land, with an option to rent or buy at the new housing development that will replace the park.
Marlyn Addai, president of the park's board of directors, says the compensation isn't enough for many of the people who live in the park, many of whom are still paying off mortgages on their mobile homes and live on a fixed income.
“It's very very hard to now know that your home is going to be demolished,” said Addai, who has lived in her 1,000 square foot mobile home since 2001.
“Two-thirds of people here are on pensions and they cant get a new mortgage, and 40 per cent of them still have mortgages, so once your home is gone, what are you going to do – declare bankruptcy?”
READ MORE: Ontario unlocks land in Toronto's northwest for affordable housing development
Dan Labrecque, general manager of Peel Living, which has owned the park since 1996, says the development is necessary because the park's outdated infrastructure would cost too much to maintain.
Peel Living, the housing branch of the regional municipality, took ownership of the park after the original owner decided to sell it in 1996. Residents of Twin Pines raised $1 million, which Peel Living used as a loan to lease the park for 20 years.
Labrecque says municipal officials were up front about their ability to fully redevelop the park after the lease was up, and said the region's only realistic option is to tear it down and develop a new community.
“It was found totally unfeasible to (leave the park as it was). The infrastructure was at the end of its life, and the park has to be emptied, gutted and rebuilt,” said Labrecque, who said the cost of repairs alone would be between $7 million and $10 million if they kept the trailer park as it is.
“Their preference would be for us to replace the park with something that looks exactly the way it does, but that's just not reasonable or viable.”
Addai says there was correspondence between the region and the park's residence in which the region assured residents that Twin Pines could stay as it was even after the lease was finished.
READ MORE: Housing affordability the worst it's been in 27 years. Here's a cross-Canada look
She also added the cost to repair the park's infrastructure shouldn't have been so high because the money that residents raised for the region should have been used to maintain the park over the past 20 years.
While many of the park's residents are unhappy about being forced out of the homes that they planned to settle down in for the rest of their life, they now believe it's inevitable that they'll have to go.
Addai added Peel region is only paying for the land and not the mobile homes themselves, but Labrecque said it's unreasonable for the region to buy over 200 mobile homes that they have no place to keep.
Instead, Labrecque says Peel region will handle all costs associated with transporting and demolishing the mobile homes if the residents choose to abandon them.
After the region's vote last week, Peel Living will now start to formally plan the specifics of the new development project that will take place in the following years.
Residents have not yet been served eviction notices, but say they expect that development will start within the next couple years.
Another local example has highlighted the complexities, and perhaps flaws in Canadian immigration policies. Elizabeth Adler is separated from her husband Kris Truswell, their daughter Izabella and the home they've shared for nearly a decade, due to an issue with Immigration she said she's done everything to avoid.
Adler moved to Kimberley in September, 2005 and first met Truswell in 2008. He proposed to her in the Spring of 2009, they were married on September 9, 2009 and closed the deal on the house they live in together on September 24, 2009. Isabella was born on November 29, 2009.
In May of 2016 Adler applied for Canadian Permanent Residency and submitted all required paperwork, medical exam, FBI background checks and renewed passport information to Immigration by December, 2016. The following month she received an email stating that she was required to provide further evidence that she had been living with her sponsor, her husband.
She then provided a lengthy letter, photos of every room in her house, photocopies of bills with both their names on them and a copy of their homeowner property tax bill from that year from the City of Kimberley. She said that at that time she was also making weekly phone calls to the border with her name, address and phone number as requested.
“I hadn't heard anything back from Immigration after that and wrote to them in both April and July of 2017, requesting that my work permit be processed ASAP as our family could use a secondary income,” she said in an email interview with the Townsman.
On Tuesday, November 7 2017 a border agent informed her over the phone that her application for residency had been denied in September, but she said she never received any communication to that nature whatsoever.
“Since my application had apparently been denied on September 11, 2017, the 30-day time limit for appeal had already passed and I had no recourse to appeal their decision.”
Additionally, she was told that she had been sent an email in May requesting further proof that she was residing with Truswell. She said that she received neither letter, but was told there was an immediate order for her removal from Canada.
She responded to the email asking if she could extend her stay in Canada until January 4, 2018 so that she could be home for their daughter's eighth birthday, Christmas, New Years and her husband's forty-third birthday, and she was granted the extension.
She then left Canada through the Kingsgate border crossing on January 4 and made a four day trip to her parents' home in Santa Barbara, CA. She is staying with them while she reapplies for Canadian Permanent Residency under the Family Sponsorship category and also appealing her case through the Humanitarian and Compassionate Act.
She said that these events have had a devastating impact on her, her husband and their eight-year-old daughter.
“Myself and my husband have been suffering not only an immense amount of grief over being separated for such a ridiculous reason, but it has caused us enormous stress and anxiety,” she said.
She added that has become impossible for them to have any joy in their conversations because they now solely revolve around organizing the logistics of keeping their daughter's life as normal as possible.
“We both cry alone and take turns doing our best to boost each others spirits in an attempt to stay positive that everything will work out for us and we will be together again soon. But it is hard to push through every day feeling numb and empty, sad and hurt, scared and anxious – wondering if there is any hope for my return sooner than my 12 month removal order.”
They have had to ask for assistance from both of their parents in order to help cover the costs of paying for the new application, medical exam, passport photo, FBI background check, and the financial stress of Truswell having to be a single parent for the time being.
“My eight-year-old daughter shouldn't be crying every night because her Mama can't be there for her. My husband shouldn't be under the extreme stress that he is because I'm not there to help be a part of our household and family. My friends shouldn't be having to help fill the gap that I have left in my daughter and husbands lives.”
Adler just wants to come home and believes she does not deserve to lose the privilege of living here.
“If I had actually received the letter they claim to have sent me on May 2, 2017, I would have responded immediately to fight my case and make sure that none of this happened. Because they have zero checks and balances to insure that the letter is received, and I had zero idea that they were trying to contact me, and my communications to them went unanswered, they chose to deny my application and have me removed.”
paul.rodgers@cranbrooktownsman.com
President Trump and first lady Melania Trump on the South Lawn of the White House upon their return from Joint Base Andrews in Maryland where they greeted three Americans just released by North Korea, May 10, 2018.
YURI GRIPAS / POOL/ EPA-EFE
The people wringing their hands about the whereabouts of first lady Melania Trump can calm down now: She tweeted for the first time in...uh...two days and said she's at the White House, feeling fine, thanks for asking.
But the worriers will probably keep on worrying: It's just a tweet, we didn't actually see the first lady, and her tweet sounded...well, sort of like President Trump might have written it. Or dictated it.
"I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing. Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people!— Melania Trump"
I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing. Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people! — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) May 30, 2018
"Working overtime" is a favorite phrase of the president, as many pointed out.
working overtime huh pic.twitter.com/hTfwcbAAyl — Adam Parkhomenko (@AdamParkhomenko) May 30, 2018
Comedian Sarah Silverman wasn't buying Trump's tweet. "Who is this? where's Melania?," she wondered on Twitter.
The first lady, still an enigma in Washington a year after her arrival at the White House, is the capital's media mystery du jour, with the burning question: Where is Melania?
To Trump's spokeswoman, Stephanie Grisham, it's all too unbearably silly. She has seen Trump and she's fine, she says.
"I've gone on the record countless times to tell people she's here at the White House, working hard and participating in several meetings. But sadly, the rumors abound," Grisham said in an email to USA TODAY.
And of course she wrote her own tweet, Grisham added.
But some media outlets are keeping a daily count of absence: She hasn't been seen in 20 — gasp! — days, says CNN, whose story on the most elusive member of the Trump team first appeared Tuesday when she had been out of sight for 19 days.
As first lady, Trump is low-key, not a spotlight seeker, and not a major presence on Twitter the way her husband is.
But her absence from the usual comings and goings at the White House is intriguing to many because it immediately followed her mysterious five-day stay in a hospital for an unspecified kidney procedure that the White House said went well. She went to Walter Reed National Military Medical Center on May 14 and returned to the White House on May 19.
True, she has been tweeting more than usual — about Memorial Day, about the Medal of Honor recipient, about the latest school shooting mass murder in Texas — but she hadn't actually been spotted in her signature glamazon look (couture outfit, towering heels) since May 10, in the middle of the night.
On #MemorialDay we honor the many Americans who laid down their lives for our great country. As one nation under God, we come together to remember that freedom isn't free. Thank you to all the service members & their families who sacrifice so much to keep us safe. 🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/H6yhNQXyPg — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) May 28, 2018
That was when she accompanied President Trump to Joint Base Andrews in Maryland to greet three just-freed Americans who had been detained in North Korea for more than a year. It was dark but she looked fine, dressed in a tailored pantsuit with cropped pants.
Before that, on May 7, she appeared in the White House Rose Garden to announce her "Be Best" FLOTUS agenda, aimed at improving the well-being of children.
Meanwhile, the mocking, spoofing and mean-tweeting (aimed at POTUS mostly) on Twitter poured out. On May 26, a week after she got out of the hospital, an anti-Trump tweeter, Bill Palmer of the Palmer Report, posted about her being "missing."
Melania Trump has gone missing — https://t.co/d2BaE58Suz — Palmer Report (@PalmerReport) May 26, 2018
On May 25, a reporter shouted a question to the president about his wife's whereabouts as he prepared to board Marine One. According to the pool report, he pointed to a window in the White House and said: “She's doing great. She's looking at us right there.” Reporters turned to look but she wasn't there.
That episode was an invitation to meme-making on Twitter.
Melania hasn't been seen in public since May 10th. When a reporter asked Trump about her, he said she was up in the window.#WhereIsMelania pic.twitter.com/PXKRqksdG8 — Cornelia (@PaladinCornelia) May 28, 2018
More partisan tweeters took the opportunity to use the first lady-is-missing theme to needle the Trump administration about its recent admission by immigration authorities that they had "lost track" of the whereabouts of about 1,500 immigrant children in their custody.
"Where are the 1500 missing children, and where is Melania Trump? How does 1500 children go missing, and how is it no one has seen the First Lady of the United States in over 3 weeks?" asked tweeter Christopher Bouzy.
Where are the 1500 missing children, and where is Melania Trump? How does 1500 children go missing, and how is it no one has seen the First Lady of the United States in over 3 weeks? — Christopher Bouzy (@cbouzy) May 29, 2018
"So... has the WH lost track of another immigrant? #WhereIsMelania," tweeted Bill Spring. Trump, 48, is an immigrant born in Slovenia.
So... has the WH lost track of another immigrant? #WhereIsMelania — Bill Spring (@springbill_bill) May 27, 2018
Others said there was legitimate reason to wonder about Trump's health.
"Regardless of party, I think all Americans wish @FLOTUS only the best. It is fair, however, with a @WhiteHouse that routinely misleads the public, to ask where Mrs. Trump is and to have a better understanding of her health condition," tweeted Rev. Dr. Chuck Currie.
Regardless of party, I think all Americans wish @FLOTUS only the best. It is fair, however, with a @WhiteHouse that routinely misleads the public, to ask where Mrs. Trump is and to have a better understanding of her health condition. https://t.co/3fgjkkmpSu — Rev. Dr. Chuck Currie (@RevChuckCurrie) May 27, 2018
Trump has already established herself as an unconventional first lady, having delayed her arrival in Washington for five months to allow her 12-year-old son to finish the school year in New York. Since then she's been mocked for her clothes and her shoes and criticized for a donation of Dr. Seuss books.
She's also endured fevered speculation about the state of her marriage after cameras caught her brushing off his extended hand and after she cancelled a foreign trip with him following explosive allegations from a former adult film star that she had a one-night fling with him years ago and was paid to keep quiet about it before the 2016 election.
And who can forget that memorable day in October when Twitter conspiracy theorists became convinced that POTUS was standing next to a body double, not his wife, in a picture.
"Once again we find ourselves consumed with a ridiculous non-story when we could be talking about the work the first lady is doing on behalf of children," Grisham said in an email.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Coastal Carolina added four names – Will Latcham, Jordan Gore, Wood Myers and Andrew Beckwith – to the list of those selected in the 2017 Major League Baseball draft on Wednesday.
Latcham (RHP) was selected by the St. Louis Cardinals in the 17th round (514th overall pick). Gore (SS) was taken by the Minnesota Twins with the first pick of the 19th round (556th overall). Myers (2B) was selected by the Cardinals in the 29th round (874th overall pick). Beckwith (RHP) was chosen by the Kansas City Royals in the 32nd round (906th overall pick). They join fellow Chanticleers Billy Cooke (8th round) and Alex Cunningham (9th round) among those drafted.
This marks the 10th time since 2002 at least three Chanticleers were drafted in one season and brings the total to 82 Chanticleers drafted – 88 draft picks as six Chants were drafted twice while at Coastal – since 1977 (Coastal's second year of baseball) and 63 players – 68 draft picks – since head coach Gary Gilmore was named head coach in 1996.
Latcham, a junior college transfer, was 3-0 with four saves in 14 appearances in his lone season at Coastal. He struck out 29 in 25.2 innings, versus just six walks, and posted an impressive 1.05 ERA. Latcham missed 25 of CCU's first 35 games due to injury. However, he pitched eight times in CCU's final 21 games and was 3-0 with two saves and a 1.04 ERA with 22 strikeouts in 17.1 innings pitched.
Gore, who graduated cum laude from Coastal Carolina with a degree in sociology this past month, played his first two seasons at South Carolina before transferring to Coastal. (He sat out the 2016 season at CCU due to NCAA regulations.) Despite having Tommy John surgery in May of 2016, Gore played every inning of the 2017 season and earned second team All-Sun Belt honors. He batted .318 for the season, including an impressive .344 in league play, and made numerous highlight-reel plays at shortstop.
Gore, who is coming off his redshirt junior season, had a career and team-best, 14-game hit streak in 2017 and batted .400 (22-for-55) over the span. One game after the hit streak stopped, Gore proceeded to have an eight-game hit steak as he had a hit in 25 of his last 27 games played. Gore batted .353 over the 27-game span with 20 runs scored, nine doubles and 12 multi-hit games.
Including his two years at South Carolina (81 games; .247 avg.), Gore had a .282 career batting average with 14 doubles and 55 RBI.
Myers finished the year with a .330 average with 44 runs, 70 hits, 11 doubles, a triple, six home runs, 19 walks, just 23 strikeouts in 212 at bats and was 11-of-14 in stolen bases. Overall, Myers had a hit in 44 of his 53 games played this season.
However, Myers closed the season as CCU's hottest hitter as he recorded 15 multi-hit games overs his last 25 contests (including two 4-hit games) and batted .418 (38-for-91) with 14 RBI and 22 runs scored. He closed his career with a 14-game hit streak. In addition to having a hit in 22 of his last 25 games, Myers started 2017 by getting a hit in 20 of his first 24 contests.
Myers played his first two seasons at North Carolina before transferring to Chiploa (Fla.) JC for the 2016 season after suffering a season-ending injury 14 games in to his sophomore campaign with the Tar Heels (ironically breaking his leg after getting a single versus Coastal Carolina in Springs Brooks Stadium).
Including his two years at UNC, Myers has a career batting average of .316 with 83 runs scored, 22 doubles, 7 home runs, 76 RBI, 47 walks, 21 stolen bases and a phenomenal 38 strikeouts in 481 at bats.
Beckwith, an All-American and 2016 NCAA College World Series MVP, will go down as one of the all-time greats in Chanticleer baseball history. The Blythewood native was also the 2016 Touchdown Club of Columbus Male Athlete of the Year, 2016 Big South Pitcher of the Year, 2015-16 Big South Howard Bagwell Male Athlete of the Year, 2016 Gregg Olson Award winner, 2016 first team All-Big South and 2017 second team All-Sun Belt.
Beckwith was 8-2 in his senior season, including a league-best 8-0 record in Sun Belt action with a 2.73 ERA in conference games to rank sixth. He posted a 4.34 ERA for the season. However, his season ERA was inflated after two tough outings early in the year, allowing 15 earned runs in 7.1 innings. However, over his last 17 appearances, Beckwith was 8-1 with a save and a 3.11 ERA over 84.0 innings pitched. Beckwith struck out a career-high 10 batters versus Winthrop and turned in a dominant performance at Sun Belt West Division leader UT Arlington late in the season to help secure CCU's regular-season conference crown.
For his career, Beckwith, who won three games at the 2016 College World Series to lead Coastal to National Championship, ranks among the CCU all-time leaders in:
Most Ground Outs (1st, 426)
Fewest Walks Allowed Per 9 Innings (2nd, 1.91)
Appearances (4th, 102)
Wins (4th, 32)
Innings Pitched (6th, 329.0)
Lowest ERA (12th, 2.74)
Strikeouts (14th, 211)
Saves (15th, 7)
On the CCU single-season lists, Beck ranks:
1st in Wins (15, 2016)
3rd Lowest ERA (1.33 in 2014)
9th Lowest ERA (1.85 in 2016)
DSSSB Recruitment 2018 application process to fill 4366 vacancies for the post of Teachers (Primary) under MCD has begun on the official website of Delhi Subordinate Services Selection Board (DSSSB), Delhi - delhi.gov.in The applicants must ensure that they have an Aadhaar Card or they must apply for one, as it is mandatory for a candidate to bring Aadhaar Card at the time of Examination, else s/he will not be allowed to appear in the examination. Interested and eligible candidates must apply for the post on or before 30th July 2018by following the instructions given below:Visit the official website - https://dsssbonline.nic.in/ Register yourself firstRegistration number will generateLogin with required credentialsFill the application form, pay online fee and complete the application processDownload the confirmation page and take a print out for future referenceUnreserved/ OBC Category – Rs.100SC/ ST/ PH/ Women/ Ex-serviceman Category - NILDSSSB Recruitment 2018 - Vacancy Details:Total Posts: 4366Unreserved – 1610OBC – 1286SC – 714ST – 756The applicant must be class 12th passed or Intermediate or its equivalent from a recognized Board/ Institution with 2 years Diploma/ Certificate Course/ in Elementary Teacher education Course/ Junior Basic Training or equivalent or Bachelor of elementary education from a recognized institution.Applicants are advised to read through the official advertisement to ascertain their eligibility:Official Advertisement: http://delhi.gov.in/wps/wcm/connect/d502e000460783aa9bf9df05b04fca82/Advt.No.01-2018.pdf?MOD=AJPERES&lmod=-353980737 The age of the applicant should not be more than 30 years. Age relaxation rules apply as stated in the advertisement above.The selected candidates will be eligible to receive a monthly pay of Rs.9,300 – Rs.34,800 with Grade pay of Rs.4200.The selection of the candidates will be done on the basis of One Tier examination scheme.
DNO has just received information that a house collapsed a short while ago on Independence street in Roseau between Kennedy Avenue and Great Marlborough Street.
Reports are that there were no injuries.
An eyewitness to the incident told DNO that workmen were carrying out repairs to the building when it came crashing to the ground. Fortunately, according to the eyewitness, there was no one inside the building at the time. He said the men, who were working on the outside, and the occupants of a beauty salon next door, hurriedly got out of the way.
Mark Hough had barely taken a sip of his Friday afternoon margarita when he heard twigs snapping and leaves rustling in his lush Altadena, California, backyard.
At first he brushed it off as the sounds of his neighbor pottering about next door, but the noise grew louder.
"So I got up, looked over in the bushes and lo and behold there's a bear climbing up over my fence," Hough said Monday.
The sighting was the first of many encounters Hough would have with the bear that particularly hot Friday afternoon - over the course of a few hours the bear availed itself of Hough's backyard, his hot tub, and the cocktail he left behind.
After first spotting the bear, Hough retreated inside, only to later find the furry intruder "bobbling away in the Jacuzzi enjoying himself."
Hough recorded video of the bear lolling in the unheated hot tub with the jets on. The creature played with the chlorinator and tossed the thermometer in the air, Hough said.
"He was playing having a grand old time," he added.
Bears have been frequently filmed romping around the community that straddles city and wilderness. Los Angeles County Sheriff's Deputy Joana Warren said the department received six bear-sighting calls that Friday, but failed to find it.
The bear's dip only last a few minutes before it emerged and lumbered around the yard. Then it "popped out of the bushes, walked right over to the margarita, knocked it over and lapped it," Hough said.
About an hour later, Hough was talking to a neighbor when some oak leaves fluttered to the ground. Hough looked up to see the bear slumbering in the tree.
"So he had his margarita, he had his Jacuzzi, and now he's ready for an hour nap," Hough said.
Hough said the bear ultimately hustled away down the street. After the encounter, Hough made himself two margaritas to make up for the one he lost.
"It was an interesting Friday to say the least," Hough said.
RacinToday.com
Kyle Larson made an aggressive move during an overtime restart, took the lead and went on to win Sunday's NASCAR Cup Series race at Michigan International Speedway.
The win was the third straight for the Chip Ganassi Racing driver at the 2-mile MIS oval.
It came after a wreck with four laps to go – which started when Paul Menard lost control and sent Michael McDowell into the wall, bringing out a red flag – likely deprived then-leader Martin Truex Jr. of victory.
“I was running a few options through my head of what to do if I got a good jump, and that was one of them and it worked out perfect. I can't believe that happened. We were struggling all day. We were definitely not as good as the last two times we won here, but we preserved and had a great restart at the end.”
Truex, who led a race-best 105 laps, finished second.
Of the final restart, he said, “I just tried to do something a little different there with (Kyle) Larson behind me, but when he hit me I went and I spun the tires. They just got too cold under that red flag and not enough time to get them warmed up. Our car generally took a few laps all day to get warm, but while we had enough caution laps I could kind of keep heat in the tires. Just spun them a bit and he got a run and there was no way he was going to go around me on the bottom with all that stuff down there and I just went into one and spun the tires because they were so cold. It's one of those deals, sometimes these things don't work out.”
Larson was in fourth-place and would restart for the final two-lap shootout behind leader Martin Truex Jr.
Larson hadn't had a fast race car all day, but he thought with a bold move on the restart, he could steal a win. Ahead of him, Truex, the race leader, was in the opposite position. He had had a fast race car all day, and he figured he needed a strong restart to repel whatever move Larson or somebody else would throw at him. Like Larson, he was trying to figure out which scenario would be most likely to take him to Victory Lane.
As it turned out, Larson and Truex both drew up the same plan—they both wanted Larson to hit Truex on the restart. They just had different ideas about what would happen after that.
Truex hoped the contact would push him forward and to the victory, and briefly, that seemed possible. But Truex spun his tires, which played right into Larson's strategy.
“I wanted to time it and get to his bumper and act like I was pushing him out to the lead and duck underneath him and get to his left-rear quarter and pull him back,” Larson said. “It's crazy how when you get to someone's left rear quarter how much it slows them down. It did just that.”
Larson bounced off of Truex as he passed him, and for a split second the race fanned out four wide. That never ends well—especially not on the penultimate lap when all four drivers are going for the win. But somehow they all stayed off each other, and afterward, rookie Erik Jones, one of those drivers, was at a loss to explain how. “I was pointed at the infield for half of (Turns) one and two,” said Jones, who finished third.
###
Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series Race – Pure Michigan 400
Michigan International Speedway
Brooklyn, Michigan
Sunday, August 13, 2017
(9) Kyle Larson, Chevrolet, 202. (13) Martin Truex Jr., Toyota, 202. (8) Erik Jones #, Toyota, 202. (25) Ryan Newman, Chevrolet, 202. (21) Trevor Bayne, Ford, 202. (20) Chris Buescher, Chevrolet, 202. (17) Austin Dillon, Chevrolet, 202. (5) Chase Elliott, Chevrolet, 202. (7) Jamie McMurray, Chevrolet, 202. (6) Kyle Busch, Toyota, 202. (15) Kurt Busch, Ford, 202. (24) Aric Almirola, Ford, 202. (3) Kevin Harvick, Ford, 202. (19) Dale Earnhardt Jr., Chevrolet, 202. (12) Ryan Blaney, Ford, 202. (10) Denny Hamlin, Toyota, 202. (1) Brad Keselowski, Ford, 202. (14) Ricky Stenhouse Jr., Ford, 202. (22) Jimmie Johnson, Chevrolet, 202. (29) AJ Allmendinger, Chevrolet, 202. (33) Ty Dillon #, Chevrolet, 202. (18) Danica Patrick, Ford, 202. (11) Clint Bowyer, Ford, 202. (4) Matt Kenseth, Toyota, 202. (32) Landon Cassill, Ford, 200. (27) Matt DiBenedetto, Ford, 200. (26) Michael McDowell, Chevrolet, 200. (2) Joey Logano, Ford, 200. (31) Cole Whitt, Chevrolet, 199. (28) David Ragan, Ford, 199. (34) Corey LaJoie #, Toyota, 199. (35) * Brett Moffitt(i), Toyota, 198. (38) * Reed Sorenson, Chevrolet, 197. (30) Paul Menard, Chevrolet, Accident, 196. (36) Jeffrey Earnhardt, Chevrolet, 196. (39) * BJ McLeod(i), Chevrolet, 178. (16) Daniel Suarez #, Toyota, Accident, 138. (23) Kasey Kahne, Chevrolet, Accident, 138. (37) Derrike Cope, Toyota, Engine, 107.
Average Speed of Race Winner: 150.903 mph.
Time of Race: 02 Hrs, 40 Mins, 38 Secs. Margin of Victory: 0.310 Seconds.
Caution Flags: 5 for 28 laps.
Lead Changes: 14 among 7 drivers.
Lap Leaders: B. Keselowski 1-42; E. Jones # 43-46; B. Keselowski 47-63; D. Suarez # 64-66; B. Keselowski 67-110; Kyle Busch 111-113; M. Truex Jr. 114-127; B. Keselowski 128; M. Truex Jr. 129-159; E. Jones # 160; B. Keselowski 161; D. Hamlin 162-177; Kyle Busch 178-188; M. Truex Jr. 189-200; K. Larson 201-202.
Leaders Summary (Driver, Times Lead, Laps Led): B. Keselowski 5 times for 105 laps; M. Truex Jr. 3 times for 57 laps; D. Hamlin 1 time for 16 laps; Kyle Busch 2 times for 14 laps; E. Jones # 2 times for 5 laps; D. Suarez # 1 time for 3 laps; K. Larson 1 time for 2 laps.
Stage #1 Top Ten: 2,4,24,78,77,22,20,18,42,11
Stage #2 Top Ten: 78,2,4,77,19,21,1,42,18,11
The GolfBC Championship opening ceremonies took place Wednesday afternoon at Gallagher's Canyon Golf & Country Club.
The kick-off event of the Kelowna leg of the PGA Mackenzie Tour tournament was a long drive challenge.
Former long drive world champion Jamie Sadlowski participated, but he has given up his long drivers for standard clubs. Sadlowski was granted an exemption to play in the GolfBC Championship this year.
Nicklaus Kennedy drove the ball 367 yards to win the challenge Wednesday afternoon.
The tournament tees off Thursday morning and is open to the public.
Tickets can be purchased online or at the gate.
Net proceeds from the event go to the B.C. Cancer Foundation and the Red Cross flood relief effort in the Okanagan.
CHICAGO -- James Shields is ready to return to the Chicago White Sox's rotation.
The 35-year-old right-hander is scheduled to start Sunday at Toronto after being sidelined the past two months because of a strained right back muscle.
Shields said Wednesday he feels "pretty good" and is "ready to rock" after three rehab starts for Triple-A Charlotte. He threw 90 pitches, allowing two runs and six hits over five innings, on Tuesday.
Sidelined since April 16, Shields is 1-0 with a 1.62 ERA in three starts after a rough first season in Chicago.
The Volvo XC40 is the newest compact luxury SUV to get launched in India, at an introductory price of Rs 39.9 lakh (ex-showroom). Interestingly, Volvo India has chosen to only launch the fully-loaded, R-Design trim of the XC40 in India for now. The XC40 marks Volvo's entry into the compact luxury SUV segment, where it will take on German SUVs like the Audi Q3, BMW X1 and Mercedes-Benz GLA. While the XC40 is available with a range of engine options internationally, for now, Volvo has launched the XC40 only with its 2.0-litre, four-cylinder diesel engine dubbed the D4. The engine offers 190 PS and 400 Nm in this guise and is mated to an eight-speed automatic transmission.
The XC40 follows Volvo's current design language and gets the now popular 'Thor's Hammer' LED daytime running lamps. It is based on the manufacturer's Compact Modular Architecture platform and boasts an unladen ground clearance of 211mm, and as far as dimensions go, the XC40 is marginally larger than its aforementioned German rivals. Being the fully-loaded version, the XC40 R-Design comes loaded to the gills with features, including several segment firsts.
The XC40 is the only SUV in its segment to feature radar-based guidance and safety systems including Adaptive Cruise Control, Lane Keeping aid, Collision Mitigation, City Safety with pedestrian, cyclist and large animal detection and Driver Alerts. It also gets a powered tailgate with a foot wave function for opening and closing, reverse camera, park assist along with a wireless smartphone charging pad, all as part of standard equipment.
In addition, the Volvo XC40 R-Design also gets a panoramic sunroof, keyless entry with a start/stop button, 9-inch touchscreen for the infotainment system with Apple CarPlay and Android Auto and a 13-speaker, high-end audio system from Harmon/Kardon. More variants of the XC40 are expected to be launched in the near future apart from which the Swedish manufacturer could also look at launching a petrol engine equipped version in India, depending on the demand and market conditions.
A woman stabbed another person during a domestic dispute in West Hartford on Monday.
Officers responded to an apartment building on Hillcrest Avenue at 5:52 p.m.
Responding officers found Naomi Williams-Wal and the victim outside their apartment in the common courtyard area of the apartment buildings.
The victim was transported to a local hospital and is expected to live.
Williams-Wal was taken into custody and her bond was set at $500,000.
Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy was being held in police custody on Tuesday for questioning by magistrates looking into allegations of Libyan funding for his 2007 election campaign, an official in the French judiciary said.
A lawyer for Sarkozy could not be reached immediately for comment.
France opened a judicial inquiry in 2013 into allegations that Sarkozy's successful 2007 election bid benefited from illicit funds from late Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi.
A former minister and close ally of Sarkozy, Brice Hortefeux, was also being questioned by police on Tuesday morning in relation to the Libya investigation, another source close to the probe said.
Sarkozy, who served as president from 2007 to 2012, has always denied receiving any illicit campaign funding and has dismissed the Libyan allegations as "grotesque".
In January a French businessman suspected by investigators of funneling money from Gaddafi to finance Sarkozy's campaign was arrested in Britain and granted bail after he appeared in a London court.
Sarkozy has already been ordered to stand trial in a separate matter concerning financing of his failed re-election campaign in 2012, when he was defeated by Francois Hollande.
The five Democrats competing for their party's nomination for governor met in their final televised debate tonight, each offering a critique of the tax plan Republican Governor Kim Reynolds signed into law this afternoon.
All the candidates argue the plan will provide little, if any tax relief for low and middle income Iowans. However, three of the candidates expressed support for some elements of the new law, like assessing the state sales tax on a wider variety of electronic purchases. John Norris has called for a full repeal of the plan, though, and Norris offered this “advice” to rival Fred Hubbell.
“Be cautious about being against that tax cut before you were for it,” Norris said. “That will be a difficult position to both criticize it and defend it in this election, if you get there.”
Hubbell, who called the bill “risky and irresponsible” as legislators debated it, says the reality is the tax plan is now state law and the person who's elected in November must deal with it.
“When you're a governor, you have to recognize that you're governor of everybody, not just a few people,” Hubbell said. “You have to recognize the pieces that are good and get rid of all the rest.”
Earlier in the day, Governor Reynolds told reporters the tax issue will be a clear dividing line between Republicans and Democrats this fall.
“Iowans will have to make that choice,” Reynolds said.
The Democratic candidates on stage tonight suggested the choice Reynolds and her fellow Republicans made will bankrupt the state. Ross Wilburn, the former mayor of Iowa City, said after the state budget cuts Republican lawmakers were forced to make over the past two years, tax cuts aren't wise.
“During a time like this, when we've got a whole in the budget, it's not something that we can afford to do.”
Andy McGuire, a medical doctor, said Republicans legislators and Governor Reynolds have failed to providing enough for education, health care and other important government functions.
“When you're cutting right now for the services, the math doesn't add up to then cut your revenue,” McGuire said.
Norris, who was chief of staff for former Governor Tom Vilsack, accused the Reynolds Administration of being run by corporate lobbyists.
“And look at these tax cuts and tax breaks that are carved out, that are eroding our capacity to invest in education and health care in this state,” Norris said.
Hubbell, a Des Moines businessman, suggested the GOP was employing the “trickle-down theory.”
“Just cut everything that you can. Reduce your revenues and hope that all of a sudden revenues go up,” Hubbell said. “It's been proven many times not to work.”
Cathy Glasson of Coralville, a nurse and union organizer, called for taxing the wealthy “a little bit more” and the poor “a little bit less.” She'd also legalize marijuana for personal use — and tax it.
“We know that there are other states in this country, particularly Oregon that generated $85 million by doing that,” Glasson said.
The candidate forum was sponsored by The Des Moines Register and KCCI Television in Des Moines, which broadcast the event live.
The film censor board has set impossible conditions around the release of our film in India https://t.co/QtiDzG0oKl pic.twitter.com/rQEH9KeP2d — An Insignificant Man (@aimthemovie) May 26, 2017
Ppl who have been asking us if the change at the censor board will help the release of "An Insignificant Man" - sadly the answer is "No" 1/n — An Insignificant Man (@aimthemovie) August 12, 2017
Our film has already been seen by 2 CBFC committees (i) Examining Committee (ii) Revising Committee. Both reacted adversely to the film 2/n — An Insignificant Man (@aimthemovie) August 12, 2017
The EC refused to talk to us while the RC asked us to get NOCs & bleep out names of Congress & BJP. That's their final word on our film 3/n — An Insignificant Man (@aimthemovie) August 12, 2017
Our only hope right now is the FCAT. We appealed against the CBFC's decision at the FCAT and our hearing has already taken place. 4/n — An Insignificant Man (@aimthemovie) August 12, 2017
Our hearing took place last month & we presented our case to the FCAT. We are now awaiting the final verdict from them. Fingers crossed 5/n — An Insignificant Man (@aimthemovie) August 12, 2017
The makers of An Insignificant Man a movie that documents Arvind Kejriwal's journey and in the news for a row with the CBFC -- have welcomed the changes in India's film censor board. However, they rue that it won't affect the status of their yet-to-be-certified movie.On Saturday, the Twitter handle @aimthemovie -- which represents the film featured the makers' reaction on the sacking of Pahlaj Nihalani, who as the censor board chief had asked them to get a no-objection certificate (NOC) from Prime Minister Narendra Modi, former Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dixit and Kejriwal himself, before the movie could be granted a censor certificate.Nihalani was on Friday sacked by the Information and Broadcasting Ministry, which has appointed writer-adman Prasoon Joshi as the chairperson of the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC), apart from bringing in National Award winning-actress Vidya Balan as one of the board members.Reacting to this, the makers said in tweets: "People who have been asking us if the change at the censor board will help the release of 'An Insignificant Man', sadly the answer is 'No'."Our film has already been seen by 2 CBFC committees (i) Examining Committee (ii) Revising Committee. Both reacted adversely to the film. The EC refused to talk to us while the RC asked us to get NOCs and bleep out names of Congress and BJP. That's their final word on our film."Our only hope right now is the FCAT (Film Certification Appellate Tribunal). We appealed against the CBFC's decision at the FCAT and our hearing has already taken place."Our hearing took place last month and we presented our case to the FCAT. We are now awaiting the final verdict from them. Fingers crossed."The tweets further read: "The decision to change the censor board chief is a welcome first step towards (hopefully) overhauling India's censorship process. So far, political films have unfortunately faced resistance from every government and every censor board in India. We need urgent reforms."Khushboo Ranka and Vinay Shukla had begun their journey to make "An Insignificant Man" by following Kejriwal on his election campaign in late 2012. Their movie has been featured at various film festivals, but they still await a release on home ground.
Local paleontologists are ecstatic and are salivating over the latest find. A dinosaur's tooth. And according to one expert, the unlucky prehistoric lizard lost his incisor 120 million years back. Evidently the tooth was picked up on a Knysna beach by a youngster who had a feeling it was more than a battered crustacean from the sea. Imagine the feverish excitement of the fossil fanatic when handed this rare find - not unlike a gold digger espying a nugget in the sieve.
I mean, dinosaurs ruled the earth for 160 million years, and here was proof to us sceptics of their existence. As a meat eater, Dino must've had a hard time chewing on his pal's ribs. Poor sod. I know what it feels like with more gums than teeth. Question is, why was the tooth on its own? How did he lose it? I reckon the spot where it was found was a dentistry and the tooth had been extracted by a reptilian orthodontist without Novocaine or gas.
Or was it a boxing ring, and Dino took a punch to the mouth? When my geography teacher described these beings ranging in size from humming birds to lumbering giants, I laughed out loud. For that I was punished by having to write out 50 times on the blackboard, "I must not laugh at dinosaurs".
Up to my wedding day I kept having recurring nightmares about dinosaurs chasing me around mine dumps. After the marriage, I had other nightmares related to mothers-in-law and midwives. Lately I can't remember any of my nightmares.
Too long in the tooth? Back to 'the' tooth. Its shape indicates the guy was carnivorous and fed on his mates. Sounds like cannibalism still practiced today. Can we conclude they're the off-shoot of carnivorous dinosaurs? They eat the flesh of other humans, making them dinosaurian.
This surely can be proved by extracting the tooth of a modern-day cannibal and comparing it with this latest find. But it would take a brave dentist (like George's Dr Xyvier JvR?) persuade a cannibal to open his mouth and give away his prized cutlery.
Any takers? You'd put toothy smiles on paleontologists' faces. If, of course, you survive the man-eaters' cooking pot.
To celebrate the invention of a powered vacuum cleaner by Hubert Cecil Booth more than a century ago, Google on Wednesday marked the British engineer's 147th birth anniversary with an interactive Doodle.The Doodle depicts an operator cleaning a carpet using Booth's first design, nicknamed "Puffing Billy", which was powered by an engine so big it had to be pulled around by horses and parked outside the house to be cleaned.Though it was a far cry from the upright and handheld vacuums people use today, Booth's invention forever changed the way we clean our homes — and made sweeping dirt under the rug a thing of the past, Google said in a statement.At the break of the 20th century, cutting-edge floor-cleaning technology involved blowing air and pushing debris, but Booth was intrigued by the inverse idea — cleaning by suction.After seeing a demonstration of the "pneumatic carpet renovator" blowing dirt out of railway cars, the Gloucester-native tested his own idea.To see how much dust he could remove by suction, the British engineer put his handkerchief to his mouth and sucked the air through it.Inspired by the results he set to work on his first design — the Puffing Billy.Booth started the British Vacuum Cleaner Company in 1903, and his flagship product - a somewhat smaller electric device - was soon embraced by fashionable households and even the British royal family.Booth's contributions were not limited to changing the cleaning process only. He was a man of many talents who built bridges, designed engines for Royal Navy battleships, and ferris wheels in England, France, and Austria.But the Puffing Billy assured that his legacy would live on.Booth breathed his last on January 14, 1955.
Press the button. Slide to unlock. Tap the icon. The app or game fills your screen — and your senses. But how does that happen? How does that icon get on the screen? How does that bird fly across it? How does that plant obliterate that zombie? How do all these apps and games work? The answer is "code". And Apple's free Hour of Code workshops were designed to introduce kids to just that. Apple's been doing Hour of Code for a few of years now. Last year, the company introduced its Swift Playgrounds to the mix. With new and improved lessons to go with it, and the ability to control robots — yes, robots! — it makes the same kinds of code used to create next-generation iPhone, iPad, and Mac apps not just accessible to everyone, but relatable. Every year I go to my local Apple Store to check out the Hour of Code sessions and I try to sit in on at least one. And every year, kids and adults alike began filing in a short time before the workshops began, their spaces reserved online over the course of the last week. Parents accompanied the younger children, helping them find stools around the large wooden tables. At one end, a TV set stands with the Hour of Code material displayed for the whole store to see. For some of the sessions, iPads minis are loaded with the course material and ready to go. An Apple specialist leads the group, supported by several other Apple Store staff members circling around and helping out.
Way back in the first year, one of the hour-long workshop consisted of a series of code-based puzzles the kids needed to solve. The puzzles used characters and imagery from popular games like Angry Birds and Plants vs. Zombies. Instead of focusing on the nuts and bolts of coding and forcing kids to write brackets and if statements, however, the children were asked to build pre-created modules, much like an Automator or Workflow module. They simply dragged blocks of code from the Code.org sidebar to the main canvas — code that told their on-screen characters to move or turn, as well as how much or how often.
Between puzzles, the kids got to see short videos from the likes of Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg, who emphasized the empowerment behind learning to code. By allowing the kids to directly manipulate coding blocks on the iPad mini, it let them build an app without necessarily getting into the nitty-gritty of code writing, and the success of problem-solving a difficult puzzle left the kids excited to move on to the next adventure. The large Apple presence in both the Montreal and New York City stores we visited also meant that the children received a lot of personalized attention; they had to work to progress, but never had to feel like they were being left behind.
The kids weren't the only ones learning and growing: Many parents became enthralled. The puzzle-based aspect to the coding lessons gave parents a way to help their children, even if they weren't already familiar with code theory. But, at the same time, it gave those untrained in the art of coding a window to potentially learn the fundamentals and encourage growth in their children in the future. This year, things went up several more notches — kids could learn to code Sphero robots. And not just the basic Sphere robots either, the Star Wars variants including BB-8. The children started off at the big table, like years past, but after a brief introductory video, they were taken to a section near the front that had been roped off and taped up. Taped up as in a path had been carefully marked out for BB-8 to follow and it was up to the children to code the little droid through it. It wasn't an on-rails experience either. The children had to make choices, test potential solutions and, if they made a mistake, debug it and try again. Because that's how you learn to code. Apple does a great job providing a fun, enjoyable path into code for every child. At the end of the sessions, there are always a few who ask, "Why couldn't it be two hours of code?!" The workshop may not have been designed so that they could leave and go program the next Pokémon Go or Plants vs. Zombies, but all of them wanted to. Whether or not any of them end up becoming developers, they all learned that — if they put in the work — they could. It might have been an hour of code, but the spark it lit could last a lifetime. That's what makes programs like code.org and App Camp for Girls — and tools like Swift playgrounds — so important. They help inspire and enable the next generation of coders. Furthermore, these programs open the doors for adult mentors to help guide kids on the path to programming, even if they don't necessarily have high-powered coding backgrounds themselves. In the preface to Carl Sagan's book The Demon-Haunted World, Sagan talks about his parents being his most important teachers in helping him to pursue astronomy: They may not have had backgrounds in astrophysics, but they encouraged him to question the world, and that gave him the drive to push forward, to discover, to explore.
John Menzies (LSE: MNZS) was making headlines in Monday business after it decided to bang a planned merger with DX Group (LSE: DX) on the head. The firms had been examining a tie-up since March, and in June a deal was struck that would have seen DX snap up Menzies? distribution operations for £40m in addition to new shares worth 65% of the new company. However, DX?s worrisome trading update in July, in which it advised it expected EBITDA to flatline in the fiscal year ending June 2016, forced Menzies to undertake additional financial due diligence. These steps had forced the…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
John Menzies (LSE: MNZS) was making headlines in Monday business after it decided to bang a planned merger with DX Group (LSE: DX) on the head.
The firms had been examining a tie-up since March, and in June a deal was struck that would have seen DX snap up Menzies' distribution operations for £40m in addition to new shares worth 65% of the new company.
However, DX's worrisome trading update in July, in which it advised it expected EBITDA to flatline in the fiscal year ending June 2016, forced Menzies to undertake additional financial due diligence. These steps had forced the company to conclude that “the combination would be required to be effected on revised terms,” it advised today.
And the Edinburgh business has decided to pull the plug in light of these developments. It commented that it “does not believe it is currently possible to agree a revised set of terms with DX for the combination which would be in the interests of John Menzies shareholders.”
The company “has therefore terminated discussions with DX,” it said.
Menzies added that there remains strategic merit by separating its Distribution and Aviation divisions into two independent businesses however, as well as the potential to create shareholder value.
Ready to fly?
While latest developments have prompted it to go back to the drawing board, Menzies still looks like an attractive destination for growth investors.
The City expects it to flip back into the black from the losses of recent years, with consensus suggesting earnings of 54p per share in 2017. And this predicted spurt is not expected to be a flash in the pan either, with an 11% bottom-line improvement is predicted for next year, to 61p.
I reckon a subsequent forward P/E ratio of 12.9 times is excellent value given the company's resilience in tough markets. The business saw revenues at Aviation soar 12% during the four months to April, it announced in May, while it also noted that “contract gain momentum has continued with notable wins across each region.” And its Distribution arm was also trading in line with expectations, Menzies said.
I believe the company's low valuation could leave room for further share price strength, particularly should the next set of financials (first-half numbers are slated for Tuesday, August 15) impress.
Road warrior
Hill & Smith (LSE: HILS) is another stock tipped to be a great bet for growth hunters.
The number crunchers expect demand for the FTSE 250 firm's signs, barriers and assortment of other roadside decorations to keep driving northwards. And as a result, earnings are predicted to grow 10% in 2017, and by another 5% next year.
The Solihull business may not carry the same sort of value as Menzies however, its prospective P/E ratio of 18.9 times hovering above the broadly-considered value benchmark of 15 times.
But this should not necessarily deter investors, in my opinion, as Hill & Smith picks up traction at home as well as in the US — revenues were a record £291.8m during January-June, it advised last week, up 6% at constant currencies. And I anticipate that the top line will keep on bulging as infrastructure investment increases in both of the company's key markets.
ABC/Image Group LA
If you consider yourself a member of Thomas Rhett's Home Team, you'll want to make sure you've got the right outfit, and TR himself is here to help you out with that.
The singer has designed a new Home Team t-shirt in partnership with Project 615, a Nashville-based company that specializes in philanthropic apparel.
You can check out Thomas and his wife Lauren modeling the short-sleeved red shirt on social media, showing off a new Home Team logo that features the blue circle and three white stars from the Tennessee state flag.
All the proceeds from the $29.99 tee will go to 147 Million Orphans, a cause that's dear to TR and Lauren's heart. In addition to having their own baby in August, they're also adopting a little one from Africa through the organization.
You can order your t-shirt online, but you'd better hurry: the Home Team tee will only be available for the next couple weeks, through April 28.
Thomas Rhett plays two sold-out shows on his Home Team Tour in his hometown next Thursday and Friday, at Ascend Amphitheater in Nashville.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Like this: Like Loading...
Honda only sold the Element with a 2.4 L K24 inline-four and if you want more power then it's either boost or more displacement. For those that prefer displacement Mini Tec is working on a swap kit to install a J30 or J35 V6. The kit will include an adapter plate, engine mounts, and some other components. You can get a sense of quality and price range by viewing their Miata swap kit.
Source: Mini Tec
Toronto: A 25-year-old who ploughed a van into a crowded Toronto sidewalk was ordered held Tuesday on 10 counts of murder and 13 of attempted murder as Canadian authorities and the public sought to make sense of what appeared to be one of the deadliest mass murders in the country's modern history.
Alek Minassian showed little overt emotion as he made a brief appearance in a Toronto courtroom in a white jumpsuit and handcuffs. The judge ordered him detained without bond and scheduled the next hearing for 10 May.
Police, meanwhile, still appeared to be gathering evidence. About 20 officers made their way down the van's deadly path on Yonge Street searching for any evidence. Nearby, mourners had put together a makeshift memorial to the victims.
"It was like he was playing a video game, trying to kill as many people as possible," said Panna Patel, 42, who stopped by the memorial and had been at the scene a day earlier, getting cash from an ATM as it occurred. "He was looking people directly in the eye, making eye contact, it was so scary. He wasn't remorseful at all."
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau dismissed the possibility of terrorism, saying that authorities see no national security element in the case.
He told a news conference that the incident "hasn't changed the overall threat level in Canada," though it occurred as Cabinet ministers from the G7 nations were meeting in Toronto.
Authorities so far had not disclosed a possible motive or cause, though "the incident definitely looked deliberate," Police Chief Mark Saunders told reporters at a late-night news conference.
Saunders said Minassian, who lives in the Toronto suburb of Richmond Hill, had not been known to police previously. An online social media profile described him as a college student.
Authorities released few details in the case, saying the investigation was still underway, with witnesses being interviewed and surveillance video being examined.
"We are looking very strongly to what the exact motivation was for this particular incident to take place," Saunders said. "We need every single piece of this puzzle so we can have a fulsome picture and account as to exactly what took place here."
The driver was heading south on busy Yonge Street around 1:30 pm and the streets were crowded with people enjoying an unseasonably warm day when the van jumped onto the sidewalk.
Ali Shaker, who was driving near the van at the time, told Canadian broadcast outlet CP24 that the driver appeared to be moving deliberately through the crowd at more than 30 mph.
"He just went on the sidewalk," a distraught Shaker said. "He just started hitting everybody, man. He hit every single person on the sidewalk. Anybody in his way he would hit."
Witness Peter Kang told CTV News that the driver did not seem to make any effort to stop.
"If it was an accident he would have stopped," Kang said. "But the person just went through the sidewalk. He could have stopped."
Video broadcast on several Canadian outlets showed police arresting the driver, dressed in dark clothes, after officers surrounded him and his rental Ryder van several blocks from where the incident occurred in the North York neighbourhood of northern Toronto. He appeared to make some sort of gesture at the police with an object in his hand just before they ordered him to lie down on the ground and took him away.
Witness Phil Zullo said that he saw police arresting the suspect and people "strewn all over the road" where the incident occurred.
"I must have seen about five, six people being resuscitated by bystanders and by ambulance drivers," Zullo said. "It was awful. Brutal."
Police shut down the Yonge and Finch intersection following the incident and Toronto's transit agency said it had suspended service on the subway line running through the area.
Trudeau on Monday expressed his sympathies for those involved.
"We should all feel safe walking in our cities and communities," he said. "We are monitoring this situation closely, and will continue working with our law enforcement partners around the country to ensure the safety and security of all Canadians."
The stretch of Yonge Street where the victims were struck remains closed to traffic and was expected to stay blocked off for several days as police continue what is likely to be a lengthy investigation.
The incident prompted police to beef up security and close several streets around the Air Canada Centre on Monday night for the Toronto-Boston NHL playoff game. Police tweeted that similar road closures may be in effect for the Toronto Raptors NBA playoff game on Wednesday night.
The incident occurred as Cabinet ministers from the major industrial countries were gathered in Canada to discuss a range of international issues in the run-up to the G7 meeting near Quebec City in June. Canadian Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale called the incident a "horrific attack" and said the G7 foreign ministers extended their condolences.
SCAMMERS are banking on one thing; your curiosity.
Have you recently received a missed call on your phone? And even though you have heard the warning a dozen times, "don't call back numbers you can't identify”, scammers know there is a percentage of the population who can't resist dialling back "just in case it's something important”.
Returning unexpected missed calls from overseas numbers can hit you in the hip pocket.
The Coffs Coast Advocate has received several calls this week from readers saying the "Wangiri” scam is doing the rounds on local numbers again.
A Japanese term which loosely translates to "one and cut”, Wangiri scammers will call you, let the phone ring just once then hang up without leaving a message. By doing this, a missed call will appear on your phone from an international number. This is where your curiosity is tested.
Call that number back and chances are you will be put on hold with music playing or the scammer will try and engage you in conversation to keep you on the phone as long as possible because your call will be charged at a premium rate.
The Australian Competition & Consumer Commission (ACCC) has a number of tips on their website to help you protect yourself:
If you receive an unexpected missed call from an international number you don't recognise, ignore it.
If you are receiving repeated missed calls, block the number.
Consider blocking international calls on mobiles used by children. This prevents a child from accidentally calling an international number themselves.
When dealing with uninvited contacts from people or businesses, whether it's over the phone, by mail, fax, email, in person or on a social networking site, always consider the possibility that the approach may be a scam.
Have you been scammed? If you've returned one of these calls and receive a large bill, contact your telecommunications provider to discuss your options. If you're dissatisfied after dealing with your service provider, contact the Telecommunications Industry Ombudsman.
Even before I became the Sun's National Travel Editor, I had a love affair with hotels.
When our children were small, and our first little house was strewn with toys and boys — our two, plus friends — I would fantasize about living in a hotel — move in with two suitcases and own little else.
Daydreams of someone else keeping the place shipshape and never having to cook another meal were very, very appealing, if not practical. So I appreciate the fact this job has given me many opportunities to check out hotels — from modest to uber luxurious — around the world.
In the age of Airbnb, the hotel business is more competitive than ever. And, in response, hotels have stepped up their game with increasingly creative activities for guests.
Count on top hotelier Four Seasons to come up with some “wow” guest experiences at their hotels around the world.
Here is a small sample from two Italian properties:
* A new experience at Four Seasons Hotel Firenze allows guests to live like locals and spend a day on a Tuscan farm. Among the activities: Feeding chickens in the morning, sampling locally grown products at lunch and touring wine cellars in the afternoon. Sounds rough.
* Chocoholic? Four Seasons Hotel Milano's Chocolate Room has reopened for Sunday brunch. This year's theme is “tropical forest,” and the room is decorated with jungle-inspired vegetation and exotic animals — colourful butterflies, toucans, ladybirds and more — all crafted from chocolate. How much chocolate you ask? More than 330 kilos and 300 hours of work went into the sweet spectacle.
For more on Four Seasons, see fourseasons.com.
NYC Pride deal
June is Pride Month and New York's Refinery Hotel has a package that puts guests into the June 24 parade.
The Garment District hotel's Love Is Love deal includes: A two-night minimum stay in Atelier accommodations (June 22-24 or June 23-25), exclusive access for two to walk in the parade alongside The Meatball Shop float, brunch for two, one boozy slushy per person at the Refinery Rooftop, a $50 gift card for The Meatball Shop, welcome gift and apparel from The Meatball Shop to wear in the parade. From $609 per night. See refineryhotelnewyork.com.
Rock on
A new exhibit — Stay Tuned: Rock on TV — has opened at the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland.
“TV has done more for entertainers than any other medium,” said 2011 Rock & Roll Hall of Fame inductee Darlene Love in interview footage for the exhibit.
From the Ed Sullivan Show to The Voice, rock has shaped TV (and vice versa). The exhibit tells the story of how TV launched some of rock's iconic stars, brought them into our homes, kept them in the spotlight and connected them to us with music and visual imagery.
The multi-floor, multimedia exhibit includes archival footage, original artifacts — stage designs for the Beatles' historic Ed Sullivan Show appearance, outfits worn by Sonny and Cher on their hit series, etc. — and iconic videos including Tom Petty's
Don't Come Around Here No More and Michael Jackson's Thriller.
The exhibit is narrated with footage from Mike Meyers, Martha Quinn, Kelly Clarkson, Micky Dolenz, Kevin Eubanks, Cyndi Lauper, Paul Shaffer and Darlene Love.
“So many rock icons first broke out on television — and still do,” said Karen L. Herman, the Hall's v-p of Collections & Curatorial Affairs.
Stay Tuned: Rock on TV runs through March 2019. See rockhall.com.
Lovin' St. Lucia
Maybe it has something to do with this year's seemingly endless winter … but more people — including Canadians — are discovering the charming Eastern Caribbean island of St. Lucia.
Visitor arrivals are up 9.5% in the first quarter of 2018, compared to the same period last year. March alone, saw a 17.8% increase over March 2017.
St. Lucia is also seeing more cruise passengers — 355,821 so far this year, a 13.5% increase over the same period last year.
For travel information, see stlucia.org.
Air Canada takes off for Peru
Peru is becoming increasingly popular with Canadian travellers, and to meet the increased demand for flights, Air Canada will launch daily direct service between Toronto and Lima in June. The new flights will run through September.
Trump obviously viewed it differently. His morning tweet, besides claiming vindication, said, "Their (sic) was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!"
Sadia's alleged hijacker claims police beat him
Share
A screengrab of Sibonelo Mkhize appearing in the Chatsworth magistrates court on 30 May 2018. Credit: Supplied.
The only alleged hijacker nabbed for the death of nine-year-old Sadia Sukhraj, cut a beaten and meek figure in the Durban Magistrate's Court on Wednesday.
Sibonelo Mkhize had an injury to his right eye when he appeared in the dock. He claimed police had beaten him and that this resulted in a leg injury.
Mkhize has been provisionally charged with two counts of murder, one of kidnapping and one of theft.
Standing before Magistrate Mahomed Motala, the accused said he was made to sleep on the floors of the Durban Central police station's holding cells. This prompted people in the public gallery to laugh loudly.
Prosecutor Sureka Marimuthoo disputed his allegations and said Mkhize's injuries were caused by a public beating.
"I have spoken to the investigating officer and he says that the injuries were sustained during his arrest. A mob is said to have attacked him."
Motala ruled that Mkhize would spend the night in Westville Prison while his address, which he said was that of his aunt, was verified.
"The matter will be rolled over until tomorrow (Thursday) for address verification," Motala said.
Last respects
On Tuesday, thousands of mourners paid their respects to Sukhraj at the Christian Revival Centre (CRC).
At the burial ceremony, rain pelted down as family members sang church songs and stayed close together, constantly fighting tears.
Her father, well-known Pastor Shailendra Sukhraj, was in the car with her on Monday when the attempted hijacking happened, and it is alleged that he shot at the suspects as they drove off with his daughter.
The hijackers crashed into a truck shortly after. One assailant was arrested, another killed and the third is still on the run.
The community, outraged at the death of the young girl, marched to the Chatsworth police station on Monday evening. At least 20 people were arrested following protests.
Off the 20, police said on Wednesday that 18 were released on R1 000 bail each and one other on bail of R500.
One suspect was released and all 19 remaining accused were expected to return to court on July 4.
39-year-old Sibonelo Mkhize, the man accused of being a hijacker in #SadiaSukhraj death appears in Durban Magistrate's Court now. @TeamNews24 pic.twitter.com/UmedHpu0AA — Kaveel Singh (@kaveels) May 30, 2018
News24
President Trump took aim at Democrats on Monday morning in a tweet, claiming that they are responsible for "some of the worst trade deals in World History," which he promised to address.
Trump's tweet came several hours before he announced that he had asked his trade office to consider investigating China for the alleged theft of American technology and intellectual property.
Trump, in the midst of a 17-day vacation, left his New Jersey golf club to return to the White House to sign an executive action on the investigation. He suggested that more steps would be taken against China on trade issues.
"This is just the beginning — I want to tell you that," Trump said. "This is just the beginning."
There is no deadline for deciding if any investigation is necessary. Such an investigation easily could last a year.
Later Monday, Trump tweeted that it had been a "big day" and promised that "great trade deals" were in the works.
Authorities are warning residents of a new telephone scam hitting the Michigan area.
The Sanilac County Sheriff's Office said a resident filed the complaint about the scam.
The resident said they received a phone call from someone they thought was their relative. The person told the resident they were in an accident, but because of legal proceedings the resident would have to speak with an agent.
The agent then got on the phone and said because of the legal issues, they would need several thousand dollars to be posted as bond.
The agent asks the money be sent in gift cards or prepaid credit cards and they would call back to get the card numbers. They never provided a phone number and gave an excuse why they cannot take incoming calls, the resident said.
The agent then provided instructions on the amounts to purchase the gift cards for as not to raise suspicion at the store, police said.
The agent also promised reimbursement of the funds through insurance, which police said is also false.
If you receive a call like this do not provide any information or send money. Investigators said you should hang up immediately and report the scam so others will be aware and not fall victim.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
“We'll know our disinformation program is complete when everything the American public believes is false.” – William Casey, CIA Director 1981
Canadian Stefan Charles has re-signed with the Kansas City Chiefs.
Born and raised in the Toronto area, the run-stuffing defensive tackle agreed to term Monday on a one-year “prove-it” contract with the NFL club, a source told Postmedia.
Charles is entering his sixth year in the NFL, although he did not play last season.
After being cut by the Jacksonville Jaguars on the eve of the 2017 season he did not latch on with another team until the first week of the playoffs in January, when the Chiefs added him as emergency insurance for their defensive line. Charles did not dress for the Chiefs' home-field loss to the Tennessee Titans.
It was Tennessee that first signed Charles as an undrafted free agent in spring 2013, after a standout Canadian college career at the University of Regina.
In October 2013, the Buffalo Bills signed Charles to their active 53-man roster off Tennessee's practice squad. He saw playing time in Buffalo's interior D-line rotation for the remainder of that season, and in 2014 and '15. He started twice as a Bill, played in 35 games in Buffalo and notched five sacks and 29 tackles.
The 6-foot-5, 302-pounder proved a poor fit in Rex Ryan's defence, so upon becoming a free agent in 2016 he signed with the Detroit Lions, dressing for 12 games and getting in on seven tackles.
Last year in the off-season Charles signed with the Jacksonville Jaguars, where he was reunited with head coach Doug Marrone, who coached the Bills in 2013 and '14. But the Jags cut Charles on the Sunday before Week 1, when Jacksonville signed a slightly cheaper backup nose tackle, rookie Eli Ankou, who coincidentally is from Ottawa.
Charles, 29, rejoins fifth-year right guard Laurent Duvernay-Tardif of Mont-Saint-Hilaire, Que., on the Chiefs.
JoKryk@postmedia.com
@JohnKryk
The Tampa Bay Lightning begin their 25th season in franchise history Friday against the Florida Panthers, less than six months removed from falling one point short of a playoff berth.
Expectations were sky high heading into last season, with many in the hockey world picking the Lightning as a favorite to win the Stanley Cup. They'd made back-to-back Eastern Conference Final appearances the previous two seasons, including a trip to the 2015 Stanley Cup Final. General manager Steve Yzerman had kept the team together the previous summer against seemingly insurmountable odds. Steven Stamkos, Victor Hedman, Nikita Kucherov and Andrei Vasilevskiy were franchise cornerstones among those that inked new deals or contract extensions.
Falling Short of Expectations
Shortly after the puck dropped on the 2016-17 season though, things just didn't feel quite right with the Lightning.
There was the uncertainty of Ben Bishop's future with the club and the emergence of the defense as a weakness in its then-current state. There was also a seemingly endless string of injuries to key players, including Stamkos just 17 games into the season. Further compounding issues was the fact that the team looked out of sync a lot of nights — playing from behind often and a sloppy team game defensively — a far cry from how they'd played in recent seasons.
Despite the disappointing finish to the season, there were some bright spots for the Lightning. Vasilevskiy took over the No. 1 goaltending role after Bishop was traded to the Los Angeles Kings ahead of the NHL Trade Deadline. Yzerman was able to unload some big salaries before the offseason to free up cap space for the summer. The Lightning also got a look at many prospects in the NHL for the first time.
But perhaps most importantly heading into this season, the Lightning got the longest summer of rest they have had since missing the playoffs in the 2013-14 season.
As the Lightning prepare to play the Panthers to start the 2017-18 season, let's look at three big questions they face moving forward.
Can Steven Stamkos Stay Healthy?
Since April 1, 2016, Stamkos has played in 18 games — the lone playoff contest came in Game 7 of the 2016 Eastern Conference Final and another 17 games last season.
It's fair to say that when it comes to injuries, Stamkos has simply been unlucky the past four seasons. But if there's anyone that can bounce back strong from a torn lateral meniscus in their right knee, it's Stamkos.
In 2013-14, he broke his right tibia after crashing into a goal post just 17 games into the season. He would go on to play in just 37 contests that year. After playing an 82-game season in 2014-15 — one in which he tallied 43 goals and 72 points — he helped the Lightning to the Stanley Cup Final.
Late in the 2015-16 regular season, he suffered a blood clot injury and had his uppermost right rib removed as part of the treatment. He returned for Game 7 of the ECF but the Lightning were eliminated from playoff contention. Further adding to things was the speculation running rampant in the league about whether or not the Lightning could re-sign their captain to a long-term extension as he approached free agency.
But on June 29, 2016, Stamkos inked an eight-year, $68 million deal to stay with the Lightning. One by one, other pieces fell into place for the Lightning, with Hedman and Vasilevskiy signing contract extensions just days later and Kucherov taking a three-year bridge deal to return to the club.
Stamkos returned in 2016-17 on a mission, playing arguably the best hockey of his career and tallying 20 points in 17 games. After tearing the lateral meniscus in his right knee in what was an otherwise innocent looking play, he was lost for the season. When Stamkos went down before the 2016 playoffs, the team's depth picked up the slack. But things were a little different last season. The Lightning suffered a string of injuries to other key players and never seemed to get into a groove — despite a solid stable of prospects who stepped up in increased roles during the playoff push.
If the preseason is any indication, Stamkos is ready to roll. He was held goalless but tallied five assists in four games. But most important of all, was the instant chemistry he had after being reunited with Kucherov and the fact that Stamkos had his legs so early in his return.
For the Lightning to be at their best, they need Stamkos in the lineup night in and night out. It keeps other players slotted in their respective places in the lineup and adds another scoring threat for opposing teams to defend against. He's also a player whose presence is priceless in the locker room.
Will Mikhail Sergachev Play Out the Season in the NHL?
Ever since Sergachev was acquired from the Montreal Canadiens in exchange for rising star Jonathan Drouin, the question was whether or not he would start the season in a Lightning uniform.
The 19-year-old blueliner immediately bolstered the franchise's depth on defense but it was unknown whether it would be at the NHL level or not, at least in the present. From the start of training camp, Sergachev made a strong case to begin the season at the game's highest level.
He showed poise and confidence in six games of action in the preseason. But besides playing beyond his years, he also chipped in a goal and two assists — leading all defensemen in scoring — impressive in itself, despite the fact that it was only preseason.
The important consideration with Sergachev is that Yzerman and head coach Jon Cooper will want to bring him along carefully. He's a top flight prospect playing a tough position and the Lightning gave up an offensive force in Drouin to land him.
Because of his age, Sergachev is ineligible to be assigned to the Syracuse Crunch in the American Hockey League. This means that if he isn't playing in the NHL, he will be back in the Ontario Hockey League with the Windsor Spitfires. Yzerman and Cooper will have to weigh the pros and cons of keeping him in Tampa Bay long-term this season.
Playing in the NHL means he will have valuable professional experience, but it will depend on where he slots into the lineup. Right now, he has the opportunity to be a top-4 defenseman and learn from the likes of Hedman and Anton Stralman. If he heads back to juniors, he will be playing against kids again and it may not be what he needs to continue to push his progression as a player.
But if he stays in the NHL, how long will he be there this season? Only time will tell — particularly his performance in his first nine games — but the Lightning will keep entry-level contract and future free agency rules in mind as they make their decision.
“ CBA reminder for junior-aged NHL rookies: 10 games burns a year of ELC; 41 games counts as an accrued season so reaches UFA one year sooner — Pierre LeBrun (@PierreVLeBrun) October 5, 2017 ”
Will Tyler Johnson Return to Form?
Johnson has been an important part of the Lightning over the past four seasons. But as he begins the first season of his new seven-year, $35 million contract, you have to wonder if this is the year he returns to form.
In his first two full regular seasons in the NHL, Johnson averaged nearly 80 games and added almost 27 goals and 35 assists. In 30 postseason contests, he totaled 14 goals and 11 assists, and was arguably the team's best player en route to the 2015 Stanley Cup Final.
But the deep playoff run took its toll on Johnson. He battled a lingering wrist injury during the 2015-16 season and despite a strong performance in the playoffs (17 points in 17 games), this past season was a challenge.
Johnson played well at times during the 2016-17 season — and always gave his world-class effort — but it seemed like he was a player who couldn't find his long-term groove, for one reason or another.
In the past two seasons, Johnson has been limited to an average of nearly 68 games and tallied almost 17 goals and 25 assists per year.
With a brand-new contract and a long summer to get healthy, it will be crucial for Johnson to return to form and do it out of the gate.
Meeting Expectations
The Lightning start with a fresh slate Friday and will look to build upon the learning experience that came last season. It brings the same high expectations, as many are picking the Lightning as a favorite out of the Eastern Conference.
There are a lot of positive things working in the team's favor to open the 2017-18 season.
Over the summer, Yzerman was able to re-sign Johnson and Ondrej Palat, while also adding veteran depth in free agency with the additions of Chris Kunitz and Dan Girardi. Penalty-killing specialist Ryan Callahan returns from a hip injury and feels healthy. Yanni Gourde, who was one of the team's most effective players at the end of last season, has earned himself a spot on the roster. Brayden Point will begin his sophomore campaign after being an important piece of the team as a rookie. Vasilevskiy also starts his first full season as the clear-cut No. 1 goaltender.
But will the team's improved defense be enough and can a long summer be the missing ingredient for battling injuries and playing consistently throughout the season?
The answer to these questions and more will become clearer starting Friday.
Busting the rich, international myth: International students on aid tackle burdens, display resilience
Editor's note: This is the second part of a two-part series that centers on the stories of international students on financial aid. The first part can be found online.
Though there is a stereotype that all international students in the United States are wealthy and paying for their education out-of-pocket, this is not the reality for more than 100 Tufts students. After featuring the stories of sophomore Carol Rossell and first-year Manish Aryal, today, we feature two more students who share the experience of being low-income and international.
Maureen Kalimba Isimbi, sophomore
Kalimba Isimbi is majoring in engineering psychology and minoring in engineering management. She calls Kigali, the capital city of Rwanda, her home. She spends approximately 10 hours a week working as a student assistant at the International Center (I-Center) and as an on-call math tutor. She finds that having a job is challenging on her schedule and can sometimes impact her academics or the time she needs to take care of herself.
“If I had to come here and just study without working that would be great,” she said.
However, she recognizes that having to balance school and work is giving her valuable skills.
“It's good that I have a job because it's giving me a lot of experience for the future,” she said.
While Kalimba Isimbi has a good financial aid package that meets most of her financial need, she expressed that Tufts could do a better job with their financial aid packages for international students, such as covering summer school tuition.
“There are some things other schools include in their financial aid that I wish Tufts included in their packages especially for low-income international students,” Kalimba Isimbi said. “For example, if you are an engineer, you need so many credits, and if you can't study in the summer then you end up having to take six classes each semester, which is mentally and emotionally exhausting.”
Moreover, Kalimba Isimbi believes that future financial aid packages should also cover Curricular Practical Training (CPT), a program allowing international students to participate in off-campus work opportunities related to their field of study, which will nearly double in cost to $966 this summer. The cost of CPT will be waived for students with the highest need, but I-Center staff have expressed concern about the ability of others who do not qualify for the waiver to take on summer internships, according to an April 17 article in the Daily.
As the International Community Senator, Kalimba Isimbi has been advocating to set up funding for essential things that international students do not always have the funds for, such as being able to visit their family at some point during the school year.
“This past year, I was working on getting tickets for international students to go home, because it is really hard to spend four years without going home,” she said.
While Kalimba Isimbi is thankful for her generous aid package, she noted that the amount of aid an international student receives can impact how challenging their experience at Tufts might be.
“It depends on the financial aid you're getting; if you get a good package, it relieves you in some way. When your package misses essential things, then there is pressure to work more hours and find other resources to have access to opportunities,” she said.
For instance, Kalimba Isimbi expressed that financial aid can severely impact what opportunities one has access to.
“You can't pursue unpaid internships, because even though you are so interested in them, your financial [situation] will be suffering from that, so you have to always consider the financial aspect of an opportunity,” Kalimba Isimbi said. “All the spring break trips I've had had all been associated with organizations, which is the only way I can travel. When friends suggest going on a trip, I can't go because it's a lot of money to spend.”
Kalimba Isimbi also stressed that being low-income doesn't just impact the social experience, but can also keep a student from attending an event beneficial to their professional growth, such as conferences and career fairs.
Being on financial aid has forced Kalimba Isimbi to always be aware of her situation. She stressed that she must always make sure she's working so that she is financially stable in the future because expenses that come after graduation also worry her.
“You need to really save and you are always thinking about the future, which can be stressful and make you allocate more time for work when you should be studying, resting or taking care of yourself,” she said.
Overall, Kalimba Isimbi believes that Tufts does a good job at giving out generous packages, but there is always room for improvement, especially in helping students have access to the full college experience outside of just tuition, room and board.
“Financial aid does a good job for some individuals who could not attend Tufts without the aid. However, the tuition rises and some essential things should be put into consideration to give all students a better experience when attending Tufts,” she said.
Raimy Shin, senior
Shin is a child study and human development and clinical psychology double major. She was born in South Korea but grew up in Thailand, so both places have become her home in different ways. Since her first year at Tufts, work has been one of Shin's constant activities.
“In my first two years, work was my priority so I would change my class schedule in order to fit my work schedule,” she said.
Currently she works as a sound technician at Cohen Auditorium and front desk staff assistant at the Eliot-Pearson Children's School. Additionally, she is completing an unpaid internship at Massachusetts General Hospital, which she would not be doing if not for her clinical psychology major requirements, because she does not have the time to do any unpaid work.
For Shin, balancing work and academics is nothing new, since she has been doing it even before she got to Tufts.
“I've worked since I was in middle school, so I think it's natural to me and not having a job would feel weird,” she said.
Shin has always been aware of the fact that participating in certain social activities means spending money, therefore she's always worked hard and saved enough money, which gives her a sense of pride.
“I make sure that I am not missing out socially, even if it means having to work a little harder for it, but I've always done that,” she said.
Despite it being challenging at times, Shin enjoys being able to have a job while she goes to school because of everything she has gained from her work experiences.
“It is a positive actor in my life instead of something that is difficult,” she said.
Even though she's found a lot of growth through working, Shin must be selective when it comes to choosing what opportunities to pursue.
“I think that the fact that I am not even thinking about unpaid internships limits me because there are a lot of great opportunities in college that are unpaid but I can't do them. Sometimes I have to do opportunities not as related to my major simply because they are paid,” she said.
Despite having to pay for books and other essential things herself, Shin feels grateful and lucky for the financial support Tufts has given her.
“I have felt really supported and I feel like I have had individual attention. The financial aid office has seen me as a person,” she said.
However, the support does not stop her from frequently feeling anxious about her financial insecurity.
“[One challenge is] never having security and knowing if I'm able to come back next year,” Shin said. “I think more than the logistical challenges, it's that feeling that I don't have control over my own education, and no matter what I do, it can be pulled from under me if someone decides not to fund me anymore.”
Something else that Shin has to deal with is the dominant, stereotypical narrative associated with being an international student.
“The dominant narrative is that we bring the money to the school and are wealthy and travel all the time. My narrative is that I am filing taxes and financial aid, [using my personal] documents that aren't in English, my parents don't speak English, and I have to do it all alone,” she said.
Additionally, Shin finds that it can be difficult dealing with her multiple and intersecting identities on an institutional level.
“I think being international is one layer of my identity and being low income is another part of my identity, and people don't understand the intersection between those identities,” Shin said. “Sometimes I call one office and they send me to another office and vice-versa, and I wonder where are the resources that can coordinate this for me instead of doing it all by myself, and it's a lot of work that goes unrecognized.”
Aside from identifying as an international and low-income student, Shin is also a first-generation student, and this has impacted her experience as well.
“The more educated I become, the less connected I feel to my family, because they are not educated. The way that they see me is so distant. It's great that I am gaining more opportunities, but if it means leaving my family behind, it's not a sacrifice I want to take. I don't think people who have parents and family who are educated face that kind of dilemma,” she said.
During her time at Tufts, Shin has been able to find a support system that has made going through challenges easier.
“I don't know about everyone, but my friends are very accommodating and I've been so grateful for that,” she said.
As vice-president of the International Club, Shin has also been working all year to ensure that information about additional financial resources available to international students is easy to access. She believes that more could be done to ensure that low-income international students have a better college experience.
“I think being international is a big part of who you are when you are in the United States, so the other identities you relate to can be forgotten. Being low-income and international is a very specific experience and more could be done to cater to that experience,” she said.
Dusan Ristic scored 21 points for Arizona (19-5, 9-2) and Allonzo Trier had 17 of his 20 in the second half. Ayton was a force on the inside with 19 points, 12 rebounds and three blocks, but missed a free throw with 21 seconds left that would have given Arizona the lead.
Thousands of Islamist hardliners marched in Bangladesh's port city of Chittagong Friday calling for the government to arm Rohingya Muslim refugees fleeing a crackdown in Myanmar's troubled Rakhine state.
More than half a million Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh since attacks by militants belonging to the Muslim minority on Myanmar police posts sparked brutal reprisals by security forces.
The refugees accuse Myanmar's army - flanked by mobs of ethnic Rakhine - of slaughtering them and burning their villages in a campaign which the United Nations says amounts to "ethnic cleansing".
Myanmar's military have blamed the unrest on the Rohingya.
Up to 15,000 people joined the demonstrations in Bangladesh's second largest city, police said, organised by hardline Islamist group Hefazat-e-Islam to protest against the killings of the Rohingya.
"We demanded a halt to the genocide of the Rohingya," Hefazat spokesman Azizul Hoque told AFP.
"We have also asked the government to train and arm the Rohingya so that they can liberate their homeland," he said.
Communities in Chittagong share close cultural, religious and linguistic ties with the Rohingya, and images on social media purportedly showing abuses against the Muslim minority in mainly Buddhist Myanmar have aroused strong sympathy in Bangladesh.
Islamist parties, including Hefazat, have staged several demonstrations over the issue in recent weeks and some firebrand leaders have called on the government to go to war with Myanmar to liberate Rakhine for the persecuted Rohingya.
Experts said Bangladeshi Islamist extremist groups could exploit the situation and forge closer ties with Rohingya militants.
The plight of the Rohingya, a Muslim minority who are reviled and denied citizenship in Myanmar, has roused anger across the Islamic world, with protests held in Pakistan, Malaysia and Indonesia.
The influx has also put Bangladesh under immense strain, with the South Asian country already hosting at least 300,000 Rohingya refugees in squalid camps along its border with Myanmar before the latest surge in arrivals.
SAN FRANCISCO — Amazon's annual shareholders meeting begins at 9 a.m. in Seattle's funky Fremont neighborhood today. The event is generally fairly low-key on the inside, with CEO Jeff Bezos giving an overview of the previous year to about 100 shareholders, while outside groups protest Amazon's business practices.
The protests are expected to be raucous enough that the Washington State Department of Transportation listed two potential traffic issues in the region in its Wednesday morning tweet — the Amazon demonstrations in Seattle and band Maroon 5 performing in Tacoma.
This year the No Gay, No Way group, which is pushing the company to only place its second headquarters in states with strong gay rights laws, says it plans to have drag queens strut outside while airplane-drawn banners float through the sky above the meeting.
Pilots for Amazon Air cargo are also expected to protest at the meeting. They fly Amazon cargo jets for Atlas Air and ABX Air and say they are not adequately staffed, which makes for difficult working conditions.
An activist group called SumOfUs is also waging a campaign in support of a proposal to separate the roles of CEO and chairman of the board at Amazon. Jeff Bezos holds both positions.
More: How to listen to what Amazon's Alexa has recorded in your home
It plans to hire a plane to fly over the meeting trailing a banner that reads, “Bezos Needs a Boss.”
The Service Employees International Union, SumOfUs, climate justice group 350 Seattle, the Socialist Alternative socialist political party and community members angry at the negative impacts they say Amazon has had on their communities also plan to demonstrate.
Another proposal being put forward at the meeting asks that Amazon commit to a version of the Rooney Rule and include women and minorities when it interviews for open board positions. Currently Amazon's board is made up of seven men and three women, all white.
Amazon had originally opposed the measure but two weeks ago the board shifted course, adopting as policy the inclusion of a diverse slate of candidates for director openings.
Jesse Jackson is in Seattle for the Amazon board meeting. Reached by USA TODAY, he said "Leadership comes from the top down, and often what we see is the Trumpizing of our environment."
He said he was eager for Amazon to make sure its board wasn't all white.
Amazon declined to comment on the planned protests.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
OKARA-The Pakistan Kissan Ittehad (PKI) announced that it would take out a farmers' march on September 13, 2017 on tractor-trolleys towards Islamabad with camping arrangements in line with the former premier Nawaz Sharif's rally.
Addressing a press conference at Okara Press Club (OPC), PKI President Khalid Mehmood also declared that the marchers would not return from Islamabad without acceptance of their demands. He said no resistance of any kind or coercion from the government would be tolerated.
He termed the present national budget a pack of fraud and lies.
He said the the federal finance minister destroyed and buried under soil the economic policy of the country.
He demanded the govt end the general sales tax on fertilisers and other inputs. He urged the govt to remit the present outstanding electricity bills of tube-wells on farmers and fix onward a round the clock rate of Rs4 per unit for tube-wells.
He said the govt must fix prices of crops and the sugarcane farmers' Rs25 billion be recovered from the sugar mills.
He said Nawaz Sharif had borne the brunt of his coercion on farmers in Islamabad. He said, 'God's wrath is silent!'.
He said this time the farmers' protest would be of historical significance as no obstruction, resistance or blockade would be allowed to bar the protest.
He said if a disqualified prime minister could take out long march from Islamabad to Lahore, why can't the most patriotic, land loving, food producing class of the people hold protest
. However, if the govt obstructs the protest, the whole of Punjab would be shuttered down, he said. He repeated that the Punjab farmers' march would collectively lead from Lahore to Islamabad on 13th of September, 2017.
Niche, a company that researches and collects reviews on cities, recently ranked the safest cities in the US.
The researchers analyzed public crime data - including larceny, vehicular theft, and homicide rates - from sources including the US Census and the FBI. They also considered more than 100 million reviews from users, who rated how safe they feel in their cities. The ranking suggests that California, with nine of the top 25 cities, is one of the safest states in the US.
The 25 safest cities in America, according to Niche, are:
Naperville, IL Irvine, CA Thousand Oaks, CA Provo, UT Round Rock, TX Ann Arbor, MI Carlsbad, CA Port St. Lucie, FL Sunnyvale, CA Cape Coral, FL Plano, TX Glendale, CA Temecula, CA Overland Park, KS Burbank, CA Richardson, TX Fort Collins, CO Boise, ID Rochester, MN Santa Clara, CA College Station, TX Torrance, CA Bellevue, WA Boulder, CO McAllen, TX
https://www.niche.com/places-to-live/search/safest-cities/
As opening night nears for Broadway sensation “Hello, Dolly!,” Bette Midler has had a wild week in previews.
On Friday night, we hear, she had a coughing fit that stopped the show cold. But she ad-libbed her way out of it, as a co-star even brought her a cup of water and a lozenge onstage. She regained her composure and ended the scene by quipping, “Live theater, who can beat it?” before falling to the floor, bringing the house down and getting a standing ovation for her efforts.
Said a witness at the show, “The preview period for ‘Hello, Dolly!' got more interesting as opening night approaches” on Thursday (April 20). On Friday, “At the culminating moment of Act 1, when Bette is expected to belt out the classic ‘Before the Parade Passes By,' she had an unexpected coughing fit. It stopped the musical dead in its tracks.” Midler was able to quip to the crowd, “Wish me luck,” as she continued to cough.
Her co-star, “Gavin Creel, a trouper in his own right, raced onstage and handed the actress a much-welcome plastic cup of water. Midler, as Dolly, purred a ‘thank you' and then tried the number again, belting out the classic flawlessly. Bette's performance brought the audience to its feet even before the number ended.”
Another source told us that “later in the scene, when Creel and Kate Baldwin entered, Gavin brought Bette a lozenge and she made a joke, ‘Live theater! Who can beat it?' and fell to the floor. The audience went nuts.” She received three standing ovations during the night.
When asked for comment on the coughing fit, uber-producer Scott Rudin said, “I can't think of anyone else on Broadway — ever — who has started a number with a coughing fit and ended it with 1,500 people on their feet cheering.”
The musical revival has set records before opening with more than $40 million in advance ticket sales.
Lory Gil and Mikah Sargent team up to chat about the latest news from the Apple-verse, including word from Nintendo that Mario Kart is coming to smartphones! They also talk about the latest additions to Animal Crossing: Pocket Camp, plus rumors about the iPhone X supply chain and a possible iPhone SE 2. Check it out!
Listen now
Director Edgar Wright has dismissed reports that he has discussed making a Hot Fuzz sequel with Simon Pegg and said it is "probably not" going to happen.
Reports of a second film being discussed flooded the internet after Wright was quoted by a website as saying he had discussed ideas with the actor "at points".
But speaking at the premiere of Baby Driver, his latest film, in Los Angeles on Wednesday he said it is unlikely to happen.
"No, that's been misreported," he told the Press Association.
When pressed if it is a likelihood, he said: "No, probably not."
Baby Driver tells the story of a getaway driver, played by Ansel Elgort, who relies on music to fend off his tinnitus.
He falls for a woman, played by Downton Abbey's Lily James, before getting involved in a crime syndicate featuring Kevin Spacey, Jamie Foxx and Jon Hamm.
Wright said he came up with the idea for the film 22 years ago when he was listening to a song.
In 2003 he used part of the concept for a music video for Mint Royale's track Blue Song.
Great British Bake Off presenter Noel Fielding played the getaway driver in the video but Wright said he was not considered for the movie role.
"No, we needed an American lead and someone who is 20 years old but the clip of that video with Noel Fielding is in the movie," he said.
Baby Driver is out in UK cinemas on June 28.
WASHINGTON - The Supreme Court has rejected an appeal from detained immigrant mothers and their children who claim they will be persecuted if they are returned to their Latin American homelands.
The justices on Monday left in place a lower- court ruling that said the families did not have a right to contest their deportation in federal court.
The families, 28 women and 33 children ages 2 to 17 from El Salvador, Honduras and Guatemala, had hoped the justices would overturn a lower court's ruling preventing them from having their expedited removal orders reviewed by a federal judge. That Philadelphia-based court said the status of the families, all apprehended in Texas and later held in Pennsylvania, was akin to non-citizens who are denied entry at the border and they were not entitled to a court hearing to challenge that decision.
Immigration has become an even hotter topic than usual in the United States since President Donald Trump took office in January. His administration has ordered construction of a border wall with Mexico intended to curb illegal immigration, and plans to expand the number of people targeted for expedited removal, a process that applies to non-citizens lacking valid entry documents. The families have said they were escaping threats, violence and police authorities unable or unwilling to help in their home countries. Lead plaintiff Rosa Castro fled El Salvador to escape years of rape, beatings and emotional abuse by the father of her son, who was 6 years old when they arrived in the United States in 2015, according to court papers.
Lesly Cruz, who also arrived in 2015, fled Honduras to protect her daughter from sexual assault by members of the Mara Salvatrucha armed gang, the court papers said.
The families were apprehended in Texas within hours of illegally crossing the US-Mexican border. After claiming asylum, they were determined by immigration judges to lack "credible fear" of persecution, and placed in expedited removal proceedings.
The families were detained at Berks County Residential Center in Leesport, Pennsylvania, where 12 women and their children remain. The others have been released under orders of supervision, according to the American Civil Liberties Union, which is representing them.
The women challenged in federal court the rejection of their asylum claims, alleging a violation of their right to due process under the US Constitution.
In August, the 3rd US Circuit Court of Appeals in Philadelphia said they may be treated the same way as non-citizens seeking initial admission to the United States, who do not have any constitutional rights of review if denied entry.
The women appealed to the Supreme Court.
There has been a 93 percent drop since December of parents and children caught trying to cross the Mexican border illegally into the United States, which US officials attribute to the Trump administration's tough policies.
A suicide car bombing by al Shabaab militants on two neighbouring restaurants in Somalia's capital Mogadishu killed 18 persons. Later reports said gunmen were killed by security forces.
The attack began around 8 pm on Wednesday evening with a suicide car bombing at the Post Treats restaurant and club, after which gunmen stormed inside the nearby Pizza House restaurant. Both venues are popular with affluent, young and diaspora Somalis and were busy on Wednesday, with customers breaking their Ramadan fast.
"The operation is over now and the gunmen were killed by the security forces," said Mohamed Ahmed Arab, spokesman for Somalia's security ministry.
"They have attacked business places and killed innocent civilians, 18 civilians were killed, including a Syrian national, and more than 10 others were wounded," he said.
Reports said the gunmen spent the night roaming the restaurant, killing those they found trapped before security forces intervened.
Gunmen were also holding at least 20 people hostage in a restaurant, police said.
"The fighters are still inside Pizza House and they hold inside over 20 people. We do not know how many of those are dead or alive," Ibrahim Hussein, a police major, told Reuters.
Earlier on Wednesday, police said nine people, mostly women who were hotel staff, had died in the attack. Security officials said a suicide attacker had rammed an explosive-laden car into the hotel's entrance before gunmen stormed the restaurant.
"A suspected car bomb is also parked in front of Pizza House. This and snipers have made it difficult for the security forces to head inside,' said Hussein.
Other officials said victims inside the hotel had been safely evacuated, but there are likely to be more casualties. Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attacks; the group has carried out a campaign of suicide bombings, in its bid to topple the Somali government and impose its strict interpretation of Islam.
"A mujahid (fighter) with his suicide car bomb martyred himself after he rammed into the Posh Hotel, which is a nightclub. The operation goes on," Abdiasis Abu Musab, the group's military spokesman, told Reuters.
Since losing large swathes of territory to African Union peacekeepers supporting the government, the group has frequently launched raids and deadly attacks in Mogadishu and other regions controlled by the federal government.
The East African country has been hit by armed conflict since 1991, when clan-based warlords overthrew dictator Siad Barre and then turned on each other.
With input from agencies
Wed, Jun 14: Global's Leslie Horton talks to Tsuut'ina First-Nation Chief Lee Crowchild about being named one of the 2017 Calgary Stampede Parade Marshals.
Labor has accused the prime minister of trying to influence the High Court over Barnaby Joyce's eligibility to sit in parliament.
Attorney-General George Brandis doesn't share his prime minister's absolute confidence in the High Court ruling to save the political career of Barnaby Joyce.
Malcolm Turnbull told parliament on Monday the deputy prime minister was qualified to sit in the House of Representatives and "the High Court will so hold".
Senator Brandis was not nearly as confident.
"You can never be absolutely certain of outcomes in the High Court," he told ABC radio on Tuesday, noting none of the seven judges on the bench sat on earlier cases that considered Section 44 of the constitution.
"We're reasonably confident he (Mr Joyce) doesn't have a problem here."
Labor has accused the prime minister of trying to influence the judges and ignore the separation of powers that exists between government and the courts.
"These were the comments of an arrogant prime minister who came perilously close to directing the High Court," shadow attorney-general Mark Dreyfus told ABC radio.
Senator Brandis denies Mr Turnbull was telling the court what to rule.
"It is not a directive at all," he said.
Cabinet minister Christopher Pyne also downplayed Mr Turnbull's prediction of a favourable ruling, saying the government was "pretty confident" based on legal advice from the solicitor-general.
The court is being asked to decide whether Mr Joyce, who was born in Australia to the father of a New Zealand citizen, holds dual citizenship.
Struggling Sunderland are not playing well enough to play “pretty football” and will have to outwork teams to climb the Championship table.
That's the view of attacking midfielder George Honeyman, who has offered a revealing insight into Sunderland's current approach.
Sunderland have got off to a terrible start in the second tier since relegation from the Premier League, with Simon Grayson overseeing just a single league win in 11 games.
A hard-fought point away at Preston North End raised hopes that a corner could soon be turned with a more to back to basics approach.
Honeyman, who has three goals this season, admits the Black Cats are not in a position to play flowing football from the back and have to adopt a more “effective,” direct approach.
The 23-year-old academy graduate says Sunderland will have to outwork teams and do the ugly side of the game to start climbing the table.
Honeyman said: “I don't think we're in a position where we're playing well enough to start playing pretty football, getting it down and passing it out from the back.
“We've got to try and outwork teams, pick up second balls.
“It might not be pretty at times but I think we showed at Preston it can be effective, especially with Duncan Watmore getting on the flick-ons and stuff. It's going to be effective and we've just got to stick with it.”
Sunderland is without a game this weekend due to the international break, they return to action at home to QPR at the Stadium of Light next Saturday.
* Sunderland's U23s kick-off their Premier League International Cup Group B campaign against Hertha Berlin at the Stadium of Light on Tuesday (KO 7pm).
Elliott Dickman's side, who reached the final of the competition last season, will also take on Polish side Legia Warsaw and fellow Premier League 2 outfit Leicester City.
Tickets are priced at £3 for adults and £1 for over-65s and under-16s. Turnstiles 1-8 and 17-24, located in the west stand, will be open from 6pm and car parking is available on a first-come, first-served basis. There is no free entry for season cardholders due to competition rules.
It also maintains the option for the U.S. to use nuclear weapons in a first strike, while not clarifying the exact conditions under which the president might do so. The Cold War-era policy was aimed at deterring Moscow and other adversaries and reassuring allies in Europe and Asia that the U.S. will come to their defense.
Bob Dorough, the jazz pianist, vocalist, and composer behind the music of Schoolhouse Rock!, has passed away. A spokesman for Dorough confirmed the news today, telling the Wrap that he died Monday at his home in Mt. Bethel, Pennsylvania. He was 94 years old.
Born in Arkansas and raised in Texas, Dorough fell in love with music after joining the band at his high school in Plainview, Texas. After spending three years serving in a special services army band unit as an arranger, clarinetist, saxophonist, and pianist, he studied composition and piano at the University Of North Texas and then moved to New York City in 1949 to continue his studies at Columbia University.
Dorough soon abandoned academia to pursue a career as a professional jazz musician, performing at various clubs around the city, recording with Blossom Dearie, and playing in between sets by comedian Lenny Bruce. His first album as a bandleader, 1956's Devil May Care, attracted the attention of the legendary Miles Davis, and the two went on to record “Nothing Like You” and “Blue Xmas” together, both composed by and featuring vocals from Dorough.
In 1971, a New York advertising executive whose son was having trouble with math asked Dorough to set the multiplication tables to music. He ended up writing and recording “Three Is A Magic Number” and became the musical director of Schoolhouse Rock!, the educational cartoon series that originally ran from 1973-1985 on ABC before being revived for five years in the 1990s.
In addition to writing and performing for Schoolhouse Rock!, Dorough continued to record as both as a sideman and a bandleader. His most recent album, But For Now, was released in 2015. Revisit some of his work below.
PARIS — Woody Allen's French film distributor has defended the American director against sexual abuse claims, saying he has been unfairly caught up in the fallout surrounding the #MeToo movement.
Writing in the French weekly Le Point, Mars Films head Stephane Celerier dismissed renewed allegations by Allen's adopted daughter, Dylan Farrow, that Allen molested her in an attic in 1992 when she was 7. Celerier describes the accusation as a family drama caught in the crosshairs of the #MeToo movement amid fallout from the allegations of rape and sexual harassment against Hollywood film producer Harvey Weinstein.
It is “shameless opportunism,” Celerier said. “(The claim) taints the dignity of real victims.”
Celerier's defense of Allen is the latest chapter in an emerging narrative in France, particularly in its film industry, that the Hollywood anti-abuse campaign has gone too far.
Farrow in January gave her first on-camera interview to “CBS This Morning” about her longstanding abuse allegations against the 82-year-old filmmaker. Allen has long denied the allegations and was investigated but not charged.
Since the Weinstein allegations, France — the country synonymous with love — has been stumbling as it addresses the issue of sexual harassment and violence against women.
Last month, French actress Catherine Deneuve set the feminist world ablaze by co-signing a letter accusing the post-Weinstein groundswell of allegations of being puritanical.
In November, France's famed film institute La Cinematheque Francaise went ahead with a retrospective of works by director Roman Polanski despite opposition by feminist groups. The institute said its role was not to moralize. The Polish-born director in the 1970s pleaded guilty to having sex in the U.S. with a 13-year-old girl whom he plied with champagne and Quaaludes.
Polanski, who lives in France, and Allen continue to be highly revered by the French public. Polanski was honored last year as president of the Cesar awards, France's answer to the Oscars.
The city spent more than $160,000 on a two-week promotion to boost sales at restaurants affected by the King St. streetcar pilot project, according to figures released Wednesday. A news release issued by the city said the “Food is King” promotion, which was launched in partnership with the Ritual takeout-ordering app, was a success, and led to “significant sales increases and new customers” at business near the contentious pilot project.
Average trip times have decreased by as much as 2.7 minutes in the King streetcar pilot project area. ( Doug Ives / THE CANADIAN PRESS FILE PHOTO )
“The King Street Transit Pilot project has introduced improved transit service on one of our busiest routes with minimum impact on drivers,” said Mayor John Tory in a statement. “With the Food is King Ritual partnership, we have also made sure that the King Street pilot is driving business and new customers to our local establishments.” The pilot, which was originally budgeted at $1.5 million, was designed to give priority to streetcar operations on the busy downtown street between Jarvis and Bathurst Sts. When it was installed in November the city removed on-street parking on King and imposed new traffic rules that compel drivers to turn off the street at most major intersections.
Article Continued Below
Although by some measures the project has significantly improved streetcar service, some restaurant owners have said it has driven away their business. To help establishments that say they're hurting, the city has launched a number of initiatives, including public realm improvements designed to draw more people to King. Through the Food Is King promotion, the city helped subsidize a $15 credit to eligible users of the Ritual food-ordering app for purchases at 52 restaurants on or near King in the pilot area. The program ran from Feb. 20 to March 4. The city spent $164,470 on the promotion, while Ritual made an additional $100,000 investment, according to the city. Figures collected through the app indicate that the promotion led to 27,288 additional orders placed at the restaurants through Ritual compared to the weekly average three weeks before the promotion. That corresponded with a $426,005 increase in sales through the app during the same period. Restaurants experienced “a sustained sales increase” into April, according to the city's news release, and Ritual attracted 6,995 new customers to its platform, the release said.
Ian Sorbie, the president of Il Fornello Restaurants, said the city's efforts to help King establishments haven't softened his objections to how the pilot project has been implemented. Sorbie, whose restaurant didn't participate in the Ritual promotion, said business at his King St. location is actually up, but he attributed that to extremely popular shows like Come From Away playing at the nearby Royal Alexandra Theatre.
Article Continued Below
“We're in champagne country right now, because we're doing great because of the shows … But when it's plonk season because there are no shows going on … it's going to be very, very difficult down here” because of the pilot, Sorbie predicted. He reiterated calls for the city to lift the pilot project rules to allow through-traffic outside of rush hour and during weekends. “We need to be making it easier for people to get to us, not more difficult,” he said. According to the latest figures published by the city, the pilot has increased reliability of streetcar service, with 85 per cent of westbound vehicles arriving within four minutes of the previous car during morning rush hour, compared to 77 per cent before the pilot project. Average trip times in the pilot area have decreased during most times, with the largest reduction, of 2.7 minutes, coming during the afternoon peak period. King is the TTC's busiest surface route, and carries roughly 84,000 passengers a day.
Working out when you have kids can be difficult.
That's why Montreal gym Vida Sana is offering a way for parents to workout at the same time as their children.
READ MORE: West Island Montreal Gymnastics Club welcomes new head coach, owner
“The parents can come in, they train, the parents could see their kids play,” said Shawn Bowen, Vida Sana co-owner.
“The kids get the idea where it's fun to workout because they get to play and they get to see their parents workout.”
The gym has a 4,500 square feet open play area where children can be active by making use of toys and monkey bars.
In addition, Vida Sana offers group classes and holiday camps in March and the summer.
READ MORE: 6 of the biggest fitness myths busted
Bowen and his wife Nora Jones co-own the gym and said their five kids helped design the space.
“It was our kids who inspired us,” Bowen said.
“When we decided to open up our space we asked them ‘what is it you want in the gym?'”
Jones said the idea of exercising became normal for her kids once they saw her working out.
READ MORE: 5 super simple workout tips from celebrity trainers
“To them, at a young age, they think ‘well this is normal,'” she told Global News.
“My kids do push-up competitions and pull-up competitions because for them it's very normal.”
Jeff Daniel and Shalynn Sedgewick present their Love Show — songs from 1920s-50s on Wednesday, Feb. 14, at 12:30 p.m., at the Baldwin Center.
The songs will focus on all kinds of love, between sweethearts, parents/child, siblings, etc. Special songs will be performed, including Button up Your Overcoat, Our Love is Here to Stay, High Hopes, Toora Loora Loora and more.
Valentine treats and coffee will be served. Refreshments provided by Executive Care of Stratford.
Tickets are $3 in advance.
For more information, call 203-385-4050.
Is fourth time the charm?
After he earned runner-up status twice on “The Bachelorette” and failed to settle down after “Bachelor in Paradise,” Nick Viall is back at it again to lead “The Bachelor” Season 21. Ahead of the premiere on Jan. 2, Viall talked about how he prepared for the first night, what makes him an “unconventional choice” as the Bachelor and how his season will be different.
“I think I can say I definitely found love,” Viall confessed during a press conference with Variety and several other outlets. “I certainly have no regrets, I never looked back and regardless of how it all played out, I always look forward and overall feel good about things.”
On what makes a good first impression
During the first episode, Viall will meet dozens of potential lovers. For the contestants, making a good first impression is vital.
“To me a great first impression is someone who's willing to be themselves but, they're not trying to be perfect,” Viall said. “They're not trying to be someone they're not and they're willing to show their vulnerabilities.”
On his current relationship with Andi and Kaitlyn
Although he made it far during two seasons of “The Bachelorette,” Viall was ultimately denied by both Andi Dorfman and Kaitlyn Bristowe. When asked about advice he'd received from either woman, Viall said bluntly, “I didn't reach out to them at all.”
“Andi did reach out a simple text to wish me luck and it was a very gracious text. But certainly no advice was given and certainly no advice was asked,” he said. “I haven't had any contact with Kaitlyn at all.”
Viall added that, although he cared for both women “in the past,” he is “very thankful that it didn't work out.”
On challenges during the season
When asked if he ever felt the pressure of being the Bachelor was too much to handle, Viall laughed and said “Every day?”
“In all seriousness, yes,” he added. “When I was asked to be the Bachelor I didn't immediately say yes. It's a huge responsibility, it's obviously an incredible opportunity, but a lot goes into it and there are no guarantees.”
On being an unconventional choice for the show
Viall hinted that this season might take some unusual turns with him behind the reins. “I think me being asked to be the Bachelor was viewed as an unconventional choice,” he said. “I think relative to me and my peers in the past, I'm probably a bit more unconventional and that might be a theme that you will continue to see with me as the Bachelor.”
On his family's reaction to him being on the show again
Viall assured that, even after watching him go through a similar process on television three other times, his family is supportive and eager to watch his story unfold. “They'll be watching I'm sure,” he said. “I think they're as hopeful as anyone that I meet someone and find love.”
His parents, it turns out, have a special love story of their own. “They were married within a year of meeting each other and then they've been married for — I don't know — 38 years, have 11 kids and a wonderful marriage,” Viall said. “So I think that's pretty great.”
Flying Colours, the North American MRO, completions and avionics business, has officially opened the doors of its new St. Louis, Missouri, facility.
Manufacturing at the new facility, which primarily supports the design, build and finishing of woodwork for large business jet cabins, has already begun. The first components will be delivered to an undisclosed customer before the end of March, according to company officials.
The workshop capabilities mirror the Peterborough headquarters, but also incorporate new equipment for the St. Louis facility.
To support working with composite materials, a new “Edge Fill” machine fills the voids in composite panels after being cut and shaped by the CNC machine. The addition of two hi-tech paint booths ensures optimal surface appearance before final treatment in the new enclosed curing room. Flying Colours has also invested in a third booth dedicated to painting complex fasteners, and cabinet interiors, company officials report.
The St. Louis footprint is now close to 100,000 square feet and has required the addition of a further 70 team members, making a total of 180 Flying Colours employees based in the USA.
“This is the first full infrastructure development to take place in St. Louis since we acquired the business in 2009,” said Sean Gillespie, Executive VP, Flying Colours Corp. “It was needed as demand for our cabinetry and completion skills was outstripping our capacity. This coincided with a rise in demand for OEM cabinetry work. The expansion reflects our overall strategic approach to business growth, and we're not done yet as we anticipate a second phase of development in the USA later in the year.”
With facilities in Canada, the USA, and Singapore, global aviation services company Flying Colours Corp specializes in mid- to large-size business aircraft, offering interior refurbishment and modifications, heavy maintenance, exterior paint, special mission modifications, and avionics installations.
Winter has returned already. Most of Mid-Michigan is already seeing snow fall and it won't stop completely until tomorrow evening. Snow will be heavy at times, visibility will be reduced, and roads will be slick as a result. Don't be in any hurry to travel tonight or tomorrow.
A Winter Weather Advisory is in effect for Genesee, Saginaw, Midland, Bay, Shiawassee, Lapeer, Tuscola, Huron, and Sanilac counties until 7 p.m. Sunday Evening.
A Winter Weather Advisory is in effect for Isabella, Clare, Gratiot, Gladwin, Arenac, Roscommon, Iosco, Ogemaw, and Alcona counties until 9 a.m. on Sunday.
Check out our Alerts Page for the latest updates on all advisories.
Tonight
Snow continues for everyone overnight. There will be times where the snow isn't falling quite as hard, but don't think that it will be coming to an end before sunrise. Track the snow in your neighborhood with our Interactive Radar. Temperatures won't fall too much overnight, in fact, we'll only drop back into the mid 20s. Once again, winds will be an issue out of the south southwest at 10 to 20 mph, gusting to 25 mph. The combination of heavy snow, blowing snow, and slick roads will make traveling treacherous for everyone across Mid-Michigan.
Sunday
The roads will not be in great condition as you head out to start your day. Snow will continue early on, especially early in the day. Winds will shift out of the north northwest at 10 to 20 mph, gusting to 25 mph after the passage of the cold front. This will allow for snow to blow around reducing visibility even more than it already is. Finally, temperatures will be their warmest around midnight and will manage to plummet throughout the day after the cold front passes through. Temperatures will be in the low 20s early in the afternoon and fall into the teens by the early evening.
As far as snow amount are concerned, areas around Flint, Grand Blanc, Fenton, Owosso, Lapeer, and the I-69 corridor can expect a good 3 to 6 inches through Sunday evening. Folks around the Tri-Cities, Mt. Pleasant, Alma, Caro, Gladwin, and Standish can expect 4 to 7 inches. Lake enhancement will cause locally higher amounts around Mt. Pleasant, Clare, and Alma. The highest amounts will occur in the thumb around Bad Axe, Port Austin, and Port Hope, where lake enhancement off of Lake Huron will produce 6 to 9 inches of snow.
Stay up to date with the latest First Warn 5 7 Day Forecast.
Copyright 2018 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Franklin's Christmas lighting contest will be Dec. 14.
There is no registration. Residents should turn on lights by 6 p.m. for judging.
The judges will compare exterior decorations only, including those visible on the interior from outside and from the street. Judges will not enter the property to view the side or back yards.
There will be four residential sections and one business section. Committee members are not eligible to participate.
First and second place will be awarded in each section and winners will be announced the next day. Awards will be presented at the City Council meeting Dec. 19 at 6 p.m.
For more information contact Barbara Simmons, 337-828-6305 or bsimmons@franklin-la.com.
By Linda Sieg
| TOKYO
TOKYO Japan's ruling bloc enacted a law targeting conspiracies to commit terrorism and other serious crimes on Thursday, pushing it through parliament's upper house despite concerns over civil liberties.The vote followed opposition party delaying tactics, protests and concerns raised by a United Nations expert - who called the legislation "defective" - and came days before the current session of parliament was set to end on June 18. The result of the vote on the bill, which has divided the public, was shown live on public broadcaster NHK.Japanese governments had tried three times previously to pass similar legislation, which officials say is needed to ratify a U.N. treaty aimed at global organised crime as well as to prevent terrorism as Tokyo prepares to host the 2020 Olympics.The legislation would criminalise plotting and preparing to commit 277 "serious crimes" that critics such as the Japan Federation of Bar Associations note include acts with no obvious connection to terrorism or organised crime, such as sit-ins to protest construction of apartment buildings or copying music.
Opponents see the legislation as part of a broader agenda by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to increase state powers and fear ordinary citizens could be targeted, despite government assurances to the contrary.Combined with a widening of legal wiretapping and the reluctance of courts to limit police surveillance powers, the changes could deter grassroots opposition to government policies, critics say.
To try to speed up passage of the law, the ruling bloc took the rare, contentious step of skipping a vote in an upper house committee and moving directly to a vote in the full upper house. The U.N. special rapporteur on the right to privacy, Joseph Cannataci, wrote to Abe last month asking him to address the risk that the changes could "lead to undue restrictions to the rights to privacy and to freedom of expression".In an email to Reuters, Cannataci said the Japanese government had used "the psychology of fear" to push through "defective legislation".
"Japan needs to improve its safeguards for privacy, now even more so that this suspicious piece of legislation has been put on the statute books," he said in the email.Critics say gathering information on possible plots would require expanded police surveillance, and the legislation has been compared to Japan's "thought police", who before and during World War Two had broad powers to investigate political groups seen as a threat to public order.A Kyodo news agency survey last month showed voters are split over the bill, with support at 39.9 percent and opposition at 41.4 percent. (Reporting by Linda Sieg; Editing by Richard Pullin)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
The Duggar family name is synonymous with having lots of children, and soon the Dillards might be, too. After years of expressing interest in midwifery and helping to deliver her own siblings children, Jill Duggar started a midwife company called Labor Sit, making her one of the first Duggar women to be employed outside of the home.
On Friday, Jill posted a photo of herself holding a new baby, proclaiming: "Got to help deliver this chunker the other day!" In Touch Weekly reported she referenced her new company, Labor Sit, added "#midwife" to the bottom, and shared the link to her family's website.
The announcement comes at the tail end of recent events between Jill and her husband Derick Dillard's relationship with TLC, the network that employed their family through Counting On. The New York Daily News reported that Derick separated from the network because of his "transphobic" comments about Jazz Jennings, who also has a show on the network. (Dillard didn't immediately respond to Romper's request for commen.) Jill quit Counting On shortly thereafter, though it's unclear why. Though it may or may not have been their way of taking a stance, it did more or less leave them without any income, which could explain why she's working again.
Though the company may be new, Jill's interest in midwifery certainly is not. People reported that she trained for two years to become certified, and ended up helping deliver her sister Joy-Anna's baby. In 2015, Jill shared a photo of her holding her Certified Professional Midwife's (CPM) certificate. However, this has been a point of criticism for her as well. Typically, midwives earn a Certified Nurse Midwife certificate (which requires a Bachelor's Degree, one year of nursing experience, and three years in a nurse-midwifery program). This has led some to argue that she is not qualified for the job.
People reported that the midwife Jill had an apprenticeship with lauded her skills, saying: “From the very first time that I had her in a birth room, she just soaked everything up. I told her at that point that I wasn't going to let her go — she had to be a midwife!” Jill added that at the time, she was more comfortable just assisting: “I am gaining the skills, but not necessarily wanting to be in charge of the entire situation. It kind of scares me a little. I would rather just be on the sidelines!”
Though starting one's own company may seem like a generally innocuous thing, Jill is actually one of the first Duggar women to have a job outside the house. Brooke Arnold, who grew up in the same church as the Duggars, said on Salon: "Women and mothers working outside of the home is absolutely forbidden in ATI no matter what the financial situation of the family." So though the Duggars haven't explicitly said it is forbidden, most of the women don't appear to and never have held jobs.
This would not be the first time in Duggar family history that fans rose their eyebrows at a woman's employment. In Touch Weekly reported that in October of 2017, while celebrating the 25th birthday of twins John and Jana, Jim-Bob and Michelle Duggar received some backlash for suggesting that John was training to be a pilot, while Jana was just playing piano and staying involved with church. The Duggars wrote on Facebook:
We took our oldest set of twins Jana & John out to one of our favorite restaurants Cracker Barrel for their 25th birthday yesterday (Their birthday is really today!). They both have a ministry heart and are great role models for other young people. John just finished up his pilots license and is staying busy with construction and police work. Jana is a concert pianist and is involved in many ministries. We are so blessed to have such wonderful daughters and sons! Happy 25th Jana and John!
As unfair as it sounds, it's pretty consistent with Duggar rules (which they are fairly adamant about, if nothing else). As fans already know, the family believes strongly in attempting home and natural births first, so it all seems to make sense. After all, having an in-house midwife seems like the most logical thing to do, right alongside shopping en bulk and not hugging before marriage.
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
Cal's women's basketball coach says Southwest Airlines asked her to "prove" that her biracial son was hers before boarding a flight from Denver to Oakland.
In a series of tweets Monday, coach Lindsay Gottlieb wrote that an employee at Southwest's ticket counter asked for proof that she is Jordan Gottlieb Martin's mother in the form of a birth certificate. Gottlieb claimed that the Southwest employee, who cited "federal law," then asked her to "prove I'm (his) mother with (a) Facebook post."
"She said because we have (a) different last name," Gottlieb wrote in one tweet. "My guess is (it's) because he has a different skin color."
In a subsequent statement provided to USA TODAY Sports through an athletic-department spokesperson, the 40-year-old coach called the interaction "uncomfortable and hurtful."
"I felt that in this situation it was my responsibility to say, 'Hey, this isn't OK,'" Gottlieb said in the statement. "We had a passport that verified our son's age and identity, and both parents were present. But still being pushed further to 'prove' that he was my son felt disrespectful and motivated by more than just concern for his well-being."
@SouthwestAir I'm appalled that after approx 50 times flying with my 1 year old son, ticket counter personnel told me I had to “prove” that he was my son, despite having his passport. She said because we have different last name. My guess is because he has a different skin color. — Lindsay Gottlieb (@CalCoachG) May 28, 2018
Gottlieb said she reached out to Southwest Airlines on social media and they quickly apologized, telling her that they would use the interaction as a "coaching" moment.
In a statement provided to USA TODAY Sports on Wednesday morning, the airline company said it had corresponded with Gottlieb to address her concerns and spoken to the employee involved.
"We apologize if our interaction made this family uncomfortable — that is never our intention," Southwest Airlines said in the statement. "Our employees are well-regarded for their hospitality, and we always strive for the best experience for anyone who entrusts us with their family's travel.
"Southwest Airlines' policy is to verify lap children are younger than the age of two by reviewing a birth certificate or government issued identification. Certain international locations require us to verify additional paperwork for those travelling with a minor. Domestic travel does not require carriers to match last names of a child and guardian."
This family is on a holiday weekend adventure to support @Kenzie4bs at @usabasketball U18 trials. 💙💛🐻 pic.twitter.com/cbAcRdKyhJ — Lindsay Gottlieb (@CalCoachG) May 26, 2018
Gottlieb has guided the Golden Bears to six NCAA tournament appearances in seven seasons as their head coach, including a trip to the Final Four in 2013. She met her fiancé, Patrick Martin, who is black, in 2014, and their son turned 1 earlier this month.
Gottlieb, who is one of several mothers who also work as Division I women's basketball coaches, said she appreciated Southwest's response but was nevertheless hurt by what occurred.
"While it was upsetting and emotional, I realize that this was just one day of my life where I was uncomfortable and our family was made to feel 'less than' whereas others face similar situations on a daily basis," she said in the statement.
"I hope the coverage this has received can serve as a learning opportunity and that all families — regardless of how 'traditional' they may or may not look — are treated with dignity and respect."
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
One of Washington's most popular parks has 10 fewer campsites as the camping season begins.
The sites at Cape Disappointment State Park were destroyed by a storm in mid-January. Park ranger Josh Bell said the winds stayed off shore but the waves crashed onto the beach.
“The event was like typical of a 40-year event which is uncharacteristic. But they're offshore waves of 50 feet which is uncharacteristically large of the area,” he said.
The waves surged up and over the edge of the beach, tossing large pieces of driftwood 50 yards past the camping spots.
Camping spots 11 through 20 were destroyed. What used to be a nicely paved asphalt circle with pads for parking RVs disappeared in one storm. They were very close to the beach. And the rangers knew they would be vulnerable.
“We were ready for this, we've been forecasting for years. But we shut off water and electric and sewer lines out here to minimize any impact of potential erosion and this event actually pushed us over the edge,” said Bell.
Four months later, the area is mostly sand and logs. A few broken pieces of asphalt remain, workers broke up and removed most of it to keep it from washing back in to the ocean.
Richard VanDijk from Brush Prarie, Washington said he'd camped at both spot 11 and spot 20 several times. He was astonished to return to the park and see the destruction.
"It was like, 'Wow! What happened here?!'” he said. “And then the camp hosts told us it took all of about 10 minutes for this thing to get destroyed. Would have been a hell of a sight to see!” he added.
Bell said the park hosts, on average, 3 million visitors a year. It still has 190 camping spots available, just none quite as close to the Pacific Ocean.
© 2018 KGW
When it comes to Ice-T and Coco Austin‘s sex life, there's “romantic sex and then there's jungle sex,” the 59-year-old rapper-turned-actor said in a recent interview with Q magazine.
“You can be with your wife and just roll over on it. That's just sex-sex. Jungle sex is when you know what it is that gets you turned on and you build up to it,” he told the magazine (via the Daily Mail).
Married for 15 years, Ice-T and Coco, 38, welcomed their first child, daughter Chanel, in November 2015.
The two continue to spice up their bedroom activity with props.
“You're taking foreplay a step further. Your girl might want you to put on some mother f–king oil and figure skates for her. ‘What the f–k?' Just put it on and I f–k the s–t out of you,” he said.
“If you're willing to accommodate the other one's kinks, you're gonna take that sex to another level. So that's jungle sex.”
In addition to NSFW sex tips, Ice-T also boasted about their spa-like aesthetic at home.
“I like Phil Collins, I like Sade, I like Enigma. You come to my house, you think you're in a spa. All this ambient music playing,” he shared. “I got aquariums and water features and s–t. That's smooth.”
In June, the “Law & Order: SVU” star revealed how wife Coco turns him on.
“Coco loves to dance,” he told E! News. “She gets a little buzzed and I watch her dance and I get a little horny. Then we get in the car and we get more horny and we come home and we have jungle sex.”
B.C. Liberal leadership hopefuls Mike de Jong, Sam Sullivan and Michael Lee seemed to be enjoying the show at their recent debate in Kelowna, as apparent front-runners Andrew Wilkinson, Todd Stone and Dianne Watts went toe to toe for party member support.
As their arguments became more heated in front of a packed room, de Jong and Lee were doubled over in their chairs to muffle their laughter. Sullivan suggested the next debate should be a cage match.
A quick summary of the Floggin' in the Okanagan: Wilkinson waved a glossy copy of his platform, insisting only his is costed to balance budgets. He had a former deputy finance minister look at Stone's, pronouncing it a deficit-prone spending spree.
Stone fired back that his plan is balanced but bold, describing Wilkinson's as old and tired, like its author.
Both of them turned on Watts, who remains embarrassingly unprepared for B.C. politics since resigning her Conservative MP seat. Plan? She doesn't even have the proverbial cocktail napkin with scribbled notes on it.
As in the Prince George and Nanaimo debates, Watts was grilled on complex issues like forest policy, and she didn't have a clue. Watts has money, name recognition and almost nothing else. If any party members still think she's Christy Clark 2.0, they haven't been paying attention.
Watts has a vision, but can't articulate it. She promises to listen, then blames the B.C. Liberals for losing 11 seats because they didn't listen. Her opponents remind her that she only joined the party in May.
I usually don't give polls the attention that even dogs do, but this is not a general public decision. Interim B.C. Liberal leader Rich Coleman tells me party membership is about 40,000 people, as sign-ups continue until Dec. 31 in preparation for an online vote to be revealed Feb. 4.
Those members have all been phoned and door-knocked by the leadership teams, and the candidates must have a good idea where they stand.
If there's a front-runner now, it's Wilkinson, formerly a cabinet minister, party president, city lawyer and country doctor. He reminds everyone that his MLA support is more than all other candidates combined.
Cabinet veterans Mary Polak (Langley), John Rustad (Nechako Lakes), Michelle Stilwell (Parksville-Qualicum), Norm Letnick (Kelowna-Lake Country) and Mike Morris (Prince George-Mackenzie) are in Wilkinson's camp, along with experienced backbenchers Donna Barnett (Cariboo-Chilcotin) and Laurie Throness (Chilliwack-Hope). Newcomers Ellis Ross (Skeena), Tracy Redies (Surrey-White Rock), Doug Clovechok (Columbia River-Revelstoke), Tom Shypitka (Kootenay East) and Joan Isaacs (Coquitlam-Burke Mountain) have come on board, showing Wilkinson has party support all over the province.
Stone is backed by MLAs Peter Milobar (Kamloops-North Thompson), Greg Kyllo (Shuswap), Jane Thornthwaite (North Vancouver-Seymour) Coralee Oakes (Cariboo North), Ian Paton (Delta South) and Steve Thomson (Kelowna-Mission).
Stone, a smooth-talking former technology entrepreneur from Kamloops-South Thompson, likes to describe himself as young and “relatable,” playing to the perception of Wilkinson as an elitist from wealthy Vancouver-Quilchena.
De Jong trailed Clark and Kevin Falcon in the 2012 leadership campaign, and judging by the latest debate, he seems resigned to third or fourth again. He's endorsed by Surrey South MLA and former cabinet minister Stephanie Cadieux, fellow Abbotsford MLA Simon Gibson, Chilliwack's John Martin, Richmond's Teresa Wat and Peace River South MLA Mike Bernier, who dropped out of the leadership contest early on.
De Jong's record as finance minister is both his greatest strength and weakness, as he tries to emphasize five balanced budgets and move past the penny-pinching reputation that members blame for the election loss.
Tom Fletcher is B.C. legislature reporter and columnist for Black Press. Email: tfletcher@blackpress.ca
SAKHALI: In a major victory for Goa over the Mhadei water diversion case, Karnataka was on Monday forced to withdraw the special leave petition (SLP) filed in the Supreme Court challenging the Mhadei Water Disputes Tribunal's order, as the apex court refused to interfere with the Tribunal's interim order.
Sensing the apex court's likely order after arguing at length, Karnataka's senior counsel F S Nariman prayed before the court to withdraw the petition with liberty so as to move the Tribunal again for leave to furnish further data and reports in support of the state's claim.
The apex court subsequently allowed Karnataka to withdraw the SLP granting it liberty to present further details.
It may be recalled that the Karnataka government had approached the apex court challenging the Mhadei Water Disputes Tribunal's order rejecting its plea to divert 7 thousand million cubic (TMC) feet of water from the Mhadei river basin to the Malaprabha reservoir due to an acute drought situation in the command area. Karnataka had earlier filed an interim application with the Tribunal seeking release of 7 tmcft of water of Mhadei river into the Malaprabha basin.
Nariman Monday stated in the apex court that Maharashtra supported Karnataka in its prayer opposing the state of Goa.
Goa team was in full attendance in the apex court, ready with the matter, if called upon by the court. However, without even calling upon the state of Goa, the apex court asked the state of Karnataka to withdraw the SLP.
It may be recalled that there were demonstrations and violence in Karnataka to oppose the Mhadei Water Disputes Tribunal's interim order rejecting Karnataka's demand for release of 7 tmcft of Mhadei river water into the Malaprabha basin.
Hearing on the Mhadei water dispute is fixed before the Tribunal in the last week of March and all the three states of Goa, Karnataka and Maharashtra have been provided time to file new documentation and details on the matter.
Meanwhile, welcoming Monday's decision of the apex court, Chief Minister Laxmikant Parsekar said, “Goa team is doing well and we will fight with renewed confidence to safeguard the interest of Goa.” Water Resource Department Minister Dayanand Mandrekar also welcomed the order. He said, “We are fighting a long battle and are on the right track to protect Mhadei, the lifeline of Goa.”
FORT MYERS, Fla. Activated charcoal has become a recent trend in food, health and beauty.
It can be found in soaps, beauty face masks and even in supplements for detox.
Watch the video to learn if activated charcoal has any health benefits before deciding on participating in a detox.
11 Year old Boy Paints Emmanuel Macron in Two Hours at Afrika Shrine
Macron was in the New Afrikan Shrine to inaugurate the African Cultural Season slated for 2020.
The young painter completed a painting of the French president two hours after he arrived the premises.
An impressed Macron praised and congratulated the talented boy on his Twitter account
“Very touched, congratulations to this young boy,” he wrote.
Very touched, congratulations to this young boy! pic.twitter.com/hQd3ylxGnV — Emmanuel Macron (@EmmanuelMacron) July 3, 2018
Macron disclosed that he has fond memories of the shrine. In his early years, Macron worked as an intern at the French embassy from six months.
Yemi Alade and Femi Kuti delivered energetic musical performances on the night while a short skit directed by Kunle Afolayan featured several Nollywood stars including Jide Kosoko, Omotola Jalade-Ekeinde, Joke Silva, Dakore Akande, Rita Dominic, Ramsey Nouah, among others.
20th Century Fox has released a new trailer and poster for Ferdinand, starring the voice of WWE Superstar John Cena. This upcoming animated adventure is inspired by the beloved book "The Story of Ferdinand" by Munro Leaf and Robert Lawson, arriving in theaters nationwide on December 15. The studio has also released a new poster, which showcases the title character and the young girl who has taken care of him his whole life, along with the tagline "Built to Fight, Born to Love." We also have new photos that give us a better look at more of these colorful characters.
Ferdinand tells the story of a giant bull with a big heart. After being mistaken for a dangerous beast, he is captured and torn from his home. Determined to return to his family, he rallies a misfit team on the ultimate adventure. Set in Spain, Ferdinand proves you can't judge a bull by its cover. From Blue Sky Studios and Carlos Saldanha, the director of Rio, Ferdinand is a heartwarming animated comedy adventure from 20th Century Fox.
The voice cast is lead by John Cena and also includes a diverse array of international stars. The cast is rounded out by Kate McKinnon, Gina Rodriguez, Daveed Diggs, Gabriel Iglesias, Bobby Cannavale, David Tennant, Anthony Anderson, Flula Borg, Sally Phillips, Boris Kodjoe, Jerrod Carmichael, Raúl Esparza, Karla Martínez, Miguel Ángel Silvestre. Carlos Saldanha directs from a script by Jordan Roberts (Big Hero 6), based on Munro Leaf's iconic book. It will be interesting to see how this animated adventure fares at the box office at the end of the year, especially considering its competition.
Ferdinand has the distinction of being the only movie to go up against Disney's highly-anticipated Star Wars: The Last Jedi when they both arrive in theaters December 15. This animated comedy was originally set to hit theaters on July 21, where it would have faced some more stiff competition, going up against Warner Bros.' Dunkirk, STX Entertainment's Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets and Universal's Girls Trip. While both will certainly prove to be big weekends at the box office, it will be fun to see how Ferdinand fares amongst family audiences, when going up against a surefire global blockbuster like Star Wars: The Last Jedi.
It's worth noting that the Universal comedy Sisters, starring Tina Fey and Amy Poehler, managed to pull in $87 million domestic and $105 million worldwide in 2015, while opening against Star Wars: The Last Jedi. However, last year, Warner Bros. put the drama Collateral Beauty against Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, which proved to be a bad decision, since the movie took in just $31 million domestic and $88.2 million worldwide, despite featuring an all-star cast including Will Smith, Edward Norton, Helen Mirren, Kate Winslet and more. Take a look at the new trailer, poster and photos for Ferdinand below.
If you want to understand why Narisawa is often considered to be among the best restaurants in the world, you might have a look at Satoyama Scenery, a kind of seven square inches of edible forest floor that is constructed from sprigs of mountain herbs, a scattering of cherry blossoms, rough cylinders of fish skin and roots transformed into what look like fallen twigs, and a powdery tumble of earth and mosses fashioned from pulverized grains, fermented soybeans and a bit of matcha tea.
The tableau is assembled on a slice of raw log, more bark than planed surface. A small bamboo jigger brims with cold, oak sap-seasoned water — what you imagine raindrops sipped from fallen leaves might taste like. On a cloudy glass plinth nearby, three delicately fried ayus, glazed with cherry-blossom essence, swim in a formation familiar from woodblock prints. And while you are near the center of Tokyo, in a modernist restaurant hidden in a rear courtyard of an office complex, your mind is, at least for the moment, in the mountainous countryside, at that nexus between civilization and nature — satoyama — that is at the center of so much Japanese literature and art.
Washington: US President Donald Trump on Tuesday said Kim Jong-un wants a historic, high-stakes meeting as soon as possible and suggested the North Korean dictator has been "very open" and "very honorable," a sharply different assessment of a leader he once denounced as "Little Rocket Man."
The United States and North Korea have been negotiating a summit between Trump and Kim to be held in May or June to broker a deal on Pyongyang's nuclear ambitions. Trump, who has struck a decidedly optimistic tone on the situation in recent days, said Tuesday that the United States and North Korea were having "good discussions."
"We have been told directly that they would like to have the meeting as soon as possible. We think that's a great thing for the world," Trump said at the White House alongside French President Emmanuel Macron. "Kim Jong-un, he really has been very open and I think very honorable from everything we're seeing."
Trump cautioned that North Korea had not followed through on previous promises, but credited tough steps from his administration — including sanctions and organizing pressure from international allies — for having forced Pyongyang to hold talks. And he again suggested that he would "leave the table" if the negotiations were not productive or if North Korea was not operating in good faith.
"We'll see where that all goes," the president said. "Maybe it will be wonderful or maybe it won't."
Trump's comments came days after a flurry of moves from North Korea that the White House was anxious to promote as signs that its coercion campaign was working. On Saturday, North Korea announced it will close its nuclear testing facility and suspend nuclear and intercontinental ballistic missile tests — a move welcomed by Trump as "big progress."
However, the North stopped short of suggesting it will give up its nuclear weapons — as Trump suggested in a weekend tweet — or scale back its production of missiles and their related components. When pressed Tuesday what he meant by the goal of "denuclearisation," Trump said "It means they get rid of their nukes. Very simple."
"It would be easy for me to make a simple deal and declare victory. I don't want to do that," the president said.
This week, U.S.-allied South Korean President Moon Jae-in and Kim will hold a summit in the demilitarized zone between the Koreas that could lay the ground for Trump's planned meeting with the North Korean dictator. The leaders of the U.S. and North Korea have never met during six decades of hostility since the Korean War.
The exact date and location of the possible summit has not been determined.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Monday that the U.S. goal was the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. When asked if the president was willing to accept anything short of that goal before lifting sanctions or was willing to go incrementally, she told reporters: "Certainly no sanctions lifted until we see concrete actions taken by North Korea to denuclearize."
Last year, the U.S. spearheaded through the U.N. Security Council the toughest international sanctions yet against North Korea in response to three long-range missile launches and its most powerful nuclear test explosion yet. The Trump administration supplemented those restrictions with unilateral U.S. sanctions against firms that had conducted illicit trade with the North.
This year, Kim has pivoted from confrontation to diplomacy and, according to South Korea and China, has expressed a commitment to denuclearization. There is still uncertainty about what he seeks in return.
Trump's praise for Kim on Tuesday stood in stark contrast to his previous bellicose rhetoric toward the North Korean leader. Beyond dubbing him "Little Rocket Man" from the rostrum of the United Nations last fall, Trump has threatened to deliver "fire and fury" upon North Korea and taunted Kim on Twitter that his nuclear "button" was larger than the one in Pyongyang.
Later Tuesday, Trump sidestepped a question as to why he would use the word "honorable" to describe Kim, who has been accused of starving his own people, executing his political opponents and ordering the killing of a member of his own family.
MILWAUKIE, Ore. -- The principal of Milwaukie High School is apologizing. Mark Pinder said he was wrong in his decision to have dozens of school trophies, plaques and banners thrown into the garbage, ahead of a huge construction project. But students found them, and their outrage has now gone viral.
When summer vacation starts in two weeks, the main building of Milwaukie High School will be demolished to make way for a new one approved by a voter bond, to be completed in 2021. The trophies apparently had been in an old storage closet in boxes, and thrown away to prepare for construction.
Pop the trunk on senior Bailey Reed's car, and inside are colorful, hard-earned trophies and banners from his Milwaukie High School Mustangs. The senior fished them out of the dumpster this past weekend.
"Here's one for cheer, dance and here's one uniform we could save," he said.
They're glimpses into the past. Of the days when Milwaukie had a championship boxing team in the 1930s. We even saw awards as current as 2013. Some are etched glass awards, some are three feet tall, some are framed certificates, others are leather banners that hung from the gym ceiling.
"I'm going to post about them online and find the people who fought for us to return them," Reed said of his plans.
It was student Kayla Gilmore's Facebook post that went viral Friday afternoon and started the outrage.
From a stairwell, she and other students spotted trophies thrown in the dumpsters and started rescuing them while videotaping it. Alumni and other students shared the post, and soon thousands had seen it.
"People work so hard for them and they were making claims that none of them were state or league trophies or stuff like that when they definitely were and that's all our school has at this point," said student Toni Harrison.
"My sister and I have been in cheer and dance for years and we look at those trophies and we worked really hard to have our trophy," said student Greain King. "To realize they've been thrown away like they're nothing, that really hurt. We work hard for that stuff."
Outrage grew and Principal Mark Pinder sent an email to students over the weekend explaining that they had been cleaning out storage rooms in anticipation of the construction and decided there were so many old trophies in boxes that they would keep the state and league titles and throw out the rest.
He also apologized, in part saying:
"I am truly sorry for my decision to have some trophies thrown out last Friday. I never intended to offend this great school and the people who make it so.
"I want to assure you that all of the items recovered will be put in storage with the other trophies. The new school building will have dedicated space to honor the history of this amazing school and students.
"I am sincerely sorry to have let you down, and I take full responsibility for this hasty action."
Many students appreciated the apology. Others said it was just done because the administration got caught and was taking heat on social media.
"He went out of his way to send an email to everybody so I think that's pretty good," said student Martin Cutler.
But even Wednesday afternoon, students were finding more framed certificates and plaques that they say appeared in the dumpster after the email was sent.
"It's kind of a like a slap in the face to the whole school and all their accomplishment's to the present and the past," said student Joseph Sardotz.
North Clackamas School's director of communication Jonathan Hutchison told KGW, "The principal made a mistake which he acknowledges without hesitation. And when it was brought to his attention, those items were removed from the dumpster and will now be stored properly. It was a mistake, plain and simple and we regret having done that."
© 2018 KGW
Surveys seeking feedback about Burbank Unified's dress code were distributed to faculty members at John Burroughs and Burbank high schools this week after a group of students told education leaders the policy is sexist against girls.
Louie Kahn, student body president at Burroughs High who is spearheading the information-gathering process, shared an update Thursday night during a school board meeting.
The survey was emailed to faculty members at the two high schools this week, Kahn said, and he has already received results from 75 teachers.
In an earlier interview, Kahn said students received the survey Sept. 19 through a mobile app, and it received responses from hundreds of students in under two hours.
Since then, 1,056 students from Burroughs High and Burbank High responded to the survey with the majority of results coming from Burroughs students who feel the dress code is “too strict.”
Kahn said 47.5% responses were from girls who have been cited for dress-code violations and 5.8% were from boys.
At Burbank Unified, clothing must not “detract from the academic environment” and cannot promote the use of illegal substances or alcohol and should be void of profanity and violence. Low-cut tops, spaghetti-strap shirts, short skirts and short shorts are not permitted, nor are beanies and hats.
If a student wears inappropriate clothing on campus, they are asked to change or a parent is asked to bring appropriate clothing.
Results showed the top three reasons students reported receiving dress-code violations were for showing shoulders, wearing spaghetti-strap shirts and short shorts.
The majority of students also supported allowing open-toed shoes or sandals, short shorts and cut-off garments with certain regulations, Kahn added.
Steve Ferguson, school board president, commended Kahn for his work in providing the student perspective.
“We've never done something like this in the school district in terms of really going out and talking about a specific policy. I'd like to give it that credence and respect,” Ferguson said.
Once the data is all gathered, Ferguson said school officials will discuss holding two readings on a proposed amendment, offering time for community members to also weigh in.
In September, eight local students shared their personal experiences dealing with the dress-code policy during the public-comment period of a school board meeting.
Burroughs High student Virginia Begakis said she was pulled out of an honors class early last month because she wore a shirt with straps that were considered too thin on a 110-degree day.
“School is telling us female bodies are distracting, and it's wrong,” Begakis said, countering that the actual distraction is when teachers interrupt class to send a student away to change.
Supt. Matt Hill and John Paramo, district director of secondary education, recently visited Burroughs High's Associated Student Body to explain how to create and implement policies.
priscella.vega@latimes.com
Twitter: @vegapriscella
An autistic 16-year-old who went missing early Thursday morning was found more than 10 hours later by a Los Angeles Metro bus driver, police said.
Zenni Hernandez went missing from the 1100 block of Western Avenue sometime around 3:20 a.m. By 2 p.m., a bus driver spotted him after seeing his picture in a missing person's alert.
Tahnee Light, a spokeswoman for the Glendale Police Department, said Hernandez had been known to frequently take Metro buses into downtown L.A.
She said the bus driver took the boy to the police station where he was eventually reunited with his family.
andy.nguyen@latimes.com
Twitter: @Andy_Truc
Parliament's portfolio committee on home affairs is to investigate how some members of the Gupta family became South African citizens.
This comes after the committee agreed on the terms of reference to investigate what process the Department of Home Affairs followed in granting them citizenship.
Home Affairs director-general Mkuseli Apleni last month confirmed that Atul was naturalised in November 2002 and Rajesh in July 2006.
Indian players try football inside the gallery as the practice session at Ranchi is cancelled due to rain (Courtesy: BCCI/Twitter)
“French-speaking Africans have settled and opened businesses on and around West 116th Street since the 1980s, with Petit Senegal lending the bustling thoroughfare a distinctly international air with passers-by in flowing boubous, shops selling phone cards for cheap calls to Africa, and Franco-African restaurants and vegetable stands offering tropical products like hot peppers, plantain and palm oil. But since the 1990s, a small French expat community, attracted by the romanticism of Harlem, its strong sense of community and colorful history, as well as by comparatively lower real estate prices, has sprung up, and, inevitably, so have French restaurants.”
Published on Mar 13, 2012
Taken from news clips and segments of youtube videos like, 911: Painful Deceptions, 911 Mysteries and Loose Change, this 22-minute video aims to tie together facts given in each of those well done documentaries in order to reveal just a few highlights of the many unanswered questions and problems with the “official story” concerning the events of 9/11. On a deeper level, this video may also be telling us that Babylon is indeed rising. See http://www.babylonrisingbooks.com for more.
* City beat United 2-1 in the Manchester derby to go 11 points clear of rivals at the top of the Premier League table
* City took the lead in the 43rd minute when Silva hooked home after United failed to clear a De Bruyne corner
* Rashford took advantage of poor City defending to equalise before interval
* City restored their advantage in the 54th minute when Otamendi fired home after Lukaku's clearance hit Smalling's back
* Ederson's late double save ensured victory for Guardiola's side
* United are at home to Bournemouth on Wednesday while City travel to Swansea
MANCHESTER UNITED 1 MANCHESTER CITY 2
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Manchester City moved 11 points clear at the top of the Premier League after a 2-1 win over Manchester United at Old Trafford in their derby clash on Sunday.
City have become the first team to win 14 consecutive English top-flight games in the same season. Their victory ended United's run of 40 home games unbeaten in all competitions.
City went ahead in the 43rd minute when Romelu Lukaku was unable to clear Kevin De Bruyne's inswinging corner and the ball fell to David Silva, who was played onside by Ashley Young. The Spaniard gratefully hooked the ball home.
Poor defending at the other end allowed United to get level before the break. Marcos Rojo hit a hopeful diagonal cross into the City box but Nicolas Otamendi misjudged a header, Fabian Delph hesitated and Marcus Rashford pounced on the loose ball and drove low past Ederson.
Nine minutes after the interval, City grabbed the winner when Silva whipped in a free-kick into the box and Lukaku, who had a derby to forget, drove an attempted clearance into the back of teammate Chris Smalling. The ball looped to Otamendi who, making amends for his earlier mistake, showed great athleticism to volley home on the half-turn.
City had keeper Ederson to thank for the three points after he produced a superb double save at close range six minutes from the end to keep out efforts from Lukaku and Juan Mata. (Reporting by Simon Evans, editing by Neil Robinson)
Bernard Kenny, who tried to stop a right-wing extremist from murdering MP Jo Cox, has been described as "brave and selfless" following his death.
His son Phil Kenny, 58, confirmed his father died on Monday morning.
Former miner Mr Kenny, 79, was seriously injured when he was stabbed as he intervened when Thomas Mair attacked Mrs Cox in his home village of Birstall, West Yorkshire, in June 2016.
Tracy Brabin, who was elected MP for Batley and Spen after the death of Mrs Cox, told the Press Association: "My heartfelt condolences go out to Bernard's family at this sad time.
"I hope they will take comfort in the fact that Bernard will forever be remembered as a true hero, both as a member of the miners' rescue team and as a constituent of Batley and Spen who risked his life to protect Jo Cox.
"Bernard was brave and selfless, we will never forget him."
Mr Kenny was awarded the George Medal for his bravery this June, and said he was "honoured to receive such an award".
He was included in a list of bravery awards along with the two West Yorkshire Police officers who arrested Mair.
Pc Craig Nicholls and Pc Jonathan Wright both received the Queen's Gallantry Medal.
After Mrs Cox's murder there were numerous calls for Mr Kenny to be honoured, including a petition aimed at securing him the George Cross - the highest possible civilian honour.
At Mair's trial at the Old Bailey, the jury heard that the pensioner was waiting for his wife outside the library in Birstall when he saw Mair going "berserk".
He said in a statement to police: "I thought if I could jump onto the back, I could take him down.
"I thought he was thumping her until I saw the blood. I saw he had a knife in his hands. It was what I call a dagger. The blade was about nine inches.
"Just as I got short of him, he turned around and saw me. He shoved the knife in and it hit me in the stomach. The blood started pouring out between my fingers. I saw the blood and I thought 'Oh my God'."
Mr Kenny described Mair's actions as a "pure act of evil".
After the attack, more than 80,000 people signed an online petition calling for Mr Kenny to be awarded the George Cross for his bravery.
Mr Kenny, who shared a birthday with Mrs Cox, worked as a miner for 40 years and is a former member of the Gomersal Mines Rescue team which tried to save victims of the Lofthouse mine disaster in 1973.
Neo-Nazi Mair was given a whole life sentence for the murder of Mrs Cox, and was also found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm to Mr Kenny and possession of a gun and dagger.
Lucknow University has been shut indefinitely after some former students and outsiders tried to block the car of vice chancellor SP Singh on two occasions.Following the incident, the faculty of Proctorial Board intervened and was attacked by the students in retaliation. The group then reportedly pelted stones at the VC's car resulting in two teachers getting injured.Police forces were called in the varsity to contain the situation and asked the protesters to leave the campus premises. The university authorities meanwhile alleged non-cooperation by the police and the university has since been closed sine die.A tweet sent out by the University's official Twitter tagged CM Yogi Adityanath and Deputy CM Dinesh Sharma and read, “Lucknow University teachers attacked inside the campus brutally by anti social elements & outsiders. Proctor & his team, DSW, Dean CDC injured. Police uncooperative. Teachers stop counselling. University closed till further notice.”Lucknow University has been locked in a state of unrest after the university denied admission, in post graduate courses, to at least 20 students from Samajwadi Chatra Sabha, All India Students' Association (AISA) and Students Federation of India (SFI) who were involved in staging a protest against UP CM Yogi Adityanath last year.
Hudson Charles Douglas Turner was born at 7:58 p.m. Sept. 21, 2017, at Alton Memorial Hospital, the son of Allen Turner and Lindsey Chambers of Alton. He weighed 6 pounds, 2 ounces, and was 19 inches long. Grandparents are the late Charles David Bonds, Patricia Ann Bryant, the late Douglas Chambers and Carla Chambers of Hartford.
Bill Cosby bizarrely channeled some of his past magic as he left the courthouse Tuesday night after a lengthy day of deliberations in his sex assault trial.
“Hey, hey, hey!” Cosby cracked in the “Fat Albert” voice as throngs of reporters shouted questions at him.
Cosby also shouted the catchphrase while leaving Montgomery County Court last Wednesday, after alleged victim Andrea Constand testified under cross-examination. That day, her mom, Gianna, also took the stand and said Cosby referred to himself as a “sick man” and boasted about giving her daughter an orgasm.
Chris Robshaw faces a nervous wait to discover the extent of his shoulder injury, with England ordering further examination of a problem suffered for Harlequins.
The 30-year-old has been unable to take part in England's two-day training camp owing to the shoulder problem picked up in Harlequins' 24-17 Aviva Premiership defeat at Worcester.
Robshaw suffered the problem midway through the first half at Sixways on New Year's Day, but soldiered on until being withdrawn at the interval.
The former England skipper linked up with boss Eddie Jones' Test squad as planned on January 2, but his shoulder problem now needs further assessment.
"Chris Robshaw will go for a scan tomorrow to determine the extent of a shoulder injury sustained while playing for Harlequins against Worcester Warriors on New Year's Day," read a short Rugby Football Union (RFU) statement.
England will also continue to sweat on the extent of the knee injury that has denied Manu Tuilagi any involvement in the two-day training camp in Brighton.
The Leicester centre hobbled out of the New Year's Day 16-12 home defeat to Saracens, that has since led to the sacking of rugby director Richard Cockerill.
England start their RBS 6 Nations title defence by hosting France at Twickenham on Saturday, February 4, and will hope both Robshaw and Tuilagi can be fit to contest selection.
ORLANDO — There comes a boiling point for any player, any team, a time to vent and air it out when so much has been allowed to fester for a long time.
Everyone knows the Raptors aren't exactly held in the highest light in the U.S., relegated to afternoon start times when the post-season gets under way, infrequently showcased on prime time telecasts, virtually overlooked by so many American-based publications.
With the team winning and playing a style of basketball that is both entertaining and compelling, Toronto's profile has improved.
But the inevitable conspiracy theories following Sunday's loss to OKC at the Air Canada Centre surfaced, how the officials are out to get the team, how the NBA does not want the Raptors to succeed.
Even taken with any degree of logic or objectivity, any notion that the Raptors are being short-changed is baseless. Bad calls are made every night against every team, players and coaches complaining often given how inconsistent the officiating has been and how the NBA has been slow in reacting to the changing faces among the officiating crews.
The Raptors, as head coach Dwane Casey has pointed out constantly, are now the hunted and not the hunters.
They have to maintain an underdog mentality because that's the only way they will advance in the playoffs, embracing a philosophy that no team must be taken for granted, every game as important as any other regardless of the relative strengths of that night's opponent.
It's human nature when that point of no return arrives and sheer emotion takes over. DeMar DeRozan reached that level late in Sunday's tip and ws ejected.
Mind you, DeRozan did no favours with the NBA's officials and it'll be interesting to follow when Marc Davis, who teed up DeRozan, will next officiate a Raptors game.
DeRozan has learned to play through officiating, but more than anything, Sunday should be a teaching moment for what awaits.
Opponents know the best way to attack the Raptors is by getting under their skin, frustrate them and, when the officials aren't calling fouls, even the most obvious, it's up to the players to play through those missed calls.
The Raptors must now move past Sunday's late-game meltdown that would see three starters and Casey being shown the door.
There's so much to look forward to that it's of little meaning to look past.
If anything, Sunday could be remembered as one of those cleansing of the soul sessions, best illustrated by DeRozan, who had finally seen enough.
But he must stay composed in such situations, knowing full well additional moments of adversity are right around the corner, sequences he can't control.
The best way for DeRozan is to continue to attack the basket, initiate contact and force the officials to make a call.
A few have argued how DeRozan should have been more forceful when he took the Thunder's Corey Brewer off the dribble.
Davis should have whistled Brewer for a foul, but he didn't, some believing the ref didn't have the best view of the play.
“It's very important to keep your composure,'' said Kyle Lowry following the loss to OKC. “It's definitely tough, but it's very important to keep your composure.”
Lowry fouled out with just more than three minutes remaining.
Some of his fouls were of the 50-50 variety, some where he probably should have used better judgment in trying to retrieve loose balls.
“We've still got bigger goals and, long term you know, this will help us every time we are on the floor,” he said. “Every situation is going to help us long term, so it's just another step in our journey.”
Lowry is right because the Raptors are good, with a real shot to play for an NBA title.
OKC is rolling and the only player close to resembling Russell Westbrook in the East is LeBron James, whom the Raptors will meet Wednesday night in Cleveland.
The Thunder has better talent than the Cavs, who don't have anyone on their roster outside of James capable of creating their own shot.
OKC brought a physical edge to the game and as Casey readily admitted afterwards, the Raptors did not match it.
“We didn't,'' the coach said. “We didn't handle the pick and roll well with (Steven) Adams, we didn't rotate properly, quick enough. We have to get back in front, we've done it all year, it's nothing new.
“The speed and conviction you need to do it with wasn't there (Sunday). Those are the things where, the speed of the game is the type of speed you are going to see in the playoffs, that type of speed, that type of physicality and we have to do a better job.
“We have to prepare them (players) better for those types of situations, we need to do a better job of getting back in front, challenging the shot and when the shot goes up we have to gang rebound.”
RAPS HIT ROAD WITH RECORD IN SIGHT
The Raptors hit the road for a back-to-back set hoping to hit a milestone, one of many for a team that is on the cusp of setting a club record for most wins in a season.
OKC ended the Raptors' franchise-tying win streak at 11, but the Raptors have won eight on the road as they play the host Magic Tuesday night before winging it to Cleveland for a Wednesday date with LeBron James and the Cavs.
On the season, the Raptors are 23-12 on the road, their next win tying for most away wins in franchise history, set during the 2015-16 season.
Toronto hasn't played a back to back on the road since Christmas when the Raptors had a Boxing Day evening tip in Dallas followed a game in OKC.
The Raptors lost both, the only time the team has lost back-to-back road games on consecutive nights.
Following the Magic-Cavs back to back, the Raptors end the season with two more sets of back to backs, but neither features two consecutive road games.
As the home team, which includes a tip in London, England, the Magic has lost eight of 10 against the Raptors.
Overall, Orlando has lost 16 of the last 19 meetings with Toronto.
fzicarelli@postmedia.com
It had to have been lost in the mail. It's the only plausible explanation.
I can't imagine any other reason for not receiving an invitation to at least one of the “by invitation only” dinners held since 2013 with B.C.'s deputy ministers.
The annual cash for access event is hosted by the B.C. Chamber of Commerce.
After all, it might seem a little crass for the B.C. Liberal party to host private fundraising dinners with deputy ministers, even by B.C.'s Wild West standards.
There's no mistaking their purpose, though.
The chamber's 2014 six-page invitation read, in part: “(B.C.'s) deputy ministers are tasked with ensuring that the goals and outcomes of the provincial government are met. While often working outside the public spotlight, they are invaluable sources of information and knowledge about their ministries and ministry policies.”
This private, invitation-only event creates an ideal forum for dialogue and discussion between guests and leaders of B.C.'s public service.
The evening consists of a reception and a dinner, where guests are seated directly with the deputy minister of their choice. This is an unparallelled opportunity to express your perspective and concerns directly to B.C.'s deputy ministers.”
No ambiguity there. And all for $275 a plate.
Sponsorships were also available for well-heeled invitees.
The platinum sponsor for the 2014 dinner was Telus, the B.C. Maritime Employers Association and Spectra Energy were the gold sponsors and McKesson Corp. the silver sponsor. McKesson acquired Rexall pharmacies in 2016.
Who were among the lucky few to be given the chance to rent the ear of a deputy minister over dinner?
Guest lists don't seem to be readily available online, but someone — bless their heart — hired a photographer for the 2013 dinner at the Empress Hotel's Crystal Ballroom.
The by-invitation-only crowd barely filled half the ballroom. The comradery between lobbyists and deputy ministers shines through in the photos.
Guests included a veritable who's who of B.C.'s lobbying industry.
Hill+Knowlton lobbyist Steve Vander Wal chose to have dinner with deputy minister of health Stephen Brown. At the time, Vander Wal's clients included Eli Lilly, AbbVie and Merck Canada.
Michael Cunningham, a consultant lobbyist for Purdue Pharma — makers of OxyContin — was at the dinner.
The former vice president of government relations at Telus, Dave Cunningham, chose John Dyble — then-deputy minister to former premier Christy Clark — as his dinner date.
In addition to Spectra, the energy industry was well represented, with lobbyists from the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers, the B.C. LNG Alliance, Woodfibre LNG, the Independent Power Producers of B.C., Imperial Oil, ConocoPhillips Canada and Cenovus Energy.
Kinder Morgan found time to squeeze the dinner in between the B.C. Liberal party's annual leader's golf tournament in September and Clark's Burnaby homecoming dinner in November.
The golf tournament and homecoming dinner were all the more surprising because the company made clear in its 2013 Trans Mountain Pipeline application to the National Energy Board that the company's code of ethics forbids it from donating to political parties.
The executive director of the B.C. Securities Commission, Paul Bourque, was in attendance, as was Josh Christensen, a Hill+Knowlton lobbyist whose clients included the Port of Vancouver at the time.
Former CEO of the B.C. Chamber of Commerce, John Winter, appears in a number of photos. Winter headed up Future Prosperity for B.C., a group that may have spent up to $2 million on an anti-NDP campaign in advance of this year's provincial election.
The group went dark just prior to the writ dropping, with Winter telling the Globe and Mail at the time: “We feel we've done what we can do with what we had, without coming under the scrutiny of the Elections Act. Why would that be nefarious?”
The 2014 invitation included a shopping list of deputy ministers. At least 12 current deputy ministers are on that list, including Richard Fyfe, then and still deputy Attorney General.
They say B.C. stands for “Bring Cash”. Maybe that's because everything seems to be for sale, including eating with the deputy minister of your choice.
Let's hope the 2016 dinner was the last supper.
Dermod Travis is the executive director of IntegrityBC.
The NBA experiences are being developed and delivered by Wasserman's Experience division, and will feature three NBA and BBVA branded digitally immersive domes, NBA talent, an authentic NBA wooden court and an interactive 360-degree experience.
NBA is using the activity to boost brand awareness and fan engagement within Spain, and the brand has plans to roll out further experiences across other markets within EMEA. The NBA Fan Zone will tour four locations in Spain until 25 June, including Salamanca, San Sebastian, Alicante, and Córdoba, and the brand expects to welcome 6,000 fans to each experience.
Guests will be able to play three point competitions, showdowns and one-on-one games on a wooden court, which will also welcome NBA talent such as CJ Mccollum, Anderson Varejão, Harrison Barnes and team mascots.
Three domes will immerse audiences into different parts of the sport; The NBA Arena dome features a three-screen projection experience displaying the best NBA moments, The Locker Room dome provides fans with stats, photos and history of both current and past players and The Digital Dome gives fans the chance to create content for their social channels such as a 360 degree slow motion video from the centre circle of an NBA court.
Henry Utku, head of basketball operations and events at NBA, said: "Basketball is a global sport, and expanding and building our fanbase around the world continues to be a key focus for the NBA. The NBA Zone experience is a great platform to achieve this as the experience immerses audiences in an authentic NBA environment, creating an experience that fans will want to share with friends online."
Andrew Fraser, director of experience at Wasserman, said: "The NBA Zone concept is designed to deliver an engaging and authentic NBA experience to fans across Spain. Using the latest advances in technology, we've brought to life the experience to show people what it really feels like to be a part of the NBA community, capturing the excitement of the game for audiences old and new."
More: In May, Wasserman was confirmed as the NFL's experiential partner for the next three years. In February, Bud Light brought its Bud Light Crew HQ experiences to New Orleans NBA All-Star Weekend.
For your daily hit of news from the brand experience community, weekly brand and inspiration updates or your monthly trend download, register and subscribe to Event and our bulletins.
Follow @HannahLEllison1
Comment below to let us know what you think.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
NANTICOKE — A woman went missing Monday in Nanticoke, state police in Dunmore said.
Kathryn Condry, 58, a patient at Clarks Summit State Hospital, ran away from workers while at a treatment visit. She was last seen on Broad Street in Nanticoke at about 4 p.m.
Condry is 5 feet 5 inches tall, between 160-170 pounds, and was wearing dark pants, a blue or green jacket and carrying a white purse.
Anyone with information about her location should call state police at 570-963-3156.
— CLAYTON OVER
London police have issued an arrest warrant for Robert Ashley Williams, 35, in connection with the death of Dereck Szaflarski.
READ MORE: London police identify 27-year-old man as victim in Richmond Row homicide probe
Williams is wanted on a charge of second-degree murder and is described as having a brown or light-skinned black complexion, standing six feet or taller, heavy build, with possible facial hair. He was last seen wearing blue jeans, a dark T-shirt, and black running shoes with white soles.
Also on Wednesday, police reported that the vehicle the suspect used to flee the scene was found north of the city and has now been returned to London for examination.
Officers were called to the scene of Richmond Street and Piccadilly Street around 2:30 a.m. Saturday for reports of an altercation.
According to the investigation, the victim and another man became involved in a physical altercation near the corner of the intersection.
During the altercation, police say the victim sustained serious injuries and later died in hospital. An unspecified weapon has not been recovered, police said.
READ MORE: London man charged with first degree murder in Grey Street stabbing
Pools of blood could be seen on the sidewalk at the southeast corner of the intersection. A store window on the southwest corner of the intersection was shattered during the incident.
— With files from 980 CFPL's Matthew Trevithick and Jaclyn Carbone.
Plugging your phone in every time you want to charge it seems so last year. Wireless charging is the future, but in order to take advantage of it, you need a compatible phone and a wireless charging pad. There are so many different options out there, but not all of them charge your phone the same.
Anker is well-known for its awesome charging accessories, and its wireless charging pad is no exception. Right now you can pick up the Anker PowerPort Wireless 5 Pad for $18.59 at Amazon, which is a savings of around $6 from its regular price. This option can charge your phone about 10% faster than similar ones, but not quite as quick as its more expensive fast wireless charging pad.
This will work with new phones like the iPhone 8 and iPhone X, as well as Android phones such as the Samsung Galaxy Note 8, LG G6 and more.Other features include:
Charge Fast, Live More: Charge 10% faster than other 5W wireless chargers.
Case-Friendly: Charge straight through even extra-tough cases. (Metal attachments or credit cards will interfere with charging.)
Certified Safe: Eliminate safety concerns with overvoltage protection, temperature control, foreign object detection, and more.
The charger doesn't come with an AC adapter, so you'll want to make sure you pick one up, and the Micro-USB cable is on the shorter side, so we'd recommend grabbing a longer one so that you can place the charger in a better spot for yourself.
See at Amazon
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
Export of fruits from the country increased by 4.74 percent during first 10 months of current fiscal year as compared to same period of the preceding fiscal year. The fruits export during the period under review rose to $358.23 million from $342.01 million in July-April 2016-17, according to the latest data revealed by Pakistan Bureau of Statistics (PBS) Wednesday.
On year-on-year basis, the fruits export also witnessed an increase of 16.62 percent as it soared to $18.54 million in April 2018 from $15.89 million in same month of last year. On monthly basis, however the export of fruits declined by 58 percent as $44.7m worth of export was recorded in March 2018.
KALAMAZOO, Mich. (WOOD) — The Western Michigan University Broncos are taking on the Wisconsin Badgers in the Cotton Bowl Monday.
Below is a list of watch parties taking place in West Michigan (list courtesy of MyWMU):
GRAND RAPIDS:
Gravity Taphouse Grille
3210 Deposit Drive NE
Uccello's Ristorante, Pizzeria & Sports Lounge
2630 E Beltline Ave.
KALAMAZOO:
Burdicks at Wings West
5076 Sports Drive
Hangar Bar and Grill
4301 W Main Street
Kalamazoo State Theatre
404 S Burdick Street
Library Kitchen & Taphouse
3725 Michigan Avenue
Mangia Pizza & Pasta Co
3112 S 9th Street
Old Burdick's Downtown
100 West Michigan Ave.
Wings Etc.
6740 Seeco Drive
MUSKEGON:
Buffalo Wild Wings
5648 Harvey Street
The Northside Pub
2353 Holton Road
PLAINWELL:
Rhino's Hometown Pub
107 S Main Street
PORTAGE:
Burger Town Grille
9136 Shaver Road
Jac's Cekola's Pizza
7638 S. Westnedge Ave
Lodo Company
153 W Centre Ave
Monelli's Italian Grill & Sports Bar
7141 S. Westnedge Ave
RICHLAND:
The Richland Pub
8253 N 32nd Street
ROCKFORD:
Uccello's Ristorante, Pizzeria & Sports Lounge
19 N Main Street
—
Online:
MyWMU Cotton Bowl watch parties list
Inside woodtv.com:
WMU in the Cotton Bowl
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Catalan President Quim Torra has appointed a Cabinet composed of members not being investigated in a judicial probe into last year's independence bid, paving the way for an end to the seven-month vacuum in the regional government.
Spanish central authorities, who are managing Catalonia directly since separatists passed a unilateral declaration of independence in October, need to publish their names now in an official gazette. Madrid's special controls over the prosperous region will lift once the new Catalan Cabinet is sworn in, possibly over the weekend.
Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy's conservative government refused to publish a previous list of ministerial nominees that included two people in pre-trial custody and two more fighting extradition to Spain from Belgium.
The respite in the Catalan crisis comes as Rajoy faces a parliamentary no-confidence vote Friday following corruption convictions involving members of his ruling Popular Party.
Torra, who came to power last month promising to resume efforts to create an independent republic of 7.5 million inhabitants in northeastern Spain, signed a decree with the new appointments late on Tuesday.
Among the new nominees is Elsa Artadi, a key adviser to ousted Catalan president Carles Puigdemont, who is now in Berlin and also sought by Spanish judicial authorities. Artadi will also be the regional government's spokeswoman, Torra's decree said.
The spat over Catalonia's future prompted Spain's worst political crisis in decades, though its three main political parties at the national level have been united against Catalan independence so far.
The opposition is nevertheless trying to oust Rajoy's government. All major opposition parties are calling for Rajoy to step down after Spain's National Court last week said it had uncovered a vast system of bribes given to former officials or lawmakers of his Popular Party in exchange for juicy contracts between 1999 and 2005. Spanish PM Rajoy vowed yesterday not to resign ahead of a no-confidence vote in parliament Friday over graft convictions against members of his conservative Popular Party and the court casting doubt on his testimony.
Asked in parliament by an opposition lawmaker if he would step down, Rajoy said his "intention" was to "carry out the mandate granted by Spaniards" and serve out his four-year term which ends in 2020. He recalled that his Popular Party (PP) won "over 50 more seats" in the last general election in June 2016 than the second most voted party, the Socialists, who last week filed a no-confidence motion against Rajoy. The vote on the motion will take place on Friday.
‘Ducks Drill Down' is a regular, ~weekly column that recaps the latest goings-on with the Anaheim Ducks.
After their first-ever game in Las Vegas, the Anaheim Ducks returned home from their five-game road trip. While their three games last week were bookended by shootout and overtime losses, a solid 3-0 victory over the slumping Ottawa Senators in between allowed them to pick up four of a possible six points during the week. A clean sweep and a reversal of their overtime struggles would have been nice, but the Ducks will take the points.
The better news is that they are slowly getting closer to icing an optimal lineup (Patrick Eaves' indefinite absence notwithstanding), as their top two centers, Ryan Getzlaf and Ryan Kesler, both practiced last week.
Getzlaf, Silfverberg, & Kesler Nearing Returns
Getzlaf, recovering from a fractured cheekbone that has kept him out of action since Oct. 29 in Carolina, is further along than Kesler, as projected. His return could coincide with that of winger Jakob Silfverberg, who has not played since Nov. 29 in St. Louis after sustaining an upper-body injury. Interestingly enough for the veteran Getzlaf, who will finally be wearing a face shield, his first game back could be against none other than Carolina on Monday night. Hopefully he will last longer than he did against the Hurricanes on Oct. 29, when a puck hit him in the face and caused the fracture before the game was a minute old.
Signs are pointing toward Ryan Getzlaf and Jakob Silfverberg being with Ducks for Monday's game against Carolina. Top six in practice was Rakell-Getzlaf-Perry and Cogliano-Henrique-Silfverberg. — Eric Stephens (@icemancometh) December 9, 2017
Now that actually looks like a formidable top six, especially with Henrique solidifying things down the middle. It's a refreshing change for the Ducks, who have stumbled through this season held loosely together by Scotch tape and somehow managed a just-above .500 record at 12-11-7. Having some more depth up front will help assuage the blue line's depletion after Sami Vatanen's departure and the latest injury to defenseman Hampus Lindholm, who is on injured reserve and does not appear to be too close to returning.
Regarding Henrique, he has paid immediate dividends after coming over from the New Jersey Devils in exchange for Vatanen. In just five games with the Ducks, the 27-year-old has picked up six points (three goals and three assists) while recording at least one point in every contest.
“I've felt good on the ice, which I think has been the most important thing for me,” Henrique said after notching two goals against the Senators on Dec. 6. “Adjusting to new systems, the new language, kind of all that. Getting on the same page with new linemates. So I think that's been the biggest thing for me. And I felt good. “Obviously the points are a nice touch.”
Kesler's eventual return will present the Ducks with a deep center corps. Henrique could slide down to the third line, giving Anaheim scoring punch in the bottom six and thereby creating matchup problems for opponents. Faceoff specialist Antoine Vermette would serve as a quality fourth-line pivot.
Coming off offseason hip surgery and needing to adjust his skating to mitigate the stress placed on his lower body in his immediate return means Kesler will still need a bit more time. His return date is not certain, but his presence at practice is obviously a great sign, and perhaps points to general manager Bob Murray's pre-Christmastime estimate as being not too far off.
Points Amidst Overtime Struggles
As the Ducks look forward to the returns of some of their key players, they continue to keep their heads above water in the standings. Taking four of six points is unquestionably a net positive, though Anaheim's inability to put games away or gain the extra overtime point has to leave a somewhat sour taste.
The Ducks are just 2-7 in games decided beyond regulation, including a mark of 0-3 in the five-minute 3-on-3 overtime session. Against the Golden Knights last Tuesday, they held a 3-2 lead in the third period before yielding the tying marker with just 4:22 to go. They would go on to lose in a shootout.
After shutting out Ottawa, they fell in the overtime session to the Minnesota Wild. It was a different scenario, as Henrique tied the game at 2 for Anaheim with 6:25 left in regulation. So in that sense, the Ducks had to be happy to get the game to overtime. However, they let another chance for an extra point slip away when Minnesota's Matt Dumba walked in alone to the front of the net before depositing the game-winning goal.
As good as it is for the Ducks to be getting something out of these games where they are icing a suboptimal lineup, they need to eventually start picking up the extra point when they have the opportunity, as a playoff berth could very well come down to the slimmest of margins.
Looking Ahead
After Monday's home tilt against the Hurricanes (and the potential returns of Getzlaf and Silfverberg), the Ducks will head out for another long road trip as their home-heavy schedule from the early part of the season starts to come back into balance. They'll be in St. Louis again on Thursday before playing the Capitals in Washington, D.C. on Saturday.
Beyond that, they'll round out the six-game trip the following week with four games against Metropolitan Division foes (the New Jersey Devils, New York Rangers, New York Islanders, and defending-champion Pittsburgh Penguins). It's a tough stretch, but the Ducks should be better equipped to handle it from a lineup standpoint.
Manchester City defender Benjamin Mendy is closing in on his first appearance for the club after training with his new team-mates for the first time.
Mendy has been suffering with a thigh injury since his £52million summer move from Monaco and missed City's opening 2-0 Premier League win over Brighton on Saturday.
But the Frenchman took part in a training session in Catalonia on Monday ahead of his side's friendly match against La Liga new boys Girona on Tuesday night.
Mendy spent one season at Monaco before being snapped up by City and jetting straight to the United States to join his new club on their pre-season tour.
His progress may give boss Pep Guardiola hope that Mendy could yet be in the frame to make his competitive debut for City against Everton next Monday night.
Officials of the National Industrial Research and Development Agency (NIRDA) told Rwanda Today that the government decided to ditch the project …
Rwead more
Free Price Quote From a Local Dealer Free Price Quote From a View Special Offers
No Obligation, Fast & Simple Free New Car Quote Change Car Select Make Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Scion smart Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select Model DB9 DB9 GT Rapide S Vanquish Vantage GO 1. Vehicle Option Trim Exterior Color No Preference Black Blue Brown Gold Green Orange Red Silver White Yellow Interior Color No Preference Beige Black Blue Gray Green Other Red White Buying Time Frame Within 48 hours Within a week Within two weeks Within a month More than a month Payment Method Undecided Loan Lease Cash Trade In? Yes No 3. Dealer Selection Receive your free dealer pricing information by completing your contact information!
Aston Martin is getting ready to introduce its first vehicle under the new AMR sub-brand. The race-inspired Aston Martin Vantage AMR will reach 300 customers around the globe by the end of the year.
The model is available in four color schemes: Stratus White with orange graphic, Ultramarine Black with Blue graphic, Zaffre Blue with Red graphic, and Scintilla Silver with Grey graphic. A special “Halo Pack” pays homage to the WEC-winning #95 Vantage GTE with a Stirling Green paint job and Lime Green accents. Just like on last year's GTE, this model is available with a special Union Jack-enameled wings badge.
Both coupe and roadster versions will be available. Inside the cabin, coupes feature a combination of leather and Alcantara while roadsters stick with an all-leather interior. The interior color scheme is matched to the exterior colors selected by the customer. In this tradition, the Halo Pack features lime green accents.
Buyers can also choose between different wheel finishes, and lightweight carbon fiber seats are also offered. Carbon fiber can also be found on the front grille, side strakes, mirror caps, door handles, instrument surrounds, and other areas. An optional AMR Aero Kit for coupes, produced with the help of Aston Martin Racing and constructed from carbon fiber, offers a unique front splitter and dive planes, side sills, and a fixed rear spoiler. A feature borrowed from the Vantage AMR Pro Concept shown at this year's Geneva auto show is the design of the forged aluminum wheels.
Now to the important part: the engine. A total of 200 copies will come with a V-8 engine, while the rest will come with the V-12. The V-8 models make the same 430 hp as the non-AMR models, but V-12 models get an additional 30 hp for a grand total of 595 hp.
Earlier this year, Aston Martin announced it would create the new AMR sub-brand to accommodate high-performance variants of standard vehicles. At the time, Aston Martin said the new sub-brand was the next logical step after seeing the success of other limited-edition, high-performance models like the Vantage GT8 and Vantage GT12. Aston Martin said it would bring out an AMR version of the Rapide.
Prices start at 97,995 pounds in the U.K. and 126,995 euros in Germany. Deliveries will begin in the last quarter of the year. Unfortunately, Aston Martin has confirmed no copies will be available in the U.S.
Source: Aston Martin
This statement was originally published on eff.org on 11 March 2018.
Government transparency laws like the Freedom of Information Act exist to enforce the public's right to inspect records so we can all figure out what the heck is being done in our name and with our tax dollars.
But when a public agency ignores, breaks or twists the law, your recourse varies by jurisdiction. In some states, when an official improperly responds to your public records request, you can appeal to a higher bureaucratic authority or seek help from an ombudsperson. In most states, you can take the dispute to court.
Public shaming and sarcasm, however, are tactics that can be applied anywhere.
The California-based news organization Reveal tweets photos of chickpeas or coffee beans to represent each day a FOIA response is overdue, and asks followers to guess how many there are. The alt weekly DigBoston has sent multiple birthday cakes and edible arrangements to local agencies on the one-year anniversary of delayed public records requests. And here, at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, we give out The Foilies during Sunshine Week, an annual celebration of open-government advocacy.
In its fourth year, The Foilies recognizes the worst responses to records requests, outrageous efforts to stymie transparency and the most absurd redactions. These tongue-in-cheek pseudo-awards are hand-chosen by EFF's team based on nominations from fellow transparency advocates, participants in #FOIAFriday on Twitter, and, in some cases, our own personal experience.
If you haven't heard of us before, EFF is a nonprofit based in San Francisco that works on the local, national and global level to defend and advance civil liberties as technology develops. As part of this work, we file scores of public records requests and take agencies like the U.S. Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, and the Los Angeles Police Department to court to liberate information that belongs to the public.
Because shining a spotlight is sometimes the best the litigation strategy, we are pleased to announce the 2018 winners of The Foilies.
Quick links to the winners:
The Mulligan Award - Pres. Donald J. Trump
FOIA Fee of the Year - Texas Department of Criminal Justice
Best Set Design in a Transparency Theater Production - Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed
Special Achievement for Analog Conversion - Former Seattle Mayor Ed Murray
The Winger Award for FOIA Feet Dragging - FBI
The Prime Example Award - Midcoast Regional Redevelopment Authority (Maine)
El Premio del Desayuno Más Redactado - CIA
The Courthouse Bully Award - Every Agency Suing a Requester
The Lawless Agency Award - U.S. Customs and Border Protection
The Franz Kafka Award for Most Secrets About Secretive Secrecy - CIA
Special Recognition for Congressional Overreach - U.S. House of Representatives
The Data Disappearance Award - Trump Administration
The Danger in the Dark Award - The Army Corps of Engineers
The Business Protection Agency Award - The Food and Drug Administration
The Exhausted Mailman Award - Bureau of Indian Affairs
Crime & Punishment Award - Martin County Commissioners (Florida)
The Square Footage Award - Jacksonville Sheriff's Office (Florida)
These Aren't the Records You're Looking For Award - San Diego City Councilmember Chris Cate
The Mulligan Award - Pres. Donald J. Trump
Since assuming the presidency, Donald Trump has skipped town more than 55 days to visit his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, according to sites like trumpgolfcount.com and NBC. He calls it his "Winter White House," where he wines and dines and openly strategizes how to respond to North Korean ballistic missile tests with the Japanese prime minister for all his paid guests to see and post on Facebook. The fact that Trump's properties have become secondary offices and remain a source of income for his family raises significant questions about transparency, particularly if club membership comes with special access to the president. To hold the administration accountable, Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington filed a FOIA request for the visitor logs, but received little in response. CREW sued and, after taking another look, the Secret Service provided details about the Japanese leader's entourage. As Politico and others reported, the Secret Service ultimately admitted they're not actually keeping track. The same can't be said about Trump's golf score.
FOIA Fee of the Year - Texas Department of Criminal Justice
Sexual assault in prison is notoriously difficult to measure due to stigma, intimidation, and apathetic bureaucracy. Nevertheless, MuckRock reporter Nathanael King made a valiant effort to find out whatever he could about these investigations in Texas, a state once described by the Dallas Voice as the "Prison Rape Capital of the U.S." However, the numbers that the Texas Department of Criminal Justice came back with weren't quite was he was expecting. TDCJ demanded he fork over a whopping [US]$1,132,024.30 before the agency would release 260,000 pages of records that it said would take 61,000 hours of staff time to process. That in itself may be an indicator of the scope of the problem. However, to the agency's credit, they pointed the reporter in the direction of other statistical records compiled to comply with the federal Prison Rape Elimination Act, which TDCJ provided for free.
For details on the other award winners read the full statement on EFF's site.
NEW DELHI: In a bid to ensure relief to more than four crore construction workers , the Supreme Court on Monday asked the Centre to treat them as formal sector employees by bringing them within the ambit of social welfare laws and provide benefits like paid maternity leave, provident fund and minimum wage.The court directed the Centre to frame a scheme to ensure workers receive proper education, health, social security, old age, disability pension and other benefits necessary to live a dignified life.A bench of Justices Madan B Lokur and Deepak Gupta expressed concern over the Centre and states not addressing the plight of construction workers despite Parliament framing Building and Other Construction Workers (Regulation of Employment and Conditions of Service) Act in 1996 for levy and collection of 1 percent cess on cost of construction.Around Rs 37,400 crore have been collected from cess over the years but only about Rs 9,500 crore have been utilised and Rs 28,000 crore remain unutilised. The court noted workers were not being registered under the Act, with only 1.5 crore out of four crore covered.“It is quite clear to us that insofar as the rights of construction workers are concerned, that vulnerable section of the society has been badly let down by the governance structure,” the bench said. “Unless there is effective and full compliance of the provisions ... thousands of beneficiaries will be denied what is constitutionally and statutorily due to them.”
Whitney Houston‘s mother had no clue about allegations that her son and superstar daughter were molested as children until the making of the new documentary “Whitney,” says the film's executive producer.
Patricia Houston, the sister-in-law of Whitney, is responsible for getting the film, out Friday, to screen. Directed by Kevin Macdonald, “Whitney” paints an intimate portrait of the Grammy-winning pop queen and movie star through interviews with her brothers, her mother, friends, and behind-the-scenes footage. Houston's regal image over the decades was eroded by erratic behavior due to her drug use; she died in 2012, on the eve of the Grammys, after being discovered unresponsive in a hotel bathtub. She was 48.
It's the second documentary on Houston: “Whitney: Can I Be Me” was released earlier this year.
Patricia Houston, wife of Gary Garland-Houston, said it was difficult making “Whitney” because it hit so close to home — and because she was the one who had to tell Cissy Houston not only that there were abuse allegations, but they would be in the film.
“It was deeply a revelation for her. You think about her, and it being a bit overbearing for her to hear — and her kids not telling her. That's pretty tough to have to deal with,” said Houston.
Dee Dee Warwick, the niece of Cissy Houston and sister to Dionne Warwick, was the alleged abuser. The alleged incidents took place when Gary and Whitney were between the ages of 7 and 9 and Cissy was touring. Warwick, who was 18 years older than Whitney Houston, died in 2008.
The documentary suggests that the sexual abuse endured by the children was a significant contributor to their struggles with drugs as adults.
“I don't think you can explain anyone's life from one particular event that's happened to them. But I think that it's certainly fair to say that it's maybe, in my opinion, the major contributor to Whitney's unhappiness,” Macdonald said. “That and the fact that she never talked about it, and that nobody in the family talked about this and clearly it happened as you'd learned in the film.”
Macdonald says the secrets in Houston's life took their toll on the Grammy-winning singer. He cites a clip in the film shot in the mid-2000s that shows her in conflict.
“I think there's an amazing piece of home movie footage in the film, which was from the early 2000s where Whitney is sort of really looking despairing. … she's talking to herself, really going, ‘Nippy calling Whitney. Whitney calling Nippy.' And Nippy was her sort of nickname that everybody close to her knew her as Nippy. And Nippy was the real her, as it were, the intimate her. Whitney was the persona,” Macdonald said.
“I think what you see in that home movie clip is this confusion that she has. I think it got progressively worse as she got older. The confusion between what's the real me, and what's not the real me. And obviously, the drugs didn't help with that,” Macdonald said.
Share:
Ever since the former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif was ousted by the Supreme Court on July 28, following investigations into the Panama Papers scandal, we have seen a silent tussle between the government and the military, with PML-N often alluding to a hostile “establishment” which was engineering into the field of politics, and which was behind the ‘judicial' coup. The worsening tension between the civil and military forces, however, has so far been an indirect badly-kept secret, and is yet to be discussed on any official channels of the state.
However, perhaps it is time that we do discuss and debate how the frequent tensions, tussles and controversies are there for everyone to see. Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi also seems to agree with this opinion, as on his news conference with Miftah Ismail on Monday, he called for a national debate on future civil-military relations, the role of the judiciary, accountability and other state institutions, as he reviewed PML-N government's performance over the last five years. While giving a review of PML-N's performance for the past five years, the PM stated that the party had respected the vote by delivering upon its promises, but that its performance had been impacted by the Panama Papers verdict, and the continual activism of the judiciary and establishment into spheres of the political. Therefore, to ensure that progress is not hampered again, the PM argued that there should be a national dialogue on what should be the role of the judiciary and NAB when the next government came to power.
Whether the judiciary and establishment have caused a negative effect on the progress of democracy is a debate that has certainly been occurring on indirect political fronts, and speeches in political rallies. Thus, there is no reason why this debate should not be had on the national front, and through more direct channels. The solution requires confrontation with the issue, instead of brushing it under the rug.
Broken civil-military relations have been a repeated reality of our country's past, yet the officials streams of the state always maintains an uncomfortable silence while discussing the clashes of the military and civil. This has resulted in much misinformation and conspiracies being spread and has resulted in alienation of civilians.. It is time we deliberate on this as a nation.
More than 1,200 people have died from illicit drug overdoses so far this year in B.C.
Numbers released Monday by the BC Coroners Service shows that 96 people lost their lives in October, bringing the year's total to 1,208 deaths.
READ MORE: B.C. hits record number of illicit drug overdose deaths
As has been the case for all of 2017 so far, the highest number of people who died that month were in Vancouver, Surrey and Victoria.
Fentanyl continues to kill. The powerful painkiller was discovered in about one in five overdose deaths this year. According to the Canadian Border Security Agency, the amount of fentanyl seized in the first six months of 2017 is 70 per cent higher than the same period last year.
Men between 30-49 years old remain the most at risk for overdose-related deaths.
Earlier this month, the B.C. government announced it was creating a multi-tiered overdose emergency response centre, to better connect regional and local social workers, health authorities and other workers.
The centre will be made up of experts and full-time health staff at Vancouver General Hospital, with five regional teams implemented at each health authority.
@katslepian
katya.slepian@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The Community Health Center of the New River Valley in Christiansburg, Virginia, is pleased to announce newly-elected Board Members and Officers for 2018- 2019.
Tracy Cohn, Ph.D., Licensed Clinical Psychologist and Associate Professor of Psychology at Radford University (RU), is the new Board Chairman. Cohn has been active with the Community Health Center since 2012 and teaching at RU as an Associate Professor of Psychology since 2007. In addition, Dr. Cohn maintains a private practice in Blacksburg.
Other Executive Officers include: Treasurer – Chuck Sawyers, Carilion Clinic Vice President of Finance, and Secretary – Lynne Knox, Director of Blacksburg Montessori School. James Bohland, Ph.D., Professor Emeritus, Virginia Tech School of Public and Internal Affairs, is Past-Chairman. These individuals are joined by: Bettye Ackerman, Attorney; Jim Bronnenkant, Director of Operations retiree from UTC Aerospace
Systems; Judy Diggs, Director of Student Intervention Services for Montgomery County Public Schools; Anthony Grafsky, Senior Director of Clinical Operations, Carilion Clinic; Joan Hirt, Ph.D.; Jacquelyn Jackson; Susan Marmagas, MPH, Associate Professor of Practice and MPH Program Director, Virginia Tech; Beth Paterson, Science Teacher, Auburn High School; Julie Settlage, DVM, DACVS, MSc Vet Ed, Acting Attending Veterinarian and Interim Director of Laboratory Animal Resources for Virginia-Maryland College of Veterinarian Medicine; and John T. Staten Jr., Ed.D., Assistant Superintendent, Montgomery County Public Schools.
The Community Health Center of the New River Valley provides affordable and high quality medical, dental, behavioral and preventative health care services to people of all ages, regardless of ability to pay. For more information about the Community Health Center's services and programs call 540-381-0820 or visit our website at www.chcnrv.org.
The monsoon is upon us, and Vogue India's July 2018 issue is here to give you all the inspiration you need to stand out against the backdrop of dreary skies and thunderstorms. This month, Sonam K Ahuja lets us in on what it takes to organise a wedding that has the potential to take over Instagram, and gets candid about the endearing tale behind her relationship with now-husband Anand S Ahuja. In other news, we're featuring inspiring women of Indian origin who are making a name for themselves worldwide, and the places worth travelling to this year. Here's why you can't miss out on our latest issue.
1 /5 Inside the Bollywood wedding of the year In this month's cover story, Sonam K Ahuja and Anand S Ahuja finally open up about how it all started. The newly-married power couple talk about their first meeting, the progression of their romance, and the life they are building together. Their heartwarming story is accompanied by over 150 exclusive photographs from their wedding celebrations, that take you right inside the Bollywood star's private wedding album. Image: Signe Vilstrup To be or not to be Across the globe today, women are making the conscious decision to not have children, viewing motherhood as an option rather than the norm. Janice Pariat explores the development of this notion in India, and its underlying influences. Image: Rohan Hande The awe-inspiring women you need to know about Women of Indian origin are making waves globally in the design industry, infusing individuality into their labels and creations through personal stories. We talk to six women and discuss their inspirations, journeys and wardrobes, while they share their visions for their brands. Image: Chris Craymer Everything you need to know to perfect your French beauty game We're all more than just a little bit obsessed with cracking the code to flawless, effortless French beauty—and rightly so. Our July issue rounds up the best tips and tricks to help you elevate your look. Image: Getty Turn your wanderlust into reality Puddles and pouring rain might have you curled up indoors with a hot cup of cocoa this month, but there's nothing stopping you from planning your next Instagram-worthy getaway. From road tripping in Jaipur to sunbathing in Portugal, there's something for everyone in this month's travel guide.
A 13-year-old girl is in a critical condition after she was allegedly raped and beaten by a 16-year-old juvenile in Uttar Pradesh's Kanpur Dehat district, the police said on Tuesday.The accused, a neighbour, allegedly committed the crime in the presence of his sister in Shivli town on Sunday, said Ratan Kant Pandey, Kanpur Dehat deputy inspector general (DIG).The juvenile, along with his father and mother, also allegedly beat up the girl, leaving her seriously injured. They threatened her of dire consequences if she dared to speak up, before letting her go home, Pandey said.The girl was admitted to a district hospital, from where she was shifted to Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital here. Her condition is said to be critical, the DIG said.The victim, however, narrated the incident to her family, who reported it to Shivli police station on Monday, the officer said.An FIR was registered under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the juvenile has been detained and his father and mother arrested on Tuesday, he said.It has been decided to slap relevant sections of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act, he added.
Jermain Defoe denied Liverpool a fifth successive Premier League victory with a penalty double as Sadio Mane went from hero to villain at Sunderland.
The Senegal international, playing his final game before heading off on African Nations Cup duty, looked to have won the game 18 minutes from time after Defoe had cancelled out Daniel Sturridge's opener from the spot.
However, his handball with five minutes left handed Defoe the opportunity to score his 11th goal of the season, and he obliged nervelessly to secure a 2-2 draw at the Stadium of Light.
The contrast between the form of the two sides could hardly have been more different ahead of kick-off, with Sunderland abject in defeat at Burnley on Boxing Day and Liverpool looking to maintain the pressure on leaders Chelsea.
Goalkeeper Vito Mannone was in fine form during a tight first half, turning away two efforts from Sturridge either side of a flying save from Georginio Wijnaldum inside the opening 18 minutes.
But opposite number Simon Mignolet was almost as busy against his former employers, fielding early efforts from Defoe and Jack Rodwell in an end-to-end start to the game.
The manner of Liverpool's opener jarred with the quality of the early attacking play on Wearside.
Defender Dejan Lovren scuffed his attempted volley from a James Milner corner harmlessly into the ground but saw the ball rear up off the turf for Sturridge to head past the helpless Mannone from close range.
If the home fans among a crowd of 46,494 feared the worst at that point, they were to be pleasantly surprised within five minutes when defender Ragnar Klavan clumsily upended midfielder Didier Ndong as he burst into the penalty area and Defoe slammed the resulting penalty into the bottom corner.
The England striker's first goal of 2017 should really have been followed almost immediately by his second after he ran on to Adnan Januzaj's through-ball but could not go round Mignolet with Fabio Borini firing wide from the rebound.
Sturridge tested Mannone once again from distance as the break approached, but the Italian stood firm to keep his side in it.
The home side were convinced they should have been awarded a second penalty when Emre Can appear to block Januzaj's 58th-minute cross with his arm, although at very close quarters, although referee Anthony Taylor was not.
The game was becoming increasingly stretched as the Black Cats sensed an opportunity, although that allowed the visitors to hit them on the break and Mannone needed to be at his best to keep out Sturridge's 71st-minute shot after he had run on to Adam Lallana's back-heel.
The Reds regained the lead from the resulting corner when Papy Djilobodji could only help on Alberto Moreno's corner to Mane, who tapped into the empty net, although his joy was short-lived when he conceded the game's second penalty by blocking Sebastian Larsson's free-kick with his arm.
Defoe's spot-kick was brutally emphatic to hand Sunderland a deserved share of the spoils.
An outspoken and charismatic woodcarver based in Bouctouche, N.B., known as “The Woodchuck,” has died.
Charles Bernard died Friday at the age of 69 at Dr. Georges-L.-Dumont University Hospital Centre in Moncton.
Bernard has spent 25 years as “The Woodchuck,” 15 of which were in Bouctouche Bay.
READ MORE: Artist overcomes the odds and finds success in chainsaw carving
He learned how to carve wood at Kingston Penitentiary, he told Global News in 2013, when he was in jail for various safe-cracking jobs.
In addition to these “jobs,” Bernard said in his life in the 1960s, he had passed counterfeit money, sold drugs and joined a bike gang and “terrorized the country.”
“I was some good biker,” he said. “If you could've seen me on a chopper, boy oh boy.”
As of 2013, he had whittled at least 1,500 carvings that sold for thousands of dollars. According to his obituary written on Passage Funeral Co-operative, Bernard taught woodcarving to students at various schools in New Brunswick and the Cultural Centre in Bouctouche.
“Where he could always be heard telling students who were afraid of ruining their carving ‘not to worry you can't make a mistake that I can't fix,'” the obituary reads.
WATCH: An outspoken, colourful wood carver known as the woodchuck is raising some eyebrows in Bouctouche, N.B. Chuck Bernard's creative woodcarvings hang in churches. But as Global's Shelley Steeves discovered, he certainly hasn't lead the life of a saint.
He told Global News that many of his carvings were about life, specifically his life. He even carved a coffin for himself, with his life's story etched into the wood.
On that coffin includes the moment he had said is when his life turned around.
“After going to jail so many times, a couple dozen times, it got really boring. So I go for my parole board review,” he said, and had pointed out that moment.
Thousands of people toured his shop every year, an experience often made through interactions with Bernard.
“Meeting Chuck was always a larger than life experience and he will be missed and always remembered by his loving family and the large network of friends, tourists, and those in the woodcarving and antiques community,” his obituary reads.
“I've got a big mouth, some I might piss off but it's neither here nor there,” he said in the interview in 2013.
READ MORE: Army veteran finding peace, new career making handcrafted pens
Prior to moving to Bouctouche Bay, he and his wife Cheryl — who is also known as “Woodchip” — were part of Curtain Call Theatre. And prior to woodcarving, he owned and operated Palumbos Variety and Palm Lunch in Dieppe, N.B.
Several messages of condolences have been posted to the guest book for Bernard, expressing shock over his passing as well as speaking to who he was as a person.
“The world has lost a very good man who loved entertaining people with his quick wit and his enjoyment in making people laugh,” wrote Linda and Bob McIsaac.
“He was [one] unique individual for sure and am proud to say we have a carving of his work in our home and will never forget him,” wrote Christine Churchill and Ed Hurley from Newfoundland.
“I loved listening to his stories, and bringing my friends and family to meet him, see his amazing art, and stop into your shop,” wrote Dee Milliken.
Visitations will take place Thursday at Sainte-Anne-de-Kent RC Church's slumber room in Sainte-Anne-de-Kent, N.B. from 5 p.m. until 8 p.m. A funeral mass will take place Friday at 11 a.m. at the church.
—With files from Shelley Steeves, Global News
The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll on NFL protests was conducted by NORC from Sept 28-Oct. 2. It is based on online and telephone interviews of 1,150 adults who are members of NORC's nationally representative AmeriSpeak panel.
The original sample was drawn from respondents selected randomly from NORC's National Frame based on address-based sampling and recruited by mail, email, telephone and face-to-face interviews.
NORC interviews participants over the phone if they don't have internet access. With a probability basis and coverage of people who can't access the internet, surveys using AmeriSpeak are nationally representative.
Interviews were conducted in English and Spanish.
Advertisement
As is done routinely in surveys, results were weighted, or adjusted, to ensure that responses accurately reflect the population's makeup by factors such as age, sex, race, education, region and phone use.
No more than 1 time in 20 should chance variations in the sample cause the results to vary by more than plus or minus 4.1 percentage points from the answers that would be obtained if all adults in the U.S. were polled.
The poll includes a total of 337 black respondents, who were sampled at a higher rate than their proportion of the population for purposes of analysis. The margin of sampling error among blacks is plus or minus 5.7 percentage points. For results reported among all adults, responses among blacks are weighted to reflect their proportion among all U.S. adults.
There are other sources of potential error in polls, including the wording and order of questions.
The questions and results are available at http://www.apnorc.org/
RCMP report for April 16 to April 23
• Calls for Service: 121
• Impaired Driving: Three (alcohol)
• Collisions in the city: Two collisions – both minor in nature.
• Collisions outside the city: Two — one serious rollover in Jaffray area being investigated by East Kootenay Traffic Services, and a single vehicle minor accident between a trailer and boulder.
• Hit and Run: One – a vehicle hit a parking meter in the area of 8th Ave South and Baker Street. The matter is still under investigation.
• Assaults: Seven (two domestic assaults resulting in arrests and pending charges, and five assaults where the suspect and victim were known to each other).
• Mental Health Related Calls: Three (no apprehensions, no calls for assistance to the East Kootenay Regional Hospital).
• Thefts: Four — one shoplifting incident; the theft of a Ford Truck tailgate from 2100 block of 2nd Street North area; the theft of an auto (the suspect was located and arrested, and charged for dangerous operation of a vehicle, in a joint effort between Cranbrook RCMP/ Police Dog Service/ Kimberly RCMP/ East Kootenay Traffic Service); Other — theft of cash from a backpack at Tamarack Mall.
• Break and Enter to Business: 0
• Break and Enter to Residence: One – nothing was stolen, but items were moved around residence.
• Break and Enter Other: 0
• Damage to property: Three — old damage to window of a residence; a window broken by neighbour; tire slashed.
• Drug Seizures: One (Cocaine)
• False Alarms and False 9/11: Eight
S/Sgt. Hector LEE
Cranbrook RCMP Detachment Commander
BMLG
Rascal Flatts continues to roll out instant dowload tracks ahead of the May 19 release of their album, Back to Us, and nobody is more excited about the latest one than Dan + Shay. That's because Dan Smyers and Shay Mooney co-wrote the track, called “Hopin' You Were Lookin'.”
“Today is a really good day because Rascal Flatts released a song we wrote!” the duo shared on social media.
It's worth noting that Shay can already take credit for a Rascal Flatts #1. He and Best New Artist Grammy winner Meghan Trainor co-wrote the trio's most recent chart-topper, “I Like the Sound of That.”
You can stream “Hopin' You Were Lookin',” the title track “Back to Us,” and the group's top-15 hit “Yours If You Want It” now — or, you can instantly download the tunes if you pre-order the album.
Dan + Shay happen to be a few spots ahead of Gary LeVox, Joe Don Rooney and Jay DeMarcus on the chart with their #12 hit, “How Not To.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Like this: Like Loading...
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. – New England might blow out Philadelphia in Super Bowl LII. Or vice versa. Crazy stuff happens, especially in over-hype's annual No. 1 showcase.
As much as any Super Bowl in recent memory, however, this game's a coin toss. Both went 13-3 in the regular season. Both had their hiccups down the stretch, for different reasons. Both have their vulnerabilities.
It's easy to make an argument for either team to win on Sunday. So read on.
Five reasons New England will win:
A guy named Brady
Tom Brady led the Patriots to three Super Bowl victories before anybody on the Eagles not named (punter) Donnie Jones had even entered the NFL. Better than any NFLer ever, Brady knows how to shine on this bright-light stage. It's his eighth Super Bowl, for crying out loud. And if you think this is the first time he's faced a scary pass rush, see Falcons, Atlanta, one year ago. Or Jaguars, Jacksonville, two weeks ago.
Hoody McGrumpypants
They curmudgeonly won't ever win the Miss Manners Award for sports coaches, but so what? Bill Belichick is pro football's best coach ever because he relentlessly drills all the little things into his players that can swing a big, close game. The largest margin of victory in New England's five Super Bowl wins under his tutelage? Six points. Three wins were sealed in the last minute. One – last year's – went past that, to overtime.
Nick Foles
You really think Nick Foles – Nick Friggin' Foles – is going to out-duel Brady in a Super Bowl? When up until a few weeks ago Foles actually was pitied, after second-year phenom Carson Wentz's season-ending injury? This is the first playoff game away from home Foles has ever played in. The last QB (of four) who won a Super Bowl without having played in a road playoff game was Kurt Warner in 1999.
Matchup problems for the Eagles
After QB, the biggest mismatch in this game favouring the Pats also is in the pass game. The Eagles aren't good at covering tight ends, and the Patriots have maybe the NFL's best in Rob Gronkowski. Also, according to ProFootballFocus.com, one of Philly's two starting cornerbacks, Jalen Mills, is glaringly slow and double-move vulnerable. Will the Eagles always have their much faster starting corner, Ronald Darby, cover blazing-fast Patriots wideout Brandin Cooks? They'd be better.
Experience
Kind of an important factor: the Patriots are the defending Super Bowl champions, and most of last year's team is back. All week here, Patriots players acted not arrogantly, or over-confidently, but rather as an ensemble exuding a relaxed focus, as though for them this is just another big game, ones they've been playing, and winning, for years. They know they can fall behind even by 25 points and still win. In a word, unflappable.
Five reasons Philadelphia will win:
That great, deep defensive line
You've read about 'em all week. Indeed, Philly's defenders, especially the front four, are the real deal who deserve all the ink they've gotten. In Jim Schwartz's attacking scheme, the Eagles line is so adept at causing four quarters worth of backfield disruption as to compel Philly to blitz with a fifth or sixth pass rusher fewer than any other team. Meaning Brady will face seven Eagles in pass coverage most of the time.
NFL's best run defence
Philly's even better at stopping the run. The Eagles led the NFL in surrendering just 79 yards a game. Atlanta and Minnesota had to run it well but neither could in playoff losses, amassing 70 and 86 yards, respectively. Chicago totalled six yards in Week 12. Not that New England's coaches care if they have to mostly pass. But if they can't provide some semblance of a run threat, Philly's pass rush becomes even more lethal.
Nick Foles
Expecting him to flop? Well, know that in three career playoff games with the Eagles (a late-game loss to New Orleans in 2013, and two wins in January) he has absolutely sparkled. Foles is the only player in NFL history to record a 100+ passer rating in his first three post-season games. If you saw the NFC title game, you know he's capable of performing at a high level in No. 4, another enormous-stakes game.
Receivers able to burn the Pats secondary
The Eagles signing free-agent wideout Alshon Jeffery proved one of the best acquisitions in the NFL last off-season, and not just because of his two dynamic TD catches in the NFC title game. Jeffery's presence has allowed Nelson Agholor to flourish now too, and speedster Torrey Smith stretches defences. The Pats' secondary is average at best between the 20s, and one of these receivers – plus tight end Zach Ertz – could have a big game.
So much more to prove
Sure, Belichick, Brady and all those uber-competitive Patriots want to win another Super Bowl. But their place in NFL history as one of the league's great dynasties is secure, even with a loss on Sunday. But the Philadelphia Eagles have never won a Super Bowl. Eagles coaches and players all week made it clear they have a burning desire to reward the championship-starved City of Brotherly Love with a Super Bowl title.
JoKryk@postmedia.com
@JohnKryk
Free Price Quote From a Local Dealer Free Price Quote From a View Special Offers
No Obligation, Fast & Simple Free New Car Quote Change Car Select Make Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Karma Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce smart Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select Model E-PACE F-PACE F-PACE Diesel F-Type S-Type X-Type XE XE Diesel XF XF Diesel XJ XJ-Series XJ12 XJ6 XJ8 XJR XJS XK XK-Series XK8 XKR GO 1. Vehicle Option Trim Exterior Color No Preference Black Blue Brown Gold Green Orange Red Silver White Yellow Interior Color No Preference Beige Black Blue Gray Green Other Red White Buying Time Frame Within 48 hours Within a week Within two weeks Within a month More than a month Payment Method Undecided Loan Lease Cash Trade In? Yes No 3. Dealer Selection Receive your free dealer pricing information by completing your contact information!
Jaguar's decision to add a crossover to its lineup may have been a little controversial, but it's hard to argue with the results. The F-Pace S looks fantastic, makes plenty of power, sounds wonderful, and handles more like a car than an SUV. But Jaguar also recently decided to bring the gorgeous XF Sportbrake S to the U.S., setting up an interesting comparison. If you're looking for a practical Jaguar, should you buy the station wagon or the crossover?
Acceleration
On paper, the Jaguar XF Sportbrake S and the F-Pace S should be pretty evenly matched. Both come with all-wheel drive and get Jaguar's supercharged 3.0-liter V-6 making 380 hp and 332 lb-ft of torque. But in testing, the XF Sportbrake hit 60 mph in 5.0 seconds, 0.4 second quicker than the F-Pace S. Through the quarter mile, it was the same story. The wagon did it in 13.6 seconds at 101.9 mph, 0.3 second and 2.2 mph quicker than the crossover. We blame the F-Pace's extra 145 pounds.
Handling
Typically, you'd expect the taller, heavier crossover to lose badly here. Our numbers suggest otherwise. On the skidpad, the XF averaged 0.85 g of lateral acceleration, while the F-Pace S averaged 0.86 g. In our figure-eight test, the F-Pace also won, finishing in 25.9 seconds at an average of 0.72 g. The XF, on the other hand, took 26.4 seconds at 0.69 g. Of course, numbers don't tell the whole story. On the road, the wagon feels flatter and faster through the corners. You just might need stickier tires to make those differences measurable.
Interior Space
Even though the F-Pace S looks a lot larger, it isn't necessarily more spacious in every dimension. Up front, it offers 43.0 inches of legroom, 37.8 inches of headroom, and 57.7 inches of shoulder room. Rear passengers get 37.2 inches of legroom, 37.5 inches of headroom, and 55.8 inches of shoulder room. The XF Sportbrake's front seats, on the other hand, offer 1.5 fewer inches of legroom, 1.2 inches more headroom, and 0.6 inch less shoulder room. In the second row, legroom is a draw, and you give up nearly an inch of shoulder room, but you get an extra 1.6 inches of headroom.
Cargo Volume
With the rear seats up, the F-Pace offers 33.5 cubic feet of storage space. Drop the rear seats, and that increases to 63.5 cubic feet. Interestingly, while the XF Sportbrake only has 22.2 cubic feet of storage with its seats up, with the seats down, cargo volume increases to an F-Pace-beating 66.9 cubic feet. But before you declare it a win for the station wagon, it's worth pointing out that the XF's cargo opening is shorter. So while two road bikes will (barely) fit in an F-Pace, that's not the case with the XF Sportbrake.
Fuel Economy
Since the F-Pace is larger and heavier, you wouldn't expect it to match the XF Sportbrake's fuel economy rating. On the highway, you'd be right. The EPA rates the XF at 25 mpg highway, 2 mpg better than the F-Pace S. Around town, however, Jaguar's crossover is pretty evenly matched with its station wagon, with both earning a rating of 18 mpg city. That means owners should expect to only see a significant fuel economy difference if they do a lot of highway driving.
Price
Unfortunately for XF Sportbrake owners, it will take more than a few long road trips to earn back the extra money they spent getting the wagon. That's because it starts at $71,445 including destination, approximately $10,000 more than the $60,770 it takes to buy a base F-Pace S. Sure, an entry-level XF sedan only costs a few thousand dollars more than a base F-Pace, but the extra engineering required to turn a sedan into a wagon adds cost.
Source: Jaguar
Google has rolled out its new app that makes subscribing and listening to podcasts a lot easier. The app is not a standalone one, but comes built into Google Search and even the Google Assistant app for Android users.
According to TNW, the service is all thanks to a podcast production company called Pacific Content that lets Google show podcast info and episode listings right within search results on Android smartphones. This is why, there's no need for an separate app.
All you need to do to find your podcast, is to open up Google Search or Google Assistant and then type in your the name of the podcast you are looking for.
Depending on what you type in, you will get a search result of the podcast with details about the show all laid out in neat cards. Below them you will also find recent episodes that you can start streaming instantly, by tapping on the play button.
Tap on 'More episodes' to check out all the podcasts by the channel. This is where you will also see a 'Subscribe' button. The same button can also be used to unsubscribe from the channel.
Up top on the same show page, you will also see podcast icon that takes you to a page with your subscriptions and even shows recommendations of top and trending podcasts that you can try out and subscribe to.
The same page also lets you add a podcast shortcut to your home screen.
As for the podcast player that is also built into Google Search, it comes with basic functionality and gives users the ability to download episodes for offline listening with the option to scrub through the podcast or even pause, forward and rewind.
While listening to podcasts Android seems to play it using the Google Search app, which is how the controls are also available in the notifications bar when the player in minimised just like you would see when you use your music player.
By Viciah Nason-Mec stringer
DEDZA-Malawi Electoral Commission (MEC) is dismayed with the change in issuing the voting IDs saying its causing low turnout in most centers in Dedza district.
It is understandably that people used the cards in the past for personal purposes not necessarily for voting.
Justice Jane Ansah, the Chairperson for the electoral body observed this when she visited some centers in Dedza on 2nd July where there is still low turnout of people in registration centers.
Dr. Ansah said people in the communities are not registering in large numbers because they expected to get another cards from MEC where this time around Mec is only providing voter certificates.
“This low turnout is beyond sensitization issue, because people the communities are aware of what is happening on the ground but due to their own reasons they are still opting not to register.
“We have found out that people are not coming in large numbers because this time around MEC is not providing cards,” said Justice Ansah.
She said the electoral body together with National Initiative for Civic Education conducted sensitization campaigns in the villages but because people prefer to turn out in the last days they still have hope that they will register in these remaining days.
“Despite this low turnout out, as MEC we have different projected figures in the centers, I will have the final say on the last day of exercise. In some centers it may appear as if there is low turnout yet the projected figure is small,” added Ansah.
Speaking at Mkomera center in Linthipe 1 where the number was a bit higher, Mec chairperson said this is because in this area people failed to register with NRB hence they are taking advantage this time to register with NRB for them to access the cards.
“However we cannot declare that people are not Willing to take part in the next year's tripartite elections, rather we will check the projected figures and thus when we will be able to tell weather people are willing or not,” she said.
As dedicated fans of Fixer Upper will tell you, Chip and Joanna Gaines didn't always agree on everything when it came to remodeling homes. And the same goes for their personal lives, too. The HGTV stars are expecting their fifth child, and apparently they are disagreeing about which direction to go when it comes to naming their baby, a boy. That's because Chip and Joanna talked baby names recently, and fans have some theories.
Chip and Joanna announced their baby news on Jan. 2 with an adorably hilarious double-bump photo, People reported. “Gaines party of 7.. (If you're still confused.. WE ARE PREGNANT) @joannagaines,” Chip wrote, alongside a snap of the couple standing belly-to-belly with Joanna rubbing Chip's "bump." News that the HGTV stars were adding to their family came just months after they announced Fixer Upper would be ending, Today reported. (Suddenly, it all made sense!)
The power couple revealed in March that they are expecting a little boy this time around, Country Living reported. Chip enlisted the help of his friend, 8-year-old Gage Spurlock — who has a genetic disorder called osteogenesis imperfecta — to make the sex reveal announcement. In a video clip posted on Twitter, Chip explains to Gage that he and his wife are expecting another baby, and that he needs a "D" name. It seems as if he put two and two together (since the Gaines' other sons' names begin with a "D"), realizing it must be another son.. "A boy?" Gage asks.
"A boy! Is that a secret?" Chip responds. "I don't know—that might not even be allowed on Twitter. You better keep that to yourself, dude!" He continued:
I need a D-name, and so far all I can come up with is Dragon, and [Joanna's] like, 'You are not calling that baby Dragon!'
Yeah, so I think it's safe to say that "Dragon" is definitely out of the running for baby number five. However, it's clear Chip is still pretty committed to finding another "D" name. While making an appearance on Tuesday's episode of The Today Show, Chip and Joanna offered some insight into their current naming debate, E! Online reported.
"I want a C name and he wants a D name," Joanna told Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin, Today reported. "I say he got the boy, so I get to pick the name," (I'd say that sounds fair enough, Joanna). For the record, Chip and Joanna already have two boys and two girls. Both boys' names already start with the letter "D" (Drake and Duke), while both girls' names start with the letter "E" (Ella Rose and Emmie Kay). "She wants to change the pace," Chip added:
We've got two boys and two girls, and of course, Jo and I. This is really upsetting the balance of power. The boys might be able to outvote from here 'till kingdom come.
TODAY on YouTube
Fans of Chip and Joanna certainly have some interesting suggestions for baby number five — and they haven't been shy about sharing them on Twitter. Shiplap and Chiplap are among my personal favs.
People recently offered up a Twitter poll with four "D" names to try to help the Gaineses out. Out of the four names provided — Dane, Donovan, Deacon, and Dragon — it was Deacon that won by a landslide with 47 percent of the vote.
As someone who has named three children so far, I can definitely relate to Chip and Joanna's struggle. (Although I'd imagine it has to be even tougher by the time you get to five kids!) All I know is the process is different for everyone. Some people, like the Gainses and my own parents, prefer to follow some sort of letter theme. Others opt for family names, names with special meanings, or just names they've always liked. Whether you've had the perfect name picked out since childhood, or you wait until meeting your little one face-to-face, the deed ends up getting done one way or another.
Not that I have any say or sway, but I agree that Deacon is a nice "D" name Dylan is a good one, too. And if Joanna is set on an "R" name, I've always been partial to Ryan. (Side note: How perfect would the name Magnolia be if they were having a baby girl?) Chip and Joanna still have a few more months to battle it out before their baby's due date, though. I guess we'll just have to wait and see who the "winner" is in July!
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
Norwegian Partners with Ferrari on the First Racetrack at Sea
Cruise News – Apr. 17, 2017
Norwegian Cruise Line has partnered with Scuderia Ferrari Watches as a part of the entertainment and activities aboard Norwegian Joy, the line's first purpose-built ship for the Chinese market.
The two-level Ferrari-branded competitive racetrack (the first at sea) will be on the top deck of the ship, where guests will take a thrilling ride in electric go-carts. Up to 10 drivers at a time will be able to race each other on the course and have photos taken at the finish line. Guests of The Haven and Concierge class will enjoy a number of complimentary rides as part of the amenities and benefits of their suites and staterooms.
Ferrari will bring the fun, competitive spirit of the brand to Norwegian Joy's guests, and Scuderia Ferrari Watches will be featured in a retail store adjacent to the racetrack. The Scuderia Ferrari racing team is the inspiration beyond Scuderia Ferrari timepieces, which evoke the sculpted forms and signature design details found on Scuderia Ferrari racing cars.
The 3,850-passenger Norwegian Joy will homeport in Shanghai and Tianjin following its grand inaugural port tour and official christening ceremony on June 27, which will be led by her Godfather, “King of Chinese Pop” Wang Leehom.
Actress Padmapriya Janakiraman, who plays a Bharatanatyam teacher in the Saif Ali Khan-starrer Chef, wore her favourite dance dress designed by her mother, in the film."It is my favourite dance dress. It is golden in colour, sourced and designed by my mother for one of my big dance performances on stage in the past. We have used it in a song called Darmiyaan and a scene for the movie," Padmapriya said in a statement.If she gave a personal touch to the film, Saif discovered his inner chef through it."Cooking has now become a part of who he is today. Saif discovered his inner chef through this film. I was quite content to see his transformation from someone who has never cooked to that of a professional chef," the film's director Raja Krishna Menon had said earlier.The Hindi remake of Hollywood film Chef released on Friday.
Two time champions Ghana got off to the perfect start as they edged out Colombia in the first match of the FIFA Under-17 World Cup, here on Friday. Hotshot striker Sadiq Ibrahim scored the lone goal for the African side as they came out on top in this gruelling clash.The first chance of the day went to Ghana and it was courtesy a goalkeeping error by Colombia shot stopper Kevin Mier. It was supposed to be an easy clearance for Mier in the fourth minute, but he hit the ball straight at Ghana forward Sadiq Ibrahim who went for a long ranger but the ball flew wide of the target.Colombia too got their first shot of the day just before the 10th minute of the first half as Robert Mejia hit the ball straight into the hands of the Ghana goalkeeper from out the edge of the box.In the 15th minute of the half, Ghana almost went ahead but the ball was expertly saved by the keeper. Ibrahim went for a cross but the ball was going inside the net and the Colombia keeper parried it somehow.In the 16th minute, Leandro Campaz was allowed to run inside and his shot missed the right hand corner by a whisker. A minute later, Campaz was again at the thick of things but this time he tried to go solo and his low shot was stopped by the Ghana keeper.The game was played at a frantic pace and in the 25th minute, Rashid Alhassan put in a delightful cross but Eric Ayiah, who was free at the far post, hit the ball over the net.Three minutes later, just when the 2-time champions thought they had the first goal of the day, Ibrahim's header was ruled out as off-side.Sadiq Ibrahim finally gave his side the lead in the 38th minute as he tapped home the ball following a great low cross by Ayiah.The second half was played exactly like the first half, with most of the ball staying in the middle of the park.In the 51st minute, Kudus Mohammed ran rings around the Colombia defence but just when he was about to reach the keeper, he over ran the ball.First half goal-scorer Ibrahim continued to create havoc on the right hand side of the field and this time, he square the ball for Idlis, who hit the ball over the target.There was a chance for Colombia to level things up but Caicedo's shot went harmlessly after the Ghana defenders had slept off and let him get inside the box.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Overstock.Com Inc:
* TZERO, OVERSTOCK.COM‘S BLOCKCHAIN SUBSIDIARY, PURCHASES 24% STAKE IN STOCKCROSS FINANCIAL
* OVERSTOCK.COM INC - IN CONNECTION WITH TRANSACTION, TZERO WILL RECEIVE APPROXIMATELY 1.2 MILLION SHARES OF SIEBERT
* OVERSTOCK.COM INC - ‍UNDER TERMS OF TRANSACTION, TZERO HAS ACQUIRED A 24 PERCENT INTEREST IN STOCKCROSS FOR $12 MILLION​
* OVERSTOCK.COM INC - IN A SEPARATE TRANSACTION, TZERO PURCHASED A 1 PERCENT OWNERSHIP INTEREST IN KENNEDY CABOT ACQUISITION, LLC
* OVERSTOCK.COM INC - TZERO WILL OWN BENEFICIALLY APPROXIMATELY AN ADDITIONAL 200,000 SHARES OF SIEBERT
* OVERSTOCK.COM INC - TZERO‘S BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF SIEBERT SHARES WILL TOTAL 5.3 PERCENT OF SIEBERT‘S OUTSTANDING SHARES Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LITTLE SILVER – Red Bank Regional High School has found a unique way to help students transition from 8th grade to high school – yoga.
During RBR's recent Summer Slam, a four-week program for incoming freshmen to prepare them for the high school experience, Rodney Salomon and Mychal Mills from Konscious Youth Development & Service (KYDS) taught students how to manage stress through yoga. KYDS is a nonprofit youth organization in Monmouth County that “prepares and creates future leaders through holistic interventions,” according to its website.
Salomon and Mills asked the students what is stressful about high school and received a variety of answers, from schoolwork to friendships to upperclassmen. They then shared coping skills like mindfulness and breathing, and conducted several exercises to bring the group of students closer together.
The students learned to physically lean on one another in pairs and as a group, standing in tree pose – a yoga position requiring balancing on one leg – and supporting one another in a contiguous circle.
The instructors also conducted an exercise called “real live social media.” Instead of “liking” something on a social media app, the students were asked to say something positive about another student or to give an in-person “like.” One by one they crossed the room to deliver a well-received compliment to a new friend.
“Doesn't it feel so much better to get likes in person?” asked Mills. “This is more personal and more vulnerable since you are putting yourself out there,” he said.
Salomon and Mills hoped their exercises planted a seed for the students to grow these practices in their daily life. They likened the skills taught to an anchor giving a sailboat stability in a storm.
“They know how they feel today,” said Salomon. “They know what their potential is and what is possible. There are so many things out there that can peer pressure them. We hope we showed them that they have the power inside to handle any pressure or obstacle that comes their way, that they have that anchor within them.”
Summer Slam is operated by the RBR SOURCE, whose mission is to remove all obstacles that impede a students' academic success.
The program includes instruction in English, math, history and science, with teachers also concentrating on social skills and team-building exercises.
Freshman Academy and SOURCE supervisor Suzanne Keller said, “The KYDS program was a perfect opportunity to introduce our students to these wonderful stress-reducing techniques and practices.”
More than 110 students from RBR's three sending school districts of Red Bank, Little Silver and Shrewsbury attended the program during the month of July.
This article was first published in the August 10-17, 2017 Back to School edition of The Two River Times newspaper.
Winery and iwi agree to buy land together for alternative Te Mata Peak track
SUPPLIED The walking/cycling track cut on the eastern flank of Te Mata Peak by Craggy Range Winery.
Craggy Range Winery and Ngāti Kahungunu Iwi are going to buy 28hectares of land on the eastern face of Te Mata Peak, close the existing controversial track, and build a new one.
The controversial track which was built late last year sparked an outcry by the iwi and others, prompting the winery to later say it would remove the track.
But this month the winery said it was unable to remove the track and its favoured option was to have it remain.
STUFF Ngāti Kahungunu chairman Ngahiwi Tomoana sent a letter to Craggy Range Winery asking for the iwi's title on the winery opening's commemorative plaque to be "melted or removed" over the issues. But now he and the winery have made peace.
That prompted Ngāti Kahungunu chairman Ngahiwi Tomoana to send an open letter to winery director Mary-Jeanne Hutchinson alleging iwi had been subjected to racist attacks and treated like "dumb savages".
READ MORE:
SUPPLIED Waimarama kaumātua Robert MacDonald at a protest outside Craggy Range Winery on May 19.
* Te Mata peak track supporters claim weekend walk is not a counter-protest
* Peak land 'protections were ignored'
* Council undertakes cultural assessment of site
* Iwi chairman asks winery to remove title from plaque
* Iwi in disbelief over options for track
Animosity between the parties now appears to have been completely resolved as Tomoana and Hutchinson, along with winery CEO Mike Wilding, sat down together on Thursday morning and signed the agreement that was supported by a number of families who own land on the eastern face of the peak.
A joint statement said the parcel of land they would buy "makes up a significant portion of the total eastern face of Te Mata Peak".
ANDRE CHUMKO/STUFF Gates and signs warning people the track is closed have been ignored by members of the public.
The land would be open to all and would be held "in trust for the benefit of the ngā uri o (descendants) Ngāti Kahungunu teh Hawke's Bay community"
It said the current track would be closed. There was no mention of whether or how it would be restored.
An "alternative and superior track" would be built, but the statement did not say where this would be.
It did say it would be "a spectacular track and will attract many visitors both domestic and international to this area".
And the statement said "despite the press there had been very good dialogue and willingness between senior Ngāti Kahungunu and Mana Whenua leaders and Craggy Range to reach a positive outcome for everyone".
The purchase would also allow the parties to construct a safe carpark at the beginning of the track.
- Stuff
Melania, or more specifically Melania's hat, what were you saying?
The media and the Twitterverse had a big time Tuesday with the first lady's I-spy chapeau, a wide-brim number designed by Herve Pierre that would have been perfect had the sun been out in Washington.
Melania with the Young Pope hat pic.twitter.com/PqwI4bqO9A — Josh Billinson (@jbillinson) April 24, 2018
Melania and I look forward to escaping on @RoyMooresHorse — Melania's Hat (@MelaniasHat) April 24, 2018
It was a grand topper for Mrs. Trump's bright white Michael Kors suit and some said it stole the show during the South Lawn military pageantry welcoming French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife, Brigitte, during their first official state visit.
Others on the social media sidelines were merely perplexed.
Was the hat more Joan Collins' Alexis Carrington Colby on "Dynasty" or Kerry Washington's Olivia Pope on "Scandal?" Was the grim-faced first lady in theoretical need of help as some asked on Inauguration Day?
Mrs. Trump kept her hat in place as the group moved indoors and also at the National Gallery of Art for a Cezanne break with Mrs. Macron, who wore a creamier shade of white, but no hat.
"Melania's hat for president," one tweeter declared. Others shared the sentiment.
Another chimed in: "Getting some serious Beyonce Formation vibes from Melania's hat this morning." Bey wore a version in black in the video for that hit.
Others on social media stuck to matters of etiquette, like the Twitter account of I'm Every Woman: "Melania's hat might be OK for the races, a runway or even Church, not to wear when greeting visitors when you want to express a warm welcome. You want people to see your eyes and face and not impose an obstacle to the two cheek kiss, a French greeting."
One thing was certain. Mrs. Trump was seriously committed to her hat.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) — Buffalo police have made an arrest following a stabbing that occurred Sunday night.
The “domestic related” incident happened on the 200 block of Laurel St., police say.
Police have not released the name of the person who was arrested.
PIQUA — In the middle of National Catholic Schools Week, Piqua Catholic School opened their doors to students, families, and the community for an open house and an art show.
The open house gave students and their families a chance to meet with faculty and staff, including teachers new students might have in the future.
“We just open our doors to incoming kindergartners,” Principal Brad Zimmerman said.
Each grade at the school also finished an art piece for the event, all of which were on display outside of their classrooms. The theme was crosses, and they re-purposed items to create for each piece.
“They made some pretty cool stuff,” Zimmerman said.
Kindergarten aide Christy Hayes described how art teacher Deb Zimmerman worked with her class on the art projects, giving each class and each student their own part and something different on which to work.
“They all sat down and diligently worked on their piece,” Hayes said.
The school plans to display the artwork during Mass and auctioning off each art piece during a silent auction on their Monte Carlo night on April 14.
The open house took place during National Catholic Schools Week, recognizing Catholic schools as an alternative schooling choice for kids.
“It's a week dedicated to the Catholic schools,” Zimmerman said. “It's just a week to recognize that Catholic schools are an option for families.”
The staff also celebrated Piqua Catholic School that evening.
When asked about what he is favorite part of the school was, Hayes said it was the family atmosphere and how everybody cared about each other at the school. “There's so much care and concern across the board,” she said.
Hayes also recognized that inclusion of their religious values in the school setting also them the opportunity to use their Catholic faith as another way to promote social skills, teaching the students that “everybody is a child of God.”
“Everybody is accepted and welcome,” Hayes said.
Nurse Therese Rousch, who is going on her 10th year with the school, also said she liked how the school is able to teach the children how to be Christian and that they can instill that value in them.
“I like that … Catholicism plays a big role in it,” Hayes said.
Sister Mary Alice of the Piqua Catholic School and its partner parishes, St. Mary's and St. Boniface's, felt positively about Catholic Schools Week and their school's ability to provide a faith-based learning environment for students.
“Having Catholic Schools Weeks makes it known to the community that we're here,” Sister Mary Alice said. “We really try to stress the importance of prayer.” She added that it was important for them to be able to pray in the classroom.
She also touched on the family atmosphere at the school.
“I think a spirit like that make us a family,” Sister Mary Alice said.
Sam Wildow | Daily Call This art piece was created by the kindergarten class at Piqua Catholic's open house and art show held Wednesday evening. http://www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2018/02/web1_Art-show-2-.jpg Sam Wildow | Daily Call This art piece was created by the kindergarten class at Piqua Catholic's open house and art show held Wednesday evening. Sam Wildow | Daily Call Shown above is the art piece that the eighth grade class at Piqua Catholic created for the open house and art show held Wednesday evening. http://www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2018/02/web1_Art-show-3.jpg Sam Wildow | Daily Call Shown above is the art piece that the eighth grade class at Piqua Catholic created for the open house and art show held Wednesday evening. Sam Wildow | Daily Call Pictured are the art pieces that the fifth and seventh grade classes at Piqua Catholic created for the open house and art show held Wednesday evening. http://www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2018/02/web1_Art-show-1.jpg Sam Wildow | Daily Call Pictured are the art pieces that the fifth and seventh grade classes at Piqua Catholic created for the open house and art show held Wednesday evening.
Open house, art show held this week
By Sam Wildow swildow@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Sam Wildow at swildow@aimmediamidwest.com or (937) 451-3336
Reach Sam Wildow at swildow@aimmediamidwest.com or (937) 451-3336
The night is always the darkest just before the dawn, or so they say. Zack Snyder recently had to step down from directing Justice League to tend to a personal tragedy, leaving the reshoots and editing to be completed by Joss Whedon. Warner Bros. is rallying in a big way to make this movie everything Snyder wanted it to be and some interesting new developments are proving that the dawn and some serious brightness is coming to the DCEU. First and most importantly, Danny Elfman is doing the score for Justice League. This is not a drill.
According to The Hollywood Reporter, Danny Elfman has officially signed on to compose the score for Justice League, stepping in for Antonius Tom Holkenborg, aka Junkie XL, who did the score for Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice and Mad Max: Fury Road. Apparently, Holkenborg is doing the new Tomb Raider reboot instead. No disrespect to Junkie XL, but there is something very special about Danny Elfman stepping in for this movie and could be one of the key ingredients that helps make this movie not feel like Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice 2.0.
Danny Elfman is about as accomplished as they come in the world of composing, with more than 100 credits and a whole lot of awards, to his name. As fans of DC will probably be quick to point out, he is a big part of Batman on the big screen as well. He did the scores for Tim Burton's movies, Batman and Batman Returns, which was a major trademark of those particular movies. He also scored Sam Raimi's Spider-Man trilogy, as well as Hellboy II: The Golden Army and Avengers: Age of Ultron for Joss Whedon. So he is absolutely no stranger to the world of comic book movies. But him returning to the world of DC for Justice League is a big deal.
Now, as for the other bit of Justice League news that also happens to pertain to Batman. As mentioned, Joss Whedon is currently overseeing reshoots on the movie and, thanks to some new set photos, it looks like some Gotham City flavor is going to be added in. The Tumblr blog Batman Notes got ahold of some set photos, showcasing the gargoyle Batman was standing on in the Justice League trailer, as well as a Gotham City taxi. It hasn't yet been revealed just how much Gotham will feature in the movie, but based on these photos, it looks like at least a little more is going to be peppered in.
More Gotham City? Danny Elfman back doing the score to a DC movie? The verdict is still out on Justice League, but this should have fans feeling pretty good. Now, since Junkie XL had been working on the score already, elements of that may be used and blended with what Elfman comes up with, but we can't say for sure at this point. Whilst waiting to hear Danny Elfman's surely rad Justice League theme, you can check out the new set photos for yourself below.
WASHINGTON -- President Trump signs S. 204, the “Right to Try Act” Wednesday afternoon.
In March, the House passed legislation aimed at giving seriously ill patients increased access to investigational drugs, a bill championed by Vice President Mike Pence.
"Right to Try" is named for Jordan McLinn, a second grader from Indianapolis who advocated in Washington for the bill alongside Pence.
The bill will let patients who are near death, or who have a disease that is likely to lead to severely premature death, potentially access drugs that have gone through only preliminary testing on humans. They would have to be ineligible for a clinical trial and have already tried other available treatments.
USA TODAY is providing live coverage of the bill signing in the player above starting at 12:15 pm ET.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
The title is well-worn, as is pretty much everything else — save for the fresh face of young, compelling lead Yiğit Ege Yazar — in “Brothers,” Turkish writer-director Ömür Atay's cautious but finely buffed debut feature. Following a reticent teenager as he's released from juvenile detention into a fraught, not fully welcoming family environment, Atay's film combines familiar beats from sundry coming-of-age and life-on-the-outside dramas, though it does so with sensitivity and crisp sensory detail. Where it stumbles is in fashioning itself as a mystery of sorts, withholding the story behind the protagonist's incarceration well past the point where it will have become obvious to most culturally attuned viewers.
Nevertheless, the topicality of that reveal — flipping the perspective of such works as Daniel Wolfe's “Catch Me Daddy” — combined with the confident formal polish of Atay's filmmaking should secure “Brothers” a long run of festival berths following its premiere in the Karlovy Vary competition. It promises more ambitious work to come from the helmer, who may be new to feature-length storytelling but is far from a greenhorn, after 20 years working in short film (including a segment in the festival-traveled 2005 portmanteau “Istanbul Tales”) and television. That experience is evident in the unflashy assurance of his compositions and his firm hand with young actors; as a novice screenwriter, however, he's on slightly shakier ground.
Where the script falters, at least, Yazar's quiet, potently expressive screen presence fills in some of the blanks. From the moment we lay eyes on his character Yusuf, stoically serving out the final days of a four-year sentence in juvie, he's a human crockpot of compressed feeling; his deliberate movements and surly, sad-eyed demeanor bespeak a stunted adolescence vaulted straight into wounded adulthood. For reasons that gradually become clear if not forgivable, his family has barely visited or contacted him in this time. When his older brother Ramazan (Caner Şahin), himself recently discharged from the military, picks Yusuf up upon his release, their reunion is a strained, tentative one, marred not just by the distance of time but shared guilt over the crime that landed the boy — not quite justly, as it turns out — behind bars.
Rather than return to the family home, where his reclusive mother treats him with a ghostly, gaze-avoiding chill, Yusuf camps out at the family business, a gas station and adjacent motel on a barren stretch of highway near the Iranian border — a location evocatively shot by cinematographer A. Emre Tanyildiz as simply another, more spacious prison, with scarlet neon signage and truck-rustled dust clouds fading out into nowhere. It looks like no place for a new start: Indeed, when he narrowly escapes arrest after Ramazan thoughtlessly hires the underage kid a prostitute, it's a sign that his life is likelier to move backwards than forward from this familial purgatory.
Limbo is a difficult state to dramatize, however, and “Brothers” palls a little as Yusuf moodily fights his surroundings, reaching occasional crescendos of melodrama as the brothers have it out over their ugly past. Too much of Atay's screenplay is built around slowly unfurling dark information that isn't a secret to any of the characters, and that viewers should swiftly guess from the first scattered hints. Getting the truth out in the open earlier on, and watching the family more candidly wrestle with its consequences, might have made for a fuller, richer tragedy, though “Brothers” remains touching in its study of fraternal betrayal and troubled reconciliation. Yazar and Şahin share a natural physical rapport that makes the thin air of passive aggression between them all the more credible.
Working in a sprawling widescreen format, Atay and Tanyildiz tighten and suffocate the dramatic space where necessary with judicious use of shallow focus, and pick out their visual symbols with blunt but effective clarity. The hellish red glow of the gas station is a constant echo of the flashing emergency lights that open the film; the crisis that haunts the brothers is never quite escapable. “I sometimes think of leaving it all behind,” Ramazan confesses to a sympathetic female acquaintance. “If you talk like that, you can never go anywhere,” she replies. “Brothers,” as it moves in sorrowful circles of its own, feels that rub.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
WILKES-BARRE -- The City of Wilkes-Barre has received two development proposals for the former Hotel Sterling property at West Market and River streets.
One of the proposals comes from Gateway Center Associates, located at 24 W. Market St. according to city Administrator Ted Wampole.
The West Market Street building is owned by Sam Syla, who recently opened the new Vault restaurant there.
The other proposal comes from a Florida company, McClure Associates, Wampole said.
The city is inviting some downtown business representatives to sit on a committee to review the proposals, which are not being made public.
The Hotel Sterling, built in 1898, was long a downtown fixture. It was demolished in 2013 after unsuccessful efforts to remodel and repurpose it.
The city took over ownership of the site in June 2015. It is being used for parking.
Jump to a Region
© 2018 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Doha: The search for a diplomatic solution to the Gulf crisis has intensified as Turkey's foreign minister landed in Qatar while the UN voiced fears over growing humanitarian concerns in the region.
The arrival of Mevlut Cavusoglu was confirmed by Qatari state media, which said Turkey's top diplomat had praised the "wise and calm manner" with which Doha had approached the current crisis.
He travelled with Turkey's economy minister Nihat Zeybekci and the pair met their counterparts Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman Al-Thani, and Sheikh Ahmed bin Jassim Al-Thani on arrival in Doha.
Cavusoglu is expected to hold talks with Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al-Thani while in Doha before potentially travelling to regional power-broker Saudi Arabia.
"Saudi Arabia has the potential and capability to solve this crisis as a wise state and big brother of the region and also as a major actor," Turkey's presidential spokesman Ibrahim Kalin said on Wednesday.
"We aim to involve all actors in this process."
Riyadh is one of several countries which has imposed a political and economic "blockade" on Qatar, in protest at Doha's support for Islamist extremist groups as well as over its ties to Shiite Iran.
The move has been backed by nations including Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt and others.
Qatar strongly denies the charges and claims neighbouring countries are trying to interfere with its foreign policy.
Before heading to Doha, Cavusoglu said that "if the programme allows I will also visit Saudi Arabia", in quotes reported by the Anadolu news agency.
"It is very useful to take into account the opinions and suggestions of Saudi Arabia."
He added that the situation "was causing great discomfort for everybody" especially during the holy Muslim fasting month of Ramadan.
Turkey is one of Qatar's strongest allies and earlier this week committed to deploying troops at its in the emirate.
The diplomatic push continued elsewhere.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan - who has described the decision by Gulf states to cut political and economic ties with Qatar as "inhumane" - is expected to hold phone talks with US President Donald Trump in the coming days.
In addition, the Turkish president's spokesman said a trilateral meeting between Ankara, Paris and Doha was planned.
This is in addition to mediation efforts already launched by Kuwait's Sheikh Sabah al-Khaled al-Sabah.
The United Nations' secretary general called for the Gulf countries to find a peaceful solution to the row.
A spokesman for Antonio Guterres said he expressed his "full support for Kuwait's efforts to de-escalate tensions and promote an effective dialogue".
The planned talks follow discussions on Tuesday between Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir and US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
In Geneva, concern surrounding the humanitarian situation grew Wednesday, with the intervention of the UN human rights chief.
"I am alarmed about the possible impact on many people's human rights in the wake of the decision by Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Bahrain to cut diplomatic and economic ties with Qatar," said Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein, in his first comments on the crisis.
"It is becoming clear that the measures being adopted are overly broad in scope and implementation," he added.
The decision to isolate Qatar had led to fears that thousands of families in the Gulf would be split apart.
As well as economic and political ties, the Gulf states also ordered Qataris out within 14 days as well as calling home their own citizens.
Amnesty International has warned of "heartbreak and fear" being suffered by ordinary people in the region.
It also accused Saudi Arabia and its allies of "toying with the lives of thousands of Gulf residents".
Bahrain and the UAE have also banned expressions of sympathy for Qatar.
Manama announced on Wednesday that it had detained a citizen for sympathising with Qatar on social media.
There have also been fears of food shortages in Qatar - so far not realised -- and a disruption of imports needed for a number of capital projects in the gas-rich emirate.
Qatar is receiving food deliveries from Turkey, Iran and Morocco among others.
The 2022 World Cup host is also in the middle of building huge capital projects worth an estimated $200 billion-plus, many of which rely on suppliers in the region.
Doha-based airline Qatar Airways has been banned from using the airspace of neighbouring countries since measures were announced on 5 June.
However, the carrier said services were largely unaffected by the decision.
"Qatar Airways' global operations continue to run smoothly, with the vast majority of our network unaffected by the current circumstances," said chief executive Akbar Al- Baker.
Although the crisis remains a diplomatic one, some have voiced fears it could lead to an armed conflict.
On Wednesday, Qatar announced it was withdrawing its troops from the Djibouti-Eritrea border
The Supreme Court on Wednesday clarified that Puducherry cannot be compared with the case of Delhi as it is governed by a provision which is different from that concerning the national capital.The top court said that the case of Puducherry even stood on a different footing from the Union Territories of Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Daman and Diu, Dadra and Nagar Haveli, Lakshadweep and Chandigarh.It said that Puducherry was covered under Article 239A whereas NCT of Delhi is covered under Article 239AA.Interestingly, Puducherry chief minister V Narayanasamy, who is enaged in a running feud with LG Kiran Bedi, had hailed the apex court verdict saying it was "totally applicable" to the southern Union Territory too.The veteran Congress leader has also warned that he would file a contempt petition if the Lt Governor failed to act in accordance with the apex court verdict.A five-judge constitution bench headed by Chief Justice Dipak Misra analysed the provisions of Article 239A which governs Puducherry.Highlighting the difference between Delhi and Puducherry, the bench held "At the outset, we must declare that the insertion of Articles 239AA and 239AB which specifically pertain to NCT of Delhi is reflective of the intention of the Parliament to accord Delhi a sui generis status from the other Union Territories as well as from the Union Territory of Puducherry to which Article 239A is singularly applicable as on date".With regard to Puducherry, the bench said that Article 239A gives the discretion to Parliament to create a Council of Ministers and/or a body which may either be wholly elected or partly elected and partly nominated to perform the functions of a legislature.It said that the Article was brought into force by the Constitution (14th Amendment) Act, 1962. Prior to 1971, under Article 239A, Parliament had the power to create legislatures or Council of Ministers for the then Union territories of Himachal Pradesh, Tripura, Manipur, Goa and Daman and Diu."On January 25, 1971, Himachal Pradesh acquired statehood and consequently, was omitted from Article 239A. Subsequently, on January 21, 1972, Tripura and Manipur were granted statehood as a consequence of which both Manipur and Tripura were omitted from Article 239A", the bench, also comprising Justices A K Sikri, A M Khanwilkar, D Y Chandrachud and Ashok Bhushan, said.Similarly with the enactment for Goa, Daman and Diu Reorganisation Act on May 30, 1987, both Goa and Daman and Diu were also omitted from scheme of Article 239A."Parliament, under the Government of Union Territories Act, 1963, created legislatures for the then Union Territories and accordingly, even after May 30, 1987, the applicability of Article 239A stands limited to UT of Puducherry," it said.The bench said as a natural corollary, the Union Territory of Puducherry stands on a different footing from other UTs.
Several gatherings took place in Connecticut with organizers calling for emergency action in response to the violence in Virginia.
People across the country gathered at rallies and vigils Sunday in response to the violence that broke out between white nationalists and counter-protesters at a rally in Charlottesville, Va. on Saturday.
Organizers, including those in Connecticut, are calling for emergency action in response to that violence.
More than 100 people showed solidarity with Charlottesville at one of those vigils Sunday in West Hartford.
"You're motivated to stand up to anti-Semitism, to racism, to terrorism of all kinds," one attendee said.
"I came out today because it's the right thing to do," Nicole Fromson of West Hartford said.
People wore signs with anti-hate messages, including one that read “STAND AGAINST RACISM.”
Many were outraged having watched the deadly violence between white nationalists and counter-protesters. A 32-year-old woman was killed when a man drove a car into a crowd, and dozens of others were injured in that incident and other skirmishes throughout the day.
"I'm doing my part, doing my part to stand up against hate," said Rebecca Mallett of Uncasville.
State leaders expressed disappointment with President Trump's initial response.
"It's abhorrent. It's a tragedy. And it's an embarrassment. The embarrassment mostly comes from the president of the United States who equivocates on this kind of violence on an on-going basis," Gov. Dannel Malloy (D) said.
Vigils also took place in Danbury, Willimantic, Bridgeport, and on the New Haven Green.
Many are concerned by what seems like rising levels of hate.
"I think America's a lot better than all of this. It breaks my heart to see people still feeling this way even after we've struggled against these fascists' thoughts for almost a century," said Abbie Saccary of New Haven.
Authorities in Virginia have arrested the man accused of intentionally driving his car into the crowd.
To get your complimentary pass to the screening of “TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT” go to one of the links below and print an advance screening pass for you and a guest.
Please note: You must register for www.gofobo.com first. Make sure to print out your passes and present them at the screening. Duplicate copies of passes will not be accepted.
Screening Info:
Monday, June 19th, 2017 @ 7:00PM
Seattle, WA
Link to Passes: http://www.gofobo.com/KNIGHTCW11SEA
Code for Passes: KNIGHTCW11SEA
TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT
The Last Knight shatters the core myths of the Transformers franchise, and redefines what it means to be a hero. Humans and Transformers are at war, Optimus Prime is gone. The key to saving our future lies buried in the secrets of the past, in the hidden history of Transformers on Earth. Saving our world falls upon the shoulders of an unlikely alliance: Cade Yeager (Mark Wahlberg); Bumblebee; an English Lord (Anthony Hopkins); and an Oxford Professor (Laura Haddock).There comes a moment in everyone's life when we are called upon to make a difference. In Transformers: The Last Knight, the hunted will become heroes. Heroes will become villains. Only one world will survive: theirs, or ours.
Movie Release Date: June 21st, 2017
Movie Trailer: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3371366/
A new study from Cass Business School examines the failures of Western Internet Firms (WIFs) in China and why this phenomenon is singularly prevalent in this region.
“Government censorship and control, plus cultural differences between China and the West are often cited as the main reasons for such failures,” said Professor Feng Li, the study's author. “But similar conditions existed in other countries such as Indonesia, Thailand and Saudi Arabia, that did not prevent western internet firms such as Google from dominating 90 per cent of the search market in these regions.”
What is a Western Internet Firm?
By definition Western Internet Firms (WIFs), also known as digital firms, are organisations that from inception focus on digital services enabled by the Internet and related technologies including mobile.
These firms were born digital, particularly the so-called dot.com and e-Commerce firms, such as search engines, online content providers and retail platforms. Typical examples include Google, eBay and Amazon. It does not include traditional IT firms, such as Microsoft, Intel or IBM, which rely on sales of hardware and software as their main sources of revenue.
Why digital firms fail in China
The reasons for these systematic failures are complex, and existing international business theory could not fully explain why the perceived competitive advantages for western multinational firms failed to translate into sustainable operational success for WIFs in China.
In answer to this, Professor Li took a different approach by using phenomenon-based research looking at a broad spectrum of participants such as senior executives from WIFs and their Chinese competitors, and a large number of business, political, and professional groups with a deep knowledge of China.
1. Perceptions of aggressive competition
Most WIFs entered China to dominate the Chinese market. However, competition is relative. What is considered aggressive by western standards is often seen as mild in China. Due to the sheer number of internet firms and the huge size of the Chinese market, competition is often extremely fierce, and to survive, all Chinese Internet Firms (CIFs) have to compete with a far greater pool of local competitors than any WIFs have ever encountered.
Professor Li said, “This is known as the ‘huge crowd strategy' (???? – Ren hai zhan shu), which gives CIFs an implicit advantage. If western internet behemoths such as Amazon and Google succeeded in the US by beating hundreds of competitors, then Alibaba and Baidu would have to beat tens of thousands of competitors in China to get where they are.”
2. Failure to follow cultural strategies
CIFs have, explicitly and implicitly, drawn inspirations from ancient Chinese military strategies and tactics to change the nature of competition. Such strategies, taken from texts like the ‘The Art of War' to ‘The Thirty Six Stratagems', are deeply ingrained in Chinese history and culture and widely used in everyday language, which enables more effective strategy making and communication by CIFs.
3. Beaten by more determined competitors
All WIFs acquired, or made attempts to acquire the market leaders in China. However, in subsequent competitions, CIFs simply showed stronger determination to survive at any costs.
“In the case of Uber, it was not simply a matter of what Uber did wrong, but what Didi Chuxing did better,” said Professor Li.
When Uber entered China, Didi already had a head start. Despite the perceived competitive advantages for Uber, Didi was simply more determined, with more cash reserves than Uber for a prolonged price war. In many ways, the competition between them was reminiscent of the reckless land grabbing during the early dot.com era, but the difference is that both firms have the resources and long term visions to capture market shares first before making profits. In the end, Uber blinked first and lost.
4. New digital rules: differences between internet and traditional businesses
Some fundamental differences between internet and traditional businesses contributed to the failure of WIFs in China, and this factor was only identified by the outside view. Internet services usually have a much shorter lifecycle compared with traditional industries; and WIFs only have 2-3 years rather than decades to fine-tune their business models and educate customers. This limited the build-up of any sustainable advantages by WIFs and gives Chinese internet firms a much better chance to compete with them than in traditional industries.
“Car engines are far more difficult to imitate than search engines,” commented Professor Li.
Unlike aerospace or pharmaceuticals, most internet firms do not rely on cutting edge technologies so the entry barriers are relatively low. Ancillary assets and tacit knowledge embedded in production processes and supply chains in traditional industries also serve as major entry barriers. As a result, WIFs have fewer competitive advantages and face far more competitors than western firms from other sectors.
5. Failing to be embedded in China
All the WIFs studied showed a lack of deep understanding of the Chinese market. They found it difficult to compete with Chinese entrepreneurs in serving the local market. This is not only reflected in understanding users and customers, but also internally within the firms. Senior expatriates sent from the western head office often lacked cultural sensitivity, thus damaging relations without realising it.
6. Innovating by experimenting
Unlike WIFs which have established procedures for developing and implementing innovations, Chinese Internet Firms (CIFs) are often more result-oriented and more prepared to innovate by experimenting. Li added, “If a new idea works, then scale it up rapidly; if not, move onto other ideas”.
Chinese consumers are generally more tolerant of such product development processes than in the West, which enable CIFs to test and refine many new ideas very quickly at low cost, with significant cumulative effects.
Success in the future?
WIFs have underperformed compared to their Chinese competitors in nearly every aspect in China, but their disadvantages are not insurmountable. To succeed in China, WIFs need to bring genuine technological and other advantages in order to overcome, or compensate for, their disadvantages.
Professor Li concluded, “As CIFs grow bigger and more confident, they are actively pursuing new opportunities in other markets – from India, South East Asia, Africa to the USA and Europe – so the clashes between digital firms in each market are likely to escalate both in China and internationally.”
‘Why have all western internet firms (WIFS) failed in china? A phenomenon-based research' and has been published in the Academy of Management Discoveries.
PANAJI, India (Reuters) - India's gold imports are likely to jump by a third in 2017 to 750 tonnes on restocking by jewellers and as good monsoon rainfall is expected to boost demand in rural areas during the upcoming festive season, a leading refiner told Reuters.
Higher imports by the world's second biggest consumer will support global prices, which are trading near their highest level in two months, but could widen the country's trade deficit.
"Demand and imports are normalising after taking a hit last year. Jewellers are restocking after destocking last year," said Rajesh Khosla, managing director of MMTC-PAMP India, the country's biggest refinery.
India, whose gold consumption is rivalled only by China's, imported 557.7 tonnes of gold in 2016, the lowest in 13 years, according to the World Gold Council.
In the first seven months of the 2017, imports more than doubled to 550 tonnes from the same period a year earlier, according to provisional data from consultancy GFMS.
But import growth would taper off in coming months as jewellers had restocked earlier than usual this year, fearing higher taxes, Khosla said on the sidelines of the International Gold Convention in Panaji, capital of India's western resort state of Goa.
As part of a new nationwide sales tax regime that kicked in on July 1, the goods and services tax on gold jumped to 3 percent from 1.2 percent previously.
"Jewellery demand has improved this year but investment demand is still weak due to a rally in the stock market and the appreciating rupee," said Prithviraj Kothari, managing director of RiddiSiddhi Bullions.
The rupee has risen nearly 6 percent so far in 2017 and is trading near its highest level in more than two years.
"Monsoon rainfall is normal this year. This will boost rural demand during the festivals," said a Singapore-based official with a leading gold supplying bank to India.
Two-thirds of India's gold demand comes from rural areas, where jewellery is a traditional store of wealth.
The quarter ending in December typically accounts for about a third of India's gold sales since it includes the start of the wedding season and festivals such as Dhanteras and Diwali, when buying gold is considered auspicious.
3:16 Anti-mining group claims FDEP didn't investigate suspicious water levels before sinkhole Pause
2:03 Commission holds a brain-storming session to discuss heroin epidemic
1:37 Oscar-winning actress Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
0:35 Couples say 'I do' on Valentine's Day
3:03 The importance of river restoration in the Everglades
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
0:46 Publix 'shopper' steals lots of Red Bull
1:08 Council's, historic burger joint in downtown Bradenton, reopens for business
1:32 The truth about prescription opioids and addiction
Cardi B recently came to a shocking revelation, Donald Glover and Childish Gambino are the same person.
While Cardi wouldn't be the first person to be confused, we can't help but think about all of the other celebrities who have adopted alter egos over the years. Hit the flip to recall a few.
Donald Glover, Childish Gambino And Other Celeb Alter Egos was originally published on globalgrind.com
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8Next page »
Also On Magic 95.9:
VEROSE Solima, the wife of slain lawyer Salvador Solima, is no longer in critical condition, as she was wheeled out of the intensive care unit nearly two days after she was shot along with her husband inside their home on Monday afternoon.
Supt. Ryan Devaras, Cebu City Police Office (CCPO)-Investigation, Detection and Management Branch (IDMB) chief, said that the wife was already out of danger and has been placed in a recovery room since late Tuesday.
On Monday, July 2, two persons pretending to seek legal representation went to the house of Solima in Singson Village, Barangay Guadalupe, Cebu, and shot the couple.
Verose sustained a gunshot wound on her head and had to undergo an operation in a hospital in Cebu City. Lawyer Solima, who was rushed to the same hospital, however failed to make it and died at past 6 p.m., barely an hour after he was shot in the head and chest.
Devaras said they were happy that Verose survived the attack as she could be a vital witness to identifying her and her husband's attacker and in determining the motive for the shooting.
He said they were now preparing to get the statement of Solima's widow and would do so once she would be ready to talk to the police.
The police have arrested one of the alleged assailants, Ricarte del Corro, but they have yet to determine the motive for the attack, said Devaras.
Del Corro was nabbed by the Punta Princesa Police Station in a drug bust on Tuesday and it was after his arrest that witnesses to the Solima couple's attack identified him as one of the alleged gunmen.
Police also called for questioning two other suspects, brothers Alberto and Alvin Baluyos, who were suspected to be involved in the killing, as Alberto had a disagreement with the lawyer over alleged non-payment of a property that the Baluyos family had sold through the lawyer.
But Devaras said they were also looking into other angles in the lawyer's murder, including its relation to the drug cases handled by Solima.
The police have yet to file the murder and frustrated murder cases against Del Corro, but they have filed the drug case against him at the Cebu City Prosecutor's Office yesterday.
Devaras said that aside from Del Corro, the Baluyos brothers, who allegedly served as lookouts during the incident, would be also included in the murder complaint.
“They are now considered as suspects. They were in the place hours before the incident. And we have witnesses saying that they brought Del Corro to the house of the lawyer a week before the shooting happened,” said Devaras.
Senior Supt. Royina Garma, CCPO director, meanwhile said that despite the arrest of Del Corro, they could not close the investigation as they were still looking into the person or persons who masterminded the killing.
“May mastermind or something, so we have to investigate further,” said Garma.
The police were also still trying to identify who was the other person who was involved in the attack against the Solima couple.
CLOSE CAL's Milton Wright on confidence-building win Steve Bittenbender/Special to the CJ
Buy Photo Christian Academy of Louisville's quarterback Milton Wright drop back to pass during the game against DeSales High School in Louisville, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo: Bryan Woolston/Special to the Courier-Journal)Buy Photo
After Christian Academy of Louisville's final practice of the spring session last month, star athlete Milton Wright sat on the sideline of the football field and talked a lot about pride.
“I really pride myself on team and leadership,” he said. He and his family “pride ourselves on being humble and staying really close-knit all the time,” he said as he stepped inside to avoid the rain.
After that practice, CAL began a two-week dead period before the start of training camp. Wright was due to spend it in the Bahamas with 14 family members: his immediate family (parents, 20-year-old sister Maya and 8-month-old brother Tyson), his grandparents, his cousins, their parents and their grandparents.
More: How Louisville football can (and can't) beat Alabama
An ascendant high school football prospect, Wright dabbled in the spring recruiting camp scene and earned an invitation to the prestigious Rivals Five-Star Challenge in Atlanta, featuring dozens of top players.
Wright turned it down. He went to the Bahamas. This was family.
A gifted 6-foot-3, 200-pound skill player who is being recruited as a wide receiver, Wright is one of the most talented players in the deepest Kentucky high school class in recent memory. He is a four-star prospect and Kentucky's No. 3 prospect in the 2019 class, according to 247Sports' composite rankings.
As he navigates the recruiting process, Wright has remained centered. His parents help with that. In a recruiting world dominated by flash, Milton is a yes-sir, no-sir kind of kid without a Twitter account.
“We don't have one anymore,” Milton said. “I say ‘we' — me."
"I started it for about a week, and then my parents and I decided that was just a big distraction and we didn't need it right now in this process.”
Sure, coaches ask if he has an account, and fans want to follow him. But Wright says it's still a distraction. He does not want to read that one prospect picked up a scholarship offer from a school and wonder why he hasn't yet. Perhaps it is one way he ends up remaining himself when he is sitting in Alabama coach Nick Saban's office.
See also: Chris Mack is making former Louisville basketball players feel welcome
Entering his senior season at CAL, Wright doesn't have to worry about offers anymore. After first drawing interest from the University of Louisville, he has now attracted the eyes of bigger powerhouses and narrowed his list to Louisville, Alabama, Ohio State, Purdue and Kentucky.
Colleges are recruiting him as a wide receiver, though he plays almost anywhere at CAL.
Two weeks ago, Wright visited Tuscaloosa, Ala. He drove down with his stepfather on a Sunday — his mom was at home taking care of baby Tyson — and greeted Crimson Tide quarterbacks coach Dan Enos and wide receivers coach Josh Gattis.
Wright toured Alabama's facilities, learned about academics and met with Saban, who reaffirmed Wright's scholarship offer.
“I wanted to enjoy it to the fullest and just learn,” Wright said. “That's the best program in the nation right now, so I took it as an opportunity to learn, to see how … see what makes them the greatest, see what makes them so successful and then just take bits and pieces back with me.”
Wright is pensive, often beginning answers with “How do I say this?” and then a pause.
You may also like: Ex-Cat Rajon Rondo joining LeBron, others with Los Angeles Lakers
With the help of his parents, he is intent on not letting the recruiting process consume him. CAL coach Stefan LeFors put out a list of five schools on Twitter for him.
LeFors said Wright is friendly with everyone from administrators to groundskeepers and always willing to say hello to the first- and second-graders.
“I think he has everyone's attention and he commands respect and people know when he walks into the room,” LeFors said.
Wright said he does not know when he'll make his college choice, only that it will come down to his family. He will take some official visits, likely one to Alabama (the first was unofficial). He will not rush, he says, but he will not stall.
It's also fair to expect you won't be hearing from him on Twitter.
“I kind of take pride in that,” he said, “because it's less distraction for this process. It's good.”
Jake Lourim: 502-582-4168; jlourim@courierjournal.com; Twitter: @jakelourim. Support strong local journalism by subscribing today: www.courier-journal.com/jakel.
Crew spout with joy at rare whale sighting in Hauraki Gulf
STUFF Pygmy blue whale a rare sight in Hauraki Gulf
Passengers aboard a boat in Auckland's Hauraki Gulf were treated to a rare sighting of a little-understood whale on a clear blue day earlier this week.
On Tuesday morning, 40 eager voyagers struck wildlife gold when a pygmy blue whale surfaced next to their tour boat.
Auckland Whale & Dolphin Safari marine research officer Catherine Lea said the boat was abuzz after those on board realised it was only the third time in seven years the almost-daily operation had seen this particular subspecies.
"During the trip we do a commentary over the PA so we were stressing to passengers 'this is really rare,'" Lea said.
READ MORE:
* 'Genetically distinct' blue whale population discovered off South Taranaki Bight
* Blue whale research expedition set to sail off lower North Island
* Scientists capture rare footage of blue whales feeding off coast of New Zealand
"People definitely gauged a lot from the crew's reaction."
Supplied Pygmy blue whales are a rare sight for Auckland Whale & Dolphin Safari, but this week they struck gold.
Although sightings of the pygmy blue were very unusual in the Hauraki area, the status of the subspecies' population was still a matter of debate.
"Regular" blue whales were considered endangered but the jury was still out on whether pygmy blue whales were also endangered - the result of significant data gaps, as described by The International Whaling Commission.
But research released this month by Leigh Torres and Dawn Barlow of Oregon State University provided further insight into the lives of these mystical ocean-dwellers.
Supplied The pygmy blue whale puts on a show. Recent research estimates there just over 700 of the subspecies living in New Zealand waters.
The research, published in Endangered Species journal, estimated 718 pygmy blue whales currently call New Zealand home.
Torres and Barlow described the pygmy blue as "genetically distinct" from other blue whales and suggested they live "year-round" in our waters
"There is not enough data to fully understand this subspecies which stresses the importance of this research in finding out about them," Lea said.
"This is an exciting time for blue whales in New Zealand."
The Southern Hemisphere is currently home to three subspecies of blue whale: Antarctic, Chilean and pygmy.
Despite its name, the pygmy whale is still large in size, normally measuring 20 - 24 metres and weighing 154,000 kilograms.
- Stuff
ISLAMABAD - President Mamnoon Hussain on Friday emphasised the need for improving standard of higher education in the country and bringing it at par with the rest of the world.
The president, while talking to the Chancellor of Riphah International University Hasan Muhammad Khan and Vice-Chancellor Dr Anis Ahmad who called on him at the Aiwan-e-Sadr, said that the government was taking all possible measures in that regard.
He said that the universities and other educational institutes played an important role in the economic development of the country.
The president stressed that the universities should focus on human resource development, which played a fundamental part in strengthening the socio-economic structure of the country.
Hussain expressed his satisfaction that the standards of higher education in Pakistan had improved during the last few years and institutes such as Riphah International University had played a commendable role in that respect. But he further underlined that a lot was still needed to be done to bring quality of higher education at par with the international standards.
The president stated that as women were almost half of the population of the country, therefore emphasis should be laid on both their secondary and higher education.
He appreciated the establishment of Women Institute of Science and Humanities at the Riphah International University.
The president said that such dedicated campuses for women were a significant development in provision of quality education as well as improving the quality of the human resource.
Chancellor Hasan Muhammad Khan also briefed the president about the ongoing and future projects of the university.
The president assured him of his continued support in that regard.
The chancellor also extended an invitation to the president to inaugurate a charity hospital established by the university.
Our Staff Reporter
A man was shot in Newtown on Wednesday morning.
The police have confirmed the incident and are presently on the scene.
The incident took place near Rueben's Bakery.
DNO understands that a bus was shot several times.
One man is said to have died in the incident.
This is a developing story.
Dear Amy: My husband and I are expecting our first baby. We would prefer to avoid all hyper-gendered baby trappings.
For us, this goes beyond the usual pink and blue, as we've seen baby clothing with incredibly sexist language — e.g. “Born to shop” or “Future trophy wife” for girls, and “Lock up your daughters” for boys.
Our goal is to minimize sexism in our parenting — e.g. to talk to boys about their feelings, and tell girls they are smart and capable. How can we best communicate this to our families?
So far, we've feigned ignorance of our baby's sex, which we know from genetic testing. We'll soon have the mid-pregnancy ultrasound where sex is usually discovered. Also, we could slip up and accidentally use a gendered pronoun.
Would it be best to simply let everyone know our preference for gender-neutral items? Could we tell them we're keeping the sex a secret for now, and why? Or would it be best to just tell the sex, try our best to say thank you for all gifts (no matter how awful) and quietly discard or donate the ones we find to be overly gendered?
How should we handle any sexism issues that may arise later — e.g. if grandma tends to tell a girl that she looks pretty, but never asks about her interests or hobbies? While it will be easy to toss sexist gifts, it will be much harder to ignore sexist treatment of our children.
— Modern Parents
Dear Modern Parents: As a society, we are currently in the process of rethinking the binary understanding of gender. And so your baby may be assigned a sex at birth, but may develop anywhere along a gender spectrum.
When people ask you the baby's gender, you can say, quite truthfully, “… We'll see!” If people want some direction regarding gifts, you could say, “We're painting the room yellow. Anything with animals on it might be fun.”
I applaud your desire to keep your unborn child's sex, private. I loathe those “gender-reveal” videos that couples post on social media, showing their unborn child's sex in a variety of “cute” ways.
In the grand tick-tock leading up to a baby's birth, it is both natural and wise to talk about these important issues, but I hope you will also absorb this basic truism: Life might be perfect, if it weren't for other people.
You could create a completely non-sexist household, and your young child might introduce gender-norms into your lives, anyway. Sometimes boys really do prefer trucks to dolls. Many a 4-year-old girl has busted her feminist mother's assumptions through energetic princess-play. Old-fashioned grandmothers will always tell their little granddaughters that they are pretty, and granddads might tell their grandsons to “buck up.” Your primary role in your child's life is to explain the world. And sometimes the best explanation is, “It's complicated.”
Dear Amy: Each month I volunteer to help a group devoted to families who adopt and foster children.
At the last gathering, a same-sex couple attended with their adoptive children.
I disagree with this arrangement. I realize my discomfort is old-fashioned and not a very popular opinion these days.
I have nothing against this couple, and respect their decision to take these kids into their lives. In this country, everyone is free to their own opinions and lifestyle choices.
Am I just being a homophobic jerk, or is it OK to disagree with something that I do not understand?
— Trending but not Trendy
Dear Trending: Homophobia is the “irrational fear of, aversion to, or discrimination against homosexuals.” This seems to apply to you.
You don't say what offends you so much about two adults adopting children who would otherwise stay in the foster care system — in fact, you say you respect them. So, you merely disagree with these people for basically existing in the world, and entering the same space you occupy.
Yes, you are free to hold your opinions about others, and to live your (presumably heterosexual) lifestyle. This couple may also be judging you harshly. If you want to assuage your discomfort, you should make an effort to get to know them.
Dear Amy: “Campster” expressed his concern about taking his newly sober friend on their annual camping trip, where they would be with others who were refusing to abstain from drinking. Thank you for noting how tender his sobriety is.
You should have suggested that the two of them go by themselves on a no-alcohol camping trip.
— Sober
Dear Sober: Absolutely. Thank you.
(Reuters) - Mexican presidential front-runner Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador has extended his lead well beyond his nearest rivals with just a month to go before the July 1 election, an opinion poll showed on Thursday.
Leftist front-runner Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador of the National Regeneration Movement (MORENA) is greeted by supporters while arriving to a campaign rally in Zitacuaro, in Michoacan state, Mexico May 28, 2018. REUTERS/Alan Ortega
The survey by polling firm Parametria showed support for the leftist former mayor of Mexico City at 45 percent, an increase of six percentage points from a prior April poll. That gave Lopez Obrador more backing than his nearest two rivals combined.
Lopez Obrador, 64, was runner-up in the previous two elections, with fears that he could destabilize the economy contributing to his defeat. This time frustration over corruption, rising violence and tepid growth have all helped lift his bid.
Lopez Obrador's closest competitor is Ricardo Anaya, a former chairman of the center-right National Action Party (PAN), who is fronting a right-left coalition of parties.
However, support for Anaya slipped 5 percentage points to 20 percent, in spite of the May 16 withdrawal from the race of former first lady and onetime PAN member Margarita Zavala.
“Anaya was expected to go up because of Margarita quitting, but it seems that the one who benefited was (Lopez Obrador),” Parametria founder Francisco Abundis said.
Holding steady at 14 percent support in third place was former finance minister Jose Antonio Meade, the candidate of President Enrique Pena Nieto's Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI. The law prevents Pena Nieto from running again.
Leftist front-runner Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador of the National Regeneration Movement (MORENA) looks on during a campaign rally in Zitacuaro, in Michoacan state, Mexico May 28, 2018. REUTERS/Alan Ortega
The fourth candidate on the ticket, independent Jaime Rodriguez, dipped one point to 1 percent. Rodriguez was fined this week for raising illicit campaign funds.
All told, 17 percent of respondents expressed no preference in the latest poll, which followed a separate survey by newspaper Reforma published on Wednesday that gave Lopez Obrador support of more than half the voters.
Parametria said its poll consisted of 1,000 face-to-face interviews and was conducted from May 23-29. The poll had a margin of error of 3.1 percentage points.
The silver-haired Lopez Obrador has pledged to root out corruption and reduce violence, as well as re-invigorate the domestic economy and address chronic inequality if elected.
His room for maneuver as president will depend considerably on how much control his National Regeneration Movement (MORENA) party can exercise in Congress.
Slideshow (2 Images)
The latest poll showed increasing support for MORENA, but it is unclear whether the party will have an outright majority. No party has held an absolute majority in Mexico since 1997.
Support for MORENA and its two main allies came to about 37 percent in the lower house and 39 percent in the Senate. Once undecided voters are stripped out, the percentage rises.
By Scott T. Sterling
With the band's third album, What If Nothing, on the horizon, Ohio rock band Walk the Moon has opened up about the process behind its creation.
Related: Walk The Moon Debut ‘One Foot' Video
“The approach was just making noise, getting back to our roots of being a rock & roll band and just playing our instruments and letting the sound bounce off the walls,” singer Nicholas Petricca explained to Rolling Stone
“Sonically, we're reaching for taller, wider, and more vast, more epic sounds,” he said. “But the lyrics are kind of the opposite. They're much more personal and are very close to the heart, very raw.”
Despite the “chaos” that went into the new full-length, including the band canceling a tour last summer when Petricca's father fell ill, the singer is pleased with how What If Nothing ultimately turned out.
“There's this feeling where everything is like a bad haircut, and everything feels unfinished,” he revealed. “That moment of getting the record beyond the point of discomfort, until the record is to the point of, ‘Oh. What a relief. This feels amazing,' is a major lesson in trust – you really are just faced with having to trust yourself and your collaborators and the producer that this deformed laboratory monster is going to, eventually, grow wings and become something really beautiful.”
CAMAS, Wash. – The Camas-Washougal Fire Department said it was issued a safety violation on Thursday by the Washington Department of Labor and Industries after firefighters chose to save someone's life earlier this year.
KGW first reported about the fire department's predicament in March.
Background: Camas-Washougal firefighters face choice of saving lives or following the law
On Feb. 14, two firefighters with the department responded to a house fire on Prune Hill in Camas. When the city standard two-person crew engine arrived, firefighters heard cries for help coming from the garage. By state law, there needs to be three firefighters on scene before they enter a building.
But firefighter Adam Brice said the crew really had no choice.
“There were two firefighters that entered the structure they shouldn't have gone into,” Brice told KGW in March. “But we're firefighters and you can't send firefighters to a fire and have someone banging on a door and expect us to just sit outside and do nothing.”
Brice said the incident underlined a need they've been asking the city to meet for years: adding at least one more firefighter per engine. That would amount to staffing 15 more firefighters at a cost of $1.5 million to taxpayers.
Camas city administrator Pete Capell told KGW in March that he commended the actions of the firefighters. He also pointed out that 85 percent of the calls Camas firefighters respond to are medical. Cappell also said house fires reported through 911 calls usually trigger multi-engine responses.
Now, the fire department says the City of Camas plans to appeal the safety violation and $2,400 fine as soon as possible.
“The City is deeply concerned that L&I intends to punish our personnel for heroically saving the life of one of our citizens,” the department said in a news release on Friday. “This is a wide reaching and troubling stance by the state oversight agency. In effect they are stating that all fire departments in the State of Washington are hereafter prohibited from saving a life if they do not have at least 3 personnel on scene. This chilling order could cost Washington fire departments hundreds of millions of dollars and will cause citizens to lose their lives.”
Cappell told KGW in March the issue of firefighter staffing would be a topic of discussion moving forward as the city's 2019-2020 budget is developed.
KGW's Katherine Cook contributed to this report.
© 2018 KGW
About 60 seniors at the Sparr Heights Community Center in Glendale celebrated Valentine's Day on Tuesday by selecting holiday cards that were created by children at the Montrose Library.
The center is almost a century old and offers seniors quality-of-life programs and services as well as meals on weekdays. Seniors can participate in a number of leisure activities including games, dancing and fitness programs.
To mark the holiday, Maggie Kavarian, the city's community services supervisor, helped organize a Valentine's Day luncheon with live music and an opportunity for seniors to select one of about 30 hand-crafted cards.
Join the conversation on Facebook >>
Last week, kids ages 4 to 12 visited the Montrose Library for its annual Valentine's Day "Crafternoon," where they could use numerous art supplies to create holiday cards with a message of love to later be placed on a tree for seniors at the community center.
Runbina Markosyan, a library monitor, helped the young volunteers create their cards throughout the week and said the program makes both the children and seniors happy.
"It brings a lot of joy and appreciation for the local senior citizens," Markosyan said. "It's a good cause."
During the luncheon on Tuesday, Glendale resident Irma Olsen, 71, danced to live music and invited others to join her. A frequent volunteer since retiring, Olsen also handed out heart-shaped lollipops with drawn-on smiles and eyes to fellow seniors.
She said the key to a good Valentine's Day card is exactly what the children at the library created, something homespun and not store-bought.
"Please show love to anybody you love, even people you don't love," Olsen said. "Give them a smile, make them happy."
Sitting and eating lunch with friends, John Abercrombie, 87, said he has enjoyed activities at Sparr Heights Community Center for more than a decade, often playing pool in the game room.
Abercrombie is a retired power-line supervisor at Glendale Water and Power, where he spent 32 years, nearly half as long as he's been married.
He'll hit 63 years of marriage in August.
"[For Valentine's Day], sometimes I'd give my wife a card and box of chocolates," Abercrombie said. "Keep it simple."
--
Jeff Landa, jeff.landa@latimes.com
Twitter: @JeffLanda
Boatwright Law Office, P.C.
1091 South First Street
Hamilton, MT 59840
(406) 375-1385
Attorney for Personal Representative
MONTANA TWENTY-FIRST JUDICIAL DISTRICT COURT, RAVALLI COUNTY
IN THE MATTER OF THE ESTATE OF BETTY LOU DIMSHA, Deceased.
Case No.: DP-18-64
Dept. No. 1
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the undersigned has been appointed Personal Representative of the above-named Estate. All persons having claims against the Decedent are required to present their claims within four months after the date of the first publication of this notice or said claims will be forever barred.
Claims must either be mailed to P. Kent Dimsha, the Personal Representative, return receipt requested, at Boatwright Law Office, 1091 S. First Street, Hamilton, MT 59840, or filed with the Clerk of the above-entitled Court.
DATED this 27th day of June, 2018.
/s/ P. Kent Dimsha, Personal Representative
BS 7-4, 7-11, 7-18-18. MNAXLP
M. Sue Mosley, 96, of Hillerman, Ill., died Saturday, March 17, 2018, at Southgate Nursing and Rehab in Metropolis, Ill.
Visitation will be 11 a.m. until funeral at noon Thursday, March 22, at Gent Funeral Home in Alton.
MONDAY
ChBE Seminar: Dr. Michael Timko
Details: Dr. Michael Timko, a biology professor at Worcester Polytechnic Institute, is delivering the final lecture in the Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering's fall 2017 seminar series.
Where and when: Science and Technology Center, Room 136; 12 p.m.
“Exam Kits and Massage Chairs”
Details: Tufts University Social Collective (TUSC)'s First-Years subgroup is giving out free “exam kits” with writing utensils and toys. Four massage chairs available for students to use will be placed upstairs in the Mayer Campus Center.
Where and when: Mayer Campus Center; 12 p.m.
“AAC & PAC Present: Ruff Semester?”
Details: Tufts' Asian American Center will be open as a study space with therapy dogs, food and relaxing activities all evening.
Where and when: Tufts University Asian American Center; 4–9 p.m.
TUESDAY
NCF Christmas Party
Details: Tufts Non-denominational Christian Fellowship will hold its annual Christmas party. There will be food and drink; participants are encouraged to take part in a “white elephant” gift exchange.
Where and when: Tufts Interfaith Center; 2 p.m.
“Latke/Latte — Pop-up Chanukah Party at Tamper”
Details: Jordan Braunig, the director of the Initiative for Innovative Community Building at Tufts Hillel, is hosting a Chanukah party at Tamper Cafe with coffee and a candle-lighting ceremony.
Where and when: Tamper Cafe; 6 p.m.
WEDNESDAY
“Midnight Madness Pancake Breakfast: Chanukah Edition”
Details: Chabad serving Tufts is having a midnight study-break breakfast with breakfast foods, a latke bar and a fill-your-own doughnut bar. There will also be candle-lighting.
Where and when: Rohr Chabad House, 21 Chetwynd Rd.; 11 p.m.
FRIDAY
Therapy Dogs at Tisch Library
Details: Seven therapy dogs will be available to play with students in the Tisch Library.
Where and when: Tisch Library, Rooms 223 and 224; 4–6 p.m.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Caryinna Ashlyn Yenchak and Theron Jacob Solomon, together with their parents, announce their engagement and upcoming marriage.
The bride-to-be is the daughter of Joseph and Geri Yenchak, of Ashley. She is the granddaughter of the late Joseph and Anna Yenchak, Ashley and the late William and Julia Mayo, Plains.
The prospective groom is the son of Theron and Judith Solomon, of Wilkes-Barre. He is the grandson of Patricia Campas and the late George Campas, Luzerne; the late Claire Watkins and the late Jacob and Kathleen Solomon, Wilkes-Barre.
The bride-to-be is a 2007 graduate of Bishop Hoban High School and a 2011 graduate of Widener University with a Bachelor of Science in business administration and marketing.
She is employed by Genpact.
The prospective groom is a 2005 graduate of E.L. Meyers High School and a 2009 graduate of King's College with a Bachelor of Science degree in economics and political science.
He is a 2013 graduate of the Charlotte School of Law with a Juris Doctor degree.
He is employed as an attorney by the Dyller Law Firm.
The couple will exchange vows Sept. 30, 2017 at St. Leo's Holy Rosary Church, Ashley.
Caryinna Ashlyn Yenchak and Theron Jacob Solomon, together with their parents, announce their engagement and upcoming marriage.
The bride-to-be is the daughter of Joseph and Geri Yenchak, of Ashley. She is the granddaughter of the late Joseph and Anna Yenchak, Ashley and the late William and Julia Mayo, Plains.
The prospective groom is the son of Theron and Judith Solomon, of Wilkes-Barre. He is the grandson of Patricia Campas and the late George Campas, Luzerne; the late Claire Watkins and the late Jacob and Kathleen Solomon, Wilkes-Barre.
The bride-to-be is a 2007 graduate of Bishop Hoban High School and a 2011 graduate of Widener University with a Bachelor of Science in business administration and marketing.
She is employed by Genpact.
The prospective groom is a 2005 graduate of E.L. Meyers High School and a 2009 graduate of King's College with a Bachelor of Science degree in economics and political science.
He is a 2013 graduate of the Charlotte School of Law with a Juris Doctor degree.
He is employed as an attorney by the Dyller Law Firm.
The couple will exchange vows Sept. 30, 2017 at St. Leo's Holy Rosary Church, Ashley.
The latest project from Tom "Tom7" Murphy is an unmodified NES running Super NES games . "Murphy breaks down this wizardry in a pair of detailed videos laying out his tinkering process," reports Ars Technica. "Though the NES hardware itself is untouched, the cartridge running this reverse emulation is a heavily customized circuit board (ordered from China for about $10), with a compact, multi-core Raspberry Pi 3 attached to handle the actual Super NES emulation." From the report:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It took him 36 hours but every gruelling step was worth it as Simon Kindleysides became the first paralysed man to complete the London Marathon.
The dad-of-three Simon was the last person to cross the line after completing the 26.2miles course at 10:46pm on Monday night - a day and a half after he started in blistering heat.
Due to the time it took him to finish Simon didn't get a finishing medal - but was donated medals by well wishers.
Simon was diagnosed with functional neurological disorder and a glioma brain tumour five years ago, leaving him paralysed from the waist down.
(Image: Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 (0)20 3551 5049 Email : info@flynetpictures.co.uk)
(Image: Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 (0)20 3551 5049 Email : info@flynetpictures.co.uk)
He used Rewalk Exo-Skelton Suit to tackle the course, a wearable robotic suit that powers hips and knees motion and let people with spinal cord injuries (SCI) stand, walk, turn - and now complete a London Marathon.
When men's winner Eliud Kipchoge crossed the line in just over two hours, Simon still had 24 miles to go.
But the 34-year-old, from Blofeld in Norfolk, was determined to finish.
(Image: Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 (0)20 3551 5049 Email : info@flynetpictures.co.uk)
(Image: Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 (0)20 3551 5049 Email : info@flynetpictures.co.uk)
“I am in a lot of pain,” he told the Eastern Daily Press . “It has taken it out of me and I don't know how it is going to affect my physically afterwards.
“Walking through the night when it was dark and no one was around was really difficult and the team really kept me going through that.
(Image: Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 (0)20 3551 5049 Email : info@flynetpictures.co.uk)
“I hadn't walked 26 miles in my life when I was able bodied, so that is a massive achievement in itself. I am in a lot of pain and my hands are sore from putting my weight on them so I have had to get wrist support."
The London Marathon say they provided logistics and helped with planning of his mammoth task.
He was then named the 'Spirit of London' award winner.
Simon has three children Anya, Corin and Lyra.
On his Just Giving page he said: "It has been a massive rocky road & it's effect not just my life but my kiddies Anya, Corin & Lyra my partner Jenna plus all my family, it's hard to see them go through the pain I have to go through knowing what's going on.
"I want to be a HUGE role model not just to my children but to others out there who are “disabled” and don't get enough credit and to people who don't think they can do stuff."
A Charlottesville, Virginia rally to keep a Confederate statue and the counter-protest to take it down stunned the country after a car drove into a crowd of counter-protestors, killing Heather Heyer and wounding many others. The violence of the weekend led to counter-protests and vigils condemning racism and white nationalism in cities across the United States. See the reactions
Vice President Mike Pence said there is no tolerance for “white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK,” following a white nationalist rally Saturday in Virginia that erupted in violence and left three people dead and multiple injured.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS, Mo. - Local bagpipers came together for a show Monday night to raise money for Arnold Police Officer Ryan O'Connor. The group of musicians performed at Dressel's Public House in the Central West End.
The group said they meet at the space one a month, but that Monday's performance was different. They said the goal was to raise money to help pay for O'Connor's medical bills.
“He's a fighter, he's hanging in there real good and I think things are just going to get better,” said Dan Steele, who worked with O'Connor at the St. Louis County Police Department. “Everybody is behind him, no matter what happens he will be taken care of we will take care of him we are a family.”
Monday night the bag pipers passed around a bucket and everybody chipped in cash. They said the event wasn't just about financial assistance but showing O'Connor and his family they have a team of people supporting them.
“It reminds us that the vast majority of people still support us, said Francis Gomez, who is in O'Connor's band and also a police officer.
If you missed Monday night's performance you can still support O'Connor by donating to the GoFundMe.
Lagos State Governor, Mr. Akinwunmi Ambode has reiterated his support and commitment for a united and indivisible Nigeria.
Ambode who restated his commitment on when he paid a courtesy visit on his counterpart in Enugu State, Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi at the Enugu Government House said since assumption of office, concerted efforts have been made to maintain peace and harmony in the state.
Ambode, who was in Enugu to attend the final burial of late former Vice President, Dr Alex Ekwueme in his capacity as the Chairman of Southern Governors Forum, said considering the cosmopolitan nature of Lagos being the melting pot of various cultures, deliberate policies were put in place to promote harmonious relationship among residents.
He said: “I am more Igbo than any other person because Lagos is a cosmopolitan state and I am not too sure whether I can cross any street in Lagos without having an Igbo brother or sister and if you want to govern Lagos properly, you have to abide by the rules and conditions of businessmen and women and which the majority happens to be our brothers.
“In the last 32 months that I have been Governor, I have tried as much as possible to keep peace and keep harmony because that is the only way my economy can grow and that is the only way Nigeria also can grow and that is why we are for a united Nigeria.
“It is also why I am so happy that the last time that the Southern Governors Forum meeting attended by all the Governors was held in Lagos and being the Chairman of the Forum, I took it upon myself that I have to be here for the burial of the late former Vice President, Dr Alex Ekwueme,” he said.
Ambode commended Ugwuanyi for the developmental strides in Enugu, saying where other states seemed to be having problems there is dignified peace and stability in Enugu.
“Irrespective of party affiliation, development is development and progress is progress and the whole thing is more about being people-oriented and we give God all the glory that there are still people who can prove that there is good governance in Nigeria,” he said.
Four bombs have been detonated in Austin, Texas, over the past month including one on Sunday, which left two people wounded.
The first three attacks were parcel bombs left on victims' front porches whereas police said Monday that the latest was an invisible tripwire.
READ MORE: Police suspect ‘serial bomber' in Austin after 4 similar devices explode
Here is what we know about the Austin bombings:
The Attacks
No. 1: The first bombing took place on March 2. Anthony Stephan House died when a bomb detonated on his front porch. He was a 39-year-old black man. The bomb tore a hole in the home entrance wall and damaged the front door.
No. 2: The second bombing occurred on March 12. Draylen Mason was killed when a package exploded in his kitchen that morning. The 17-year-old's mother was also injured in the attack. They were also African-Americans.
READ MORE: Texas police say deadly package bombs in Austin could be linked
No. 3: The third bombing occurred just hours after the first one on March 12. A 75-year-old Hispanic man/woman? was left injured by the explosion.
No. 4: Two men were out for a walk when police say they may have crossed a tripwire, creating an explosion. Officials said both men were white.
In the first three bombings, cardboard packages were delivered to the front doorstep of the house in the middle of the night. Victims opened the packages on their front porches.
In the last bombing, a thin translucent tripwire like fishing line was placed near a hiking trail.
Police said it was a more advanced design than the previous bombs.
Those differences made it harder to draw conclusions about a possible pattern, further unnerving a city on edge.
Two of the victims can be linked, the Washington Post reports. Mason's grandfather and House's stepfather were fraternity brothers and are good friends.
The bomber:
Police are unaware of any motive but have reached out to speak with the aggressor.
“We are clearly dealing with what we expect to be a serial bomber at this point,” Austin Police Chief Brian Manley told a news conference near the site of Sunday's bombing.
Manley has said the bombings were being investigated as possible hate crimes, but cautioned that Sunday's attack did not appear to have targeted specific people, and both victims were white.
WATCH: Investigators not ruling out terrorism, hate crimes in Austin letter bombing case
Randall Rogan, a Wake Forest University professor (delete: who) is an expert on forensic linguistic analysis who worked with the FBI on the Unabomber case.
He said as time passes, it's likely the person or people behind the explosions will seek more than just the thrill of the crimes themselves and will desire more recognition, something that could drive them to make contact with police or release some sort of communique or manifesto. He said the new complexity of the fourth bombing might suggest it was a test for something even bigger.
“This is an increase and expansion of sophistication and most likely, a trial run for something to come in the future,” Rogan said.
Investigators are also concerned over the use of the tripwire.
“We're very concerned that with tripwires, a child could be walking down a sidewalk and hit something,” Christopher Combs, FBI agent in charge of the bureau's San Antonio division, told the Associated Press.
About Austin, Texas:
Austin, with a population of nearly 1 million people, is home to the University of Texas and a plethora of tech companies and has been one of the fastest growing major U.S. cities.
Residents of the hipster city are obviously worried by the attacks.
“It's creepy,” said resident Erin Mays, 33. “I'm not a scared person, but this feels very next-door-neighbour kind of stuff.”
*With files from the Associated Press and Reuters
AAA considers its diamond rating system the most prestigious system for evaluating hotels.
“We're the only organization in the world that uses the diamond designation,” said AAA's Clay Ingram. “We have a team of inspectors that cover all of North America, Bahamas, Canada,”
Before a hotel is even considered for a Diamond rating, it has to apply and meet some high standards.
“Every hotel that's rated has to first meet the AAA diamond rating approval requirements,” explained a AAA inspector who must remain anonymous. “Which means cleanliness, condition, they have to be open to an unannounced inspection every so often,"
Those inspections judge every hotel on the same criteria, with the same pattern. The process starts before the inspector gets out of the car.
“I'm looking at the entrance, because it's a public area, and we rate the building to see if the building is a 1,2, 3, 4, or 5. We also rate the landscaping, we rate the entrance, and we rate the services that might be provided,”
The inspector continued, “We're looking at the lobby, we have our computers out, we introduce ourselves to the front desk. Sometimes we might try to walk public areas first if they're immense,”
Then the inspector enters the rooms.
“I'll ask for a vacant ready list, so I can pick some random rooms, so I can get an idea and make sure I'm getting a variety of rooms, not just the VIP floor rooms. We focus on public areas, we focus on guest rooms, and guest room bathrooms,”
It's important to note that the number of diamonds a hotel receives does not designate whether it's a good or a bad hotel. The diamonds earned are based on the services and amenities each property provides. So any diamond at all provides peace of mind.
“It's having confidence that it's clean and in good condition,” the inspector said.
AAA rates hotels on a one through five-diamond scale. No property in Alabama has earned a five-diamond rating. Fewer than six percent of the properties AAA evaluated achieve four Diamond status.
Only 10 hotels and 12 restaurants in Alabama have earned a four-diamond rating. Montgomery's Renaissance Hotel &Spa, Opelika's Marriott at Grand National and Wetumpka's Wind Creek Casino & Hotel are among them.
Copyright 2018 WSFA 12 News. All rights reserved.
China will "absolutely not" fire the first shot in a trade war with the United States and will not be the first to levy tariffs, its finance ministry said on Wednesday.A person with knowledge of the plan earlier told Reuters China's threatened tariffs on $34 billion of U.S. goods would take effect from the beginning of the day on Friday. Given the 12-hour time difference, that would have put its implementation ahead of Washington's. Other media carried similar reports.But the ministry issued a brief clarification in response."The Chinese government's position has been stated many times. We absolutely will not fire the first shot, and will not implement tariff measures ahead of the United States doing so," it said, without elaborating.Washington has said it would implement tariffs on $34 billion of Chinese imports on July 6, and Beijing has vowed to retaliate in kind on the same day.Earlier, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said China was ready to act, though he did not confirm the start date for Chinese tariffs."China has already made preparations," Lu told a daily news briefing."As long as the United States issues a so-called tariff list, China will take necessary measures to firmly protect its legitimate interests," he added, without elaborating.China's yuan rose sharply against the dollar on Wednesday, a day after the central bank assured markets it would keep the currency stable amid growing worries about trade friction, although stocks fell.Chinese state media on Wednesday kept up a steady drum beat of criticism of the United States.The official China Daily said the United States was intentionally trying to prevent China from developing to keep it from challenging the former's role in the global economic order."The U.S. has maintained hegemony in the military and financial fields for many decades. Now it is pursuing economic hegemony," the English-language newspaper said in an editorial."It has frequently waged wars against other sovereign countries and made use of the dominant influence of the U.S. dollar in the international markets to fleece other countries. Now it is attempting to resort to an all-out trade and economic war to hold back China's normal development."Widely-read tabloid the Global Times, published by the ruling Communist Party's People's Daily, said the increasingly likely trade war would bring chaos to the world."Counterstrike is major economies' first reaction to Washington's trade war," it said in its editorial."It's hard to predict where these moves will lead the world, but Washington will unavoidably pay heavy prices for its attempts to change the whole world to its economic tributary."U.S. President Donald Trump has threatened to escalate the trade conflict with tariffs on as much as $400 billion in Chinese goods if Beijing retaliates against the U.S. tariffs set to take effect on Friday.Chinese currency and stock markets have been jittery ahead of Friday's tariff implementation.
Hawaii Volcanoes National Park reports Monday that a large section of the 26-acre lava delta formed by the lava flow collapsed into the ocean around 2:45 p.m. on New Year's Eve, launching showers of volcanic rock into the air, and creating a flurry of large waves that eroded away a portion of the older sea cliff and viewing area.
As a result, the Kamokuna ocean entry within the park will remain closed Monday as park rangers and USGS Hawaiian Volcano Observatory scientists survey the area.
Rangers on duty New Year's Day reported that the former viewing area is gone, and that loud cracks continue to be heard throughout the unstable area.
Although park rangers temporarily closed the Kamokuna lava viewing area Sunday night, five visitors ducked beneath the white rope closure line and made a beeline for the coastal cliffs around 7 p.m. on New Year's Eve. Eruption Crew Ranger Travis Delimont and a co-worker had to chase after them before they turned around. Within 15 minutes, the section of cliff where the visitors were standing crashed into the ocean.
“It was a really close brush with death for them,” Delimont said. “Luckily, they finally listened to us and turned around in time.”
The lava viewing area will remain closed until it is determined safe to reopen. The County of Hawaii also closed the Kalapana access to the park.
There is a temporary flight restriction of 1,000 feet above ground level at the Kamokuna ocean entry.
Lava deltas are extremely hazardous volcanic features and are formed when lava enters the ocean and builds new land on loose and unstable substrate. In addition to the threat of collapse, lava entering the ocean produces a highly corrosive plume of hydrochloric acid and volcanic particles that irritate the lungs, skin and eyes. Visitors are strongly urged to stay out of closed areas and heed all posted warning signs.
The White House on Wednesday shook off criticism of the emergency response to Hurricane Maria following a Harvard study that estimated the death toll from last year's tragedy in Puerto Rico may have reached 5,000.
The official death toll from the storm is listed as 64, but Puerto Rican officials have maintained they believe the number is far higher.
White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders, asked about the startling numbers in the Harvard study, defended FEMA's response to the storm that slammed into the island as a Category 4 hurricane Sept. 20, two weeks after the island was ravaged by Hurricane Irma.
Sanders said the government responded to the storm with the largest FEMA effort in history.
"We have been supportive of Gov. Rosello's efforts to ensure full accounting and transparency, and those who have suffered from this tragedy deserve nothing less," she added.
More: Hurricane Maria killed more than 4,600 people, study says.
More: Caribbean hotels make a comeback after hurricanes
National Nurse United, the nation's largest union for registered nurses, said the study confirmed what volunteer nurses who went to the island in the days and weeks after the Sept. 20 landfall witnessed — residents "left to die" by a federal response that "failed its own American citizens."
“Nurses on the ground saw that people were dying," said Bonnie Castillo, executive director of the union. "Our volunteer RNs came back to the U.S. and said again and again, ‘The people of Puerto Rico are dying. Do something!'"
Rep. Bennie Thompson, D-Miss., who serves on the House Committee on Homeland Security, called the Harvard estimate "heartbreaking" and blasted the federal response to the storm as "woefully inadequate."
FEMA assistant administrator Michael Byrne defended his agency's effort before a House committee two months ago.
Byrne testified more than 19,000 federal staff from 80 agencies were on the ground at the height of the emergency effort. More than a billion dollars in commodities, such as food, water, tarps, and construction materials "were delivered by air, off-road vehicles and on foot, making it the largest and longest commodity delivery mission in FEMA's history," he said.
Maria destroyed thousands of buildings and knocked out power to virtually the entire U.S. territory of more than 3 million people. Researchers at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health released a study this week based on a survey of more than 3,000 households on the battered island.
The researchers determined at least 4,645 "excess deaths" occurred during the storm and the weeks that followed as the island struggled to provide basic services such as food, water and medical care. The researchers also said the number was probably conservative, and that the total could have exceeded 5,000.
By comparison, more than 1,800 people died when Katrina roared across the U.S. Gulf Coast as a Category 5 hurricane in 2005.
Christy Delafield, a spokeswoman for the global humanitarian organization Mercy Corps, has spent time in Puerto Rico since Maria. She said her group always believed official numbers seemed low, but "Harvard's numbers are worse than we feared."
"The lack of electricity and basic services meant that people couldn't get the help they needed for a long time after the storm," she said. "The elderly, people with health problems and the very young were at particular risk."
Carlos Mercader, executive director of the Puerto Rico Federal Affairs Administration, said the Puerto Rico government welcomed the study and would analyze it further. He said officials expected the number would be much higher than previous counts, and a team at George Washington University has been conducting a review of the death total that is due soon.
"As the world knows, the magnitude of this tragic disaster caused by Hurricane Maria resulted in many fatalities," he said. "Both studies will help us better prepare for future natural disasters and prevent lives from being lost.”
Puerto Rico's remote mountain regions face slow recovery A view up Huleia Stream on Nov. 2, 2017, which runs through the center of the town of Orocovis, where most residents were still without power or water six weeks after Hurricane Maria. 01 / 08 A view up Huleia Stream on Nov. 2, 2017, which runs through the center of the town of Orocovis, where most residents were still without power or water six weeks after Hurricane Maria. 01 / 08
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
FILE - This Sept. 6, 2012, file photo shows the Amazon logo in Santa Monica, Calif. Amazon said Wednesday, April 18, 2018, it has more than 100 million paid Prime members, the first time the company has given out a specific number on its paid subscriber base. Reed Saxon, File AP Photo
Feb 2 (Reuters) - The following table shows rates for Asian currencies against the dollar at 0134 GMT. CURRENCIES VS U.S. DOLLAR CURRENCIES VS U.S. DOLLAR Change on the day at 0134 GMT Currency The Latest bid Previous day Pct Move Japan yen 109.3 109.39 +0.08 Sing dlr 1.309 1.308 -0.06 Taiwan dlr 29.193 29.207 +0.05 Korean won 1072.8 1071.9 -0.08 Baht 31.3 31.34 +0.13 Peso 51.68 51.58 -0.19 Rupiah 13415 13425 +0.07 Rupee 64.015 64.02 0.00 Ringgit 3.884 3.8995 +0.4 Yuan 6.28 6.2965 +0.26 Change so far in 2018 Currency The Latest bid End 2017 Pct Move Japan yen 109.3 112.67 +3.08 Sing dlr 1.309 1.3373 +2.18 Taiwan dlr 29.193 29.848 +2.24 Korean won 1072.8 1070.5 -0.21 Baht 31.3 32.58 +4.09 Peso 51.68 49.93 -3.39 Rupiah 13415 13565 +1.12 Rupee 64.015 63.87 -0.23 Ringgit 3.884 4.044 +4.12 Yuan 6.28 6.5069 +3.61 (Reporting by Ambar Warrick in Bengaluru; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
Islamabad-Islamabad Traffic Police (ITP) has arranged a rally today to sensitise the motorcyclists about safety measures.
Around 500 motorcyclists participated in the rally which started from Islamabad Sports Complex and culminated at the same point after passing through various areas of the city.
The contingents of Islamabad police and people from various walks of life participated in the rally. Senior Superintendent of Police (Traffic) Malik Matloob has said that basic purpose of this rally is to create awareness about safety measures among motorcyclists and to ensure use of helmet by them.
He said that one-month long campaign has already been launched for the safety of motorcyclists. Malik Matloob said the awareness campaign would conclude on October 11, 2017, after which there will be zero-tolerance against those not following the traffic rules.
He said that purpose of this campaign is to ensure safety for motorcyclists and prevent road mishaps by educating them about the use of helmets and safe road environment.
He said that special squads have been constituted to educate bike-riders as how to ensure their safety before travelling on roads. These squads are performing duties at various main roads of the city and briefing the motorcyclists about the safe journey.
Meanwhile, Islamabad police have arrested six outlaws from various areas of the city and recovered stolen bike and weapons from them, a police spokesman said.
He said that Golra police arrested a bike thief identified as Ibrahim and recovered a stolen bike (Honda 125, ALQ-043) from him.
During the preliminary investigation, he has confessed his involvement in several bike theft cases and police are hopeful for more recovery from him.
Tarnol police arrested Syed Hassan and recovered a repeater gun along with ammunition from him. Sabzi Mandi police arrested Talat for having a 12-bore gun. Cases have been registered against these nabbed persons and further investigation is underway.
A large fire has caused serious damage to a property in Eccleston, say fire services.
Firefighters from Chorley were called out to the blaze on Bradley Lane at around 1.50 am on April, 18.
Crews arrived to find a detached garage, outbuildings and several 50 foot trees "well alight".
A spokesman for the fire service said: "Two fire engines and crews from Chorley responded to the incident at which a detached garage and other outbuildings adjacent were on fire.
"Firefighters equipped with breathing apparatus used two hosereel jets to put the fire out.
"There were no casualties and the cause of the fire is to be established."
It is thought that the outbuildings were seriously damaged in the incident.
Submitted by Adopt-A-Pet of Shelton Colton is a wonderful Chocolate Lab mix who is 9 months old. He weighs approximately 75 pounds, is learning manners and how to walk on a leash nicely. He has a lot of energy, is fun and exciting and promises to make you laugh! Colton loves agility, zoomies, and is learning fetch! “Because […]
The post Adopt-A-Pet Dog of the Week appeared first on GraysHarborTalk.
Comments
Actor Johnny Depp made a group of kids at B.C. Children's Hospital very happy on Monday.
Depp, who is Vancouver to film Richard Says Goodbye, morphed into Captain Jack Sparrow, the character he made famous in the Pirates of the Caribbean films, to visit kids at the hospital on Monday afternoon.
Looking like Sparrow and sounding a lot like Keith Richards, Depp spent two hours visiting patients, never once breaking character.
“He was never Johnny Depp, he was always Jack Sparrow,” one hospital employee said.
It's not the first time the actor has shown up in public dressed as his most famous character.
In 2015, Sparrow visited a children's hospital in Brisbane, Australia while Depp was filming Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales.
WATCH: Johnny Depp visits children's hospital in Australia
London: The International Cricket Council (ICC) says it will meet representatives of the channel that claims to have unearthed 'spot-fixing' and 'pitch-fixing' in Test matches through a sting operation, insisting that the allegations will not be brushed under the carpet.
The Qatar-based Al Jazeera has claimed that pitches of matches involving India, Sri Lanka, Australia and England were doctored at the behest of match-fixers.
The matches in question were India vs Sri Lanka (Galle, 26-29 July, 2017), India vs Australia (Ranchi, 16-20 March, 2017) and India vs England (Chennai, 16-20 December, 2016).
The ICC, while launching an investigation, said that the news network was refusing to share the unedited footage of the sting, a claim also reiterated by the Boards of England and Australia.
But ICC Chief Executive David Richardson said they are set to meet Al Jazeera officials very soon.
"I am always concerned if people are talking about fixing in cricket. I am a little perturbed by any accusation that we would attempt to sweep it under the carpet, or pretend that nothing has happened," Richardson was quoted as saying by The Independent.
"So we will investigate fully. We are meeting with them (Al Jazeera) in the next couple of days," he added.
Richardson admitted that various Twenty20 Leagues, operating at the lower level, could be easy target for corrupt activities since stringent rules make it difficult to approach international stars.
"It would be very surprising if international cricketers were able to be got to. And therefore, because that target has been hardened, these guys are now trying to create their own leagues, at a much lower level.
"So what we need to make sure is that anyone stage a T20 domestic tournament, especially televised, that they have in place minimum standards. To make sure they have an anti-corruption code in place, that all the players are educated, and that we are monitoring the franchise owners, the people involved in the tournament, doing due diligence," said.
Talking about doping in cricket, Richardson said the WADA-compliant ICC tries to keep the game clean but also stressed that cricket was not the kind of sport in which the participants would feel the need for performance-enhancing drugs.
"The nature of cricket hasn't made doping a high risk. To run between the wickets that fraction of a second faster: historically, cricketers haven't felt the need to bolster their performance by using performance-enhancing drugs.
"Having said that, with T20 coming to the fore, we recognise that potentially it could become a bigger risk going forward. Slowly and surely, you'll see the volume of tests that we conduct increasing," he added.
Bernard Kenny, who tried to stop a right-wing extremist from murdering MP Jo Cox, has been described as "brave and selfless" following his death.
His son Phil Kenny, 58, confirmed his father died on Monday morning.
Former miner Mr Kenny, 79, was seriously injured when he was stabbed as he intervened when Thomas Mair attacked Mrs Cox in his home village of Birstall, West Yorkshire, in June 2016.
Tracy Brabin, who was elected MP for Batley and Spen after the death of Mrs Cox, told the Press Association: "My heartfelt condolences go out to Bernard's family at this sad time.
"I hope they will take comfort in the fact that Bernard will forever be remembered as a true hero, both as a member of the miners' rescue team and as a constituent of Batley and Spen who risked his life to protect Jo Cox.
"Bernard was brave and selfless, we will never forget him."
Mr Kenny was awarded the George Medal for his bravery this June, and said he was "honoured to receive such an award".
He was included in a list of bravery awards along with the two West Yorkshire Police officers who arrested Mair.
Pc Craig Nicholls and Pc Jonathan Wright both received the Queen's Gallantry Medal.
After Mrs Cox's murder there were numerous calls for Mr Kenny to be honoured, including a petition aimed at securing him the George Cross - the highest possible civilian honour.
At Mair's trial at the Old Bailey, the jury heard that the pensioner was waiting for his wife outside the library in Birstall when he saw Mair going "berserk".
He said in a statement to police: "I thought if I could jump onto the back, I could take him down.
"I thought he was thumping her until I saw the blood. I saw he had a knife in his hands. It was what I call a dagger. The blade was about nine inches.
"Just as I got short of him, he turned around and saw me. He shoved the knife in and it hit me in the stomach. The blood started pouring out between my fingers. I saw the blood and I thought 'Oh my God'."
Mr Kenny described Mair's actions as a "pure act of evil".
After the attack, more than 80,000 people signed an online petition calling for Mr Kenny to be awarded the George Cross for his bravery.
Mr Kenny, who shared a birthday with Mrs Cox, worked as a miner for 40 years and is a former member of the Gomersal Mines Rescue team which tried to save victims of the Lofthouse mine disaster in 1973.
Neo-Nazi Mair was given a whole life sentence for the murder of Mrs Cox, and was also found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm to Mr Kenny and possession of a gun and dagger.
Photo by Danny Nichols
To hear Kiss frontman Gene Simmons tell it, he invented a variant of the devil's horns hand gesture. To that effect, he filed an application with the US Patent and Trademark Office on Friday to trademark a thumb out version which he claims was first used in commerce on November 14th, 1974 while touring.
As The Hollywood Reporter points out, Simmons is seeking to trademark the hand gesture for “entertainment, namely, live performances by a musical artist; personal appearances by a musical artist.” Peruse the application here. It includes a drawing of the hand gesture, which you can check out below.
It's highly debatable, to say the least, whether Simmons was the first person to use the iconic hand gesture for commercial purposes. For example, John Lennon himself uses it in 1969 on the Yellow Submarine album cover, as well as the 1982 reissue sleeve of the “Yellow Submarine/Eleanor Rigby” single. Ironically, in American Sign Language the gesture means “I love you”, something the writer of “Calling Dr. Love” might've looked into before filing the application.
Brisbane: Australia will play Germany in the opening round of the Davis Cup World Group on hard court in Brisbane in February, organisers said Monday.
The tie is expected to pit two of the world's leading young players against each other – Australia's Nick Kyrgios and Germany's Alexander Zverev, the current world number four.
Kyrgios led Australia to the Davis Cup semi-finals this year, while Zverev had his best year on tour, winning 55 matches and five titles, including two ATP Masters 1000 trophies.
"Our tie against Germany will be no mean feat and the boys will need to be in their very best form," Australia captain Lleyton Hewitt said.
The clash will take place from 2 to 4 February at the Pat Rafter Arena.
By Hayden Wright
When the Rolling Stones were humble upstarts bumming around London, they achieved fame thanks to appearances on BBC programs like Saturday Club, Top Gear, Rhythm and Blues and The Joe Loss Pop Show. Those early performances contained songs that were never recorded or released commercially, but helped build a following that exploded by the mid-60s. The Stones will immortalize those formative years on a new compilation titled On Air, featuring never-before-heard songs and some Rolling Stones classics.
Related: The Rolling Stones Debut Psychedelic Lyric Video for ‘She's a Rainbow'
The songs have been remastered by a special process called “audio source separation.” This means the radio audio has been de-mixed and each element isolated, so that each one can be “rebuilt, rebalanced and remixed to achieve a fuller, more substantial sound.”
The deluxe edition of On Air features 32 tracks in total, from ” (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction” to “The Spider and the Fly” and three Chuck Barry covers. Even die-hard Rolling Stones fans may not recognize some song titles from the full track list, since they've all but disappeared from the band's catalog until now.
As part of the announcement, the Stones have released “Come On” from a 1963 appearance on the Saturday Club broadcast. Check it out below.
1. Come On, Saturday Club, 1963
2. (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction , Saturday Club, 1965
3. Roll Over Beethoven, Saturday Club, 1963
4. The Spider And The Fly, Yeah Yeah, 1965
5. Cops And Robbers, Blues in Rhythm, 1964
6. It's All Over Now, The Joe Loss Pop Show, 1964
7. Route 66, Blues in Rhythm, 1964
8. Memphis, Tennessee, Saturday Club, 1963
9. Down The Road Apiece, Top Gear, 1965
10. The Last Time, Top Gear, 1965
11. Cry To Me, Saturday Club, 1965
12. Mercy, Mercy, Yeah Yeah, 1965
13. Oh! Baby (We Got A Good Thing Goin'), Saturday Club, 1965
14. Around And Around, Top Gear, 1964
15. Hi Heel Sneakers, Saturday Club, 1964
16. Fannie Mae, Saturday Club, 1965
17. You Better Move On, Blues in Rhythm, 1964
18. Mona, Blues In Rhythm, 1964
Bonus Tracks (Deluxe)
19. I Wanna Be Your Man, Saturday Club, 1964
20. Carol, Saturday Club, 1964
21. I'm moving On, The Joe Loss Pop Show, 1964
22. If You Need Me, The Joe Loss Pop Show, 1964
23. Walking The Dog, Saturday Club, 1964
24. Confessin' The Blues, The Joe Loss Pop Show, 1964
25. Everybody Needs Somebody To Love, Top Gear, 1965
26. Little By Little, The Joe Loss Pop Show, 1964
27. Ain't That Loving You Baby, Rhythm And Blues, 1964
28. Beautiful Delilah, Saturday Club, 1964
29. Crackin' Up, Top Gear, 1964
30. I Can't Be Satisfied, Top Gear, 1964
31. I Just Want to Make Love To You, Saturday Club, 1964
32. 2120 South Michigan Avenue, Rhythm and Blues, 1964
A Winter Storm Warning has been issued for much of the Red River Valley, and eastward to the Ontario border. The warning area includes Morden-Winkler-Morris-Altona-Emerson regions on the west side of the Red River.
Snow is currently falling throughout much of North Dakota, and will spread into Southern Manitoba Monday afternoon and into the evening. Snow will increase in intensity tonight before tapering off by midday Tuesday.
The highest snowfall accumulations are expected in the southern Red River Valley, and over southeast Manitoba where 10 to 20 cm are possible by midday Tuesday. Storm totals of 20 to 25 cm are possible along the U.S. border toward Sprague and Lake of the Woods area.
“It's important to note, the western Red River Valley including Winnipeg, will receive a good shot of snow from this storm,” explained CMOS Accredited Weathercaster Chris Sumner. “10 to 20 centimetres is a possibility, and those regions in the Warning are will experience gusty, northerly winds meaning reduced visibility and challenging driving conditions potentially starting Monday night and continuing into Tuesday.”
Meanwhile Southwestern Manitoba is forecast to receive 5 to 10 centimeters from this storm.
In addition, northerly winds of 40 to 60 km/h will develop Monday evening reducing visibility in blowing snow especially over the Red River Valley and in open areas.
In behind this Colorado Low, an arctic airmass will build into Southern Manitoba bringing with it below average temperatures for this time of year, but lots of sunshine.
“Starting Tuesday daytime highs will be 6 to 8 degrees below normal for this time of year, somewhere in the -17 to -21 range depending on where you are in Southern Manitoba,” said Sumner.
The DSSSB Recruitment 2018 application process which helps recruit primary teachers in 4,366 vacancies under MCD has started on the official website of Delhi Subordinate Services Selection Board (DSSSB), Delhi - dsssbonline.nic.in.
The applicants must ensure that they have an Aadhaar card or they must apply for one, as it is mandatory for a candidate to bring the Aadhaar at the time of examination. The applicant must be Class 12th passed or Intermediate or its equivalent from a recognised board with two years Diploma/ Certificate Course/ in Elementary Teacher Education Course/ Junior Basic Training or equivalent or Bachelor of elementary education from a recognised institution.
Steps to apply:
– Visit the official website -dsssbonline.nic.in
– Register first
– The registration number will be generated
– Login with the required credentials
– Fill the application form, pay the online fee and complete the application process
– Download the confirmation page and take a print out for future reference
You can directly register online here - https://dsssbonline.nic.in/Registration.aspx
You can directly login here - https://dsssbonline.nic.in/
The application fee for the Unreserved/ OBC Category is Rs 100 and for SC/ ST/ PH/ Women/ Ex-serviceman there are no fees required.
DSSSB Recruitment 2018 - Vacancy Details
Total Posts – 4n366
Unreserved – 1610
OBC – 1286
SC – 714
ST – 756
Applicants are advised to read through the official advertisement to ascertain their eligibility. The age of the applicant should not be maximum 30 years although age relaxation rule apply as stated in the advertisement above. The selected candidates will receive a salary of Rs 9,300 – Rs 34,800 with grade pay of Rs 4,200. The selection of the candidates will be done on the basis of One Tier examination scheme. In 2017, the DSSSB had declared 9,293 teacher vacancies. Candidates who were interested were asked to apply by visiting the official website.
He strode across the stage toward his new manager and grabbed his new jersey. Giancarlo Stanton never hid his desire to be a Dodger, but childhood dreams do not involve the luxury tax. And so Stanton buttoned up the pinstripes of the New York Yankees on the first day of the winter meetings, a representation of the biggest ticket item on the market coming off the board.
“Sometimes, things just spiral out of place,” Stanton said as he stood at a podium in the resort in Lake Buena Vista, Fla., where the meetings are being held. “And you need to find a new home.”
Eager to escape a situation in Miami he described as lacking direction and stability, Stanton jolted the baseball industry with his new destination. The arrival of the reigning National League most valuable player in New York also underscored the financial restrictions facing the Dodgers this winter after five consecutive years exceeding the majors' luxury-tax threshold. After supporting the game's largest payroll every season since 2014, the Dodgers may practice this restraint this winter in preparation for next offseason, when Clayton Kershaw could join fellow superstars Bryce Harper, Manny Machado and Josh Donaldson in free agency.
Disinterested in bloating their budget and lacking major holes, the Dodgers have yet to make a substantial move this winter. That pattern could hold through this week and into the spring. Andrew Friedman, the team's president of baseball operations, identified the bullpen as his club's most pressing concern. Still, he conceded the team needed to practice “creativity” in order to take on “significant, substantial commitments.”
“There are definitely ways that this winter can play out where we make a few bigger moves,” Friedman said. “But I also think there are scenarios in which this winter plays out where there aren't moves of substance, and it's more on the margin.
“Our thought process is we're really happy with the talent base that we have right now. And so anything that we do that makes it better we'll obviously be very happy about. We're not going to try to force anything.”
The strategy represents a shift from last winter, when the Dodgers handed out $192 million to re-sign Justin Turner, Kenley Jansen and Rich Hill. Friedman connected the aggression of that offseason to the calm of this one.
“We consciously did a lot of our heavy lifting last winter, recognizing that we were locking a core in place for the foreseeable future,” Friedman said. “And we were happy about it then. We're happy about it now.”
The optimism is well-earned. The Dodgers won 104 games last season and reached Game 7 of the World Series. The depth in the starting rotation is impressive and the lineup is mostly set.
Despite the faith in their roster, the team still pondered the feasibility of adding Stanton, who led the majors with 59 home runs in 2017. An attempt at fiscal creativity could not bridge a gap with the Marlins, who were attempting to shed Stanton's 10-year, $295-million contract.
Stanton held a full no-trade clause. As he bartered with Miami's new ownership, now led by Derek Jeter, he provided a list of four teams he would accept: the Dodgers, the Yankees, the Houston Astros and the Chicago Cubs. Having never played in the postseason, Stanton prioritized an opportunity with a contender, which was why he selected the four participants in the league Championship Series, explained his agent, Joel Wolfe.
The Marlins attempted to leverage Stanton into changing his mind, and brokered trades with the San Francisco Giants and St. Louis Cardinals. During a meeting last week, Marlins officials told Stanton that if he did not accept a trade to St. Louis or San Francisco “he would be in Miami for the rest of his career,” Wolfe said. Stanton was not intimated. “Look at him,” Wolfe said. “I don't think he takes anything as a threat.”
The bluff failed. Unable to sway Stanton, the Marlins re-engaged with the teams on Stanton's list. The Dodgers' payroll remained an issue. With their luxury-tax payroll number estimated at $205.5 million, above the $197 million threshold that triggers penalties, the Dodgers needed to unload contracts for players like Scott Kazmir, Brandon McCarthy and Adrian Gonzalez to make the trade palatable.
“They were never able to make a deal with the Marlins,” Wolfe said. “So we were never presented with them as a viable option. That's about all I can say.”
Added Stanton: “I'm not sure how aggressive they were.”
Stanton understood the Dodgers finances. Wolfe joked that Stanton could lecture at a conference after studying the intricacies of the situation. With Kershaw, Kazmir, Gonzalez, McCarthy, Logan Forsythe, Yasmani Grandal and Hyun-Jin Ryu all entering free agency after 2018, the Dodgers will improve their flexibility significantly. Even if Kershaw is likely the highest priority, they can spend elsewhere.
But Stanton did not want to wait. In 2014, he fractured his orbital bone after being hit in the face with a fastball. A lesson stuck with him after the wounds healed. Stanton wanted to maximize the opportunity in front of him, rather than tempt fate again.
“It was a consideration,” Wolfe said. “But he has this attitude that life is fleeting. We don't know where we're going to be in a year.”
He will not be a Dodger. He will be a Yankee, for the next decade, as Wolfe insisted Stanton did not intend to opt out of his contract in 2020. The Yankees were reportedly willing to pay $265 million for the privilege of employing him.
The Dodgers were forced to pivot. They could engage Miami about outfielder Marcell Ozuna. They could revisit Pittsburgh's interest in trading former MVP Andrew McCutchen. Or they could stand pat, address a few minor concerns and head into 2018.
“You look around our team, there are not very many obvious areas to address,” Friedman said. “That being said, of course we're still going to be opportunistic.”
andy.mccullough@latimes.com
Twitter: @McCulloughTimes
TORONTO – Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne says she would welcome U.S. President Donald Trump‘s education secretary to visit the province's public schools if she chooses to reschedule a cancelled visit.
Wynne says she was looking forward to an opportunity to show Betsy DeVos a strong, publicly funded education system – even though she doesn't agree with some of her positions.
DeVos advocates for school choice, including vouchers that allow kids to attend charter schools – which are publicly funded but privately operated – or private schools on the public dime.
READ MORE: Donald Trump's controversial education secretary to visit Ontario
DeVos has also attracted protests recently for revoking a guidance that instructed colleges on how to handle sexual assault cases, saying the previous policy was unfairly skewed against those accused of assault, and for the department of education rolling back rules allowing transgender students to use school restrooms of their choice.
Ontario teachers' unions expressed concerns about DeVos' planned visit, which she cancelled this week the day before it was set to begin, citing scheduling issues.
READ MORE: University students turn backs on Betsy DeVos during speech at grad ceremony
The NDP called on the government to not allow DeVos to tour schools in the province – a position Wynne says she doesn't understand.
“I don't agree with the positions that Secretary DeVos has taken in the past, that's true, but I think that's all the more reason to have an opportunity to showcase what we do in our schools and how strong a publicly funded education system can be,” Wynne said Friday.
“So I honestly don't understand why we would want to hide that under a bushel. I would think we'd want to celebrate the success of our publicly funded education system.”
General manager Ozzie Newsome wanted to change the look of the Baltimore Ravens' wide receivers, and he did so by putting as much faith as money into new targets for quarterback Joe Flacco.
The Ravens invested a total of $15 million of guaranteed money into their wide receiver project, the latest addition being Willie Snead after the New Orleans Saints reportedly declined to match the offer sheet.
Baltimore is also placing plenty of confidence in Snead, Michael Crabtree and John Brown, all of whom are coming off arguably the worst seasons of their careers. They combined for 1,009 yards receiving last year, a total that was topped by 11 wide receivers.
Former Saints WR Willie Snead is expected to be the Ravens' top slot receiver in 2018 despite recording just eight catches for 92 yards last season. Chuck Cook/USA TODAY Sports
Crabtree managed 618 yards with the Oakland Raiders, his fewest receiving yards for a full season in his nine-year career. Brown totaled career lows with 21 receptions and 299 yards receiving with the Arizona Cardinals. And Snead was limited to personal worsts with eight catches for 92 yards.
The Ravens were compelled to change after struggling with one of the worst passing attacks in franchise history. Baltimore ranked No. 29 in the NFL in passing (189 yards per game) and last in yards per attempt (5.7).
Baltimore's wide receivers produced the fourth-fewest receiving yards in the NFL last season with 3,235. Only the Chicago Bears, Buffalo Bills and Indianapolis Colts managed fewer. The Ravens parted ways with receivers Mike Wallace, Jeremy Maclin and Michael Campanaro as a result.
Baltimore's hope is that Crabtree will bounce back after catching passes from a banged-up Derek Carr last season. In 2015 and 2016, Crabtree had over 80 receptions and 900 yards.
"Just the physicality that he brings, and I think his route running, too, with how much strength he runs with -- and he seems to bring a lot of those things," Flacco said. "You can tell just by throwing with him a couple times [that] he's smooth."
Brown replaces Wallace as the big-play receiver deep downfield. He ranked No. 9 among wide receivers in 2015 and 2016 with a 15.4-yard average. His biggest problem has been staying healthy.
"With John, a couple years ago when he really came on the radar, you got to see just what he can do, game-breaking with his speed and all that," Flacco said. "I almost hate to bring up his speed, just because I really do think he's a really good wide receiver. After talking to our quarterbacks coach, James [Urban] and a couple guys from around the building, they really, really believe that he's the real deal. I'm excited about him."
With Snead, the Ravens are banking on him once again being a top slot receiver after getting out of Sean Payton's doghouse. Snead was targeted only 16 times last season after being thrown 205 passes in 2015 and 2016.
All of these additions don't preclude the Ravens from selecting a wide receiver in the first round of Thursday's draft. Crabtree's deal is structured in a way that he might be in Baltimore for only one year, and Brown joined the Ravens on a one-year deal.
To address the big picture of Baltimore's wide receiver position, the Ravens could take Maryland's D.J. Moore or Alabama's Calvin Ridley, especially if they trade down from the No. 16 overall pick. In the past six drafts, the Ravens have used a pick in the first three rounds on a wide receiver only once (Breshad Perriman in 2015).
The Navi Mumbai Police on Monday arrested Rajesh Patil, nephew of former Maharashtra finance minister Eknath Khadse, in the kidnapping case of assistant police inspector (API) Ashwini Raju Gore aka Ashwini Bidre.
According to a report in The Hindu, the police made the arrest after questioning Patil for hours over two days in connection with Bidre's disappearance. She was last seen on 15 April, 2016. A missing person complaint was registered on 14 July, 2016, and a case of kidnapping was filed on 31 January this year.
Patil was arrested from Jalgaon, Khadse's stronghold. According to a report on Mumbai Mirror, the police said that Patil, son of Khadse's sister, owned several businesses including hotels, construction and farms in Jalgaon.
The police had earlier arrested the main accused, inspector Abhay Kurundkar of the Thane Rural Police, who allegedly had an affair with Bidre, the report said.
According to a police official quoted by The Free Press Journal, "The call records of Patil, Kurundkar and Bidre show that they were at the same place on the day she was last seen. Several calls were exchanged between Patil and Kurundkar and they were with Bidre at her last location at Mira-Bhayander. It is not yet known whether Bidre is alive or dead."
Kurundkar has been remanded to police custody until 15 December. According to the report, he and Patil had met when the former was posted in Jalgaon. Khadse was quoted by The Free Press Journal as saying, "The police should conduct a fair inquiry. I am confident that Patil will come out clean."
Patil has been charged with kidnapping or abducting in order to murder (Section 364), criminal intimidation (Section 506 (2), adultery (Section 497) and voluntarily causing hurt (Section 323) of the Indian Penal Code.
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
Mumbai: The board of India's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank has ordered an independent probe into allegations of 'conflict of interest' and quid pro quo in bank's MD and CEO Chanda Kochhar's dealing with certain borrowers.
There are allegations of involvement of Kochhar and her family members in a loan provided to Videocon group on a quid pro quo basis.
It was alleged that Videocon Group pumped money into NuPower Renewables, a firm owned by Deepak Kochhar, husband of Chanda Kochhar.
Last week, market regulator Sebi had served a notice on Kochhar on dealings of the bank with Videocon Group and Nupower.
The enquiry was ordered by the board, at its meeting yesterday, on a complaint by an anonymous whistle-blower against Kochhar, the bank said in a regulatory filing today.
"...the enquiry to be headed by an independent and credible person (will) examine and enquire into an additional anonymous whistle-blower complaint...," it said.
The scope of enquiry would be comprehensive and include all relevant matters arising out of and in course of examination of the facts and wherever warranted, use of forensics/email reviews and recordal of statements of relevant personal, it said.
The enquiry, the bank said, will be conducted by an 'independent and credible' person.
The whistle-blower had alleged that the bank's MD and CEO had not adhered to provisions relating to code of conduct of the bank and legal and regulatory provisions relating to conflict of interest over a period of time and also alleged quid pro quo in the course of Kochhar's work in dealing with certain customers/borrowers of the bank.
Interestingly in April, the board had expressed full confidence in Kochhar and ruled out any quid pro quo as alleged with regard to certain loan given to Videocon group.
The regulator filing, which came on Wednesday after close of stock market, further said the enquiry will cover all "connected matters" in the course of investigations to bring the matter to a final close.
In keeping with the whistle-blower policy of the bank, its board mandated the audit committee to appoint an independent and credible person to head the enquiry and also define the terms of reference, including timeline.
There are also allegations that NuPower got investments of Rs 325 crore from Mauritius-based Firstland Holdings, a company owned by Nishant Kanodia, son-in-law of Essar Group co-founder Ravi Ruia.
The investments from Ruia's son-in-laws firm into NuPower started in December 2010. Incidentally, the same month ICICI Bank was lead banker in a consortium of Indian banks that extended a $530 million loan to Essar Steel Minnesota LLC on 29 December, 2010. This loan was later classified as NPA.
The Reserve Bank in its 2016 investigation in the matter had raised questions over the ownership of the Mauritius-based entity, First Land Holding, which had invested Rs 325 crore in NuPower.
Also, there was no clarity over the alleged Rs 64-crore loan (unsecured fully convertible debentures) given to NuPower by Supreme Energy, which was 99.99 percent owned by Videocon chief Venugopal Dhoot at that time.
While Chanda Kochhar sat on the credit committee that approved the loan to Videocon, there are allegations of conflict of interest in her husband's brother, Singapore-based Rajiv Kochhar, performing debt-restructuring work on errant corporate borrowers from ICICI, including Videocon.
The restructuring wasn't commissioned by the bank but by the borrowers.
Interestingly, the board of ICICI Bank expressed full faith in Chanda Kochhar, whose current tenure as CEO is set to end on 31 March, 2019. It had reviewed credit approval processes and found them to be robust, according to a 28 March filing by the bank.
Two-man passing between Bobby Ryan and Kyle Turris ends with Ryan tapping it in on the doorstep to give the Senators a 4-3 overtime win in Game 3. (0:20)
BOSTON -- Despite surrendering a three-goal lead, the Ottawa Senators posted a 4-3 overtime victory over the Boston Bruins in Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first-round Stanley Cup playoff series on Monday at TD Garden.
The Senators' Bobby Ryan scored a power-play goal at 5:43 of OT to give Ottawa a 2-1 series lead.
The Senators and Bruins were on a serious collision course in Game 3. Jim Rogash/Getty Images
Boston's injury-riddled roster and lack of depth were on display in the loss.
Editor's Picks Bruins' McAvoy learning on the fly With the Bruins down four defensemen because of injuries, rookie Charlie McAvoy -- whose skill set has been compared to P.K. Subban's -- made his NHL debut and had an instant playoff impact.
Rask is up to the task Tuukka Rask was mostly a bystander in Boston's 2011 Cup run. Now, even with a battered blue line in front of him, he wants nothing more than to lead the Bruins to a title as a No. 1 netminder.
First-round preview: Senators vs. Bruins Whichever team emerges from this series has the potential to become a playoff dark horse. All all needs is hot goaltending. So which one will win? It's going to be tight. 2 Related
The Senators did not score in the first period in either of the first two games of the series. Ottawa coach Guy Boucher said before Game 3 that the stat didn't mean much to him because it's all about the final score. Still, creating an early lead on the road is important for the Senators, and they were able to accomplish that with a 2-0 lead after the first period. Ottawa added another goal early in the second before Boston produced a dramatic comeback.
The Bruins erased a three-goal deficit in the second period on goals by Noel Acciari, David Backes and David Pastrnak (power play), and the score was 3-3 after two periods.
Overall, the Bruins need to allow goalie Tuukka Rask to see the puck better moving forward.
Makadara MP George Aladwa has been arrested.
Mr Aladwa was arrested Friday night from him Buru buru home, minority whip in the National Assembly Junet Mohamed said.
Mr Mohamed who is also the Suna East MP said the Mr Aladwa is currently being held at the Directorate of Criminal Investigation headquarters.
A series of arrests that began after the swearing in of Peoples' president Raila Odinga on January 30th at Uhuru park. Ruaraka MP TJ Kajwang was the first to be arrested and self-declared National Resistance General Miguna Miguna followed on Friday morning. As several MPs security detail was withdrawn.
Aladwa's reason for arrest is still unknown.
B.C. Civil Liberties Association, IIO B.C. and Complaints Commission for the RCMP to host lessons
A series of workshops about British Columbian's rights when deadling with the RCMP are heading to the north, led by three organizations that often act as “watchdogs” of police.
The B.C. Civil Liberties Association, along with the Independent Investigations Office of B.C. (IIO) and Complaints Commission for the RCMP will tour through Terrace, Smithers and Prince George, offering two hour workshops to community members.
There, residents will learn about the rights they have when interacting with police in B.C., as well as information on what each organization does.
The workshops come about one year after results of a review of RCMP in Northern B.C. was released by the federal complaints commission, which found that there was a perception of RCMP bias against Indigenous people and a lack of trust in Mounties throughout the region.
The report also found issued with policy compliance by RCMP oicers, and the need for more robust training and supervision.
“These problems are not insignificant, as they directly affect RCMP accountability,” commission chairperson Ian McPhail said in the report.
“By raising awareness of the commission and its mandate, and taking a more direct involvement in the investigation of public complaints, we hope to improve public confidence in both the RCMP and the public complaint process.”
@ashwadhwani
ashley.wadhwani@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Roberta L. Morrill, 79, of Roxana, died at 7:40 a.m. Tuesday, Dec. 27, 2016.
Private services were conducted at Marks Mortuary in Wood River. Burial was in Wanda Cemetery in South Roxana.
Gene Peters, 59, of Granite City and formerly of St. Louis, died at 7:38 a.m. Friday, April 14, 2017, at Barnes Hospital in St. Louis.
Visitation will be 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. Wednesday, April 19, at Irwin Chapel, 3960 Maryville Road in Granite City. Funeral Mass will be 11 a.m. Thursday, April 20, at St. Elizabeth Catholic Church in Granite City.
Jane Fonda gets ready for a slice of cake at the Eight Decades of Jane in celebration of her 80th birthday.
Getty Images
Blake Ferguson (centre) has been cleared of a shoulder injury and is set to play on Saturday. (AAP)
Sydney Roosters winger Blake Ferguson has been cleared of a shoulder injury and is set to face the Wests Tigers on Saturday.
The Sydney Roosters have avoided a back-three injury crisis with winger Blake Ferguson cleared of a shoulder problem.
The Roosters on Monday gave Ferguson the all-clear for Saturday's NRL clash with the Wests Tigers despite hitting the turf awkwardly after catching a bomb in last weekend's loss to Melbourne.
"It looked pretty nasty there, I think he was probably in shock more than anything, coming down that hard," skipper Boyd Cordner said.
"I think he was checking to see if it was still there.
"He's had physio and I don't think it's too serious."
The loss of Ferguson would have been a big blow to the Roosters just three games out from the finals with fullback Michael Gordon (pectoral) and winger Daniel Tupou (groin) on the sidelines.
Gordon is due back in the next two weeks while Tupou is hopeful of being back for the first week of the finals.
"I thought he popped his shoulder when he first did it," halfback Mitchell Pearce said.
"Luckily it's not, it would have been a real struggle losing both wingers going into the finals. Having him on board is going to be huge."
Five teams who lose their best players every year
These five European clubs have mastered the art of selling their best players and replacing them with ease.
@Naveen_R_Joseph by Naveen Ravi Joseph Top 5 / Top 10 14 Aug 2017, 20:53 IST
Three players in the picture above have left Monaco this summer and the other two could follow suit
If you look at recent Premier League history, you will see two instances of top teams struggling to live up to expectations following the departure of star players.
The first, in 2013/14, when Tottenham lost Gareth Bale and struggled massively to fill the void left by their talisman and the second, in 2014/15, when Liverpool failed to replicate their amazing performance from 2013/14 following the departure of Luis Suarez.
What this shows are that it is never easy to replace your best players. So spare a thought for those clubs who constantly lose their best players to Europe's richest and finest.
Take Monaco for example. The defending Ligue 1 champions built a young and strong squad with considerable effort but have already lost a major core of that team. Bernardo Silva and Benjamin Mendy joined Manchester City and Tiemoue Bakayoko joined Chelsea. There is also the possibility that they could lose the most wanted prodigy in football, Kylian Mbappe.
Monaco have only been in this situation for a couple of seasons now; there are several clubs across Europe who have seen other clubs poach their best talents year in year out and here are the top five teams who keep losing their best players every year.
Honourable mentions: Sevilla, FC Porto, Schalke 04, AS Monaco and PSV Eindhoven
#5 Ajax FC
Tottenham's centre-back pair also played together at Ajax
Gone are the days when Ajax were a European superpower and also one of Europe's supreme talent factories. Now, they are only the latter.
The Dutch giants gave the world some supreme talents in the 70s and have continued to deliver on the same line. The emergence of players of the highest order like Johan Cruyff, Marco van Basten, Frank Rijkaard, Edgar Davids, Wesley Sneijder and several more players over the years is a testament to the quality of their youth setup.
Despite producing such world-class players, Ajax have struggled to keep hold of them every year. The Dutch club reached the final of the Europa League last season with a very young squad but they have already lost their captain Davy Klaassen to Everton, Kenny Tete to Olympique Lyon and if rumours are to be believed, they might lose their Colombian defender, Davinson Sanchez, as well.
Three of Tottenham Hotspur's key players, Christian Eriksen, Toby Alderweireld and Jan Vertonghen are products of the Ajax academy. In addition to these three, some other major players sold by Ajax in the 2010s include Arkadiusz Milik (Napoli), Jasper Cillessen (Barcelona), Daley Blind (Manchester United), Timothy Fosu Mensah (Manchester United) and Luis Suarez (Liverpool).
The hearings on Capitol Hill last week with U.S. State Department officials clearly indicated that the U.S. Congress and Donald Trump administration do not see eye to eye on Turkey.
In recent months, U.S. lawmakers increased their attempts to punish or pressure Turkey over the imprisonment of American citizens, such as pastor Andrew Brunson, and used fifth generation F-35 warplanes as a bargaining chip.
Another lawmaker, Senator Chris Van Hollen, a democrat from Maryland, succeeded in placing additional sanctions on F-35 deliveries within the U.S. State Department draft appropriations bill, requiring Turkey to stop the purchase of the Russian S-400 missile system.
The U.S. Defense Department is already unhappy about these congressional attempts. One U.S. defense official told an American TV channel last month that U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis was personally engaging lawmakers to remove anti-Turkey language from the defense authorization bill.
The State Department, on the other hand, earlier this year convinced Senator Jeanne Shaheen and others that Turkish courts might have released Brunson in May, and in return Shaheen retracted the then-intended sanctions. Their expectations proved to be fruitless. As a Turkish judge later remanded Brunson, senators came up with fresher and bolder sanction ideas like the F-35s. Their intent was hitting Turkey where it would hurt.
Indeed, it could hurt Turkey, but it also complicates and has a broader impact on the F-35 program, of which Turkey is not only a customer but also a production partner. While Trump and Mattis are trying to convince President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to purchase more American weaponry, the U.S. Congress is busy preventing Ankara from buying up to 100 F-35s, which are essential to maintain the program.
It was evident in two congressional hearings last week that the Trump administration was diverging from Capitol Hill. During a hearing at the Senate Appropriations Committee, Senator Van Hollen fired one question after another at Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, pressuring him to acknowledge his opinion on the F-35 issue. Pompeo deferred the questions with the usual talking points, warning his counterpart about the risks associated with the S-400s systems. Van Hollen, frustrated at the response, asked for a more definitive statement from him on the F-35s, though Pompeo maintained his diplomatic attitude, "It's a very complex situation, Senator," he said. "We're certainly reviewing it. We've spoken to the Turks a great length."
Another senior State Department official made it clear that the administration did not need sanctions against Turkey.
Assistant Secretary of State Wes Mitchell attempted to calm the Senate Foreign Relations Committee by underlining the fact that Turkey's two F-35s, which were officially delivered last month, would have stayed in the U.S. until 2020. There was no need for Congress to rush legislation about it.
Mitchell went on against the sanctions, emphasizing that the State Department had enough authority to make its own decision without additional mandatory legislation.
He said: "We have watched developments on the Hill, we know some of what's being considered on F-35. We believe that we have existing legal authorities that would allow us to withhold transfer under certain circumstances, including national security concerns. Given that, we believe that we continue to have the time and ability to ensure Turkey does not move forward on S-400 before having to take a decision on F-35." After these exchanges, Shaheen and Senator Lindsey Graham traveled to Ankara to meet Erdoğan. Following the meeting, both senators made positive statements about their expectations for Brunson and the importance of bilateral relations.
Shaheen's tweet was particularly attention grabbing. She said Erdoğan was receptive to her concerns:
"I'm in Turkey to help build a constructive dialogue with President Erdoğan on the cases of Americans wrongfully arrested and other issues of mutual concern. President Erdoğan was receptive to my and @LindseyGrahamSC's concerns."
Brunson is scheduled to appear at court on July 18. His possible release, pending trial, could change to trajectory of Turkish-American relations for the better. Yet, there are risks. If the U.S. Congress begins to think that its draft sanctions delivered his release, we could see more and more draft sanctions against Ankara for other issues. Congress should be aware; Turkish officials, who have a very nationalistic constituency, could be less receptive to these demands in the future.
Look around you. Have you noticed? Babies and pregnant women seem to be everywhere. And for good reason, Millennials have overtaken Baby Boomers as the largest generation. Within the next decade, 64 million of them will become parents. We're on the cusp of a nationwide baby boom. But in advertising, the stork's already arrived.
Our industry skews younger than just about any other. According to the US Department of Labor, the average age for advertising is 38. For the majority of other industries, it's around 42, which means, like most things, we're ahead of the curve. But the sad truth is we are not prepared and we've already seen what that does to the pipeline of women into leadership.
When we at The 3% Movement conducted our "What Women Want" survey last year, we were surprised to learn that only 39 percent of the over 300 respondents were mothers. A statistical anomaly? Apparently not. Our recent "Elephant on Mad. Ave." survey (with double the number of respondents) had the exact same results: Only 39 percent were mothers. By comparison, nearly 80 percent of college-educated women in this country are mothers. What's this mean? Women leave our industry in droves once they become mothers. We want more women in leadership, but they simply aren't there. Yep, Houston, we have a problem.
Of those few women left in advertising who are mothers, nearly 50 percent reported that it negatively affected their career. Additionally, 45 percent reported they weren't considered for certain assignments and 33 percent said they were excluded from specific meetings and events because they were mothers. Sadly, 28 percent took shorter maternity leaves than they were entitled because they thought it would hurt them professionally.
We are in the midst of a benchmarking study around family-friendly policies across our industry and were dismayed to learn that most agencies offer less than twelve weeks of paid maternity leave, few offers paid paternity leave, and none offer paid child care. Flexible work solutions exist, but only on a case-by-case basis. Anecdotally, we are hearing from young women that they are fleeing the industry before they have children to the more family friendly environment of the brand side or starting their own agencies as Cindy Gallop recommended they do at our recent conference. Young men? A recent study by EY indicated that over 70 percent of new fathers changed jobs to find better work/life balance. This isn't just a women's issue.
When it comes to innovating work/life integration solutions agency heads cry, "The client! The client!" Our answer? "The talent! The talent!" This brain drain means our industry is losing out on the diversity that leads to creativity that results in true long-term profitability. Smart agencies are looking ahead of the curve and planning accordingly.
In my book, "Work Pause Thrive: How to Pause for Parenthood Without Killing Your Career," I profile Traci Armstrong, senior vice president of global talent acquisition at GTB, who launched a "returnship" program for mid-career professionals who paused to care for family. The 10-week program offers training and support to women who are ready to recommit to their careers. Since inception, 100 percent of the women have been hired by GTB and, according to Armstrong, they are quickly filling the pipeline to leadership.
Other agencies are rethinking their parental leave policies to make them more competitive in our industry and beyond. 72andSunny has expanded its leave to six months for both women and men. It is one of 20 agencies that have taken the Pledge Parental Leave, an initiative lead by UsTwo, which asks agencies to commit to three months of paid leave, three months of uninterrupted medical coverage, six months job security and an openly available policy for others to emulate.
These are just a few of the examples from forward-thinking agencies that understand we need to support the next generation of mothers and fathers to thrive at work and at home. There are solutions out there to help ensure you aren't on the losing end of the talent wars.
—Lisen Stromberg is author of "Work Pause Thrive: How to Pause for Parenthood without Killing Your Career" and chief operating officer at The 3% Movement.
2018 LEN EUROPEAN JUNIOR CHAMPIONSHIPS
16-year-old Hungarian Ajna Kesely started off the 2018 LEN European Junior Championships in Helsinki with a bang on Wednesday, winning a pair of gold medals in the women's 400 IM and 800 freestyle. Last year at the championships in Netanya, she won five gold medals.
She first swam the 400 IM, establishing a lead on the second length of fly and never relinquishing it throughout the race. She was nearly six seconds clear of the field at the halfway mark, and easily came in for the win in 4:41.55, dropping her previous best time of 4:42.53 by nearly a second. Last year she swam strictly freestyle events at this meet, so this was her first title in this event.
In the race for 2nd, Germany's Yara Sophie Hierath turned 5th with 50 metres to go but her final split of 30.83 was enough to bump her up into the runner-up spot, registering a 4:45.75 to lower her previous best time by over four seconds. Lili Horvath also went the best time to put two Hungarians on the medal stand in 4:45.88, edging out Spain's Alba Vazquez Ruiz (4:46.01).
Back in action at the end of the session, Kesely successfully defended her 800 free title in 8:30.43, breaking her meet record of 8:31.81 set last year. Currently, she sits 4th in the world this year with her 8:25.82 from the Hungarian Championships. Germany's Celine Rieder (8:32.54) was close behind in a PB for silver, and Italian Giulia Salin (8:34.50) won bronze.
Another busy Hungarian on day 1 was Kristof Milak, who won six medals last summer in Netanya. The 17-year-old first qualified 3rd in the 50 fly semis in a time of 23.84, with Russians Andrei Minakov (23.66) and Daniil Markov (23.82) leading the way.
He then won the men's 400 freestyle, using a 56.14 final 100 to move up from 3rd and capture gold in 3:50.00, just over a second off his 3:48.71 personal best. Russian Ilia Sibirtsev earned his second best time of the day for silver in 3:50.74, and Johannes Calloni (3:51.14) of Italy and his Russian teammate Aleksandr Egorov (3:51.35) also put up PBs for 3rd and 4th.
Milak was back in the water approximately 20 minutes later in the men's 100 back semis, posting the best time of 54.67 to qualify 3rd behind Russia's Kliment Kolesnikov (53.99) and Romanian Daniel-Cristian Martin (54.30). Kolesnikov was the silver medalist last year, and has made great strides since including breaking the world record in the SCM version of the event and going the 2nd fastest time in the world this year at the Russian Championships in 52.97.
In his fourth and final swim of the night, Milak ended up back in 6th in a tightly bunched 50 fly final, finishing .05 outside of bronze in 23.82. Minakov won the event in a new best of 23.56, with Norwegian Tomoe Zenimoto Hvas earning silver in 23.68 and Markov the bronze in 23.77. Hvas set a new Norwegian national record in the prelims in a time of 23.59.
OTHER FINALS
After dropping a personal best of 31.52 in the women's 50 breast semi-finals, Great Britain's Tatiana Belonogoff won the final in 31.29, edging out German Anna Elendt (31.36) and Slovenian Tina Celik (31.57).
won the final in 31.29, edging out German (31.36) and Slovenian (31.57). Russia prevailed victorious in the men's 400 free relay in 3:18.21, with Kolesnikov's 48.32 anchor enough to get them by the Italians, who took silver in 3:18.79. Germany won bronze, and the defending champions from Poland had a notable 48.69 anchor from Jakub Kraska en route to finishing 5th. The 2017 silver medalist Hungarians failed to final after electing not to use Milak in prelims.
en route to finishing 5th. The 2017 silver medalist Hungarians failed to final after electing not to use Milak in prelims. The Russian women won their 400 free relay in 3:43.03, with their top split coming from Elizaveta Klevanovich (55.16). Germany took 2nd in 3:44.82 with a 54.80 anchor from Maya Tobehn, while Italy won bronze (3:45.39).
OTHER SEMI-FINALS
A vanilla shortage could put a damper on the sweetest day of the year.
Valentine's Day at Munson's Chocolate's in Bolton means thousands of dark and milk chocolate treats heading out to loved ones.
"I got everything that she likes, I got coconut, fudge, chocolate," said shopper Tom Stanley.
But a bitter truth for sweet treat industry owners is dealing with the rising price of vanilla.
"It's always something we are always keeping an eye on," said the store's owner Karen Munson.
Munson said she is not surprised to hear vanilla prices have more than tripled since last year; rising from $30 to $80 a kilo to up to $450.
"It's really the norm," said Munson.
Reasons for price hikes vary.
In Madagascar, where nearly 80 percent of vanilla in the United States comes from, issues arise from harvesting because farmers tend to pull beans before they're ready in fear they might be stolen, which decreases the amount of usable crop.
"Weather is one of the biggest factors that affects things, then there are other markets that are buying up at large quantities that are anticipated in the united states market," said Munson.
Video Evacuation Lifted for 200K Threatened by California Dam
Vanilla isn't the only ingredient known to fluctuate.
"Nuts for example, if there are bad crops, fruits," said Munson.
Munson said ingredient market's rise and fall but it's all about planning.
"The shortage in vanilla right now hasn't really had an impact on us," said Munson.
A sentiment customers are grateful to hear, especially Stanley, who couldn't dare go home empty handed.
"She'd be a little upset, I didn't get her what she wanted anyway so, she'd be a little upset," smiled Stanley.
On Friday in Kansas City, there was little good and a whole lot of bad, and now the Vancouver Whitecaps are hoping for a little ugly — of the good kind — this week.
Anthony Blondell and Yordy Reyna showed some moments of chemistry and danger against Sporting Kansas City, and Stefan Marinovic turned aside a Sporting KC penalty just before halftime. And the defence only surrendered three goals while down two men in the second half, the same number as the full-strength squad did in the opening half of the 6-0 loss, and kept the score from being even more lopsided than it was.
That's good, right? There's something good one can take from the worst loss in team history, right?
“Nah, there's no win or positive from a six-zero loss,” said fullback Sean Franklin. “We can't take any win from that. We know we have to do better.”
He's right. There isn't much point to taking the positives from a blowout loss when you can learn so much more from the negatives.
Case in point, playing three at the back. This hasn't worked out so well. The Caps have given up nine goals and had three players red-carded when playing a formation with three fullbacks this season.
Or a defence that gave up 34 shots, 14 of which were on target, while the offence has mustered an unflattering 64 shots — total — this season.
Admittedly, the numbers were skewed by the Caps being short-handed, but the fact remains this is a team that has scored once in three games and four of its last six. The stats are staggering; the team sits last in MLS in goals per game, shots, possession, and they have the lowest offensive rating in MLS. They haven't scored at home since their season opener, getting shut out twice in consecutive games at B.C. Place, and host a team that beat them 2-1 in Salt Lake three weeks ago.
In the 341 minutes Kei Kamara has missed this season — he's still questionable for Friday's game with a groin injury — the Caps have struggled even more.
Vancouver is averaging 0.3 goals per 90 minutes, as opposed to the 1.4 goals in the 446 minutes with Kamara playing.
The numbers are ugly, but the Caps will be fine with that if they get some ugly wins, too.
“Now, it's not about the beautiful soccer. It's about how much we care about this team,” said Felipe. “It's not about putting on a good show, it's about winning. We can play ugly and win three points. In the end, no one will remember if you played beautiful or not.”
The Brazilian midfielder pointed to the 2016 season for some solace, when his New York Red Bulls recorded one win in their first eight games, but went on a 16-game unbeaten streak to end the season and capture the Eastern Conference title.
While you can take that with a grain of salt, as the Red Bulls were the reigning regular-season champions and coming off a deep playoff run, his point about staying even-keel remains.
Should the Caps lose their fourth straight game, or fail to score for a third-straight match when they host Real Salt Lake on Friday, it will put the team into a long uphill battle to make the post-season in a Western Conference full of quality teams.
“I don't think there's pressure. We're only eight games into the season. There's no need to push the panic button,” said Franklin, who played well under tough circumstances Friday in his first minutes of the season.
“We definitely have to start getting points at home, though. There's a stress and urgency to win … to get three points at home.”
After digging themselves a 3-0 hole through porous checking against Sporting KC, the Caps unravelled when captain Kendall Waston lost his cool on a late challenge of Roger Espinoza — he was incensed that the K.C. player went down under little or no contact — and screamed at the prone Honduran. It sparked a melee that resulted in two red cards to the Whitecaps — Yordy Reyna and Efraín Juárez were sent to the showers — and made it three players the Caps have had ejected on video assistant replay this season.
Waston's yellow and the reds to his teammates were both correct according to MLS rules, and highlight another issue that's plagued the team: discipline.
Vancouver is fourth overall in total cards issued this season with 17, and tied with the winless Seattle Sounders with three reds. They were tied for third in red cards last season, led the league in 2016, and were second overall in total cards in 2015.
The passion that makes Waston such a dynamic player is also the trait that gets him into trouble, as the Costa Rican centreback leads the MLS in red-card ejections since 2015.
Coach Carl Robinson and his players went to great lengths this week in training to stress their awareness of emotional discipline and its role in some of their losses.
“When you're playing with nine, it's an uphill battle, We've got to keep our focus; we've got to keep 11 players on the field, and that's where the emotional control comes in,” said Robinson. “Irrelevant whether they're red cards or not, we need to be better at keeping 11 men on the field.
“We're not a team of stars, we're a collective team. But when the collective is shortened by one or two, then it becomes even more difficult.”
Plenty of blame and criticism has been levelled at Robinson this week, and the pitchforks will be out in force should there be another negative result on Friday, but will go a long way in exposing the character and resilience of a team with 17 new faces this season.
“I've asked them for a reaction,” said Robinson. “I hope they were as disappointed as I was. Because it hurt, and it's got to hurt. You love to win and you hate to lose.”
NEXT GAME
Friday
Real Salt Lake (3-3-1, 5th West) at Vancouver Whitecaps (3-4-1, 6th West)
7:30 p.m., B.C. Place Stadium, TSN, TSN 1040 AM
0
From director Silas Howard (who has directed episodes of Transparent, This is Us and Pose), the family drama A Kid Like Jake follows Brooklyn parents Alex (Claire Danes) and Greg (Jim Parsons), whose bright and highly creative son Jake just happens to prefer Disney princesses and skirts to toy cars and jeans. And while Jake's “gender expansive” behavior is no big deal to his parents, his gender non-conformity does seem to play a role in the process of navigating New York City's hyper-competitive private school system, leaving Alex and Greg split in their opinions on how to handle the situation and determine what's right for their kid. The film also stars Octavia Spencer, Priyanka Chopra and Ann Dowd.
During this 1-on-1 phone interview with Collider, Emmy Award-winning actress Claire Danes talked about why she wanted to be a part of telling this particular story, how A Kid Like Jake seems so light and fuzzy compared to her Showtime TV series Homeland, what a joy it was to work with co-star Jim Parsons, why this set was a pinch me moment, every day, and what the vibe on set was like, with the story centered around such a young child. She also talked about how her pregnancy will allow the writers of Homeland to have more time to figure out how to wrap up the series with Season 8, and the mixed emotions in saying goodbye to a character that she's played for so long.
Collider: I thought this was such a beautifully told, completely human story.
CLAIRE DANES: Oh, thank you very much!
You work so hard on Homeland, for a big chunk of your year, that I would imagine you get really picky about what you do in your time between seasons. So, what was it that made you want to be a part of telling this particular story?
DANES: Well, it was just a beautiful script. It's not all that often that you find a script where the characters are this nuanced, the language is this beautifully crafted, and the dialogue was so musical and authentic. It was a play, originally, and I think it was adapted really beautifully, with scenes that are so dialogue rich. You just have lots of time to spend with characters talking and being with each other. That was very appealing. And I, of course, happen to be a New York mom with a four-year-old son, or he was four, at the time, and I'd just gone through that gauntlet of applying to schools in New York City. That is, unfortunately, all very true. That's pretty specific to this culture, but there's obviously this idea about gender norms, and conforming or not conforming. I just thought it was a really wonderful portrait of a family and a marriage, and I thought it was really interesting that these heady ideas that are so politically charged are explored in such a human, intimate way. I invited a bunch of my friends to the premiere, and they were yelling at me afterwards because I had told them that it was a comedy. Compared to Homeland, it seemed so light and fuzzy. They were like, “You really misrepresented this. You smile sometimes, but I don't think we can safely say that that's what this is.” I still think there are really fantastic comedic elements, but it's a little more complex.
I loved how real and honest the relationship between this couple is. You can tell that they love and they care about each other, but they also drive each other nuts, which seems pretty natural.
DANES: Yeah, I think they're just scared. It's a really interesting time for a family, when the child turns five. I think of it as an exiting of Eden. You're safe in your little bubble until you're jettisoned out into the world and are subject to all of these labels and categorization and evaluation. It can be really intimidating and shocking. People often panic, even when there isn't some overwhelmingly obvious issue at play. It's unnerving to send your kid off into the world.
What was it like to also have someone like Jim Parsons to explore this with? What did you learn about him, as an actor, from working with him?
DANES: Oh, he's the best! I talked about the writing when you first asked me about what drew me to the project, but I also knew that I'd get to play that beautiful language with Jim, who is so deft with all that stuff. He's so technically proficient, but also has so much soul. That's really unusual, and it was such a joy to get to work with him.
You share scenes with some pretty incredible women in this film, from Octavia Spencer to Priyanka Chopra to the absolutely lovely Ann Dowd. What are the memories that you took away from working with those women?
DANES: Oh, every one was wonderful! It was a pinch me moment, every day, going to work with the caliber of talent. Everybody was so lovely. This was not a money gig. We were there because we all really loved the story. Ann Dowd is just a dynamo. She's an improvisational virtuoso. It was really fun to just field this barrage of passive-aggressiveness. Priyanka is just so charming and so kind. Octavia is obviously just insanely good at what she does. She's so present, and she's very generous and alive. It made my job very easy.
What was it like to have Silas Howard as the director, especially when you're working with a child? How did the vibe on set feel?
DANES: Oh, it was loose, especially with a kid. There was a big question about how to film Jake because, in the play, he's not featured, at all. In the movie, we really needed to introduce him, as a character, because it would have been very weird, if he wasn't present, at all. I think the focus really was always meant to be on everybody around Jake. They're in a tailspin, but he's fine. So, they were just careful about shooting him directly. There was just always a fabric around him, or they'd shoot him from surprising angles or from behind. We just played and improvised, and the DP was always moving his camera around and just collected a lot of raw material that they would make sense of in post-production. I had a four-year-old, who's five now. My son, Cyrus, came to set a lot and got to be friends with Leo [James Davis], who played Jake. I was so much in the habit of playing with a boy that age that it wasn't a stretch for me. In fact, Cyrus and Leo, and I would be playing Duck, Duck, Goose, in between takes. The cameras could have just been constantly rolling.
This is a delicate story that's so beautifully told. I really loved the feeling of just acceptance that the movie leaves you with, and the feeling that this kid is going to be okay.
DANES: Yeah, without being maudlin or cute, which I was glad for. Not everybody is gonna be okay, and I love that, too. All of the characters are clearly well-intentioned, loving, and decent, and they falter in their fear, which is unavoidable. They hurt each other because they're desperate. To be with them through that ugliness, move with them, and arrive on the other side, is really beautiful.
You recently said that Season 8 of Homeland would be the last. Have you talked about an ideal ending for the series?
DANES: Oh, gosh! I have no idea. The writers don't know. And now, I'm pregnant, so we start a little later than we would have, normally. They have a little more time to dream it up, so we shall see. Your guess is as good as anybody's.
Does it seem like a scary thing to say goodbye to a character like that, that you've played for so long, or is it a combination of scary and exciting?
DANES: Yeah, I think it's a combination. That was also a nice thing to talk to Jim about. He's on a very different kind of television show, but also a very long-running one. We were on our respective hiatuses, about to start our penultimate seasons, and were already starting to brace ourselves for that. It's such a specific experience. There aren't that many people that you can that that through with. I think it's gonna be a mixed experience, for sure.
A Kid Like Jake is in select theaters on June 1st.
“GST has shown the spirit of cooperative federalism. The nation has come together to support GST and the role of technology has also helped,” said PM Narendra Modi.
We are nurturing our youngsters to be job creators and not job seekers, says PM Narendra Modi.
We can reach Mangalyaan within 9 months, this is our capability, but one rail project was stuck for last 42 years, say PM Narendra Modi.
Share:
LOS ANGELES-Reese Witherspoon has called on Hollywood to support more female moviemakers.
The 42-year-old actress - who has been a vocal supporter of the Time's Up movement - thinks it's important that the film industry becomes more accessible to people with different perspectives and different stories to tell.
Speaking to Fast Company, Reese explained: ''You feel like you can't expect every movie to be made by the same 20 men and feel like you're getting different stories.
''I mean, we talk about the male gaze versus the female gaze ... women tell stories in different ways. What if we had that kind of powerful storytelling from other perspectives, that was just as viable commercially, how can we change the world? And I really think we can.''
In 2015, Reese spoke of her determination to support more women from different backgrounds as they pursue their dream of working in the entertainment industry.
The Academy Award-winning star - who owns a production company called Hello Sunshine - suggested that a lot of the inequality issues are deep-rooted in American society.
She explained: ''I feel like it starts very young. Women who are writers and women who are directors are not getting those critical internships when you are 18, 19, 20, 21. I mean ... just looking around, I'm standing on set looking for the female interns, Latin American interns.''
''When we were doing 'Hot Pursuit' we had these Latin American writers. I mean, it was so hard to find a Latin American comedy writer. I'm calling everybody who runs a TV show.
''We need to develop the talent when they are 18, 19 years old and that responsibility is on us, our companies, other people in this audience that own companies. Let's find these young women.''
Alexander Warren Langley is only two months old but he's already had a taste of Canadian military history.
Alexander was part of a family reunion of sorts as descendants of Lance Bombardier Warren John Edwin Langley gathered for a ceremony this week at the Brantford Armouries. They were there to see the Second World War veteran's Memorial Cross Medal, which was recently purchased off e-Bay and returned to Brantford.
"It's kind of neat to think that with the medal there were four generations of us together at the armouries," said Langley's grandson, Warren Langley, 57, of Brantford.
"I always knew that I was named after my grandfather and I knew a little bit about him but not a whole lot."
Warren Langley, his son, Jason, and grandson Alexander were there to see the medal, which was purchased by an anonymous buyer. The medal is being turned over to Brantford's Canadian Military Heritage Museum where it will be on display.
"There was a thought of trying to keep the medal in the family but we're cool with the idea that it goes to the museum," Langley said. "Everyone will have a chance to see it and remember."
Lance Bombardier Langley and his wife, Nettie, lived at 212 Bruce St. He was stationed in England with the 69th Light Anti-Aircraft Battery of the 4th Regiment of Artillery for more than a year when he became ill. He died overseas in October 1942.
A resident of Brantford for 10 years before enlistment, Langley worked in the road department of the Canadian National Railway. According to the Second World War Album of Honour for Brant County, the Langleys had a son named Brian Charles, who was five when his father went overseas.
When Langley's Memorial Cross was put on sale on e-Bay, Dave Thomson, of St. George, launched an effort late last month to raise money to purchase it and bring it back to Brantford. His fundraising effort didn't last long because an anonymous buyer purchased the medal for $260 and then contacted Thomson. Other donors have stepped up to help cover the buyer's expense.
Mike O'Connell, a great nephew of Langley, has been researching his family tree for years. He saw stories about the medal in The Expositor and contacted family members.
O'Connell and Carol Vipond, Langley's niece, also attended this week's ceremony. Debbie Kew, a granddaughter of Langley, is in Florida and was unable to attend.
Thomson is delighted with the result of the public campaign to bring the medal home.
"It was gratifying to see so many members of Langley's family there," he said.
Thomson also is grateful for the support of Sgt. Grant Philpott and the rest of the 56th Field Artillery at the ceremony.
"Everyone there could see and feel the importance of this piece of the unit's history is to them," he said.
Thomson noted that members of the 56h Field Regiment presented funds to the anonymous buyer, who then donated the money to the military heritage museum.
"The whole evening was a class act all around."
Vball@postmedia.com
twitter.com/EXPVBall
A recent letter from Philip Chapman says Trump keeps his promises but, in the long run, most of his promises are short-sighted and others — think Trump-GOP tax cuts — are disastrously expensive at best; all of which makes the callback of 500 workers to Granite City Steel, and other places, very costly. Moreover, layoffs continue as an April 12 cheatsheet.com article reported that “These Companies Started Laying Off Employees Right After Taking Trump's Tax Cuts.”
Looking past Trump slogans, we see that Trump's new debt, added to existing debt created by the tax cuts of Presidents Reagan and G.W. Bush — $11.6 trillion accrued interest from 1981-2017 (treasurydirect.gov) — continues America's dependence on foreign buyers of American treasuries, including the Chinese, all of which makes America dependent on the benevolence of foreigners and does not “Make America Safe Again.”
Mr. Chapman gives credit to Trump for an unemployment rate of 4.1 percent; however, that credit is misplaced, according to the Jan. 11, 2017, Wall Street Journal article, “As Crisis That Vexed Obama Fades, Trump Will Benefit,” which says, “Ironically, Mr. Obama steps down as the recovery from that crisis is largely complete, which could leave Mr. Trump to preside over the longest expansion since World War II.” When Bush left office Jan. 20, 2009, the unemployment rate was 7.8 percent and climbing, but in 2010 it began to decline each year until it reached 4.8 percent by January 2017.
Thus, the Obama administration presided over reduced unemployment without issuing tax cuts to the wealthy.
Barney Murrell
Bethalto
For the third time in a month, an involuntary patient has gone missing from St. Joseph's Hospital at 100 West 5th.
READ MORE: Hamilton police search area for missing St. Joe's patient
Van Khanh Luong, 45, was last seen leaving the hospital grounds at about 5:30 p.m. Tuesday. He was wearing a red or orange hoodie, blue pants, and black shoes while carrying a handbag.
READ MORE: UPDATE: Hamilton Police find man they describe as violent and dangerous
Hamilton police do not believe Khanh Luong is a threat to the general public.
If you see him or have information, police ask that you call 911.
Earlier today, Rhino announced that they will reissue LCD Soundsystem's self-titled album as well as 45:33, This Is Happening, and London Sessions. As it turns out, all of those titles have been available for years on the DFA web store. LCD Soundsystem released a statement today asking that fans continue to buy their records from DFA and NOT Rhino. Here's what the band had to say: “LCD Soundsystem certainly aren't announcing shit, as they had no idea that these were even coming out. Just buy the records from DFA, like you have been able to for years.”
A press release issued by LCD Soundsystem's PR points out that Rhino described the band as “one of the freshest sounds on the London underground scene in the early 2000s.” Hmm…
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Italy is engulfed in political and financial turmoil of a kind not seen since the euro zone's debt crisis at the start of the decade.
The country has searched for a government since inconclusive elections, with two anti-establishment parties the latest to fail to form a ruling coalition, after the president demanded a change in their cabinet lineup.
With repeat elections likely to lead to a eurosceptic government in Rome, long-dormant speculation about an Italian exit from the euro has resurfaced.
The European Central Bank does not see a need to react for now, however, because key financial indicators have yet to show signs of acute stress.
Here are some examples of the indicators ECB President Mario Draghi and his colleagues are likely to be monitoring:
BOND SPREAD
This spread measures the premium investors demand for holding debt issued by Italy over that of top-rated Germany.
It is considered a gauge of investor nerves about Italy's debt situation.
While this spread has widened markedly in recent weeks, it's still at roughly half the record levels hit in 2012, before Draghi pledged to do "whatever it takes" to save the euro.
BETS ON QUITALY
Economists, including at the ECB, have used the price of credit default swaps on government debt in euros and dollars to gauge whether investors were betting on a country leaving the euro zone.
For Italy, this gauge of redenomination risk is even higher now than it was at the height of the debt crisis.
BANK-TO-BANK LENDING
The rate at which banks are prepared to lend to each other is a measure of their mutual confidence.
In Italy's case, it is not showing any change and Italian banks, like their peers in large euro zone countries, are still paying a negative interest rate -- that is, they are actually getting paid -- to borrow against collateral. This is the result of the ECB keeping its own deposit rate below zero, effectively charging banks for their idle cash to spur them to lend.
Unlike during the financial crisis, however, banks are now mostly lending to one another against collateral via repurchase agreements, or repos.
Repos are a safer form of credit because the lender gets to keep the collateral -- in Europe, typically a high-rated government bond such as Germany's -- if the borrower can't pay back.
USE OF ECB CASH
If banks run out of the best collateral, they can always turn to the ECB, the euro zone's central bank.
So far, however, they haven't. This is probably due to the 2 trillion euros ($2.33 trillion) of cash the ECB has already pumped into the system over the past three years via its bond-buying stimulus programme.
Banks, particularly in richer countries like Germany and France, are replete with money and even happy to pay a small price to lend it out and avoid depositing it at the ECB overnight at a penalty rate.
This means few need to borrow from the ECB overnight.
Demand at the ECB's weekly auction, where banks can borrow at zero percent, has also dwindled to next to nothing.
We will only know in several weeks if Italian depositors have started withdrawing their cash and it will be up to the Bank of Italy to say if any lender has asked for Emergency Liquidity Assistance.
This is a relatively expensive cash lifeline granted to solvents bank that lack the investment-grade-rated collateral needed for regular ECB auctions.
April's data, however, showed they did not need much cash at weekly auctions.
BANK SHARE PRICES
Italian banks have seen their stock prices plummet over the past week as investors marked down the value of the Italian bonds on their balance sheets and saw the odds on Greek-style financial turbulence shorten.
The value of a bank's equity is key for its ability to raise capital on the market and extend loans against it, and is closely watched by the ECB, which is also the top banking watchdog in the euro zone.
Shares in Italian banks are still worth much less than they were before the financial crisis, reflecting their struggle with unpaid loans and a domestic economy growing more slowly than that of neighbouring countries.
But the ratio between their share price and the stated value of their book -- a gauge of investor confidence in the health of their balance sheet -- is now close to where it was in 2008 and not far from par.
($1 = 0.8581 euros)
(Reporting by Francesco Canepa; Editing by Catherine Evans)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If basking in the sunshine while enjoying the high life in luxury hotels appeals then this could be the dream job for you.
The Mexican beach resort of Cancun is recruiting a different kind of CEO - a Cancun Experience Officer, to promote luxury tourism.
The successful candidate will get paid £45,000, and not even have to fork out for rent - you'll be put up in luxury hotels throughout the role.
The advert, on Cancun.com, reads: "As CEO, you will get the chance to swim with whale sharks, explore the jungle, investigate ancient ruins, and much more.
"Over a period of six months, you'll research, capture, record, and represent the destination for Cancun.com."
The applicant must have a "unique eye for capturing stories, a warmth in interacting with others, a self-motivated work ethic, and a dedication to producing high-quality work."
To be considered, you must be aged over 18 by January 1, 2018 to apply. But there's no upper-age limit. A decent little retirement job then?
Candidates must be fluent in written and spoken English.
If you think this job is the one for you, you can apply on the Cancun.com website. Applications close on December 17, 2017.
B'nai Brith's annual report on anti-Semitism in Canada, released Tuesday, touched upon what has been, in my view, the major transformation of Jew hatred in Canada since the Second World War.
That is that today, the threat comes as much — if not more — from the extreme left, aided and abetted by so-called progressive politicians who pander to Jew-haters in their opportunistic search for votes, as from the extreme right, where so-called conservative politicians historically pandered to neo-Nazis and white supremacists for the same reason.
The difference is that today, while our governments, universities, media and police have relatively little problem condemning Jew hatred by such groups as neo-Nazis and white supremacists in the so-called alt-right, they do not condemn with equal force the same hatred when it comes from such groups as Islamist extremists and Arab nationalists in the so-called alt-left.
As an example, consider the speed, moral force and unanimity with which the Canadian intelligentsia rightly condemned Jew hatred by neo-Nazis and white supremacists in Charlottesville, Va., last August, where an act of terrorism led to the death of a human rights protester.
Now compare that to their chronic timidity, reluctance and hesitation to condemn Islamist terrorism in the same way.
Or consider their intellectually dishonest portrayal of the so-called Antifa (anti-fascist) movement as the moral opposite of neo-Nazism and white supremacy, when Antifa is riddled with elements that are violent and anti-Semitic in their hatred of Israel, viewing the world's only Jewish state as the “Little Satan” of the Mideast, in cahoots with the “Great Satan” of America.
Before we go further, let's make a few things clear.
While B'nai Brith identified a record 1,752 documented incidents of Jew hatred in Canada last year involving harassment, vandalism and violence — a 1.4 per cent increase over 2016 — compared with most other nations, Canada is a haven of tolerance and acceptance of Jews. The vast majority of Canadians, of all backgrounds, are not anti-Semitic.
Secondly, criticizing Israel is not automatically evidence of Jew hatred. Some of the harshest criticism of Israel comes from Jews in Israel, particularly with regard to its treatment of the Palestinians and its actions in Gaza and the West Bank.
As B'nai Brith rightly states in its report, “criticism of Israel, similar to that levelled against any other country, should not be regarded as anti-Semitic.”
But, as B'nai Brith also correctly observes, criticism of Israel that constantly and exclusively subjects it to a higher moral standard of conduct than any other nation on earth, like the heinous Boycott Divestment and Sanctions campaign — and, I'd add, so-called Israeli apartheid weeks on university campuses – is anti-Semitic.
Our Parliament acknowledged that in February 2016, when a motion by Conservative MP Tony Clement was passed, with the admirable support of all Tory MPs and, at least in this instance, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and most Liberals who showed up to vote condemning the BDS movement for promoting “the demonization and delegitimization” of the Jewish state.
Again, not all critics of Israel are Jew haters — but all Jew haters criticize Israel.
Today, the threat to Jews, both in Canada and globally, comes at least as much from the Jew haters on the left, as it has come, historically, from the Jew haters on the right. And it's time to call it out.
Anybody interested in Virtual Reality? We have a VR Gaming Podcast that's been going strong for almost a year.
It's a not-so-groovy day for horror fans. After nearly four decades, Bruce Campbell has announced that he's hanging it up as the Deadite killing Ash Williams from the Evil Dead franchise. This comes just after the announcement was made that Starz has decided to cancel Ash vs. Evil Dead after just three seasons. With no season 4 pick-up, Campbell has decided this is the opportune time to leave the role of Ash behind for good. Here's what the actor had to say about it on Twitter.
"Big props to fans for the effort, but I'm retired as Ash. #timetofrysomeotherfish"
This was in response to fans who have been begging Netflix on social media to save Ash Vs. Evil Dead. As Bruce Campbell says, he has not necessarilly bigger, but different fish to fry now that the show is over. He's been playing the role of Ash since the first Evil Dead was released in 1981 and, while Campbell has a very long list of credits to his name, that role has always been his calling card. For fans, it's tough to hear that he's leaving it behind.
Director Sam Raimi and Bruce Campbell began working on The Evil Dead in Detroit together in the late 70s and shot it on a shoestring budget. The movie eventually found a massive audience on home video and that led to an eventual sequel, that is essentially a remake of the first movie but in a very self-aware way, Evil Dead II. Once that happened, Ash Williams had cemented his place as a genre icon, but he had plenty more to give. Campbell would reprise the role five years later in the comedic Army of Darkness.
Ash Williams is the only character to appear in every entry of the Evil Dead franchise. The character made a very brief cameo, via a post-credits scene, in the 2013 remake. Just a few years later, Sam Raimi and Bruce Campbell hatched a plan to bring Ash to the small screen in Ash vs. Evil Dead. The show has been incredibly well-received by fans, but unfortunately didn't do all that well in the ratings department. So it looks like that will be the last time we see the character on screen, at least as portrayed by Bruce Campbell. But this feels like a role that Hollywood dare not ever recast.
In addition to the movie and TV appearances, Ash has also appeared in video games such as Hail to the King and A Fistful of Boomstick, as well as several comic book series. Perhaps most notably in 2007's Freddy vs. Jason vs. Ash, which was originally pitched as a movie, but wound up becoming a comic book once the movie fell apart. Hopefully, Ash can continue to appear in other mediums like comics even though Bruce Campbell is hanging it up. Maybe one day he'll change his mind, but if not, he's given us something truly special over all these years. You can check out Bruce Campbell's Twitter announcement for yourself below.
“Ink Master” has been renewed for an eleventh season at Paramount Network.
Season 11 of the long-running reality competition series will consist of 16 one-hour episodes and is slated to debut later this year. “Ink Master” will crown its latest winner at the Season 10 finale on April 24. In addition, “Ink Master” spinoff series “Ink Master: Angels” is currently in its second season.
“I am ecstatic to see ‘Ink Master' reach its eleventh season as it continues to be a great ratings driver for the network,” said Chachi Senior, senior vice president of original programming for Paramount Network. . “Coming on the heels of an exciting tenth season, we're psyched to give the fans another great season.”
Each week “Ink Master” puts artists through a series of tattoo challenges as they must create and execute an original tattoo on a “human canvas.” Each episode focuses on a different and distinct style of tattooing such as realism, black and gray, and American traditional. After every challenge, the contestants face a judge panel made up of series host Dave Navarro and world renowned tattoo artists Chris Nunez and Oliver Peck.
“Ink Master” and “Ink Master Angels” are produced for Paramount Network by Truly Original with Glenda Hersh, Steven Weinstock and Andrea Richter serving as executive producers. Truly Original is a subsidiary of Endemol Shine North America.
Senior and Chaz Gray, executive producer of current and original series for Paramount Network, oversee production of “Ink Master” for the network.
Twenty-four hours before Friday's first pitch of the National League division series, there was a team meeting around the Dodger Stadium mound. All the Dodgers wore official gear, except for Clayton Kershaw, who stood in the back in baggy basketball shorts and a T-shirt.
After manager Dave Roberts spoke, he turned over the floor to left-hander Rich Hill, at 37 the oldest active Dodger. Typical of Hill, he implored his teammates to exert every bit of energy they had within them.
“Go out there and bring that intensity, bring the passion, bring that aggressive attitude,” Hill said he told the Dodgers. “So when you look back years from now, we're going to not look at it in regret, but look at it as, ‘I did everything that I could to succeed.'
“Again, whether we look back at the end of the day and we can call ourselves world champions or we go home knowing that you did everything that you could as an individual to succeed, that's really it.”
Hill has employed that ethos to great success over the last two years. Languishing in independent ball during the summer of 2015, he resolved to commit himself more fully to his craft. Since he resurfaced with the Boston Red Sox that September, he owns a 2.65 earned-run average over 49 starts.
He did so by breaking with tradition and throwing more of his steep curveballs than anyone in baseball. And, late this season, as opponents caught up to him, he reversed course and pumped up more fastballs.
The pitcher opposite Hill in Saturday's Game 2 at Dodger Stadium has done the opposite. Arizona Diamondbacks left-hander Robbie Ray has reintroduced a curveball into his regular repertoire, complementing his 95-mph fastball and his strikeout slider.
“It's basically just resurrecting a pitch that was there,” Ray said.
He scrapped the curveball several years ago in the minor leagues, thinking the slider was sufficient. His 4.90 ERA last season proved him wrong. Wielding the curve and the slider, he lowered that ERA by two runs in 2017.
Arizona's Game 1 starter, Taijuan Walker, came away from watching Wednesday's wild-card game a “little tired.” He lasted one inning Friday night. Ray, who made a 34-pitch relief appearance in the wild-card game, said the outing provided him an understanding of what to expect on Saturday.
“I felt like I handled it pretty well,” he said. “I was able to control my emotions. But I feel like a start is a little bit different, knowing that you're coming into the game and setting the tone for the whole game. But I do feel like getting into that game gave me a little bit of a taste of it.”
Ten years ago Friday, Hill earned his first taste of the postseason, a failed three-inning start that ended the Chicago Cubs' season. Back then, he said, he was more results oriented. His evaluation of his performance depended on how much success he found.
Now, he said, he rates himself on his effort, and he ensures he spares no expense.
“There are no set rules,” Hill said. “When you're out there and you're playing, you improvise and you use that creativity to your advantage.”
On Friday night, he planned to immerse himself in Clayton Kershaw's intensity and, soon, exude it himself.
“You're going out there and you're putting yourself in a position to fail. But in doing that, you're giving it everything you can to succeed,” Hill said of Kershaw. “So, when you see guys going out there and whether it's a live performance of any kind — theater, music, baseball, whatever, a professional sport — you appreciate that genuine passion that they have. That's what Clayton brings.”
CAPTION In his second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. In his second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. CAPTION In his second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. In his second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. CAPTION Bill Plaschke previews game one of the NLDS between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Arizona Diamondbacks. Bill Plaschke previews game one of the NLDS between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Arizona Diamondbacks. CAPTION The 0-4 Chargers will face the 0-4 Giants Sunday at MetLife Stadium. Hear from quarterback Philip Rivers on both teams trying to get their first win of the season. The 0-4 Chargers will face the 0-4 Giants Sunday at MetLife Stadium. Hear from quarterback Philip Rivers on both teams trying to get their first win of the season. CAPTION Chargers beat writer Dan Woike has a new name for the Chargers when they return to StubHub ... For now, though, he discusses the upcoming battle between the winless Chargers and Giants with reporter Annie Heilbrunn. Chargers beat writer Dan Woike has a new name for the Chargers when they return to StubHub ... For now, though, he discusses the upcoming battle between the winless Chargers and Giants with reporter Annie Heilbrunn. CAPTION Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Clayton Kershaw on short rest and how he prepares for the playoffs. Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Clayton Kershaw on short rest and how he prepares for the playoffs.
pedro.moura@latimes.com
Follow Pedro Moura on Twitter @pedromoura
Bashar al-Assad said the United States should learn the lesson of Iraq and withdraw from Syria, and promised to recover areas of the country held by U.S.-backed militias through negotiations or force.
"The only problem left in Syria is the SDF," Assad told Russia Today in an interview aired Thursday, referring to the Syrian Democratic Forces, a militia alliance dominated by PKK terrorist group's Syrian offshoot the People Protection Forces (YPG) which is backed by the U.S.
"We're going to deal with it by two options," he said.
"The first one: we started now opening doors for negotiations. Because the majority of them are Syrians, supposedly they like their country, they don't like to be puppets to any foreigners," Assad said.
"We have one option, to live with each other as Syrians. If not, we're going to resort... to liberating those areas by force," he said.
"We don't have any other options, with the Americans or without the Americans. It's our land, it's our right and it's our duty to liberate it, and the Americans should leave. Somehow they're going to leave," he said.
"They came to Iraq with no legal basis, and look what happened to them. They have to learn the lesson. Iraq is no exception, and Syria is no exception. People will not accept foreigners in this region anymore," he said.
The SDF controls some one-third of Syrian territory mostly east and north of the Euphrates River.
Both the SDF and Russian-backed regime troops are engaged in separate operations against Daesh terrorists in eastern Syria, creating a highly volatile situation where de-confliction mechanisms have already been tested several times.
Assad also said that a confrontation between Russia and U.S. forces over Syria was narrowly avoided.
"We were close to have direct conflict between the Russian forces and the American forces," he said.
"Fortunately, it has been avoided, not by the wisdom of the American leadership, but by the wisdom of the Russian leadership."
Responding to U.S. President Donald Trump's description of him as "Animal Assad", the Syrian leader said: "What you say is what you are". Trump called Assad an animal after a suspected poison gas attack on a rebel-held town near Damascus in April.
Assad reiterated the regime's denial that it carried out the attack in the eastern Ghouta town of Douma, saying that the regime did not have chemical weapons and it would not have been in its interest to carry out such a strike.
The Douma attack triggered missile strikes on Syria by the United States, Britain and France which they said targeted Assad's chemical weapons program.
Assad has recovered swathes of Syrian territory with military backing from Russia and Iran and is now militarily unassailable in the conflict that began in 2011.
Large areas however remain outside his control at the borders with Iraq, Turkey and Jordan. These include the SDF-held parts of the north and east, and chunks of territory held by opposition forces in the northwest and southwest.
Israel, which is deeply alarmed by Tehran's influence in Syria, earlier this month said it destroyed dozens of Iranian military sites in Syria, after Iranian forces fired rockets at Israeli-held territory for the first time.
Iran-backed militias including Lebanon's Hezbollah have played a big role in support of Assad during the conflict. Iran's Revolutionary Guards have also deployed in the country.
Assad said Iran's presence in Syria was limited to officers who were assisting the Syrian army. Assad, apparently referring to the May 10 attack, by Israel said "we had tens of Syrian martyrs and wounded soldiers, not a single Iranian" casualty.
Asked if there was anything Syria could do to stop Israeli air strikes, Assad said: "The only option is to improve our air defense, this is the only thing we can do, and we are doing that". He said that Syria's air defenses were now much stronger than before thanks to Russia.
DRIVERS in Llandrindod Wells are getting caught out by two separate ticket machines that correspond to different spaces, in what appears to be the same car park.
The car park on Tudor Lane, by the old Co-operative store in the town, is actually two car parks immediately next to one another.
One is a private pay and display car park, and the other is a Powys County Council (PCC) operated pay and display car park.
This means that one half requires a ticket from a PCC machine and the other half from a private machine.
Paul Blurton was holidaying with his wife near Rhayader when he was caught out by the Llandrindod car parks.
Mr Blurton said: “As no sign said free parking for blue badge holders I went to obtain a parking ticket, which I displayed on my disabled badge.”
On returning to their vehicle the couple noticed a man, not in uniform placing parking fines on cars, including their own.
“I asked him why he had applied a parking ticket to my vehicle to which he replied that I had not displayed a parking ticket,” added Mr Blurton.
When Mr Blurton pointed out that he had bought and displayed a ticket, the attendant told him it was a ticket for a different car park.
Mr Blurton said: “I obtained the ticket from the machine that says 'pay here' above it.”
PCC'sCabinet Member for Highways, Councillor Liam Fitzpatrick said: “Until recently there were no charges within the Co-op side of the car park. However after the Co-op closed the landlord's agents implemented charges through pay and display and erected signs at the entrance to their side of the car park to highlight this.
“Our pay and display machines were recently replaced to accommodate the new £1 coin and we took the opportunity to relocate it to a more prominent position. The machine now faces inwards to our section of the car park to enhance the distinction between the two parts of the car park.
“Signs on our side of the car park point towards our pay and display machine and we feel there should be no confusion for motorists parking on the council's side which pay and display machine to use.”
The consumer rights organisation, ‘Which?' states on its website that an individual may refuse to pay a parking fine if “there were unclear or misleading signs, non-visible markings, or the ticket wasn't issued.”
Horizon Parking (private operators) was contacted for comment but did not reply before the County Times went to press.
Walkie-Talkie is a fun new way to communicate that's being introduced with watchOS 5. Apple Watch owners can use the new Walkie-Talkie app to instantly talk to available contacts by holding down a button, just like you would with a hardware walkie-talkie. The app works both over Wi-Fi and cellular connections, so you can use the app wherever and whenever you want as long as you Apple Watch has a data connection.
Here's how you'll use Walkie-Talkie on your Apple Watch in watchOS 5.
How to start using Walkie-Talkie on your Apple Watch
First things first, you'll need to get Walkie-Talkie set up on your Apple Watch. You can only connect with other Apple Watch owners.
Press the Digital Crown on the side of your Apple Watch to go to your app list. Tap Walkie-Talkie from the app list or grid layout. Tap the name of the contact with whom you wish to use Walkie-Talkie. Contacts that already have Walkie-Talkie set up will appear at the top of your list under Suggested. Tap the + button on your contacts list to add additional contacts to Walkie-Talkie.
How to send a message with Walker-Talkie
Once you've got everything set up, sending a message is really easy and involves a big yellow button.
Open Walkie-Talkie on your Apple Watch. Tap on the contact you want to speak to. Tap and hold on the TALK button and speak. Let go of TALK when you're done.
How to set Walkie-Talkie availability
If you need to be uninterrupted by Walkie-Talkie, you can turn off your availability.
Open the Walkie-Talkie app on your Apple Watch. Scroll to the top of your Walkie-Talkie contacts list. Flip the switch next too Available to the gray Off or green On position depending on whether or not you're available.
How to remove a Walkie-Talkie contact on Apple Watch
Open Walkie-Talkie on your Apple Watch. Swipe to the left on the contact you want to delete. Tap the X button to delete the contact.
How to manage your Walkie-Talkie contacts on your iPhone
If you need to, you can manage your Walkie-Talkie contacts using the Watch app on your iPhone.
Open the Watch app on your iPhone. Tap Walkie-Talkie. Tap on a contact to see their full contact card. Tap Edit. Tap the - button. Tap Remove to delete a contact from Walkie-Talkie.
Questions?
If you have any questions about Walkie-Talkie in watchOS 5, let us know in the comments.
Ufficio
Ufficio . Chef, Francesco Venditti, formerly head chef of Jamie's Italian Kitchen and Bar Buca, brings his vast experience to Ufficio by creating new and flavourful dishes that cross the line between traditional and non-traditional. Venditti says "Adding cheese to fish brings the dish to a new level. For example having mackerel with stracciatella is not something you'll see on other Italian menus but it will be a taste you will want to have over and over again.” His permissive approach allows for a vibrant and unique menu full of dishes that will have you coming back for more. A new year brings a new menu and chef to Toronto's Italian pescatarian restaurant,. Chef, Francesco Venditti, formerly head chef ofand, brings his vast experience to Ufficio by creating new and flavourful dishes that cross the line between traditional and non-traditional. Venditti says "Adding cheese to fish brings the dish to a new level. For example having mackerel with stracciatella is not something you'll see on other Italian menus but it will be a taste you will want to have over and over again.” His permissive approach allows for a vibrant and unique menu full of dishes that will have you coming back for more.
The most notable dishes on the new menu are the sustainably-sourced fish and seafood crudo as well as the grilled octopus with risotto nero and crispy calvo nero. There is also an interesting Sicilian style arancini filled with octopus bolognese and buffalo boccincini served on top of warm bagna càuda.
Johnathan at Ufficio was extremely knowledgeable in every dish on the menu. His expertise and recommendations guided us on our dining journey making it quite the memorable experience! Here's what we had:
Crudo Del Giorno - P/A
Rosemary & Garlic Focaccia - $3
Gamberi Fritti - Squid Ink Battered BC Striped Prawns with Spicy Aioli - $16
Arugula Fettucine - King Crab & BC Striped Prawns - $33
Zuppa Di Pesce All'Abruzzese - BC Clams, Mussels, Prawns, Trout, Tomato Brodo - $29
Brussels Sprouts (Market Vegetables)
Panna Cotta
I don't think any one dish stood out from the rest.
All were equally very light and tasty.
I think the main allure of the dishes at Ufficio is that they are Italian-inspired yet LIGHT.
There are no heavy sauces and cheese as one would experience at a typical Italian restaurant.
Instead, sauces are kept light and simple, garnishes are fresh, batter is light, ingredients are local and none of the flavours are overpowering.
Creating food so simply delicious is the real task at hand and I applaud Venditti for doing such an impeccable job.
Pop into Ufficio this New Year to discover creatively delicious Italian pescatarian fare. Ufficio will also be taking part in
this coming Jan 27 to Feb 9, 2017.
0
Filming is underway on Fantastic Beasts 2, and Warner Bros. has announced some new additions to the cast. Previously, we knew that a large portion of the original cast would be returning including Eddie Redmayne as Newt Scamander, Katherine Waterston as Tina Goldstein, Alison Sudol as Queenie Goldstein, Dan Fogler as Jacob Kowalski, and Ezra Miller as Credence. Pottemore reveals that Carmen Ejogo is also set to return as MACUSA President Seraphina Picquery, so hopefully they'll actually give her something to do in this movie. Additionally, Jude Law is on board to play young Dumbledore and (sigh), Johnny Depp will return to play Grindelwald.
Among the new cast announcements is that Brontis Jodorowsky (El Topo) is set to play Nicolas Flamel, who you may recall as the eponymous Sorcerer of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone who discovered the stone that could produce the elixir of life. Whether or not he'll have that stone in his possession when we meet him in Fantastic Beasts 2 remains to be seen. Other new additions include Zoë Kravitz as Leta Lestrange (glimpsed in a photo in the first movie); Callum Turner as Theseus Scamander; Claudia Kim as a woman in a wizarding circus; William Nadylam as Yusuf Kama; Ingvar Sigurdsson as Grimmson; Ólafur Darri Ólafsson as Skender; Kevin Guthrie as Abernathy; Wolf Roth as Spielman; Victoria Yeates as Bunty; Derek Riddell as Torquil Travers; Poppy Corby-Tuech as Rosier; and Cornell S. John as Arnold Guzman. Harry Potter devotees will recognize the names “Travers” and “Rosier” as belonging to Death Eaters.
Additionally, Fiona Glascott (Brooklyn) and Jessica Williams (The Daily Show) have joined the cast in undisclosed roles. Williams is a Harry Potter fan and earlier this summer, she told Stephen Colbert how she met author and screenwriter J.K. Rowling:
And here was her reaction today at the news of being cast:
HELLO THERE. I AM SCREAMING BECAUSE I AM GOING TO BE IN FANTASTIC BEASTS. https://t.co/k4UAT9y5gc — Jessica R. Williams (@msjwilly) October 6, 2017
Fantastic Beasts 2 opens November 16, 2018. Here's the official synopsis:
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Apple Inc has asked India to defer a planned increase in import taxes on mobile phone parts so it can expand its iPhone manufacturing in the country, but the government is unlikely to accede, people familiar with the matter said. A man talks on his iPhone at a mobile phone store in New Delhi, July 27, 2016. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi/FilesThe U.S. technology giant has been in talks with Indian officials for months, seeking “pre-requisites” - government tax breaks and incentives - for expanding its operations in one of the world's fastest-growing smartphone markets. During those talks, Apple has conveyed it wants India to defer an existing policy that plans to levy taxes on more imported mobile components in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's “Make in India” drive to boost domestic manufacturing. While India's government has been keen to get Apple to manufacture in India as a showpiece investment, it has told the U.S. firm there would be no policy exemptions, so there will be no tax breaks on parts imports, the people said. “Apple wants duty-free imports of components. India wants indigenization,” said one person with direct knowledge of the talks. Apple has expressed willingness to increase local value addition over time, but has stuck to its demand for immediate import tax relief to expand its iPhone manufacturing, the person added. Apple declined to comment, and there was no response from either Modi's office or the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, which is trying to help build an electronics manufacturing base. NO SPECIAL TREATMENT The disagreement could be a stumbling block, and risks delaying Apple's plans to penetrate the Indian market, where it currently just assembles its iPhone SE model. An iPhone is seen on display at a kiosk at an Apple reseller store in Mumbai, January 12, 2017. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade/FilesDespite a boom in smartphone sales in India, Apple's market share is only around 2 percent. Apple has demanded the tax relief as India still lacks an ideal ecosystem for parts makers to thrive. Counterpoint Research data shows that while more than three-quarters of smartphones sold in India are made locally, about 90 percent of the $14 billion worth of mobile components are imported. To change that scenario, India imposes a 10 percent tax on imported components such as batteries, chargers and headsets. Under a “phased manufacturing programme” (PMP), the government plans to extend the taxes to more components as a way of nudging parts makers to switch to more local production. “It's been a chicken-and-egg problem for component suppliers whether to set up manufacturing operations in India,” said Neil Shah, a director at Counterpoint. “Apple and its partners will eventually have to comply, otherwise Apple will always price its products at a premium.” A previously unreported note prepared by India's IT ministry assessing Apple's demands showed the company sought an exemption from PMP, which the ministry said “may not be feasible”. Some of Apple's other demands - including capital equipment incentives as well as allowing importing and then exporting phones after repairs - would require policy changes, according to the note. While the government has publicly said it is still considering Apple's demands, the people familiar with the talks said it has made clear it won't make any special concessions. “We have told them, please come and invest but we cannot do things that go beyond our policies. We cannot do things only for you,” said one senior government official with direct knowledge of the matter. “They are coming around (to our view).” Apple has said it would be able to create 5,000-10,000 jobs in India as and when it expands there, the official said.
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
MARCH 19, 2018 – The Navy today issued an RFP to Huntington Ingalls Industries Newport News Shipbuilding Division seeking detailed pricing on the costs of a block buy in FY2019 of the next two Gerald R. Ford-class aircraft carriers.
"This opportunity for a two-ship contract is dependent on significant savings that the shipbuilding industry and government must demonstrate," said James Geurts, assistant secretary of the Navy for research development and acquisitions.
The move was applauded by Congressman Rob Wittman (VA-01) and U.S. Senator Roger Wicker, R-Miss.
Wittman and Wicker serve as Chairmen of the House and Senate subcommittees that oversee the Navy and Marine Corps.
"The RFP released by the Navy today is a great step towards strengthening the Fleet. A dual procurement allows the U.S. Navy to build to a fleet of 12 aircraft carriers more quickly as prescribed by the FY18 National Defense Authorization Act – which established that the Navy should maintain 355 ships, including 12 aircraft carriers," Rep. Wittman said. "This dual buy would be beneficial to both the taxpayers and to our maritime industrial base as it shows that Congress is committed to the thousands of workers who build and maintain aircraft carriers every day. Smart acquisition has the potential to save $2.5 billion. We need to give the Fleet the ships it needs to meet the challenges of today and prepare for the threats of tomorrow."
"The bottom line is that this block buy will save billions for taxpayers, and the Navy is now on an accelerated timeline to meet its 12-carrier requirement," Sen. Wicker said. "I want to congratulate Secretary Spencer and his team for their bold leadership on setting this plan in motion. They have my full support, and I am confident that America's world-class shipbuilders and suppliers are up to the task."
Matt Hildreth/HI
Following an hour-long discussion Tuesday about establishing term limits for trustees of the Newport-Mesa Unified School District board, its members agreed that they want to see more research on the issue before bringing it to voters.
Adding term limits has been a contentious topic among Newport-Mesa activists in recent years. Three board candidates made it a campaign issue during the 2016 election.
The question arose again Tuesday, with 13 speakers expressing a desire for term limits to be on the November 2018 ballot.
With the help of an attorney, Michael Toy of Tustin-based Parker and Covert LLP, the board initially considered a four-term limit, or 16 years. Later, they asked Toy to gather research on how other districts establish term limits, if at all.
Supt. Fred Navarro said the discussion may continue at the July 5 board meeting.
Newport-Mesa does not have term limits. Elected trustees serve four-year terms.
“Since I've come on the board, what I think about term limits has changed,” said board President Karen Yelsey, who suggested term limits when she first ran in 2006. “I do think it takes some time to learn about education issues.”
Trustee Judy Franco, who first joined in 1979, echoed a similar sentiment. She noted that only a handful of districts in California have limits.
“It takes a number of years to learn the education code,” Franco said. “It isn't something you can just pick up and say, ‘I get it.' ”
Trustee Charlene Metoyer, who was elected in 2014 and is board's newest member, said she supports term limits.
“It's important and it's worth it,” she added.
Speakers during Tuesday's meeting said they wanted new voices and “fresh ideas” for Newport-Mesa, particularly from its minority community.
“This is something the public has asked of you many times,” said Laurie Smith, a retired Newport-Mesa teacher.
Smith said she conducted an informal online survey on the topic in May. It garnered 376 responses in favor of term limits.
Two parents from Westside Costa Mesa, which has a large Latino population, said they wanted to see a Latino on the board who could better represent them.
“Give us the opportunity to rally and strengthen our participation as parents,” Maria Alveuenga said.
Trustee Martha Fluor, a board member since 1991, said sometimes Newport-Mesa doesn't get new members because no one steps “up to the plate” to run.
“Where were the people?” Fluor asked. “What was the level of involvement? You're all talking about longstanding commitment — where were you?”
Priscella.Vega@latimes.com
Twitter: @vegapriscella
The legend — and legacy — of Ricky Ray will continue.
For one more season, anyway.
The Argos signed Ray, a sure-fire Hall of Famer once the mandatory waiting period expires, to a one-year extension Friday, giving the 38-year-old quarterback a chance to go back-to-back with Grey Cup wins before he eventually heads into retirement. Next season will mark Ray's 16th in the CFL.
“Ricky Ray will go down as one of the greatest quarterbacks to ever play in the CFL, but we are thrilled he's not done adding to his historic career just yet,” Argos general manager Jim Popp said in a press release announcing the signing. “We are very excited to welcome him back for another season in the Double Blue.”
Ray, the Argos leader in an array of passing categories, led them to the Grey Cup championship in 2017.
Ray put together one of his best seasons in the CFL, never mind the Double Blue, by passing for 5,546 yards and 28 touchdowns. He was named the East Division's most outstanding player for the third time in his career.
But Ray insisted he'd let the euphoria of winning his record fourth Grey Cup wear off before he made a decision on whether he would play in 2018. At the time he said he was “seriously contemplating retirement.”
The Argos hedged their bets on Ray's return by acquiring James Franklin from the Eskimos in December, sending offensive lineman Mason Woods west in the deal.
Franklin, a pending free agent, was signed to a two-year deal by the Argos on Jan. 5, giving them an heir-apparent to Ray.
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Man jailed, $1,431 recovered after Clare Co. robbery
Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Adam Pitt Man jailed, $1,431 recovered after Clare Co. robbery 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A 31-year-old man has been arraigned on armed robbery charges in connection with an incident in Clare County on Saturday.
Adam Pitt of Farwell is being held on an $800,000 cash or surety bond after being arraigned on charges of armed robbery, felony firearm, and resisting and obstructing police.
Deputies responded to the robbery at 11:03 p.m. Saturday at the Buccilli's Restaurant in Farwell, a media release states.
An employee who was leaving work reported being held at gunpoint by a man wearing a black ski mask. The suspect demanded the nightly banking deposits. After receiving the money, the suspect ran away.
Deputies and Clare Police, along with a K-9, searched the area and found the suspect hiding in bushes behind the Farwell Elementary School. The cash, $1,431, and a firearm were recovered.
Islamabad:- As part of preparations for next general elections, the Election Commission of Pakistan (ECP) has geared up efforts to complete its Computerised Electoral System (CERS) by the end of this month. Sources in the ECP said on Friday that number of eligible voters in the country has increased to more than 90 million as result of the national census 2017. In the light of recently enacted Elections Act 2017, the number of polling stations in the country would increase to 100,000 against 69,000 polling stations in 2013 general elections.–Staff Reporter
Likewise, the ECP has planned to train 700,000 polling staff for the smooth conduct of next general elections.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Google
SUB-BIDS REQUESTED Durham Education Center New Classroom Building 8040 SW Durham Rd Tigard, OR 97224 Bids Due: November 10th, 2017 at 3:00 PM Bid Email: oregonestimating@abbottconstruction.com Questions: Stefan Altberg, Project Manager 503-213-4033 Bid Documents can be directly downloaded from our FTP site in .pdf format free of charge. https://abbottportal.exavault.com/share/view/j469-cxpfvtli 307 SE Hawthorne Blvd., Ste 150 Portland, OR 97214 T 503.213.4033 | F 503.293.240 We are an equal opportunity ...
Venezuela's hyperinflation has turned the struggling OPEC nation's once-powerful banks into warehouses of useless cash that are worth a total of only $40 million, according to a Reuters analysis of regulatory data.
Although banks such as Citigroup Inc. and Spain's BBVA are maintaining operations in the hopes of better times, the value of the country's 31 banks in 2017 was equivalent to that of a single mid-sized bank in the Dominican Republic, according to bank regulator data.
The combination of annual inflation estimated at 8,000 percent and state-regulated interest rates has left banks with little motivation to lend and little reason to inject capital onto their balance sheets, meaning credit is steadily disappearing.
The banks are unlikely to fold, due in large part to the huge potential upside if the economy turns around, according to financial industry consultants and bank executives.
"Venezuela is a tragedy," BBVA Executive Chairman Francisco Gonzalez told reporters at a meeting in Davos in February. "Of course we do not want to leave. I trust that something will happen," he added, without elaborating.
BBVA did not respond to an email seeking further comment.
Meanwhile, the disappearance of credit threatens to aggravate an already brutal recession that has led hundreds of thousands to flee the country amid chronic product shortages, rising malnutrition and increased incidence of preventable disease.
Caracas resident Beglis Villanueva is a private-school teacher with three credit cards issued by BBVA subsidiary Banco Provincial - and a combined total credit limit of $2.
"I use them to buy bread, which is the only thing I can buy with them," she said. "They used to get me out of trouble in an emergency situation. I showed my new salary to the bank but they won't raise my credit limit."
MAKING ENDS MEET
Though private banks' return on equity hit an eye-popping 115 percent in December of 2017, that was devoured by an estimated 2,600 percent inflation in the same month. The central bank does not provide inflation statistics, and estimates are given by the opposition-run National Assembly.
Unlike previous hyperinflationary periods in Peru and Brazil, banks cannot make ends meet through hard currency operations because the country's 15-year-old currency control system makes such financial maneuvers impossible.
Venezuelan banks as of January were lending only 28 percent of their deposits, compared with an average of 100 percent in the region last year, according to data from the Venezuelan government and the Latin American Federation of Banks, or Felaban.
Citibank Venezuela began suspending accounts and credit cards to clients in 2017 as part of a strategy to minimize operations while it waited for the situation to improve, according to two industry sources.
The local affiliate of Citi reported a return on equity of -43.1 percent in December, according to regulatory data.
Citi has already sold off its consumer banks in economically healthier Colombia and Brazil to cut costs but there are no obvious buyers for the Venezuelan one. Citi declined to comment.
Neither Venezuela's Superintendence of Banks (Sudeban) nor the Information Ministry responded to emails seeking comment. As of December, Venezuelan banks on average were lending $13 per person per year, in a nation with 30 million inhabitants, compared with more than $2,000 per person in 2017 in other countries in the region, according to Sudeban and Felaban data.
For large and medium-sized companies, local private banks lend no more than the equivalent of $25,000 and in almost all cases require guarantees in dollars, said one consultant who works for large companies operating in the country.
Most of those loans are for less than 2 years, according to a banking sector executive.
The credit crunch hurts entrepreneurs like fashion designer Yenny Bastida.
This year her bank lent her the equivalent of $300 and required that she pay it back in six months - one fifth of the amount and half the duration of a loan she received in 2016 to open a second store in an elite Caracas shopping center.
"The amount is ridiculous," said Bastida, who says she now has to self-fund any growth in her business.
Apparently simply wearing pants on the beach is not enough anymore. Forget bright colours, screw frills - what you really need is a dingly dangly jewel hanging out of your crotch. Or, at least, that's what Japanese company BoDivas thinks.
Yes, BoDivas have invented what they like to call the Beachtail: a jewellery type thing that hangs out of your underwear. Why? We're honestly not quite sure.
The seemingly unhygienic crotch charm threads through the crotch of your bikini bottoms, and has little 'Swarovski crystals' that dangle down so there's something a lil sparkly to look at. Kind of like a glitzy tampon string for fancy ladies.
But we can't imagine that a metallic chain running through your undies is going to be massively comfortable at the beach - we already have sandy pants to deal with and we can't handle anything else rubbing up against our privates.
Plus, if you're worried about your panty jewellery being nibbled by fish or snagged on some coral when you're enjoying a day at the beach then fear not, because you can also wear your Beachtail with regular pants - there's no hard and fast rule with these shiny fellas.
So if your fanciest pants are in the wash and your want to jazz up your black briefs, then these crotch bijouteries will surely do the trick. The company have described their design as "very original" and "classy", so it must be true - it can only but improve your boring undies sitch.
If you're reading this and thinking yes, I do want an uncomfortable metal chain threaded through the undercarriage of my pants for everyone to see and admire, then you can buy your Beachtail from Etsy for the bargain price of £15.54. Now all you have to decide is which colour your vagina feels like wearing today!
Would you invest in a Beachtail? Let us know! @sofeminineUK
You might also like...
This Bra Is Making Underboob Sweat A Thing Of The Past
The YSL Skate Stiletto Is Fashion At Its Most Dangerous
These Adidas Pizza Trainers Are Either Going To Make You Hungry Or Horrify You
In 2014, Cameroon enacted a broad anti-terror law as part of its effort to counter the extremist group Boko Haram, but authorities are using it to arrest and threaten local journalists who report on the militants or unrest in the country's English-speaking regions.
MFWA has identified lack of effective internet-specific legal frameworks, inadequate infrastructure and high cost of data as major challenges in the internet sector in West Africa.
Free Expression Newsletter, April-June 2017: Anti-Press Incidents Decline; Policy Environment Still Regressive According to Freedom Forum, anti-press incidents have declined in Nepal since April 2017 but the policy environment is still regressive. Freedom Forum
"We Don't Have Him": Secret Detentions and Enforced Disappearances in Bangladesh Since 2013, law enforcement authorities in Bangladesh have illegally detained scores of opposition activists and held them in secret without producing them before courts, as the law requires. In most cases, those arrested remain in custody for weeks or months before being formally arrested or released. Others however are killed in so-called armed exchanges, and many remain “disappeared.” Human Rights Watch
Defamation and Insult Laws in the OSCE Region: A Comparative Study This study examines the existence of criminal defamation and insult laws in the territory of the 57 participating States of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE). In doing so, it offers a broad, comparative overview of the compliance of OSCE participating States' legislation with international standards and best practices in the field of defamation law and freedom of expression. Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe
Civil Defamation and Media Freedom in Hungary: Trends and Challenges in Court Practice in Personality Rights Cases READ AND DOWNLOADThis study analyses current trends in civil defamation and privacy cases in Hungary involving the media and summarises key challenges for freedom of the press and expression. Written by Hungarian media lawyer Bea Bodrogi, the study examined 250 court decisions related to civil protection of 'personality rights', an area in Hungarian law that includes defamation, privacy and personal image. International Press Institute
Roads to Reform: The Enduring Work of the Saudi Association for Civil and Political Rights In this report, Americans for Democracy & Human Rights in Bahrain (ADHRB) examines the contributions of ACPRA within the larger context of the movement for civil and political reform in Saudi Arabia. Americans for Democracy & Human Rights in Bahrain
Freedom in the World 2017 With populist and nationalist forces making significant gains in democratic states, 2016 marked the 11th consecutive year of decline in global freedom. Freedom House
National Mass Communications Policy 2016: A Review Freedom Forum has issued a review of Nepal's National Mass Communications Policy 2016. Among others, FF says the policy fails to articulate constitutional provisions relating to freedom of expression and mass communication. The policy, they said, also seems to promote centralided regulation, instead of self-regulation. Freedom Forum
Vietnam HRW Report: Events of 2016 The Communist Party of Vietnam (CPV) in 2016 maintained its control over all public affairs and punished those who challenged its monopoly on power. Authorities restricted basic rights, including freedom of speech, opinion, association, and assembly. All religious groups had to register with the government and operate under surveillance. Bloggers and activists faced daily police harassment and intimidation, and were subject to arbitrary house arrest, restricted movement, and physical assaults. Human Rights Watch
Malaysia HRW Report: Events of 2016 Malaysia's human rights situation continued to deteriorate in 2016, with human rights defenders, activists, political opposition figures, and journalists facing harassment and politically motivated prosecution. Those criticising the administration of Prime Minister Najib Razak or commenting on the government's handling of the 1 Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) corruption scandal have been particular targets. Human Rights Watch
India HRW Report: Events of 2016 Authorities continue to use sedition and criminal defamation laws to prosecute citizens who criticise government officials or oppose state policies. In a blow to free speech, the government in 2016 argued before the Supreme Court in favour of retaining criminal penalties for defamation. The court upheld the law. Human Rights Watch
Legal analysis of pre-trial detention of five Cambodian human rights defenders Four senior staff members of the Cambodian Human Rights have been detained in Phnom Penh since April 2016. ￼ Cambodian Center for Human Rights
Turkey: State of emergency, state of arbitrary After already cracking down on freedom of information in recent years, President Erdoğan has taken advantage of the abortive coup d'état and the state of emergency in effect since 20 July to silence many more of his media critics, not only Gülen movement media and journalists but also, to a lesser extent, Kurdish, secularist and left-wing media. Reporters Without Borders
Assessment of media development in Mongolia This publication presents the findings of the media development assessment in Mongolia that began in 2012 to determine the state of the media in the country. The assessment was based on the UNESCO/IPDC Media Development Indicators (MDIs), an internationally recognized analytical tool used to provide detailed overviews of national media landscapes and related media development priorities. Globe International Center
Facing reality after the Euromaidan: The situation of journalists and media in Ukraine “After the initial optimism during the Euromaidan movement, many journalists have become disillusioned. They are faced with the triple challenge of the war in the Eastern part of the country, the economic crisis and the digitalization of mass media.” Reporters Without Borders
Military continues to put pressure on Burmese media An officer of the Myanmar army recently filed a criminal complaint against two journalists for allegedly sowing disunity among the military. Even though mediation by the Press Council caused the military to withdraw the case, this incident demonstrates how the military continues to throw its weight to get back at what it perceives as negative publicity. Southeast Asian Press Alliance
Stifling Dissent The Criminalization of Peaceful Expression in India The government uses draconian laws such as the sedition provisions of the penal code, the criminal defamation law, and laws dealing with hate speech to silence dissent. These laws are vaguely worded, overly broad, and prone to misuse, and have been repeatedly used for political purposes against critics at the national and state level. Human Rights Watch
Media freedom yet to gain pace - 3 May Nepal report Freedom Forum
Critics Are Not Criminals Comparative Study of Criminal Defamation Laws in the Americas Committee to Protect Journalists
Nepal Media Freedom Report 2015 Media under the chilling effect of political unrest Freedom Forum
Civil society under threat: Old and new challenges for human and children's rights advocates in Eurasia In recent years, the space afforded to civil society to operate freely has been shrinking dramatically across the world, presenting a serious threat to democracy and human rights. Eastern Europe and Central Asia (EECA) have been especially badly affected by this shrinking political space. Child Rights International Network
Hard to believe that even from hundreds of miles away, what is left of Subtropical Depression Alberto is still influencing our weather here in Alabama!
Earlier, heavy pockets of rain caused life-threatening flash flooding across several of our central Alabama counties; the worst of the wet weather impacted Marion and Clanton with localized measurements of 6-8" rainfall just falling today. While conditions in the sky have improved, many roads are still considered impassable due to flood waters.
As we head into the evening, there doesn't look to be too much redevelopment of any showers and storms. Our atmosphere has become mostly stable after this morning's active weather; coverage of rain will favor many spots remaining dry, but an isolated pop-up or two on radar isn't out of the question.
By Thursday, our next system will be waiting to move into the area. This frontal boundary likely stall out near the Tennessee/Kentucky border, but ahead of it there will be some scattered activity. With a decent amount of instability and moisture level remaining high, it will be another afternoon of tracking showers and storms, but not for everyone.
As if we haven't seen enough activity to last a lifetime, more is potentially on the way. There is a low-end confidence in potential strong to severe storms by Friday afternoon; this threat could last into the weekend, but each day's forecast all depends on how much activity happened the afternoon/evening before. We'll watch it for sure and bring you updates often.
Once we head past the weekend and into early next week, our overall weather pattern doesn't chance much; sunshine looks to dominate and temperatures will be seasonable in the upper 80s/low 90s with minimal shower activity expected (with the exception of a few pop-up storms).
Copyright 2018 WSFA 12 News. All rights reserved.
MITCHELL SMYTH
DOWNHILL, Northern Ireland — It stands on the very edge of a 37-metre-high cliff, overlooking the often wild Atlantic. It's the pillared and domed rotunda called the Mussenden Temple, on the outskirts of this pretty County Derry village.
Some guidebooks say it is the single most photographed structure in Northern Ireland; others give that honour to Dunluce Castle in neighbouring County Antrim. Let's just call it a tie.
Dunluce is well documented, having been the bastion of the warlike McDonnell clan, which ruled much of County Antrim in the 16th and 17th centuries. But in many ways the lesser-known back-story of the Mussenden Temple is the more fascinating.
It's the story of one of Ireland's great eccentrics, the flamboyant 4th Earl of Bristol, who also happened to be the Bishop of Derry.
Frederick Augustus Hervey (1730-1803) was a philanthropist, scholar, artist, architect, lover of good food, an Irish patriot (though he was English-born). He was also a lover of many women, a prankster and — possibly — a spy for the British government. He was, for obvious reasons, known as the Earl Bishop, combining (in the words of one writer) “the secular and the spiritual, with a clear preference for the former.''
And to him the world owes the Mussenden Temple.
This brings us to the exotically named Frideswide Mussenden, the earl-bishop's cousin, a young lady for whom he harboured a (shall we say?) deep affection.
Rumours in County Derry to this day say the fragrant Frideswide was one of his mistresses.
Others say the fact the temple, which he built for her, was modelled on the Temple of the Vestal Virgins in Tivoli, showed he got nowhere in his amorous pursuit of her.
Hervey decided, around 1780, to have a library built for Frideswide in the grounds of his bishop's palace at Downhill, a place to which she could retire and read and look out over the Atlantic when she visited.
He had seen the Vesta temple in Tivoli, which he visited on some of his frequent European Grand Tours with his lady friends. (In his 37 years as bishop, he spent fewer than 20 years in Ireland.)
Frideswide appears not to have joined him on his European adventures. She died in 1785, two years after the temple in her honour was completed. It has been said she was mortified at the stories of her friendship with Hervey (rumours prevalent even then) and this contributed to her demise.
Hervey's palace, which locals call Downhill Castle, is now a ruin. It is much-photographed, like the temple (which of course is not a temple) a couple of hundred metres away on the clifftop.
The Great Eccentric
* The Night Crawler: The story is told of how Hervey would slip out of his bedroom after his guests had gone to bed and sprinkle flour in the corridors so come morning he could follow the tracks and see who had changed rooms in the night.
* When the diocese needed a new curate, it is said Hervey would invite applicants to his house in Derry City, get them drunk, and order them to run naked on the famed city walls. The man who got back first got the job.
* Records show the jolly bishop organized foot races, pitting his Anglican clergy against the Presbyterian ministers, who usually won, being in better shape than their portly Anglican opponents.
* Hervey spent massively on Derry city and county, much of it his own money (he had inherited two fortunes). He built or renovated churches, developed coal mining, brought new ideas to the farming industry and supervised the construction of new roads.
* The earl-bishop's European travels may not always have been innocent journeys. It is known he was jailed for espionage in Milan for allegedly reporting to the British government on French troop movements.
* The Protestant bishop was a noted ecumenical. He made a downstairs vault in the temple available for Roman Catholic Mass, this at a time when the Penal Laws discriminated against Catholics. He also dined with the Pope, and lobbied for Catholic rights.
* Hervey died in 1803, in Italy. Roman Catholic sailors in Naples refused to take the body back to England (they said he was a heretic), so the British ambassador had the body smuggled in a crate marked “Antique statues.”
NEED TO KNOW
Downhill Castle and the Mussenden Temple are just off Route A2 in north County Derry, accessed by two entrances, the Bishop's Gate and the Lions Gate. For further information, check visitcauseway
coastandglens.com.
A suspected DUI collision in the Valley Chris Yarzab/Flickr
Cars are safer than ever. Even drivers who stuff their faces into their smartphones have a good chance of surviving or even avoiding a serious crash because their vehicles often have collision-avoidance systems, almost-telepathic brakes and multiple airbags.
But even an armor-plated Volvo won't be able to save some drivers from themselves. More than a third of all traffic fatalities in Caifornia can be blamed on drunk drivers, according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA).
Yet a new WalletHub analysis, "Strictest and Most Lenient States on DUI," concludes that the Golden State has some of the nation's toughest consequences for convicted drunk drivers. California ranked first in the country in average insurance rate increases for DUI motorists, fifth for the length of DUI jail time, and sixth for the severity of driver's license suspensions.
However, the group Mothers Against Drunk Driving, which has been a key force in the evolution of inebriated-motoring laws, isn't entirely satisfied with California's laws. The group would like to see more checkpoints and expanded driver's license revocations. The organization gives the Golden State 3.5 out of 5 stars for its DUI laws.
"California still has work to do to pass the best drunk-driving laws," spokeswoman Becky Iannotta said via email. "California passed a law expanding an ignition-interlock program statewide beginning in January 2019, which will increase the number of ignition interlocks used. However, MADD strongly supports strengthening that law to make ignition interlocks a requirement — not an incentivized option — for all drunk-driving offenders. In addition, California should make it a felony to drive drunk with a child passenger."
Indeed, while the Golden State exceled in certain measures, like insurance penalties, it ranked only 21st overall nationwide in the WalletHub analysis. It ranked 31st for prevention measures and 16th for minimum fines for a second offense.
Arizona, which ranked first for criminal penalties and second for prevention efforts, topped the list of "Strictest States." The most lenient DUI state was determined to be South Dakota.
Coast-to-coast DUI laws got tougher in the 1980s and 1990s, but WalletHub analyst Jill Gonzalez says the increase in penalties plateaued after that. "There haven't been too many shifts in DUI laws since the late '80s/early '90s, when Mothers Against Drunk Driving brought this subject into the spotlight," she said via email.
"DUI legislation should tighten up in many states, as offenders still write off the severity of their actions," she said. "The fact that both police and the public are more informed about the dangers of drunk driving brought about sweeping changes in legislation, which in turn cut down drunk-driving fatalities by 57 percent from 1982 to 2014, according to NHTSA."
Auto safety developments surely played a part. But until cars can navigate roads on their own, California will have to deal with drunk drivers one way or another.
Recent reports in India said China has beefed up its troop strength in the area.
: China on Friday defended the presence of its troops in the Dokalam area, over a month after the standoff with India ended, saying its soldiers are patrolling the region, also claimed by Bhutan, to exercise Beijing's sovereignty."The Donglang (Doklam) area has always belonged to China and has been under the effective jurisdiction of China," the Chinese Foreign Ministry told PTI in Beijing in response to questions about a report that the People's Liberation Army (PLA) is beefing up troops in the area."There is no dispute. The Chinese border forces have been patrolling in the area of Donglang, exercising their sovereign rights and safeguarding territorial sovereignty according to the historical boundary," the ministry said in a written response.The 73-day Doklam standoff which began on June 16 over PLA's plans to build a road in area claimed by Bhutan, ended on August 28 following mutual agreement between India and China.On Thursday, IAF chief Air Chief Marshal B S Dhanoa said Chinese troops were currently present in the Chumbi Valley, which is in the Dokalam Plateau, and added that a peaceful resolution of the issue would be in the interest of both countries."The two sides are not in a physical face-off as we speak. However, their forces in Chumbi Valley are still deployed and I expect them to withdraw as their exercise in the area gets over," Dhanoa said.About Foreign Secretary S Jaishankar's visit to Bhutan, the first such visit after the Dokalam standoff, the Chinese Foreign Ministry said "although China and Bhutan have not yet established diplomatic relations, the two countries have maintained traditional friendly relations".It said China has always respected Bhutan's sovereignty and independence."China hopes that other countries also respect Bhutan's sovereignty and independence and develop normal bilateral relations with Bhutan, at the same time also hopes it can help enhance the mutual trust between regional countries, safeguarding regional peace and stability," it said.
After today's sunshine and springlike temperatures, the National Weather Service sees a rainy week ahead. This chart shows the expected precipitation totals over the next seven days. The forecast, which follows here, predicts two storms, with the second, landing Wednesday-Thursday, as the strongest. Here's the seven-day NWS forecast.
Today: Mostly sunny, with a high near 67. Light and variable wind becoming west southwest around 5 mph in the afternoon.
Tonight: Mostly cloudy, with a low around 46. West wind around 6 mph becoming east in the evening.
Tuesday: Rain likely after 11am. Mostly cloudy, with a high near 62. East wind 5 to 8 mph becoming south southeast in the afternoon. Chance of precipitation is 60%. New precipitation amounts between a tenth and quarter of an inch possible.
Tuesday Night: Rain. Low around 51. South southeast wind 8 to 10 mph. Chance of precipitation is 90%. New precipitation amounts between a quarter and half of an inch possible.
Wednesday: Rain. High near 65. South southeast wind 13 to 15 mph, with gusts as high as 21 mph. Chance of precipitation is 80%.
Wednesday Night: Rain. Low around 51. Chance of precipitation is 90%.
Thursday: Rain. High near 59. Chance of precipitation is 90%.
Thursday Night: A chance of showers. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 40.
Friday: A slight chance of showers. Partly sunny, with a high near 58.
Friday Night: A chance of showers. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 41.
Saturday: A slight chance of showers. Partly sunny, with a high near 58.
Saturday Night: A slight chance of showers. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 39.
Sunday: Mostly sunny, with a high near 60.
Jeff Rose discusses some of his experiences lending money to friends and family.
May 30, 2018 2 min read
Like many people, Entrepreneur Network partner Jeff Rose once has convinced himself it was a good idea to loan money to a family member. In reality, the situation can get messy when this close personal connection cannot return the investment. This does not mean Rose has given up on peer-to-peer lending, which is a helpful tool that can streamline the loan process.
It can very time-consuming to secure a loan in-person -- often you have to head over to your local bank or credit union, fill out a lot of paperwork, and then wait to see if it will give you a loan.
The benefit of loan tools like peer-to-peer lending can make you less beholden to the big banks, as well as be more accessible overall. Also, if you are on the lendor side of these tools, it can be a useful opportunity to become an investor in your peer's venture.
Click the video to learn more about Rose's experience with peer-to-peer lending and loaning money to family.
Related: You Have $10,000 In Your Pocket. Now, Find Out How to Invest It.
Entrepreneur Network is a premium video network providing entertainment, education and inspiration from successful entrepreneurs and thought leaders. We provide expertise and opportunities to accelerate brand growth and effectively monetize video and audio content distributed across all digital platforms for the business genre.
EN is partnered with hundreds of top YouTube channels in the business vertical. Watch video from our network partners on demand on Roku, Apple TV and the Entrepreneur App available on iOS and Android devices.
Click here to become a part of this growing video network.
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May has been clear Britain will be leaving the customs union with the European Union after Brexit, her spokesman said on Friday.
“The prime minister has set out the position of the need to leave the customs union and the single market,” the spokesman said.
The Financial Times newspaper reported on Friday that the government is exploring whether Britain could strike a deal that would keep it in a form of the customs union after leaving the EU.
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.) was shot and badly wounded at a congressional baseball practice Tuesday in Alexandria, Va., but he was only the best known of the victims of the shooting.
Four others — including two Capitol Police officers — also were among the injured.
Scalise was in critical condition Wednesday afternoon, the hospital reported.
Scalise, 51, is the third-ranking Republican in the House. He has deep political roots in Louisiana. Before arriving in Washington, he served in both the Louisiana state House and Senate for more than a decade.
A staunch supporter of President Trump, Scalise was reelected in November with nearly 75% support over his Democratic challenger.
Two U.S. Capitol police officers assigned to Scalise's security detail were injured as they exchanged gunfire with the shooter.
Also wounded were a former congressional staff member who works as a lobbyist and a staffer for Rep. Roger Williams (R-Texas).
The shooter, identified as James T. Hodgkinson, died in custody as a result of wounds he suffered during the incident.
David Bailey, Capitol Police special agent
David Bailey, left, is shown in a recent photo from his Facebook account. (Facebook)
Bailey, 32, has been with the Capitol Police since April 2008. He previously served with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. Originally from Rio de Janeiro, Bailey went to high school in Maryland and graduated from North Carolina Central University in 2007.
U.S. Capitol Police Chief Matthew R. Verderosa said Bailey was not shot but suffered a minor injury during the shooting. He was later released from the hospital.
In tweets, former House Majority leader Eric Cantor praised Bailey and Capitol Police Special Agent Crystal Griner, who also had been assigned to his security detail.
Sen. Jeff Flake, an Arizona Republican who was at the scene of the shooting, also tweeted about the officers on Tuesday afternoon.
“Just met with Capitol Police officers Crystal Griner and David Bailey at the hospital. Thanked them for saving my life,” Flake said.
https://twitter.com/EricCantor/status/875062512080887808
Crystal Griner, Capitol Police special agent
Griner, 32, worked alongside Bailey and also was assigned to protect Scalise.
House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) spoke about Griner and her colleagues after the shooting Wednesday.
“It is clear to me, based on various eyewitness accounts, that without these two heroes — Agent Bailey and Agent Griner — many lives would have been lost,” Ryan said.
Verderosa said Griner was in the hospital and in “good condition” after being shot in the ankle.
https://twitter.com/KimberlyEAtkins/status/874989018907381762?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&ref_url=http%3A%2F%2Fheavy.com%2Fnews%2F2017%2F06%2Fkrystal-griner-capitol-police-crystal-officer-shot-photos-david-bailey-james-hodgkinson-facebook%2F
Matt Mika, lobbyist
Matt Mika (LinkedIn)
Matt Mika, a former congressional staffer who is now a lobbyist for Tyson Foods, also was among those shot.
Mika's family released a statement that identified him as an Oakland County, Mich., native who is the director of government relations at Tyson Foods. It said he previously worked for Reps. Tim Walberg and Dave Camp, both of whom are Republicans from Michigan.
“Baseball is one of his great passions, and he has always loved the congressional team,” the statement said. “Matt's family, now traveling to Washington D.C., was informed by paramedics on the scene that Matt was shot multiple times, is in critical condition, and is currently in surgery at an area hospital.”
Zack Barth, congressional staffer
Zack Barth (Facebook)
Zack Barth, who worked in the Williams' office, started his job in the U.S. House of Representatives in 2016. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin in 2015 and is originally from Houston. He previously served in the campaign of former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush.
“I got shot this morning at the baseball fields but I am in the hospital and okay,” he wrote on Facebook. “Thank you for the thoughts and prayers.”
A representative for Barth's family said Barth, who had been shot in the calf and used a belt to stop the bleeding, had been released from the hospital.
(Reuters) - Former Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe wrote a confidential memo last spring recounting a conversation that provided “significant behind-the-scenes” details on the firing of former FBI director James Comey, the New York Times reported on Wednesday.
FILE PHOTO: Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe arrives to testify before the U.S. Senate Select Committee on Intelligence on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S. May 11, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Thayer/File Photo
The Times reported that McCabe had turned in his memo to Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating whether Moscow colluded with President Donald Trump's campaign to meddle in the 2016 U.S. election. Comey's firing is one part of Mueller's inquiries into whether Trump tried to obstruct the investigation.
McCabe and the Justice Department declined to comment to the Times.
The Times reported, citing several people familiar with the discussion, that in the document McCabe described a conversation at the Justice Department with Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein after Comey was abruptly fired. Rosenstein had played a main role in Comey's May 2017 dismissal, writing a memo in which he rebuked Comey over his handling of an investigation into Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton during the election campaign.
But in the meeting at the Justice Department Rosenstein added a new detail: that Trump had originally asked him to reference Russia in his memo, The Times reported, citing the sources familiar. Rosenstein did not elaborate on what Trump had wanted him to say, according to the newspaper.
Trump's lawyers have cited Rosenstein's involvement in Comey's firing as proof that there was no effort to obstruct justice, the Times reported.
The Times reported that Trump wanted Rosenstein to mention that he was not personally under investigation in the Russia probe, but Rosenstein did not include the reference. Until his dismissal, Comey had been leading an investigation into the Trump campaign's possible collusion with Russia.
The Kremlin has denied meddling in the election and Trump has denied that there was any collusion between his campaign and Moscow officials.
Spor Toto Super League continues to be the scene of some unprecedented title drama with all top four teams fully in contention even at the end of game week 30. Since its foundation in 1959, the Turkish league has never seen a title race this close. Game week 30 came to a close Monday as fourth-placed Fenerbahçe made clear its intent that it would chase Galatasaray, Medipol Başakşehir and Beşiktaş. The Yellow Canaries thrashed relegation-threatened Antalyaspor 4-1 at Kadıköy Ülker Stadium.
With the win, Fenerbahçe took its point tally to 60, just three points adrift of league leader Galatasaray. Second-placed Beşiktaş and third-placed Medipol Başakşehir have 62 points each. On Friday, Medipol Başakşehir beat Kayserispor 3-1 in the opening match of the week. Galatasaray managed to secure three points with a tough 3-2 win on the road against lowly Aytemiz Alanyaspor Saturday. Beşiktaş, on the other hand, beat Evkur Malatyaspor 3-1 at Vodafone Arena on Sunday. The league next week will brace for a potential title decider as Galatasaray hosts Beşiktaş Sunday. Other title aspirants, Fenerbahçe and Başakşehir, will also keep a close tab on the match.
In other developments, Turkish Football Federation (TFF) will announce its decision regarding last week's abandoned derby between Fenerbahçe and Beşiktaş. The Ziraat Turkish Cup semifinal second leg at Fenerbahçe's home ground had to be abandoned after the visiting manager was injured by objects flung from the stands. Reports suggested that the TFF may decide on a replay or award Besiktas a 3-0 win over Fenerbahce by forfeit. The first leg at Beşiktaş' home Vodafone Park had ended 2-2.
Apr 17, 2017 This week's theme
Well-traveled words
This week's words
cramoisy
Photo: Kate Toft Well-traveled words A.Word.A.Day with Anu Garg
At one time people ate what was grown around them. If they woke up after a long sleep and didn't know what time of the year it was, they could just look at the food on the table and make a pretty good guess. With technologies such as refrigeration and air travel, things have changed. Today, a typical grocery store might have lettuce from Spain, avocados from Mexico, and pomegranates from Israel.
While this level of food travel is relatively new, words have been traveling across oceans for a long time. The word orange came to us from a Dravidian language, stopping by several ports along the way: Sanskrit, Persian, Arabic, Italian, and French. By the time it reached us, it must have been fully ripe.
This week we'll feature five words that have crossed many oceans before reaching the shores of the English language. cramoisy PRONUNCIATION: (KRAM-oi-zee, kruh-MOI-)
MEANING: adjective: Of a crimson color.
noun: Crimson cloth.
ETYMOLOGY: From French cramoisi, from Spanish carmesi, from Arabic qirmizi (of kermes). Earliest documented use: 1423.
USAGE: “The whippet Narcisse would sit at table upon a cramoisy cushion.”
Geoffrey Wolff; Black Sun; Random House; 1976.
A THOUGHT FOR TODAY: Everybody's talking about people breaking into houses but there are more people in the world who want to break out of houses. -Thornton Wilder, writer (17 Apr 1897-1975)
A.Word.A.Day by email:
Subscribe
"The most welcomed, most enduring piece of daily mass e-mail in cyberspace."
If you had read tournament previews and predictions before the start of Champions Trophy 2017, almost none of them would have foretold that three out of the four semi-finalists would be from the subcontinent.
If anyone had predicted that two of them would be Bangladesh and Pakistan, ranked sixth and eighth respectively in the ICC rankings before this tournament, they would have been dismissed forthwith.
It would have been as likely as DC coming up with a satisfactory film at par with Marvel, rather than the substandard fare they were feeding us in an already over-saturated superhero movie market.
But then Patty Jenkins' Wonder Woman, starring Gal Gadot, happened.
So, here we are at the semi-final stage of ICC's ‘Mini World Cup' without the usual suspects: South Africa, Australia and New Zealand (who were the top-ranked teams before the tournament).
India meet Bangladesh in the second semi-final on Thursday after Pakistan stunned England in the first semi-final on Wednesday.
So, if India must avoid an incredible defeat at the hands of the 'Tigers', here are five players who will be key:
Shikhar Dhawan
Fellow opener KL Rahul's shoulder injury opened the door for Dhawan in the team and the left-hander's love affair with ICC ODI tournaments continues. In Sunday's virtual quarter-final against South Africa, he became the fastest to score 1,000 runs in ICC ODI tournaments taking just 16 innings to reach the milestone. He's already scored three consecutive 50s in this edition of the Champions Trophy. What does he have in store for us in the semi-final?
Virat Kohli
What is Justice League without Superman? Indian batting's mainstay deservedly reclaimed the top spot in ICC's ODI rankings for batsmen, ahead of the semi-final. Yes, he has had stiff competition from Hashim Amla, AB de Villiers and David Warner in the recent past, but few would disagree he's the most complete one-day batsman. He has already scored two sparkling half-centuries in the tournament and surely, he is due a big one. It would hardly be surprising if he got his 28th ODI hundred to lead India to a win in the all-important semi-final against Bangladesh. If he does score a ton, he would equal the tally of Sri Lanka's Sanath Jayasuriya, who took more than double the innings to achieve the feat. Staggering!
Yuvraj Singh
Kohli may be the best batsman in the Indian team and Dhawan one of the most productive in ICC one-day tournaments, but Yuvraj Singh is still India's supreme game-changer. He hit the ball clean and long against Pakistan and showed glimpses of the vintage Yuvraj, one of modern cricket commentary's most beloved cliches. One of Bangladesh's principal weapons is Shakib Al Hasan but if he's called upon when Yuvraj is on strike, it will be, if I may use another of those commentary clichés, carnage!
Jasprit Bumrah
Before he became a household name, Bumrah got his break in the 2013 edition of the Indian Premier League (IPL) when Mumbai Indians played Royal Challengers Bangalore at the M Chinnaswamy Stadium. After three of his first four deliveries were smashed for boundaries by his current India skipper, Bumrah swung the fifth delivery sharply to get Kohli out lbw. Since then, in a span of four years, he has evolved into not only an economical wicket-taker but India's go-to bowler at the 'death'. He is unflappable even under big game pressure and Bangladesh batsmen will find it hard to tackle a man with a maverick bowling action, short run-up, brisk pace and awkward angles.
Bhuvneshwar Kumar
Bhuvneshwar Kumar has made more people dance to the tunes of an approaching ball since Johann Strauss' Blue Danube. His ability to make the ball hoop around corners consistently is crucial to India's chances of defending their title. He has been India's most economical bowler this tournament and his skills were manifest in the match against South Africa when he tied down the Adam Gilchrist-esque Quinton de Kock and the peerless Amla with an exacting opening spell. He will play a crucial part in keeping the in-form Tamim Iqbal quiet and his potent death bowling skills will see to it that Bangladesh won't get away in the slog overs.
If the aforementioned five play their part, India should script an easy victory over Bangladesh to reach the Champions Trophy 2017 final. Or can the 'Tigers' negate this five-fold threat and boldly go where no Bangladeshi has gone before?
For the latest updates from ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Click Here
The pet dog of the Burari family, whose 11 members were found dead on July 1, was showing signs of improvement, said an animal rights activist, who has been taking care of him.Tommy, as he was referred to by his owners, had been tied to a grill upstairs, before the family members allegedly committed suicide.Sanjay Mohapatra had learnt about the dog through news channels and then contacted the police. After completing the legal formalities, he brought the dog to his animal care centre in Noida.Mohapatra said that the dog was quite aggressive when they first got him to the care centre."It had taken us close to one-and-a-half hours to rescue him that day. He was trying to bite anyone who went near him. After we rescued him, he continued to display aggressive behaviour and had a temperature of 108 degrees," said Mohapatra.He said that with love and care, the dog has shown signs of recovery."Even human beings require love, care and pampering to come out of the pain of losing someone special. Similarly, animals too need love and pampering to recover from pain. With our love and care, his temperature is now normal and he has started eating food," he added.The activist also said that the dog was still having some liver issues and his platelet count was still low, but he said that the pet would come out of it soon.Mohapatra said that he has been in constant touch with the police and has been informing them about the dog's recovery."Had he not been tied that day, he might have distracted the family members and what happened might have been averted. The dog squad might find clues in the case with Tommy's help," he said.Handwritten notes talking about following a set of rituals to appease God and attain salvation were found by the police from the spot which have compounded the mystery of the 11 deaths.Ten of the 11 members of the Bhatia family were found hanging from an iron-mesh in the ceiling on Sunday, while the body of 77-year-old Narayan Devi, the head of the family, was lying on the floor in another room of the house.Devi's daughter Pratibha (57), her two sons Bhavnesh (50) and Lalit Bhatia (45) were also among the deceased. Bhavnesh's wife Savita (48) and their three children - Meenu (23), Nidhi (25), and Dhruv, aged 15, too were found dead.Lalit Bhatia's wife Tina (42) and their 15-year-old son Shivam were also among those found dead. Pratibha's daughter Priyanka (33), who was engaged last month and would have married by the end of this year, was also found hanging. Locals said Meenu was preparing for entrance exams and Nidhi was pursuing her Masters.
A new art exhibit is opening at Glenwood Springs Center for the Arts called “Old Glenwood.” The exhibit will include 55 paintings; Noemi had the idea for this exhibit last year. The first painting took Noemi three months to complete.
Like this: Like Loading...
US President Donald Trump has signed his administration's first space policy directive, formally directing the US space agency NASA to send astronauts back to the moon and eventually Mars. "The directive I'm signing today will refocus American space program on human exploration and discovery," Trump said at a White House ceremony on Monday, Xinhua news agency reported.
"It marks an important step in returning American astronauts to the moon for the first time since 1972 for long-term exploration and use," he said. "This time, we will not only plant our flag and leave our footprint we will establish a foundation for an eventual mission to Mars and perhaps some day to many worlds beyond." The Space Policy Directive 1, as it is called, was based on recommendations of the National Space Council, which Trump directed to re-establish in June.
The council was first created in 1989 during the administration of President George H.W. Bush but later disbanded in 1993 under President Bill Clinton. It marked a return to the vision of President George W. Bush, whose Constellation program aimed to return astronauts to the moon by 2020 and then go on to Mars. However, Constellation was cancelled in 2010 by then-President Barack Obama, on the grounds that Americans "have been there before" and that "there's a lot more of space to explore."
Instead, Obama said the US should start by sending astronauts to an asteroid, a controversial plan known as Asteroid Redirect Mission, which was scrapped earlier this year by the Trump administration. "Since the beginning of his administration, President Trump has taken steps to refocus NASA on its core mission of space exploration," Deputy White House Press Secretary Hogan Gidley said in a statement earlier on Monday.
"He will change our nation's human spaceflight policy to help America become the driving force for the space industry, gain new knowledge from the cosmos, and spur incredible technology," Gidley said. Both Trump and Vice President Mike Pence, who chairs the National Space Council, have repeatedly expressed interest in human lunar missions during the past year. Pence, during the first meeting of the National Space Council in October, said the moon will be "a stepping-stone, a training ground, a venue to strengthen our commercial and international partnerships".
CONSTRUCTION
EC Electric has hired Warren A. Jackson as environmental health and safety director. He will provide leadership for all safety, compliance and risk management initiatives throughout the company.
Please send your announcements for DJC People to djcpeople@djcOregon.com.
Brides and grooms-to-be fear that they could be left in the lurch after one of Lancashire's best known wedding shops went into administration.
The Dan Kerr Bridal Shop which has premises in Lancaster Road, Preston and Church Street Blackpool, has closed its doors and removed stock from displays.
A note in the window at the Blackpool shop said that customers will be sent letters this week to explain their position ahead of their weddings.
The firm, which has been supplying dresses accessories and suits for 100 years and was still being run by family members, has called insolvency practitioners Leonard Curtis Recovery of Bamber Bridge to handle the administration.
The statement said: “We regret having to inform customers that after over 100 years of trading as a family business, we have no alternative but to close down.
“The stock and assets are all being moved to safe, secure storage, and individual letters will be sent to each customer in relation to dresses which have been ordered/paid for.
“We would urge customers to wait for the letters... prior to any written correspondence only, with Leonard Curtis at the above address, with any queries.”
The New York Indian Film Festival will pay tribute to two Bollywood icons who died in the past few months — Shashi Kapoor and Sridevi — when the event unfolds May 7-12.
Kapoor, star of Merchant-Ivory films such as “The Householder,” will be honored with the screenings of “Shakespeare Wallah” and “Heat and Dust.” The fest will hold a Merchant-Ivory retrospective that also includes the unspooling of “Autobiography of a Princess,” starring Madhur Jaffrey.
To honor the mono-monikered Sridevi, her 2012 hit “English Vinglish,” which was mainly set in New York, will screen.
The fest opens May 7 with “Nude,” a Marathi-language film directed by Ravi Jadhav. The story centers around a single mother who gets a job as a nude model at an art school but fears the judgment of others and keeps her job a secret. Closing night film on May 12 is Hansal Mehta's “Omerta,” starring Rajkumar Rao. That film will also play at the Indian Film Festival Los Angeles. “Omerta” examines why an Islamic fundamentalist with a wife and family would decide to kill others.
The centerpiece film of the festival is Miransha Naik's Konkoni language “Juze,” revolving around a teen boy determined to go to school despite the local slumlord's bullying tactics to stop him and others.
“NYIFF is known around the world for its top-notch, out-of-the-box programming, and this year is no different,” said founder Aroon Shivdasani. “The New York audience is sophisticated, well-traveled, educated and discerning; as such, our content reflects what we think will resonate with the cinephiles of this cosmopolitan city and will keep them coming back for more.”
The rest of the lineup is yet to be released.
Bryan Golnick of El Camino Real was in such a hurry pitching on Wednesday at USC's Dedeaux Field that he looked like he needed to make a graduation ceremony. Coach Josh Lienhard finally had to come to the mound in the bottom of the seventh inning of the City Section Open Division semifinal with an 0-and-2 count to calm him down.
One thing I will never understand is why people feel the need to share their unsolicited criticisms about a child's appearance. Not necessarily to the kid's face, per se — but absolutely with backhanded comments to the parents. Maybe it's a little girl who prefers clothing from the boys' section. Or a little boy with an affinity for the color pink. Another controversial point of criticism when it comes to gender norms? The length of a child's hair. More often than not, parents of young boys with long hair are nagged about getting their sons' long locks chopped short. And Kailyn Lowry's response to someone mom-shaming her for her son's hair is the perfect comeback.
If you need a refresher, Lowry's first pregnancy was featured on the MTV series 16 and Pregnant. After the birth of her son, Issac, the teen mom ultimately ended up splitting with his father, Jo Rivera, E! News reported. Lowry went on to have a son named Lincoln with her now-ex, Javi Marroquin. And most recently, Lowry welcomed her third child, Lux, on Aug. 5, 2017, with her now-ex Chris Lopez.
Through the years, Lowry has been a target for criticism for all sorts of reasons — from her becoming a mom at a young age, her relationships, to her weight and body image, to her announcing that she was dating a woman. But when it comes to her children, you sure don't want to mess with Kailyn Lowry.
As People reported, it all started when the Teen Mom 2 reality star shared a sweet photo of her son, Lux, this Sunday on Twitter. Alongside the snap of her youngest child playing with a basketball, the 26-year-old mom of three wrote, "Starting him young."
To be fair, there were a fair amount of followers fawning over Lux's luxurious tresses. One Twitter user commented, "I can't handle all that hair!! My son is 16 months and still a baldie!"
Another follower tweeted, "He has better hair than me! How cute."
Yet another Twitter user wrote simply, "That hair," followed by a face emoji with hearts for eyes.
Still, there's always that one person, isn't there? In a now-deleted comment, a Twitter user expressed that Lux Russell was in serious need of a haircut "unless your goal is to make him look like a girl," People reported. (Hello! This is 2018, in case you hadn't noticed.)
It seems as if this highly insensitive "advice" struck a nerve with Lowry — and she didn't take this nonsense lying down. "I'll cut it when he tells me he wants to cut it," the mama bear shot back. "But you can mind your business lil momma."
Yassss, girl! You tell that mom-shamer.
In case you were wondering, plenty of other parents stepped in to offer moral support by sharing photos of their long-haired little boys. One Twitter user shared adorable shots of her own long-haired little guy, writing, "About to be 3 years old and I still have yet to get his hair cut. He also gets mistaken for a girl all the time, but he absolutely loves his curly hair... and so does everyone else." Just look at those curls!
Another Twitter user chimed in with, "Yesss Long hair, don't care. Whale spouts are life."
And the photos just kept coming ...
Truthfully, these little guys are giving me some serious hair envy. Here's a better shot of little Lux's, just so you can get the full effort of his 'do. (Too cute!)
By the way, the archaic notion that "boys should have short hair and girls should have long hair" is total BS. Why should a person's sex determine the style of hair he/she has? Or the style of clothing they're limited to wearing? If parents want to cut their baby's hair, then more power to them. But little Lux is only 7 months old — and if his mama wants to hold off on a haircut until he's able to express that's what he wants, then more power to her. Because newsflash: Random strangers have absolutely no say. So keep your gender-stereotyping comments to yourself.
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
Opinion The Mozilla Foundation has recently announced that it will refocus its development efforts on Firefox. Again.
I know what you're thinking, what the heck else does Mozilla have to focus on? Well, you'd be hard pressed to find any evidence of it, but the company has been concentrating on building Firefox OS, which was supposed to be a mobile operating system and then maybe a television and devices platform.
Mozilla recently axed the last 50 employees working on that effort, though it claims it's still developing an open-source Alexa of some kind and a couple of other bad ideas that most likely no one wants. Apparently, press statements not withstanding, focus may still be a little lacking.
Here's the thing, Mozilla: Firefox is and likely will be the only viable product you're going to have. That you've lost sight of your only viable product tells us a lot about the leadership of Mozilla in recent years, or lack thereof.
Before I go any further, let me be clear – I like Firefox. I use it everyday. I find it to be not quite as fast as Chrome, but easier on the RAM.
That's anecdotal, of course, and based on the Developer Edition, which is my daily browser. I also use and really like Mobile Firefox for Android, though I admit it's much slower than Chrome for Android.
My point is that I really want Mozilla to succeed. I even support the attention Mozilla gives to "defending" the open web because they're one of the only companies out there that doesn't have much in the way of ulterior motives for doing so.
But in the last three years Mozilla has gone from an organisation at the top of its game, with a web browser that constantly pushed the envelope of standards support and kept pace with Chrome in terms of performance, to an embarrassment that clings to life through a browser that can barely keep pace with today's web.
Even Brendan Eich, creator of JavaScript and one of Mozilla's founders – who was later forced out of the company after it came out that he had donated money to support anti-gay rights legislation in California – has gone on to create a new web browser dubbed Brave. Guess what codebase Brave is based on? Hint: it's not Firefox.
Brave will fizzle before the year's over – its value proposition is that it swaps out ads your favourite websites are earning good money with and replaces them with ads your favourite sites will earn little to no money from. Uh, OK? But it's telling that even Mozilla's founder has lost faith in the Firefox codebase.
Given this state of affairs, you'd think Mozilla's announcement – which amounts to the company saying "Hey, sorry, we screwed up and we're going to try fixing this" – would make me happy, but honestly, it makes me nervous.
If the thinking that led to three years wasted on head-scratching ideas like Firefox OS turns its attention to the web browser proper, what sort of disaster is coming to Firefox?
Recently, I wrote about Vim and the value of software that doesn't update unless it really needs to.
I'd like to see Mozilla embrace that approach. I'd like to see Mozilla continue to forget about the Firefox UI and focus their attention lower down in the stack. The Firefox UI isn't broken, it works quite well, it's stable, don't go messing with it. Don't go "innovating", don't add something stupid like rounded tabs just because you hired some new designer who needs something to do.
Some people objected to my comparison of Vim and Firefox, saying Firefox has to update because the web is a moving target while text files really haven't changed since Bram Moolenaar released Vim in 1991. That's a valid argument and I never suggested that Firefox shouldn't update, rather that it shouldn't go changing its base feature set and user interface all the time. It shouldn't add Pocket support for no discernible reason, it shouldn't round tabs for no discernible reason.
It should update to get separate processes for each tab, which took an embarrassingly long time to be released. It should also start developing a rendering engine that's faster than Gecko since it seems plain at this point that Gecko won't get any faster than it is now. The good news is that appears to be happening with Quantum.
But here's why I'm nervous about Mozilla "refocusing" on Firefox: developers are already talking about messing with the UI again. This is exactly the sort of thinking that got Mozilla where it is: "What if there was a better forward button?" Wait, isn't that the button no one uses so Firefox made it tiny? Right, problem solved. Next.
Even more alarming is this thinking later on in that piece: "What if web browsers were immediately useful instead of demanding input when you launched them?"
Well, what if Mozilla made a browser that was immediately useful when it launched because it was fast enough to accept input right away?
What if Firefox didn't hang immediately on launch because it was processing through a bunch of tabs (that aren't even loading, just displaying page titles)?
I feel pretty safe speaking for the masses here: we don't need a web browser that does any thinking for us. Browsers are task-driven software. When people open a browser it's because they want to do something on the web. They don't want a better forward button. They want a faster web browser and currently 85 per cent of them have solved that problem by choosing something other than Firefox.
That is your problem, Mozilla. Your bug number one is that Firefox is slower than Chrome. Fix that and spare us the UI "improvements". Who knows, people might start using Firefox again. ®
Australian-based firm Valley Eyewear was forced to apologize on Tuesday after an advertising video it made on the site of the Jasenovac concentration camp in modern-day Croatia caused a storm of criticism. Users have also called for a boycott of the company's products.
The black and white video, which has since been removed, shows a male and a female model wearing Valley Eyewear sunglasses inside a bleak concrete room and walking around concrete structures, before cutting to a wide shot of the two walking away from Jasenovac's Flower Memorial.
The recognizable structure, designed by architect Bogdan Bogdanovic, was built in 1966 to honor the memory of the camp victims.
The Jasenovac death camp in Croatia was run by the Ustasha, the fascist regime allied with Nazi Germany during World War II. Camp historians have determined the names of 83,145 killed at the site, including more than 20,000 children. Most of the victims were Serbs, alongside Roma and Jews. Some experts believe the total number of victims to be much higher.
Stop using this symbol of the suffering Serbs,Jews and others in your campaign!
Do yo know what the #Holocaust is?
@valleyeyewear pic.twitter.com/MgbvUW1ztj — Crvena (@VSreca) July 2, 2018
According to screenshots of deleted Valley Eyewear posts, the company said the ad for their "Black" line of sunglasses was "filmed on location in Croatia at one of World War II's most historic and darkest locations. JASENOVAC."
The advertising video was made "[i]n memory of the tens of thousands of people that perished at the site."
"Why not just go to Auschwitz?," asked Twitter user Julian Nyca, who shared the screenshots.
Director of Jasenovac Memorial Ivo Pejakovic told the Serbian newspaper Vecernje Novosti that his organization only learned about the ad through media reports.
"We don't have any fences, walls or barriers, and of course you could record inside the site. There are security guards, but they cannot know who would use the photos and for which purpose," Pejakovic said.
By Tuesday evening, all the posts featuring videos and photos of Jasenovac had been pulled from the Valley Eyewear accounts.
Commenting on the controversy for DW, company's founder Michael Crawley apologized and said that "a few images have been taken completely out of context."
Crawley said he had traveled around Eastern Europe with his team in an attempt to capture the "Spomeniks;" futuristic former Yugoslavia monuments that include the Jasenovac memorial.
"I have been in contact with the head of the Jasenovac memorial and one of the heads of the Jewish community in Australia to send our apologies," he wrote, adding that the firm had pulled the ads "since some images have offended people which was NEVER what we had wanted in a million years."
This article originally appeared on DW.com. Its content was created separately to USA TODAY.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
As a building contractor in the East Kootenay, we have already seen the impact of proposed new NDP property taxes. Most of the vacation properties in such as Fernie, Kimberley, Cranbrook, Fairmont, Invermere, Radium, Golden and Revelstoke are owned or invested in by Alberta residents.
We have seen deals collapse, projects put on hold and investors pull out, due to uncertainty if their property is taxed.
The NDP has managed to slow or stop growth in these communities, as well as in many others in B.C.
What kind of tax base comes out of zero-per-cent growth?
I am hopeful that this tax proposal will be rescinded and that my employees and I will have a chance to pursue our livelihoods.
Kris Newman, Invermere
Trudeau doesn't care about West
In avoiding the proposed U.S. duties on steel and aluminum, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said it was the result of “a true Team Canada effort.” He then went to the heart of aluminum country, Quebec, and said, “We had your backs.”
Contrast that to the softwood lumber dispute, where Trudeau does not seem to be mounting a “Team Canada effort.” B.C. suffers the most in that case. Then there is the Trans Mountain pipeline, which Trudeau says will be built, despite significant opposition in B.C.
Contrast that with the Energy East pipeline, a project more in the national interest because it would displace foreign oil with domestic and result in more refined product. Trudeau went out of his way to kill this project in part because of fierce opposition in Quebec.
Trudeau's apple did not fall far from his father's tree in that he will act on issues that Quebec deems important while once again giving B.C. the finger.
Al Williams, Richmond
NDP World Cup view disappoints
Mike Smyth's column Thursday about the provincial government's World Cup decision is an example of how tone deaf he and the NDP are. Do these people not have kids who play sports and are inspired by them?
B.C. Place has just three events this June, likely the same month the World Cup would be played. FIFA's request to reserve the month is not outrageous, nor is asking for security, parking and the installation of grass.
To think that these factors are reasons to rob a generation of the experience and inspiration of the World Cup is disappointing. That doesn't consider the economic boom that would have accompanied the event.
Sandy Sumra, Vancouver
Make voice known on mobility pricing
“Mobility pricing” is a shiny, friendly term from consultants for the Mayors' Council because “driver's tax” is less palatable.
The council's online questionnaire is skewed to get the responses they want, such as asking if the gas tax should be eliminated. The gas tax is shared by all drivers. If it is replaced by mobility pricing, the burden would shift to the working middle class, who commute greater distances at peak times. Wealthier residents who live closer would be taxed considerably less.
Vancouver's Vision council and Mayor Gregor Robertson are creating more congestion by taking out the viaduct and reducing road capacity with bike lanes. Now they want commuters to pay for the increased congestion?
I urge commuters to contact their councillors and MLAs to ensure the funding model is actually fair.
Garrick Jay, Pitt Meadows
Letters to the editor should be sent to provletters@theprovince.com. The editorial pages editor is Gordon Clark, who can be reached at gclark@postmedia.com.
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com.
TORONTO — The Progressive Conservatives are asking the Ontario Provincial Police to investigate millions in ineligible expenses — including scuba gear and raccoon traps — filed by nine power generators in the province.
Auditor general Bonnie Lysyk reported last week that the generators claimed up to $260 million in ineligible costs between 2006 and 2015, though the Independent Electricity System Operator says it's closer to $200 million.
The expenses were claimed under a program designed to pay power generators for fuel, maintenance and operating costs when the IESO puts them on standby to supply energy.
The IESO has recovered $168 million of those billings that were deemed inappropriate.
Progressive Conservative MPP Todd Smith has now written to the OPP to ask them to investigate, saying the abuses were so egregious that a second look by law enforcement is prudent.
The OPP did not immediately respond to a question about whether or not they will look into it.
A tree service crew wound up in the middle of a rescue while in the middle of a job.
In November, employees with Cy's Tree Service were working on a property east of Anamosa, Iowa where the landowner had a large brush pile that had accumulated over the years. The crew was removing trees and other debris from the pile when owner Cy Frommelt says he "noticed some movement".
Frommelt says they often encounter wildlife on the job, so he worried he might have run over the critter. That's when they discovered a raccoon stuck and struggling to get out of the middle of the pile.
Without hesitating, workers rushed to grab their shovels and dig the little guy out while Cy, recorded the rescue from his skid-loader. It didn't take long, but in the video, you can see the animal stretching and even grabbing the shovels as if to help free himself or maybe help with the effort. Eventually, he broke free and as workers backed off, the raccoon scampered away.
Cy tells TV-6 he thinks the raccoon may have dug a hole in the pile and it collapsed while they were working.
He adds they have had to work around raccoons, squirrels and even rescued an owl, all while doing a day's work.
OAKLAND, Calif. -- Right-hander Kendall Graveman has been placed on the 10-day disabled list by the Oakland Athletics with a strained right shoulder.
Graveman started Opening Day in place of the injured Sonny Gray and began the season 2-0 with a 2.00 ERA in his first three starts. But he exited after just five innings and 74 pitches Friday against Houston, and manager Bob Melvin said afterward the pitcher couldn't get loose. Both Melvin and Graveman expected he would make his next start.
Instead, it's yet another key player down for the injury-plagued A's.
Oakland recalled catcher Bruce Maxwell from Triple-A Nashville on Monday to take Graveman's roster spot.
The's were set to begin a series at home with Texas on Monday night after the series finale against the Astros was rained out Sunday.
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) Disney created limited-edition merchandise for two theme park rides that are closing.
The Great Movie Ride and Ellen's Energy Adventure will stop running at Walt Disney World after Sunday.
Disney announced last month the rides would be replaced by new attractions. Since then, souvenirs such as T-shirts and mugs have been available for sale in the Florida park.
The Orlando Sentinel reports that neither SeaWorld nor Universal Studios create similar merchandise for closing attractions. Disney officials said they sometimes offer unique items to “commemorate special moments in our parks.”
Attractions Magazine Editor and Publisher Matt Roseboom said it was difficult to buy anything representing The Great Movie Ride or Ellen's Energy Adventure until their closing created attention. He said the new merchandise generated revenue for Disney while helping fans get closure.
A bright outlook for the car insurance market convinces me that eSure Group (LSE: ESUR) should remain a lucrative dividend pick for a long time to come. Latest numbers from the British Insurance Brokers? Association (BIBA) last week showed that car insurance premiums leapt 10.7% year-on-year excluding the impact of the Insurance Premium Tax during the final quarter of 2017. The momentum in premium growth is clearly picking up and this was apparent in eSure?s latest set of financials. The company advised earlier in March that gross written premiums leapt 25% in 2017, to £820m, a result that caused pre-tax profit…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
A bright outlook for the car insurance market convinces me that eSure Group (LSE: ESUR) should remain a lucrative dividend pick for a long time to come.
Latest numbers from the British Insurance Brokers' Association (BIBA) last week showed that car insurance premiums leapt 10.7% year-on-year excluding the impact of the Insurance Premium Tax during the final quarter of 2017.
The momentum in premium growth is clearly picking up and this was apparent in eSure's latest set of financials. The company advised earlier in March that gross written premiums leapt 25% in 2017, to £820m, a result that caused pre-tax profit to explode 36% from the previous year, to £98.6m.
But rising premiums are not the whole story as eSure is also drawing more and more business from its competitors. Indeed, the number of in-force policies at the business climbed 9% last year to 2.37m. And the company has eyes on hitting the magic 3m marker by the start of the next decade.
Those 6%+ yields
While the competitive landscape is expected to see earnings expansion at eSure slow from the double-digit percentage improvement posted last year, a 9% anticipated rise forecast for 2018 is nothing to be scoffed at. And this positive forecast is expected to support abundant dividends too.
Last year's 13.5p per share reward is expected to rise to 14.2p this year, resulting in a monster 6.4% yield. And the good news continues — on the back of an 11% earnings rise in 2019, the insurer is predicted to raise the dividend again to 15.4p, a number that yields an outstanding 6.9%.
ESure has seen its share price drop 27% from the peaks above 300p per share punched last July, and I see this as a prime buying opportunity. The company now changes hands on a forward P/E ratio of 10.6 times, a bargain in most cases and particularly for a firm that is growing in stature in a positive marketplace.
Take a sip
Another FTSE 250 income share worthy of close attention today is Majestic Wine (LSE: WINE).
The yields may fall some way short of those over at eSure, but those seeking robust dividend growth for the years ahead may want to take a look. In the year to March 2018 the shareholder reward is expected to rise to 5.5p per share from 3.6p per share a year earlier, supported by a fractional earnings improvement and yielding 1.2%.
Additional payout expansion is predicted in fiscal 2019 too. With profits expected to advance 19% Majestic is anticipated to raise the dividend to 6.7p, moving the yield to 1.5%.
The wine retailer doesn't pack the same sort of value as eSure. In fact, a prospective P/E ratio of 20.9 times looks a tad toppy on paper. But this shouldn't deter investment in my opinion — rather, this premium can be considered a small price to pay given the progress of Majestic's transformation plan that is helping it to thrive in a tough British marketplace.
When you also factor-in the brilliant global revenues potential of Naked Wines — divisional sales in the US rose almost 10% alone in the first fiscal half, illustrating the vast growth potential here — Majestic is a great selection for those seeking robust earnings and dividend growth in the years ahead.
Yubico announce YubiKey FIPS series
July 2018 by Marc Jacob
Yubico announce that YubiKey FIPS series have been certified by the National Institute of Standards and Technology and are now available for sale. They are the first multi-protocol FIPS 140-2 validated security keys, and meet the most stringent security requirements of US federal agencies. The FIPS are available for sale starting at $46.
The YubiKey FIPS Series is the only FIPS validated multi-protocol security key in the market supporting five authentication protocols: FIDO U2F, smart card (PIV), Yubico OTP, OpenPGP, and OATH-HOTP/TOTP.
Companies including Google, Facebook, Salesforce and thousands more trust the YubiKey to protect account access to computers, networks and online services. Now, we are able to deliver the same simple, trusted protection as a FIPS validated solution.
FIPS 140-2 is a US government computer security standard, published by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), that covers the use of cryptographic functionality such as encryption, authentication, and digital signatures.
KALAMAZOO, Mich. (WOOD) — The Michigan man who was among the victims of Wednesday's shooting at a congressional baseball practice near Washington, D.C. got his start in politics in Lansing.
Matt Mika's family confirmed Wednesday afternoon he was shot multiple times in the attack in Alexandria, Virginia. He underwent surgery and remained in the intensive care unit in critical condition. His family said he is expected to stay in the hospital for several days.
Mika, an Oakland County native, currently works as the director of government relations at Tyson Foods in Washington.
Former colleague and friend David Worthams spoke to 24 Hour News 8 Wednesday after learning Mika is one of the victims.
“It was just shocking it makes me realize as big of a place as Lansing and Washington is, it really is a small world. We have connections all over the place,” Worthams said.
Worthams is the policy director for the Michigan Bankers Association, but got his start at the Michigan Capitol in the Republican Policy Office around the same time Mika began working in Lansing in 2001.
“He loved to campaign. He loved that part of the process. When he got the opportunity to work for (former U.S. Rep.) Dave Camp and eventually for (U.S. Rep. Tim) Walberg, he kind of said farewell to Lansing,” he explained, recalling Mika moved to the nation's capital around 2005.
As the two got to know each other more, Mika's love for sports — especially Detroit teams — became pretty obvious.
“He was very active with the one of the softball teams that we had, some of the staffers would make. I was never that good but on occasion would go to one of the games and have beers afterwards… Anything dealing with Detroit — whether it was the Lions, the Tigers, the Red Wings, the Pistons — he was all about that,” Worthams said.
Walberg, who is from the state's southeast side, on Wednesday expressed his prayers for Mika's recovery, among other lawmakers who came to know Mika over the course of his political career.
Worthams told 24 Hour News 8 he was also praying for Mika and added that as more details come out, so will stories from those who have been positively impacted by Mika.
“You will see how many people Matt has impacted in a positive way and the type of guy he is and he really is loved,” he said.
A full statement released by Mika's family on Wednesday:
“First and foremost, thanks to all who have expressed concern about Matt's condition. We continue to be in disbelief that he would be part of this heinous attack. “Matt suffered multiple gunshot wounds. He recently came out of surgery but remains in the ICU in critical condition and we expect him to stay there for at least several days. Our family is now here with him and we continue to ask for privacy and understanding while we focus on Matt and his recovery. “Many have asked about Matt and what we can share about him. While the attack today was a terrible surprise, Matt's presence on the ball field, helping longtime colleagues and friends was not. He is a very thoughtful, fun-loving person who is competitive and loyal; all things which contributed to his continued commitment to the Congressional Baseball Game.”
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Sunderland have been granted permission to speak to Derek McInnes about the vacant managerial post.
The Pittodrie outfit are holding out for a fee of around £1.2 million for McInnes and assistant Tony Docherty, who have two years left to run on their current deals.
Aberdeen's new major shareholder Dave Cormack said on Wednesday morning that Sunderland would have to 'meet certain conditions, financially and otherwise' before speaking to McInnes.
The Dons then tweeted that Sunderland had ‘agreed to meet all the contractual obligations' for McInnes and his No 2 Tony Docherty, and that they had reluctantly given the pair permission to speak to the Wearsiders.
Talks over the exact compensation fee continue but Sunderland can now speak to McInnes to discuss personal terms and the potential rebuild ahead next season.
One figure who will not be part of the rebuild is Paul Bracewell.
The 54-year-old has been part of the first team coaching staff since Dick Advocaat's arrival in 2015, but is now set to leave the club.
Outfielder Michael Brantley had a hit in Cleveland's 9-1 victory over the Chicago White Sox to extend his hitting streak to 19 games. Since moving into the No. 2 spot in the order, Brantley is batting .368 (29 of 79) with six home runs, 18 runs batted in and 20 runs. ... The White Sox were swept in a series for the eighth time. ... Chicago Cubs right-hander Yu Darvish has inflammation in his right triceps but no structural damage, and could start a throwing program as soon as the weekend. ... Disabled list additions: Milwaukee shortstop Tyler Saladino (sprained ankle), Minnesota outfielder Byron Buxton (toe fracture), San Francisco pitcher Jeff Samardzija (shoulder tightness).
BOSTON — If the Maple Leafs' visit to the TD Garden indeed was a snapshot of what they will experience in the first round of the Stanley Cup playoffs, buckle up.
The Leafs discovered quickly why the Bruins have just one regulation loss in 20 games, losing 4-1 against a Boston side that didn't need suspended star Brad Marchand to frustrate the Leafs time and again.
The Leafs pride themselves on being quick with speed and the ability to create when they have the puck. So do the Bruins, who were much better at it on Saturday night as they ended the Leafs' four-game winning streak.
“The biggest thing is if you don't have everyone on deck and you are not ready to go, you're not going to win very often,” Leafs coach Mike Babcock said. “I thought we have done a good job of that of late and I don't think we got that tonight. Just didn't have enough players.
“When the game was there, after one (period), (we) had not been great, it's time for a pushback, we did not have a pushback.”
The Bruins, in second place in the Atlantic Division with 70 points to the Leafs' 65, have four games in hand. The clubs meet once more in the regular season, on Feb. 24 in Toronto.
While catching the Tampa Bay Lightning, in first in the division with 73 points before Saturday, is a pipe dream, the Leafs have designs on passing the Bruins in the standings. That's their incentive when they already have a playoff spot seemingly locked up.
Finish ahead of the Bruins and the Leafs would have home-ice advantage in the first round.
“You certainly want it,” defenceman Ron Hainsey said. “It's a little bit of a hill to climb there.
“We will keep pushing for that. If you end up in a series against Boston or Tampa where it goes six, seven games, home ice would be very important. It's something we're going to keep grinding for.”
Another reason why the Leafs would love to start the playoffs at the Air Canada Centre and have a potential Game 7 there? With the first two games in Toronto, Babcock would have last change and have a better shot at keeping Auston Matthews away from Patrice Bergeron and Zdeno Chara to start the best-of-seven series.
Matthews, playing often against Bergeron and Chara at even-strength, had one of his worst games as a Leaf, generating just one shot attempt.
Was the loss concerning considering the first-round possibility?
“No, I think we should take that as a challenge,” goalie Frederik Andersen said. “I think there's a long way to go. Right now, we're focused on what's ahead on Monday (a home game against Anaheim). I don't think there is any reason to look that far ahead yet.”
POINT SHOTS
So rarely used forward Josh Leivo reportedly has asked for a trade and the Leafs could be set to deal Nikita Soshnikov. The departure of either would impact the Leafs lineup only to the extent that general manager Lou Lamoriello could get something tangible in return. Leivo was not made available after the game. “He has not got a lot of opportunity to play … I know nothing (about a trade request),” Babcock said of Leivo … Bergeron scored in the first period, taking advantage after Matthews, Jake Gardiner and Nikita Zaitsev played hot potato with the puck. Bergeron beat Andersen with a high shot at 4:29 … The Leafs tied the game on a power play at 8:03 when Mitch Marner's centring pass was re-directed past Bruins goalie Tuukka Rask and into the net by Boston defenceman Charlie McAvoy … Morgan Rielly returned after missing six games with an arm injury, while Hainsey had missed two because of illness … Not long before David Pastrnak gave the Bruins a 2-1 lead at 9:22 of the second period on a power play, Tyler Bozak and Marner failed to score on Grade-A chances. The goal on Andersen was weak, trickling in from a difficult angle … Boston increased its lead to 3-1 at 16:47 of the second, scoring with another man advantage when Torey Krug blasted a one-timer past Andersen on the short side … Said Babcock in the morning: “The special teams battle will be important just because they are so good on special teams.” The Leafs lost the battle … The Leafs had a scare midway through the third period as rookie defenceman Travis Dermott left after taking a knee from David Backes. Dermott was able to leave the ice under his own power, but went to the dressing room immediately. He returned to the bench moments later. “Caught me in a weird spot, but not my knee,” Dermott said. “It's all good there and the feeling passed, which is the best way to put it. Safe to say I'm good to go.” … Rask improved to 18-0-2 in his past 20 games … Nazem Kadri extended his point streak to five games.
FROM THE HASH MARKS
Marner's goal was his fourth in seven games after he had five in the previous 47 … Rielly's assist was his 27th, tying his career high … With the activation of Rielly from injured reserve, Justin Holl, who had been recalled on an emergency basis, was sent back to the Toronto Marlies. It's unlikely we've seen the last of Holl — who became the first Leafs defenceman to score in each of his first two NHL games — with the big club. Roman Polak was on the ice for the morning skate but remained on injured reserve with a viral infection.
tkoshan@postmedia.com
twitter.com/koshtorontosun
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) — Gas prices in Buffalo are up one cent from last week, on average.
AAA reports the average price around here to be $2.39 per gallon, while the national average is $2.35. The national average did not change from last week.
One year ago, the state average was $2.30, but this week, it is 18 cents higher than that.
“With increases predicted through the rest of August, consumers will be happy to see the steady gas prices this week,” AAA said. “Demand will likely start to decline as families get ready for back to school. Refineries are about a month away from the winter blend release date, when consumers can expect the cheaper blend of gasoline.”
Panic! At The Disco are releasing a new album, Pray For The Wicked, in a couple months. In the music video for its lead single, “Say Amen (Saturday Night),” Brendon Urie fights off a team of home invaders in creatively gory ways, and one of those ways involves someone stabbing a knife through a potato, which Urie then stabs into the invader's face. (It's a fun video — we named it the best video of the week back when it came out.)
Naturally, the band has started sending out potatoes to their fans, as Alt Press points out. Some of them feature a cut-out of Urie, others have the group's logo on them, and others still have song titles and lyrics. They're being sent using mysterypotato.com, an real site where you can send gift potatoes to anyone you want. (Mother's Day is coming up? Could be fun!)
They're not the first band to send potatoes out as a way to promote their upcoming album. Last year, the West Virginia band Rozwell Kid also sent out spuds to select music critics as a way to deliver their most recent album, Precious Art. Some of the Stereogum staff got them.
We've reached out to P!ATD's representatives via potato and will update when we hear back.
Panic related potatoes have been sent out to fans! Tag us if you've received any! pic.twitter.com/2TB3bk1pAi — Panic! Updating (@panicupdating) April 23, 2018
Published:
Abdulateef Babatunde, a 21-year-old man is to die by hanging for robbing two men including a policeman of their motorcycles at gunpoint. Justice Dele Omotoso of an Ekiti State High Court sitting in Ado-Ekiti on Tuesday found Babatunde guilty of the charge of the two count charge of armed robbery preferred against him.
According to the charge sheet, Babatunde on or about June 16, 2016 along NTA Road, Ado-Ekiti, robbed one Sgt. Kayode Babatimilehin of his Bajaj motorcycle with registration number GED 550 QA.
Babatunde also robbed one Sheidu Ganiyu of his Bajaj motorcycle with registration number ADK 193 QH, in similar circumstance the same day. The convict, while committing the robbery, was armed with offensive weapons including a gun.
Babatunde allegedly stopped Babatimilehin and asked for his ticket but the policeman told the convict that he was not a commercial motorcycle operator. The policeman said the convict brought out a locally-made pistol pointed it at him and dispossessed him of the bike.
He said the convict was later arrested after being given a hot chase by some bike riders and was taken to Okesa Police Station.
Ganiyu, in his evidence, told the court that he gave the convict a ride on his motorcycle from Egbewa area heading to Abuja Quarters in Ado Ekiti but the convict asked that he be dropped in a lonely place.
The victim told the court that three men emerged from the bush in the area and pointed guns at him and all of them made away with his motorcycle. Ganiyu explained that he later heard that the convict had been arrested and the motorcycle recovered from him.
The prosecution called six witnesses and tendered exhibits including the stolen motorcycle, statement of the convict and one locally made pistol while defense did not call any witness.
Share This
In Albania, legend has it that staring into the almond-shaped eyes of the Balkan Lynx renders you blind.
But today, sightings of the rare wildcat have become so unlikely that conservationists have raised a red flag about its future.
Only about 40 of these animals still roam the mountains of Albania and neighboring Macedonia, according to estimates by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), which in 2015 classed the "Lynx lynx balcanicus" as critically endangered.
Since 2006 a regional initiative has been under way to prevent the lynx from becoming extinct.
Now, Albania, Kosovo, Macedonia and Montenegro are all part of the program to expand protection zones for the Balkan Lynx, raise awareness, especially among youngsters, and combat deforestation and poaching.
It is a challenge, but there are signs of hope.
Sightings
"This lynx was spotted on April 16 at 3:50 a.m.," says Aleksander Trajce, head of the Protection and Preservation of Natural Environment in Albania.
Examining the photograph of what looks like a big spotted cat with very pointed ears walking in the snow through the night, his excitement is obvious.
The image was captured, he explains, by dedicated cameras, set up on the mountain of Munella, in northeastern Albania.
The possible sighting of the Balkan Lynx, an adult female, is encouraging for those fighting to save it.
"All proof documenting the presence and the reproduction of lynx, little or adult, is a hope for the survival" of the species, said Dime Melovski, of the Macedonian Ecological Society.The Balkan Lynx "is the most jeopardized lynx in the world," he added.
Patchy regional presence
The population is currently concentrated in Albania and Macedonia."Two, or even possibly three, individuals have equally been spotted in the mountains of Kosovo," Trajce said.But he added that it was not possible to say if they originated from among those already known about in Albania and had wandered across or were a separate line of reproduction.
And Melovski said it was "currently considered unlikely" for there to be any Balkan Lynx in Montenegro and Greece.
'Critical'
The number of Balkan Lynx has been falling "for years," said Elvana Ramaj, the Albanian environment ministry's official in charge of biodiversity.
She said it had now reached a "critical" point for the animal's existence.
In the 1970s, the region had had about 280 individual Balkan Lynxes, according to biodiversity experts.
But the impact of civil unrest, an unstable socioeconomic transition, poaching and habitat destruction hav
e all taken a toll.
Albania suffered rampant deforestation in the 1990s, destroying the habitat and hunting ground of the lynx.
Poaching has been another factor in its demise, although in Albania it is becoming increasingly rare and much less socially accepted.
National symbol
In a zoo on northern Albania's Shkodra Lake, a yowling male Balkan Lynx is testimony to the injury that humans can inflict on animals.
Trailing its left leg, whose tendons were cut in a trap nine years ago, it limps around its cage.
In the wild, "he would be dead, he would not feed himself, nor withstand the cold," said Sokol Kota, the 37-year old zookeeper.
Apart from behind the bars of a cage, or on the face of Macedonia's five-denar coin - the animal is the Macedonian national symbol - it is difficult to see a lynx.
As well as their rarity, the felines usually only venture out in the evening or at night to feed on squirrels and rabbits.
During the day, they sleep, safely hidden away in western Macedonia's mountainous national park of Mavrovo and Albania's Munella peak.
(Photo by Anthony Behar/Sipa USA)
The latest icon to be marred by sexual misconduct allegations is the celebrity chef and noted Croc shoe lover Mario Batali.
Eater is reporting that multiple women have come forward to share their stories of harassment by Batali, mostly stemming from the 1990s.
Via a statement to Eater, Batali apologized but did not deny the stories.
“I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt. Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted. That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family.”
Batali will be stepping away from his restaurants and will no longer appear as the co-host of ABC's daytime talk and cooking show The Chew.
Bradford Hornsby is an editor, music writer, web producer, and pop culture blogger for Entercom stations in the San Francisco Bay Area. Find him on Twitter at @bradfordhornsby.
Yesterday was the birthday of Official Website Physicist™ Sean Carroll, and he posted this photo on his Facebook page, which I have permission to display here along with its caption. Do note that there are two kittens in the photo (he and Jennifer are their staff). Can you spot both of them?
“I wouldn't give a damn for a physicist if he didn't have a cat.”
—Albert Einstein
TOWN OF SHELDON, N.Y. (WIVB) — A Java man was killed in a two-vehicle crash in Wyoming County Sunday morning.
New York State Police say Alex Dedoszak, 20, was driving east on Perry Rd. in the Town of Sheldon when he failed to negotiate a curve, and struck a vehicle in the westbound lane.
First responders tried to save his life, but Dedoszak was pronounced dead at the scene.
Officials are investigating the crash.
By Jolyn Rosa
HONOLULU (Reuters) - Molten rock from several lava-spewing fissures opened by Kilauea Volcano crept toward clusters of homes and vacation rentals on the eastern tip of Hawaii's Big Island on Wednesday, as authorities ushered residents from the area as a precaution.
Evacuation of the Vacationland development and adjacent Kapoho community, rebuilt after a destructive eruption of Kilauea in 1960, came on the 28th day of what geologists rank as one of the biggest upheavals in a century from one of the world's most active volcanoes.
The Hawaii County Civil Defense agency issued the advisory as lava flows picked up speed late on Tuesday and early on Wednesday and threatened to cut off a key traffic route into the seaside area on the far eastern flank of the volcano.
"Residents in the Kapoho area, including Kapoho Beach Lots and Vacationland, are advised to evacuate," the agency said in a morning bulletin. "You are at risk of being isolated due to possible lava inundation of Beach Road."
On Tuesday, a lava stream crossed a larger east-west route, Highway 132, as it advanced toward Kapoho. A separate flow of red-hot molten rock was headed in the direction of the Vacationland Hawaii community to the south.
Civil defence officials also cited the problem of widespread communication outages in the area due to downed power and phone lines, reinforcing the decision to proceed with evacuation plans immediately rather than wait for a potential emergency.
Residents of the area, part of the Island of Hawaii's Puna district, were urged to stay tuned to local radio stations for further updates.
The numbers of people and homes affected by the evacuation were not immediately known. They join some 2,000 residents displaced due to lava flows and toxic sulphur dioxide gas emissions at the outset of the eruption nearly four weeks ago farther west, in and around the Leilani Estates community.
Kilauea's main crater at the volcano's summit has continued to periodically belch ash high up into the sky. But National Weather Service meteorologist Tom Birchard told reporters during a conference call that most of the ash was blowing out to sea on the prevailing trade winds, then dissipating quickly.
Nevertheless, some ash and fumes have been spouted high enough into the atmosphere to be carried far over the Pacific Ocean, with observers in the Marshall Islands, Micronesia and Guam detecting traces of vog - a hazy mix of sulphur dioxide, aerosols, moisture and fine particles, Birchard said.
Kilauea rumbled back to life on May 3 as it began extruding lava and toxic gases through a series of cracks in the ground on its eastern flank, marking the latest phase of an eruption cycle that has continued nearly nonstop for 35 years.
The occurrence of new lava vents, or fissures, now numbering about two dozen, have been accompanied by flurries of earthquakes and intermittent eruptions from the summit crater. More than 40 homes and other structures have been consumed by lava flows since then.
(Reporting by Jolyn Rosa; Additonal reporting and writing by Steve Gorman in Los Angeles; Editing by Sandra Maler)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
The University of Iowa held their annual dance marathon over the weekend. It's the largest one in the country.
This year the University raised $3,011,015.24 for the kids at the Children's Hospital.
The dancers dance for 24 hours to raise money for the University of Iowa Stead Family Children's Hospital.
A mini dance marathon was held at the hospital for kids who can't make it to the big DANCE event at Iowa Memorial Union.
The kids got to show off their dance moves, and play games. Organizer Riley Coyle says, "We do this for the in-patients that don't get to leave that are on isolation and things like that so that they're not allowed to leave the hospital, but we still want to show them love from dance marathon."
Parker Hopkins was one of the kids taking part in the mini dance marathon. His leukemia is in remission, but he isn't ready to be around large crowds.
His brother Maddox was his donor. Their father Kiefer says the two are inseparable. He adds, "They are very close. They hold hands while he takes medicine and they do everything together. He wants to be just like his older brother."
Hopkins says "I think it will mean a lot more to him next year. He's still kind of young, but he will be able to realize, and take it in more next year."
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Alibaba Group Holding Ltd:
* ALIBABA GROUP ANNOUNCES DECEMBER QUARTER 2017 RESULTS
* ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LTD QTRLY REVENUE WAS RMB83,028 MILLION (US$12,761 MILLION), AN INCREASE OF 56% YEAR-OVER-YEAR
* ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LTD QTRLY EARNINGS PER SHARE $1.41
* ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LTD - MOBILE MAUS ON CHINA RETAIL MARKETPLACES REACHED 580 MILLION IN DECEMBER 2017, AN INCREASE OF 31 MILLION OVER SEPTEMBER 2017
* ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LTD QTRLY NON-GAAP EARNINGS PER SHARE $1.63
* ALIBABA - NOW SEES FISCAL 2018 REVENUE GROWTH OF 55-56 PERCENT
* ALIBABA GROUP- ANNUAL ACTIVE CONSUMERS ON CHINA RETAIL MARKETPLACES REACHED 515 MILLION IN DECEMBER, UP 27 MILLION FROM 12-MONTH PERIOD ENDED SEPT 30, 2017
* ALIBABA - RAISING FISCAL 2018 REVENUE GROWTH GUIDANCE DUE TO STRONG PERFORMANCE IN QUARTER & “CLEAR VISIBILITY” APPROACHING END OF FISCAL YEAR
* ALIBABA GROUP HOLDING LTD - DURING QUARTER TOOK IMPAIRMENT LOSS OF RMB18,116 MILLION ($2,784 MILLION) WITH RESPECT TO ALIBABA PICTURES Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A ship sails next to a wind turbine off the port of Blyth EDF Energy Renewables finished the construction of the offshore wind farm with five turbines off the coast of Blyth. The five wind turbines stand out from the seascape just a short distance from Blyth Harbour, near Newcastle in north-eastern England.
The Solano County District Attorney's Office decided Wednesday to drop a DUI charge against a Fairfield man who only tested positive for caffeine.
The charges were dropped more than 16 months after Joseph Schwab, 36, was pulled over on Interstate 680 near Gold Hill Road as he drove to his Fairfield home.
"After further consideration, without a confirmatory test of the specific drug in the defendant's system that impaired his ability to drive, we do not believe we can prove the charge beyond a reasonable doubt," District Attorney Krishna Abrams said Wednesday in a news release.
Read Article
Send this to a friend
Hi! A visitor to our site felt the following article might be of interest to you: Fun Fliers thanks local businesses. Here is a link to that story: https://www.dailycall.com/opinion/letters/42661/fun-fliers-thanks-local-businesses
You have to admire Joseph Kabila's cheek, if nothing else. On Jan. 26, at his first press conference in five years, the long-serving president of the Democratic Republic of Congo said: “We have to have elections as scheduled.” But they were scheduled for December 2016.
Kabila had been in office for 14 years by then, but somehow he had forgotten that you need an up-to-date voters' list before you can hold an election. So he generously offered to stay in office as president for another year while this was done, even though he was not allowed to run for a third term as president.
The various opposition parties and the Roman Catholic Church, which has immense influence in the DRC, were not greatly pleased by that. However, they reluctantly agreed to go along with it and the election was rescheduled for December 2017 — last month.
As it became clear the deadline would not be met the demonstrations and protests multiplied, and the “security forces” grew more repressive: a recent UN report found that state agents had carried out 1,176 killings in 2017. And late last year Kabila declared the elections would have to be postponed again, to December 2018.
“Kabila does not have any intention to leave power,” said Felix Tshisekedi, a prominent opposition leader, after the latest postponement. “His strategy is to spread chaos across the country and then delay elections because he'll claim there is too much violence.”
The violence is certainly increasing, and there is a serious risk that Congo is sliding back towards civil war, but it's too simple to blame it all on Kabila.
Kabila came to power when his father, Laurent-Desire Kabila, a warlord who had emerged victorious in the first civil war in 1997, was assassinated in 2001. He was only 29 at the time (although his father had already made him army chief of staff), and he had no political following of his own.
He has subsequently become very rich, but he is still not a powerful figure in his own right. He was put in office by the security forces, now dominated by the men who led his father's rebel army, and he remains largely a figurehead while they make the real decisions. The problem is that they can't decide who should replace him.
Kabila didn't actually forget to change the law that restricted him to two terms of office. Doing that would have been simple enough if the men who really run things had all wanted him to stay in office. (Three other African leaders have changed the rules on term limits so they could stay in office in just the past year.)
Nor is there much doubt that Kabila would have won if there had been an election last year or the year before. It's the regime's own people who are slowly compiling the voters' lists, and the choices they make will doubtless guarantee a victory for the regime.
The situation is drifting toward chaos because the various factions within the security forces cannot agree whether to keep Kabila in power or switch to another figurehead.
It's all about who has access to resources (for which read money) within the regime, but meanwhile 81-million Congolese are being dragged toward another civil war. The last one, in 1998-2003, killed at least five-million Congolese, mostly from hunger and disease. They do not need another.
There is already heavy fighting between militia groups and the army in the east and southeast, with the majority of the casualties, as usual, being civilians.
It would be comforting to believe that an election could stop all this, but it can't. What is required is a strong and reasonably honest government that can reassert control over this huge country, the poorest in the world.
It is sheer fantasy to imagine that a country bigger than all of western Europe, but with less in the way of all-weather roads than tiny Luxembourg and a per capita income of about a dollar a day, can be saved by a free election. Communications are so poor that there is no genuine “public opinion,” and beyond Kinshasa, the capital, almost all political loyalties are tribal.
Democracy is important, and for most African countries — for most countries anywhere — it is the best solution. But the Congo is too big, too poor and too ethnically fragmented for that to work yet. Elections are symbolically important because they embody the principles of popular sovereignty and the rule of law, but everybody who might actually get elected belongs to a small privileged elite.
A relatively small part of that group, the “security elite,” have been running everything since the turn of the century, and the first order of business must be for them to make a deal on who their candidate will be at the next election. Whoever that is will certainly win, and it hardly matters whether it is Kabila or somebody else. Those behind the scenes will still pull the strings.
But until they reach an agreement about the regime's candidate, the country will continue to drift, and it is drifting into dangerous waters.
Gwynne Dyer is an independent journalist whose articles are published in 45 countries.
LOS ANGELES — The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
The Associated Press obtained the lawsuit filed Wednesday in U.S. court in Los Angeles against the network and parent company Disney.
It alleges that last week's special, “The Last Days of Michael Jackson,” illegally uses significant excerpts of his most valuable songs, including “Billie Jean” and “Bad,” and music videos, including “Thriller” and “Black or White.” It says the special also used clips from a documentary and feature film belonging to the estate.
ABC representatives didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. But when the Jackson camp raised objections last week, the network defended it as a news show that didn't violate the estate's rights.
Lakengren POA held its annual celebration of Independence Day complete with fireworks, on Saturday evening, June 30, kicking off celebrations around the county this week. The staff of The Register-Herald wishes everyone a safe and happy July 4.
https://www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2018/07/web1_3-burst.jpg Lakengren POA held its annual celebration of Independence Day complete with fireworks, on Saturday evening, June 30, kicking off celebrations around the county this week. The staff of The Register-Herald wishes everyone a safe and happy July 4. https://www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2018/07/web1_behind-the-damn.jpg Lakengren POA held its annual celebration of Independence Day complete with fireworks, on Saturday evening, June 30, kicking off celebrations around the county this week. The staff of The Register-Herald wishes everyone a safe and happy July 4. https://www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2018/07/web1_dbl-red-burst.jpg https://www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2018/07/web1_lake-at-dark.jpg https://www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2018/07/web1_rain-shower.jpg
THE University of Cebu (UC) Baby Webmasters and the reigning Cesafi champions University of the Visayas (UV) Baby Lancers clash for the last spot in the finals in a crucial game in the high school division of the 2018 Cesafi Partner's Cup today at the Cebu Coliseum.
With the University of Southern Philippines Foundation Baby Panthers already bagging the first finals berth by virtue of their 5-1 win-loss card, UC and UV are left to duke it out for the other. UC owns a 4-1 record while UV totes a 3-1 card.
Tournament rules state that the top finishers of the elimination round will advance to the best-of-three finals, which begins on Sunday.
Meanwhile, the USPF Panthers will try to lock up their spot in the battle for third place honors when they battle the University of San Jose-Recoletos (USJ-R) Jaguars in the collegiate division.
Losers of two straight after opening this competition with three consecutive wins, the Panthers are seeking to get back on the winning track, but will have to do so against a Jaguars team that is vying for stability, after winning just two of their five assignments in this tournament.
USJ-R is also apparently going through some coaching turmoil with head coach Titing Manalili being seen coaching the Cebu City Sharks in the MPBL last Tuesday.
First baseman Chris Davis was put on the DL by the Baltimore Orioles because of a strained right oblique.
Davis left Baltimore's loss to the Chicago White Sox on Monday in the third inning. He is batting .226 with 14 homers and 26 RBIs.
Sabathia suffers hamstring sprain
New York Yankees left-hander CC Sabathia was diagnosed with Grade 2 left hamstring strain Wednesday and could be out at least four weeks.
The Yankees have not put Sabathia on the disabled list. He was injured pushing off the mound Tuesday against the Angels.
Sabathia has a 0.99 ERA in his last six starts.
Shields is set to return
James Shields is ready to return to the White Sox rotation.
The right-hander is scheduled to start Sunday at Toronto after being sidelined the last two months because of a strained right back muscle. He is 1-0 with a 1.62 ERA in three starts.
Braves' Garcia sidelined
Atlanta Braves third baseman Adonis Garcia is expected to be sidelined two months after having surgery Monday for ligament damage in his left ring finger.
Garcia, who was put on the DL on June 7, was injured while taking a swing. He is hitting .247 with four homers and 16 RBIs.
The August 21 solar eclipse, when passage of the moon completely blocks out the sun, will be seen first in Oregon and cut diagonally across 14 states to South Carolina. Millions are expected to flock to see the first total solar eclipse visible coast-to-coast since 1918 - but will they also see.... dailymail 10:38:00 PM CEST
Improving performance Reporting on Tuesday was specialist Emerging Markets asset manager, Ashmore (LSE: ASHM). It has made progress in the third quarter, with assets under management increasing by $3.7bn during the period. This was aided by positive investment performance of…
Finding shares which offer better-than-expected performance is challenging at the best of times. However, now that the UK?s political and economic outlook has been made even more uncertain with a General Election, finding outperforming shares may be more difficult than ever. Despite this, there are stocks which could beat the index and investor expectations. Here are two prime examples.
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
Finding shares which offer better-than-expected performance is challenging at the best of times. However, now that the UK's political and economic outlook has been made even more uncertain with a General Election, finding outperforming shares may be more difficult than ever. Despite this, there are stocks which could beat the index and investor expectations. Here are two prime examples.
Improving performance
Reporting on Tuesday was specialist Emerging Markets asset manager, Ashmore (LSE: ASHM). It has made progress in the third quarter, with assets under management increasing by $3.7bn during the period. This was aided by positive investment performance of $2.3bn and net inflows of $1.4bn. Net inflows were primarily driven by an increase in the level of gross subscriptions, through new mandates and incremental allocations from existing clients, as well as a reduction in redemptions.
Looking ahead, Ashmore's strong investment performance in areas such as Emerging Markets could help to improve its financial outlook. The company is forecast to record a 14% rise in its bottom line in the current year. This puts its shares on a price-to-earnings growth (PEG) ratio of just 1.2, which indicates that they offer good value for money even while the FTSE 100 is close to a record high.
In terms of its dividend outlook, Ashmore's 4.8% dividend yield is above the FTSE 100's yield of around 3.7%. Since its dividends are covered 1.3 times by profit, they appear to be sustainable and could rise at a similar pace to profit growth in the long run. Certainly, asset management companies tend to be relatively cyclical. However, with clear growth potential, Emerging Markets could be a strong sector in future years. Therefore, now seems to be the right time to invest in the company for the long run.
Dividend growth potential
While technology-based service company Nex Group (LSE: NXG) has a dividend yield of just 2.7%, its outlook as an income stock is relatively positive. A key reason for this is the company's growth potential, with its bottom line due to rise by 6% in the current year, and by a further 14% next year.
Beyond that, more growth is on the cards as the company has a relatively strong position in its areas of operation. Therefore, its competitive advantage may prove to be relatively high in the long run.
Over the course of the next two years, Nex Group is expected to record a rise in its dividend payout of over 20%. This puts it on a forward dividend yield of 3.2% and since dividends are expected to be covered 1.9 times by profit next year, there seems to be scope for further rapid rises in shareholder payouts beyond the 2019 financial year.
With Nex Group trading on a PEG ratio of 1.2, now seems to be an opportune time to buy it. The company appears to have a potent mix of growth, value and income potential for the long run.
NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks slumped Friday, pulling down the Dow Jones industrial average by more than 650 points and handing the market its worst week in two years.
Technology, banks and energy stocks accounted for much of the broad slide. Several major companies, including Exxon Mobil and Google's parent company, Alphabet, sank after reporting weak earnings.
Fears of rising inflation sent bond yields higher and contributed to the stock market swoon after the government reported that wages grew last month at the fastest pace in eight years.
The sharp drop follows a long period of unprecedented calm in the market. Stocks haven't had a pullback of 10 percent or more in two years, and hit their latest record highs just one week ago.
“We've enjoyed low interest rates for so long, we're having to deal with a little bit higher rates now, so the market is trying to figure out what that could mean for inflation,” said Darrell Cronk, head of the Wells Fargo Investment Institute.
The increase in bond yields hurts stocks in two ways: it makes it more expensive for companies to borrow money, and it also makes bonds more appealing to investors than riskier assets such as stocks.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 59.85 points, or 2.1 percent, to 2,762.13. That's the biggest loss for the benchmark index since September 2016. The S&P 500 has lost 3.9 percent since hitting a record high a week ago.
The Dow Jones industrial average lost 665.75 points, or 2.4 percent, to 25,520.96. The Nasdaq slid 144.92 points, or 2 percent, to 7,240.95. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks gave up 32.59 points, or 2.1 percent, to 1,547.27.
While interest rates are still low by historical standards, meaning borrowing is still relatively cheap for businesses and people, they've been rising more swiftly, and that's what has markets on edge.
“The pace of rate increases is more important than the level,” said Nate Thooft, senior portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management.
The increase in rates has been driven by the prospect of stronger economic growth, and higher inflation, in the U.S. and abroad.
Bond prices declined again Friday, pushing yields higher. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note, a benchmark for interest rates on many kinds of loans, including mortgages, climbed to 2.83 percent, the highest level in roughly four years. The rate was at 2.41 percent four weeks ago and 2.66 percent on Monday.
“Once we started going north of 2.5 percent, and you put that together with an overbought market, it had the ingredients of a sell-off, especially since January was so strong,” said Jeff Zipper, regional investment strategist at U.S. Bank Private Wealth Management.
The S&P 500, which many index funds track, soared 5.6 percent in January, its biggest monthly gain since March 2016.
The expectation among investors has long been for a gradual rise in interest rates, as the Federal Reserve slowly pulls back from the stimulus that it implemented for the economy amid the Great Recession. But if rates rise more quickly than expected, it could upset markets.
The key concern is that the Fed will respond to higher inflation by raising its key interest rate more quickly than expected. The government's latest job and wage data stoked those concerns Friday.
U.S. employers added a robust 200,000 jobs in January, slightly above market expectations for an 185,000 increase. Meanwhile wages rose sharply, suggesting employers are competing more fiercely for workers. The figures point to an economy on strong footing even in its ninth year of expansion, fueled by global economic growth and healthy consumer spending at home.
That's good news for Main Street USA, but not for Wall Street. Investors fear the pickup in hourly wages, along with a recent uptick in inflation, may make it more likely that the Fed will raise short-term interest rates more quickly in the coming months. Some economists were predicting Friday that the central bank will raise its benchmark rate four times this year, rather than the three times most previously expected.
“With financial conditions continuing to ease and core price inflation also starting to pick up, we expect this will persuade the Fed to hike rates four times this year,” Andrew Hunter, an economist with Capital Economics, wrote in a published note Friday.
The market slide may have been overdue, particularly after the strong start for stocks this year where the S&P 500 had its best January in two decades.
The global economy is still strong, corporate profits and sales have been better than expected this reporting season and buyers for stocks still remain, all reasons to be optimistic about stocks, said Nate Thooft, senior portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management.
“It's appealing, these 2 to 3 percent pullbacks,” said Thooft, who had been trimming some of his stock holdings after the market's big January gains. “We look at this and say, ‘Maybe it's your first day to buy a little bit.'”
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Some health-care workers in Edmonton were wearing red on Friday to help shine a spotlight on heart disease in women. Emily Mertz explains.
A relief program is helping local veterans put food in their stomachs Friday morning.
Soldiers' Angels is hosting a veteran mobile food distribution for homeless, at-risk and low-income veteran families from Charleston. The group partnered with the Lowcountry Food Bank and the Ralph Johnson VA Medical Center for the event.
Over 200 veteran families will receive food as part of the program.
Copyright 2017 WCSC. All rights reserved.
Just last week we said goodbye to Olivia Pope in the series finale of Scandal, and now, all we're left with is First Lady Melania Trump wearing the white hat. Let's all take a moment to reflect on the irony of this situation...
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
And one more just for good measure...
Okay, that's enough. Let's unpack this.
To welcome French President Emmanuel Macron and First Lady Brigitte Macron to the White House this morning, Melania Trump donned an all-white Michael Kors Collection look: a crisp belted white blazer, a pencil skirt, and a wide-brim white hat.
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The whole ensemble practically screamed Olivia Pope, so much so that Scandal's costume designer, Lyn Paolo, even noticed on Twitter.
Is Melania wearing the white hat?? She is certainly wearing Olivia's jacket....I see #Scandal everywhere....#Gladiators — Lyn Paolo (@LynPaolo) April 24, 2018
Though the First Lady's look was undeniably chic, its symbolism raises a lot of questions. "Wear the white hat," of course, refers to the act of a hero saving the day. It also symbolizes morality. Was Trump trying to say she's here to save democracy? Is she trying to send a signal à la Olivia Pope? Or is she simply just as bummed as the rest of us that Scandal is officially over (the TV version, that is)?
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty Images
Regardless of what she was trying to convey with her outfit, the First Lady certainly stole the show at The White House this morning—and maybe that in itself was the point of the look. If only white hats could talk...
Either way, this is not the Scandal reboot we asked for. Please help, Shonda Rhimes. In the meantime, I'll leave you with this ominous sneak peek at the White House's next horror film:
Larry King will sue “Daily Mail TV” over allegations that he groped a woman, insists his lawyer.
On Monday Terry Richard, the ex-wife of singer Eddie Fisher, told the show that King groped her in 2005, saying that he slipped his hand down the back of her backless dress while they were posing for a picture together and that, on another occasion, groped her butt so forcefully that it left a bruise.
But later King's lawyer, Hollywood power lawyer Bert Fields told Page Six that King “flatly and unequivocally denies these claims” and that he “intends to file suit and prove that they're utterly false.”
Sources say that King's team warned the show last week that he would sue if the story was published.
Richard claimed that King first groped her at a 2005 baseball award ceremony in LA, saying that he slipped his hand down the back of her dress.
“His fingers went into the crack of my ass!” Fisher said. She said that a year later — again when they were taking a picture together — King groped her butt so forcefully that it left a bruise.
Richard said, “Larry King is a groper. He groped me twice. He gets a thrill doing this in front of the camera, knowing I couldn't do anything.”
King's lawyer told the show that Richard's claim is false as. “Mr. King did no such thing then or ever,” said the lawyer.
A “Daily Mail TV” rep did not get back to us.
By Rob Kiser
rkiser@aimmediamidwest. com
SIDNEY — Piqua girls basketball team went three-balling Saturday afternoon.
Which was more than enough to overwhelm GWOC American foe Sidney in a 47-19 Indians victory.
And no one is better at that sport than Piqua senior guard Lily Stewart.
Already the career 3-point leader at Piqua, Stewart extended her single game record of seven Saturday.
Stewart scorched the nets on eight of her first 10 3-point attempts, finished with nine 3-pointers on 14 attempts and her 29 points were 10 more than Sidney could manage.
“For sure (she had a good feeling going into the game),” Stewart said. “It is all about the team. It is always good to beat Sidney.”
Piqua improved to 6-13 overall and 4-9 in GWOC American action, while Sidney dropped to 2-17 and 2-11.
“Sidney is going through a tough season,” Gillespie said. “I have been there. You just don't want to let a team like that hang around.”
And Piqua executed that strategy to perfection.
Piqua made its first seven 3-point attempts (five by Stewart, two by Skylar Sloan).
The seventh one was a bank by Stewart — that she called.
That came with 6:32 remaining in the first half and put her at 17 points for the game.
“I said bank before I released it — and then it banked in,” Stewart said with a smile. “I would say it is (a sign things are going your way).”
And exactly what Gillespie was looking for.
“I believer when you put one three in after another and they start to pile up — that is tough on the other team,” Gillespie said. “I have been there — I feel bad for them — when you are having a year like that, it is tough to come back when you get way down.”
To Sidney's credit, eight points by Hallie Truesdale helped the Jackets battle back to 27-15 at the break as Piqua's only points the rest of the half were a basket by Kelsey Magoteaux in the final minute of the half.
And it stayed that way for awhile.
Neither team scored in the first 3:56 of the second half.
Then Stewart hit three straight threes to open the lead to 38-15 and put the game away for good.
“I think this was the most complete game, I have seen Lily (Stewart) play,” Gillespie said about her career high.
Not that Piqua didn't have a lot of other positives.
Sidney made just two of 17 shots in the second half, scoring four points.
“What a great defensive effort by our kids,” Gillespie said. ‘They played so hard. It is great to be healthy. We only had four and a half healthy kids against Tipp Wednesday (due to sickness).”
It was also the return of Tylah Yeomans, who suffered a knee injury early in the season. Everybody held their breaths early in the fourth quarter, but she hopped right back up.
“She took a shot and it didn't hurt her knee at all,” Gillespie said. “We were able to get her about five minutes.”
Magoteaux had a strong floor game with 10 rebounds and six steals, while Kelsey Bachman dished out five assists.
Truesdale led Sidney with eight points.
Piqua was 15 of 38 from the floor for 40 percent — including 11 of 19 from 3-point range for 58 percent. The Indians made six of 10 free throws for 60 percent.
Sidney was 8 of 34 from the floor for 24 percent and two of three from the line for 67 percent.
Piqua won the battle of the boards 25-18 and had nine turnovers to Sidney's 15.
Ironically, Piqua made just four two-point field goals all game.
“We have kids who can shoot the three,” Gillespie said. “Sometimes that works out a lot better.”
And the Indians will look to play some more “three-ball” Monday when they travel to Bellefontaine.
BOXSCORE
Piqua (47)
Lauren Williams 0-0-0, Kelsey Magoteaux 1-2-4, Skylar Sloan 2-0-6, Emily Powell 0-0-0, Lily Stewart 10-0-29, Kelsey Bachman 1-2-4, Elizabeth Kidwell 0-0-0, Tayler Grunkemeyer 1-0-2, Tylah Yeomans 0-2-2, Jordan Karn 0-0-0. Totals: 15-6-47.
Sidney (19)
Carrie Nuss 0-0-0, Hallie Truesdale 4-0-8, Alina Kindle 1-0-3, Carly Dean 0-2-2, Emma Wiford 1-0-2, Kyana Johnson 1-0-2, Keliyah Marcus 0-0-0, Samantha Reynolds 1-0-2, Maddie White 0-0-0, Lauren Baker 0-0-0. Totals: 8-2-19.
3-point field goals — Piqua: Sloan (2), Stewart (9). Sidney: Kindle.
Score By Quarters
Piqua 20 27 42 47
Sidney 9 15 17 19
Records: Piqua 6-13 (4-9), Sidney 2-17 (2-11).
Jessica Alba Tries To Cover Her Belly In A Bikini Alongside Daughters
Posted by : Trinity Persons On : January 2, 2017
When millennials found out that Jamie Foxx‘s name wasn't really Jamie Foxx, they felt “disrespected” and “misled,” he said.
“A lot of millennials flipped out when they found out my name was Eric Bishop,” he told a packed theater during a Tribeca Film Festival Talk at BMCC Tribeca Performing Arts Center on Monday night.
“Learn some s–t!,” he added as the crowd cracked up.
The comedian, 50, explained that after getting a standing ovation in a Los Angeles comedy club — by doing impressions of Mike Tyson and Ronald Reagan — jealousy started to catch on with his fellow, but more seasoned, comics.
“I'm thinking everything is going to go great,” he recalled. “But now every time I came back to that club they wouldn't let me on because you would have to sign your name on the list and the comedians ran the list, so every time they saw Eric Bishop they wouldn't put me on. So six weeks go by and I can't get on stage.”
After noticing that female comics went on before male comics, he wrote down unisex names like Tracy Green and Jamie Foxx — and waited to see what happened.
When “Jamie Foxx” was called, he took the stage, and recalled, “I ended up getting a standing ovation as Jamie Foxx and that's how the legend was born.”
However, getting used to his stage name took some time, he said, noting that people used to think he was “stuck up” for ignoring them.
“After I had a great set they were yelling my name like ‘Jamie! Jamie!' but I wasn't used to the name. Or like [people would say] ‘What's up Jamie,' and I wasn't looking at them.”
Foxx will appear on FOX for season two of “Beat Shazam” on May 29 with his daughter as the show's DJ.
Eminem celebrated 10 years of sobriety on Saturday ahead of his Coachella performance.
The 45-year-old rapper, whose real name is Marshall Mathers, took to social media to post a photo of a sobriety coin marking his decade-long journey.
“Celebrated my 10 years yesterday,” The Real Slim Shady rapper captioned the photo.
READ MORE: Eminem gives ultimatum to fans in anti-Trump freestyle
The coin, which is given to Alcoholics Anonymous members when they've hit a milestone, features a Roman numeral X on it along with the words “service,” “unity,” and “recovery.”
Celebrated my 10 years yesterday. pic.twitter.com/Xmm9MOIEam — Marshall Mathers (@Eminem) April 22, 2018
Rapper Royce Da 5'9 took to Twitter to congratulate Eminem on his accomplishment. “Happy sobriety birthday to my mentor @Eminem … Keep fighting the good fight homie … I love you for life,” he wrote.
Happy sobriety birthday to my mentor @Eminem … Keep fighting the good fight homie … I love you for life 🙏🏿 Story continues below — ROYCE (@Royceda59) April 21, 2018
Eminem had nearly died from an accidental overdose in 2007. The 8 Mile actor opened up about his history with addiction in an interview with Men's Journal in 2015.
“In 2007, I overdosed on pills, and I went into the hospital,” he said. “I was close to 230 pounds. I'm not sure how I got so big, but I have ideas. The coating on the Vicodin and the Valium I'd been taking for years leaves a hole in your stomach, so to avoid a stomach ache, I was constantly eating — and eating badly.”
He said that he was able to stay clean by focusing on exercise. “When I got out of rehab, I needed to lose weight, but I also needed to figure out a way to function sober,” he shared. “Unless I was blitzed out of my mind, I had trouble sleeping. So I started running. It gave me a natural endorphin high, but it also helped me sleep, so it was perfect. It's easy to understand how people replace addiction with exercise. One addiction for another, but one that's good for them.”
READ MORE: Eminem leads Reading Festival crowd in anti-Trump chant
The Revival rapper checked himself into rehab in 2008 and started the 12-step program. In 2009, after a five-year hiatus from his music career, he released the album Relapse.
In 2010, Eminem released his album Recovery, which featured the songs Won't Back Down featuring Pink, Not Afraid and Love the Way You Lie featuring Rihanna.
The rapper explained to the New York Times what his album Recovery referred to in 2010.
“I used to get pills wherever I could. I was just taking anything that anybody was giving to me,” he said, also specifying that he previously was a regular user of Vicodin, Valium, Ambien and methadone.
He also told the publication that his weekly visits with a rehab counselor, as well as his children, helped contribute to keeping him sober.
Since his return with 2009's Relapse and 2010's Recovery, Eminem has avoided the spotlight for the most part. His latest album Revival was released in December 2017.
"This is a team that was always a battle to play against, even when it was struggling," trade-deadline acquisition Ian Cole told the Columbus Dispatch. "That's just the identity that the Columbus Blue Jackets have. If we can continue to play with that identity, and also make plays and finish and create with the high-end talent and skill players we have, it makes for a very good mixture going forward."
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
2018 Ford Mustang Shelby GT350 Enlarge Photo
Ford's Mustang receives some significant updates for the 2018 model year but the changes don't affect the Shelby GT350 and GT350R.
The most significant change for the 2018 Shelby models is the addition of three new colors: Orange Fury, Kona Blue and Lead Foot Gray.
The cars are also available with an Electronics Package that adds the latest Sync infotainment system, voice-activated navigation and a 9-speaker sound system. Finally, Ford is offering a Convenience Package that replaces the manually-adjusted Recaro seats with 6-way power adjustable seats with heating and cooling functions plus suede inserts.
The cars stick with the sixth-generation Mustang's pre-facelifted design as well as a 6-speed manual and 5.2-liter V-8. The engine remains rated at 526 horsepower and 429 pound-feet of torque.
5.2-liter V-8 from the Ford Mustang Shelby GT350 Enlarge Photo
Ford is also quick to point out the cars continue with engine oil, transmission and differential coolers as standard. These were initially an option for some GT350 models, though Ford made them standard for 2017. Owners of some earlier cars have experienced overheating issues.
Other standard goodies include magnetic dampers and a Brembo brake package featuring 6-piston calipers and 15.5-inch discs on the front axle.
There was some talk of the Shelby duo being replaced by a new Shelby GT500 model currently in the works and thought to be due for the 2018 model year. However, Ford's latest announcement confirms that the GT350 and GT350R will be sticking around for at least another year.
The 2018 Mustang range will be available in showrooms this fall. Pricing information will be announced closer to the market launch.
If you are following the FIFA World Cup this season, you'd know about Brazilian player Neymar Jr's iconic rollover, which many have declared to be an “overdramatic” reaction.
Ever since, the internet has been flooding with the funniest Neymar Jr memes.
Neymar just keeps rolling rolling rolling... pic.twitter.com/RKaQLTHUs0 — Sam Sneddon (@samjsneddon1872) June 29, 2018
#SRBBRA when Neymar was rolling he reminded me of this guy pic.twitter.com/UQz6aCBYmP — Pastor Hlakudi (@Tumi_Hlakudi) June 27, 2018
The Jr in Neymar Jr stands for "just rolling" — My Surname is Khan™ (@ejaz_k) July 2, 2018
Neymar should be the ball because he's always rolling pic.twitter.com/YY1HmtBjND — Rey (@ReyLaMadrid) July 2, 2018
Though the Brazil player has defended himself, nothing seems to be able to put a stop to all the 'rolling rolling' jokes. Following these memes, the funniest of all the memes has now been released. There's a 20-second-clip that features children running on a field, each dodging their own football, and then suddenly they all fall and roll all over the ground.
Neymar got this kids like...... pic.twitter.com/zT7FySa5cN — ari (@finairlyanne) July 4, 2018
We know we are going to hell for all this mockery, but we CANNOT...STOP...LAUGHING!
There's another spoof video that was recently posted on Facebook, which is basically about how Neymar would react in different situations. It's called "How Neymar Does Things" and has over two million views.
More than marching to the quarterfinals oozing with confidence, the Philippines' victory over Vietnam in the 19th AVC Asian Senior Women's Championship means something to the Filipinos.
It means that the elusive bronze medal in the 29th Southeast Asian Games is within reach.
In a match billed as preview of the biennial meet in Kuala Lumpur next week, the Philippines delivered and displayed the deadly form it patiently polished in the quiet gymnasiums in Okayama City, Osaka and Kobe in Japan.
Alyssa Valdez and Jaja Santiago served as cannons at the attack zone while Maika Ortiz and Aby Marano provided the defensive blanket at the net with Dawn Macandili acting as a hungry wolf at the backline.
It was a total team effort.
These braved Filipinas proved that winning over a disciplined team like Vietnam is possible.
They proved that they deserve to return to the medal podium of the SEA Games.
Cursed
The road back to winning a medal in the regional spectacle has been a bumpy ride.
The last time the Filipinos won was in 2005 when the biennial meet was held in Bacolod City.
Since then, Philippine volleyball faded into oblivion as political mudslinging and bickering prevented the country from assembling a true-blue national team.
Ten years later, the Philippines returned to the Games.
But the field had greatly evolved.
Thailand, the team that the Nationals bullied in the gold-medal match of the 1993 Singapore SEA Games, morphed into a dragon that dominates event in the same manner the Filipinos dominate men's basketball competition.
Indonesia also blossomed into a force with powerful open spiker Aprilia Manganang carrying the torch while Vietnam remained solid due to its strong blocking and defensive discipline.
The Philippines suffered its worst finish ever – a sorry fifth-place finish – sending players, officials and even fans into thinking of what went wrong.
Although it tried to redeem its lost pride by competing in various international tourneys, the mere thought of once ruling the SEA Games seems like a distant memory, a faded glory left dusting in an oft-forgotten corner of the players' volleyball fantasy.
But on a balmy Monday night, a small miracle happened.
Ready to win
With thousands of fans watching live from the Alonte Sports Arena and in the comfort of their living room, the national squad finally broke the curse and prevailed over the Vietnamese in four sets.
The victory is very special to them as it would give them a mental edge when they face the Vietnamese in the SEA Games for a victory that would give them a fighting chance to win the bronze medal.
Vietnam and the Philippines are on the same bracket and if the Filipinos prevail in their battle on Aug. 25, they would punch one of the two semifinal tickets, virtually assuring them of fighting for the bronze medal.
And head coach Francis Vicente knows that.
“It's a major morale booster because the players would think that they are also capable of winning over Vietnam.” “If they believe that they can, then they can definitely do it. That's how it works.”
Vicente reiterated that their goal in the SEA Games is to win the bronze medal.
To some, it may be a noble target, but to the Filipinos, who have been salivating to return back to the medal podium, it's a victory that should be cherished.
It's a bronze that glitters like gold.
South Korea's spy agency said on Wednesday that Kim Jong-nam, the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, was poisoned by two suspected North Korean female agents, according to MPs briefed by the intelligence agency.
The agency also said North Korea had long prepared for the murder of Kim Jong-nam, the MPs said, although they did not explain how the agency knows that.
Kim was killed at an airport in Malaysia's Kuala Lumpur on his way to the Chinese territory of Macau, where he had been living, the MPs said, adding that he had been given China's protection.
Police reports said the two female agents fled in a taxi and were being sought by Malaysian police.
Meanwhile, police were checking surveillance tapes for more clues over his death, a senior official said.
An autopsy will also on Wednesday be performed on the body of Kim Jong-nam, police said.
‘Chemical spray'
Kim, 46, was targeted Monday in the shopping concourse at the airport and had not gone through immigration yet for his flight to Macau, said a senior government official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the case involves sensitive diplomacy.
Kim, who died on the way to a hospital, told medical workers before he died that he had been attacked with a chemical spray, the official said.
Although Kim had been tipped by some outsiders as a possible successor to his father, others thought that was unlikely because he lived outside the country, including recently in Macau, Singapore and Malaysia.
He reportedly fell further out of favour with the current North Korean leader when he was caught trying to enter Japan on a false passport in 2001, saying he wanted to visit Tokyo Disneyland.
A Malaysian police statement confirmed the death of a 46-year-old North Korean man whom it identified from his travel document as Kim Chol, born in Pyongyang on June 10, 1970.
“Investigation is in progress and a post mortem examination request has been made to ascertain the cause of death,” the statement said.
Kim Jong-un's ‘paranoia'
Ken Gause, at the CNA think tank in Washington who has studied North Korea's leadership for 30 years, said Kim Chol was a name that Kim Jong Nam has travelled under.
He is believed to have been born May 10, 1971, although birthdays are always unclear for senior North Koreans, Gause said.
Mark Tokola, vice president of the Korea Economic Institute in Washington and a former deputy chief of mission at the US Embassy in Seoul, said it would be surprising if Kim was not killed on the orders of his brother, given that North Korean agents have reportedly tried to assassinate Kim in the past.
“It seems probable that the motivation for the murder was a continuing sense of paranoia on the part of Kim Jong-un,” Tokola wrote in a commentary on Tuesday.
Although there was scant evidence that Kim Jong-nam was plotting against the North Korean leader, he provided an alternative for North Koreans who would want to depose his brother.
The reported killing came as North Korea celebrated its latest missile launch, which foreign experts were analysing for evidence of advancement in the country's missile capabilities.
For the next several days, North Korea will be marking the birthday of its late leader Kim Jong-il, the brothers' father, though they have different mothers.
The major holiday this Thursday is called the “Day of the Shining Star” and will be feted with figure skating and synchronised swimming exhibitions, fireworks and mass rallies.
Since taking power in late 2011, Kim Jong-un has executed or purged a slew of high-level government officials in what the South Korean government has described as a “reign of terror”.
The most spectacular was the 2013 execution by anti-aircraft fire of his uncle, Jang Song Thaek, once considered the country's second-most-powerful man, for what the North alleged was treason.
Gause said Kim Jong-nam had been forthright that he did not have political ambitions, although he was publicly critical of the North Korean regime and his brother's legitimacy in the past.
Source: Al-Jazeera/News agencies
Comments
comments
Composer Amaal Mallik has come up with a new track titled Hum nahi sudhrenge from the forthcoming comedy film Golmaal Again. He says such films are tricky.Hum Nahi Sudhrenge features several shades of electronic music."Comedy films happen to be a tricky venture. This year has been full of them - Badrinath Ki Dulhania, Noor and Mubarakan. You really can't have deep compositions, keeping in mind the film's genre. But I still wanted the melody quotient to be high," Mallik said in a statement."I slowly chalked out my approach through the situations and came up with Hum nahi sudhrenge. It is my first film with Rohit Shetty (director) and Ajay Devgn (actor)," he added.The composer also praised the song's lyricist Kumaar."Kumaar has spun magic on this one. He's kept his hold on the entire lyrics and the song doesn't see a dip lyrically. As a composer, when you see your song is being kept up so well, lyrically, it only adds to the elation," he said.The track has been sung by his brother and singer Armaan Malik with whom he has given several successful songs like Naina, Main hoon hero tera, Bol do na zara, Jab tak and Tere mere."It's a God sent combination. Whenever we have collaborated, the songs have been huge, but they have reached the audience's heart and stayed there. I think he has grown so much as a singer, he is really versatile and I don't think anyone his age has so much range. I never thought he could pull off a fun and breezy number like Hum nahi sudhrenge," said the composer.
Last week, news broke that all Toys "R" Us stores in the United States will be going out of business. Unfortunately for expecting parents, that means that Babies "R" Us stores are closing as well. The news undoubtedly leaves customers — especially those who have baby registries at the store — with a lot of questions. Namely, will Baby "R" Us still be online?
As of Monday morning, the Babies "R" Us website is still live and fully functional. The site doesn't show signs of suddenly disappearing, and visitors are still able to create a registry. (However, creating a registry with the dwindling brand probably is not the best idea — more on that in a moment.) Toys "R" Us CEO Dave Brandon recently addressed this question for employees, according to CNN. He explained that the Babies "R" Us online registries and web store will still be live for the next "few weeks." He added that this decision was made because the store's website could help engage potential buyers.
Most recent reports, though, say the online store and registry should remain active for the next few weeks.
As Brandon also explained, according to CNN, there are currently 735 Toys "R" Us and Babies "R" Us stores around the United States. While most of them will be liquidated soon, the company is hoping to find a buyer to take over around 200 of its most lucrative stores.
Plus, if you have gift cards or store credit for Toys "R" Us or Babies "R" Us, now would be the time to use them. A spokesperson for the brand told CNN that gift cards and store credit will only be honored for the next 30 days.
So, for those who currently have a baby registry at Babies "R" Us, there are a few options. If your baby shower or baby's birth is scheduled within the next month, you may opt to keep your registry — especially considering that Babies "R" Us will likely start offering discounts soon. However, buying items that come under warranty could be risky, since warranties may or may not be honored after a store liquidates, according to the Better Business Bureau.
So whether your timeline allows for you to keep your registry at Babies "R" Us, it could be a good idea to change your registry over to another website. If you've already spent a ton of time at Babies "R" Us researching and scanning items for your registry, it might feel annoying to have to do that all over again at another store. Luckily, stores such as Amazon (Khloé Kardashian's pick), Target's baby registry, or Buy Buy Baby all offer online registries, where you should easily be able to recreate your original registry.
Some parents who currently have registries with Babies "R" Us took to Twitter to express disappointment regarding news that they would have to change their registries.
And some people who do not yet have kids but who have always dreamed of registering at the store shared their feelings on Twitter as well.
If you are invited to a friend's baby shower, and their registry is currently with Babies "R" Us, you should be fine to still purchase their gift from the web store, as long as you do it within the next month. However, it couldn't hurt to reach out to your friend before making a purchase, in case they are already in the process of transferring their registry to another site.
It's definitely a bummer that Babies "R" Us is closing, but at least fans of the store will have a few more weeks to shop there, whether in-person or online.
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
LOS ANGELES (AP)  ABC has named a black woman as its "Bachelorette" for the first time in the show's history.
Rachel Lindsay will lead the 13th season of "The Bachelor" spinoff. The announcement came Monday night on ABC's "Jimmy Kimmel Live."
The news is somewhat of a spoiler for fans of the ongoing season of "The Bachelor." The 31-year-old attorney from Texas has yet to be eliminated from the dating show, where she is competing for the affections of Nick Viall. Nevertheless, Lindsay told Kimmel on Monday that she's ready to find love and a husband. She also encouraged the audience to send any interested suitors to apply for the show.
"The Bachelorette" begins airing on ABC in May.
The biggest savings begin Sunday, February 4.
With Valentine's just around the corner, you'll start seeing more and more companies offer discounts on phones, accessories, and more. Shortly after HTC announced its latest promotion, Motorola is next in line with its own set of hefty sales.
The highlight of Motorola's offer is a $150 price cut on the Moto Z2 Play. The Z2 Play isn't quite as powerful as the Moto Z2 Force, but it's still a more than capable phone and absolutely worth checking out at just $349.
One of the highlights of the Moto Z2 Play is its compatibility with Moto Mods, and there are savings to be had here as well. Motorola is offering 25% off every single Moto Mod it sells, meaning you'll be able to save on Style Shells, the Insta-Share Projector, JBL SoundBoost 2, and more. Savings on these and the Moto Z2 Play will begin Sunday, February 4.
In addition to the above sales, you'll also find smaller discounts, including:
Style Shell Moto Mods for $14.99 (normally $19.99)
Moto Folio for $11.29 (normally $14.99)
Moto Style Shells with wireless charging for $29.99 (normally $39.99)
Polaroid Insta-Share Printer for $149.99 (normally $199.99)
Moto 360 Camera for $224.99 (normally $299.99)
Free Amazon Alexa Moto Mod with purchase of Moto Z2 Force ($149.99 value)
See at Motorola
Barun Sobti, Shahana Goswami, Vishal Malhotra, Avinash Tiwary, Nakul Bhalla, Jay UpadhyayMilind DhaimadeSunday is just one of those days of the week – it's sunny, predictable, lazy and lovely, all at once. And so, it's fitting that a film named after it encapsulates all those things. Tu Hai Mera Sunday is a slice-of-life romantic comedy, but it's the bromance between five friends at the center of the story that stays with you. That, and their love-hate relationship with the city they call home: Mumbai.Directed by Milind Dhaimade, the film deftly captures the frustrations of those living in this city through the protagonists, namely Arjun, Rashid, Mehernosh, Domnic and Jayesh. All five are escapists, seeking the dopamine of Sunday football to forget their dreary lives and crippling insecurities. Arjun (Barun Sobti), the do-gooder in this bunch, allows a befuddled old man to join their amateur football team, but this sets off a chain of events.The players lose the beachside they play at, but the old man also leads Arjun to his daughter Kavya (Shahana Goswami). A busy advertising executive, Kavya gratefully allows Arjun to take ‘Appa' along every Sunday for their game. The motley bunch searches far and wide in this choking city for a little space for their soccer, even as they are forced to step up to bigger responsibilities.The film doesn't throw up many surprises on the script level, but it benefits from a strong cast and a casual, lighthearted tone that never slips. There are several moments that stand out – like when Mehernosh (Nakul Bhalla) erupts in rage and chases his nasty boss through the office, or when Rashid (Avinash Tiwary) looks at the dead rat that tormented him with the fondness of an old friend. You'll laugh out loud as Domnic (Vishal Malhotra), working part-time as a birthday clown, yells at an annoying boy, and more than a few times with Jayesh (played by a consistently funny Jay Upadhyay). The film demonstrates how urban pressure consumes the friends when they lose their stress-buster – football.Occasionally the narrative sputters like an old car on account of stray, boring scenes, or when multiple songs eat into the narrative. Yet the performances are charming, and also the romantic moments between the men and their respective partners. Especially Sobti and Goswami who're self-assured and bring a conversational feel to their lines. Rasika Dugal, meanwhile, delivers a terrific cameo as a captivating neighbor.I'm going with three out of five for Tu Hai Mera Sunday. Easy and breezy, it's worth your time on a Sunday, or just about any given day.What's your reaction to Tu Hai Mera Sunday?Write your review of Tu Hai Mera Sunday.
Users on the front lines who are battling addiction don't agree that a supervised drug site in Calgary is going to make much of a difference.
Jesse Matlock and Shawn Davis are currently in treatment at Simon House Recovery Centre, and their addictions are costing them big.
“It started with weed and then mushrooms. It eventually led to cocaine and then crack cocaine,” Matlock said. “I lost friends and family and watched some of my friends die from overdosing.”
Related Alberta hopes to set up safe injection site in downtown Calgary
After losing his job and home, Matlock moved to Vancouver and said he actually sought out supervised drug use sites in order to find drugs.
“I went there to pick up clean pipes and I knew there would be a dealer a block away—it's almost like a magnet for all the things that go along with addiction.”
Davis, a recovering alcoholic, has been to detox three times at the Renfrew Recovery Centre and would like the focus to be on helping people who want help.
“The beds are so limited and the last time I detoxed, there were 20 of us in there and three of us got accepted.”
That concern has also been raised by Trevor Loria, the CEO of Simon House. Loria said the organization receives up to 10 phone calls each day from people asking for treatment.
“We're not opposed to supervised drug use sites. Our position is to say we advocate for recovery,” Loria said. “Why would you invest time and money keeping someone sick, when you could and should invest time and money helping someone get better?”
Davis also questions who will use the site with Calgary's population so spread out.
“When you're in that addiction or state of mind, you want it now. So you're not going to take the time to jump on a bus to get there. Usually by the time you get there, it's gone.”
Matlock hopes that if someone does ask for help at the supervised drug use site, there will be a bed available to help them in their road to recovery.
“You go to the hospital when you're sick. You don't go to the hospital to get sick.”
London has cemented its position as the cocktail capital of the world, taking the largest number of spots on The World's 50 Best Bars list including the top spot for American Bar at the Savoy Hotel.At the 2017 edition of the gala event, which took place at London's Southwark Cathedral Thursday night, top mixologists from speakeasies, local watering holes and hotel bars gathered to hear where they came in on the ranking which aims to highlight the best bars around the world. This year, The Savoy Hotel's American Bar in London knocked last year's winner The Dead Rabbit in New York off its perch to nab bragging rights to the title of world's best bar 2017.With a legacy that stretches back more than a century, the storied hotel bar was one of the first to introduce Londoners to the fashionable American-style "cocktail" drink which gained popularity in the late 19th century with the opening of transatlantic travel. Erik Lorincz is the bar's 11th bartender and no stranger to accolades with titles like the Best International Bartender 2011 at another major industry event, Tales of the Cocktail. The current drinks menu "Coast to Coast" is a liquid journey across Britain, from South to North, developed to evoke the island's verdant landscape, folklore, history and characters. Cocktails are inspired by the Garden of England in Kent, the Sherwood Forest, London's Art Deco era, The Pennies, Castle Rock and Edinburgh Castle.But liquid poetry doesn't come cheap.The Arthur's Seat, for instance, is a £30 (US$39) cocktail made with Royal Brackla 16-year-old malt whisky, wild honeysuckle Cocchi Rosa aperitif, wine, honey water, raspberry vinegar and blossom bitters.Regionally, Europe landed 19 addresses on the top 50 list, while the US nabbed 13 spots and Asia 12. The highest ranked bar for North America is New York's The NoMad (No. 3), while Singapore's Manhattan bar is the best bar in Asia. Melbourne's Black Pearl was named Best Bar in Australasia; Licoreria Limantour in Mexico City the best bar in Latin America, and Tel Aviv's Imperial Craft the best in the Middle East and Africa. This year's ranking includes addresses from 24 cities in 19 countries, and is based on the votes of 500 Academy members from 55 countries.
Damian Lewis' hard-charging hedge funder on “Billions,” Bobby Axelrod, has been embraced by the hip-hop world as well as high-flying finance fans.
Spotted at the series' Season 2 premiere were Patriots owner Robert Kraft, billionaire Marc Lasry, famed short-seller Jim Chanos and Chicago rapper Lupe Fiasco, who was a surprise guest.
Fiasco tweeted Monday, “LOVE the show! I need that vest!” referring to the Axe Capital fleece numbers Lewis' fictional workers wear on the show around the office.
“Billions” co-creator Brian Koppelman tweeted at Fiasco, “You can have one!” then mentioned the show's premiere was that night.
When Fiasco — who hit No. 1 with his album “Lasers” — said he was in New York for Stephen Colbert's show, Koppelman invited him, and Fiasco arrived on the red carpet, calling it all “epic.”
Also at the Elit-sponsored screening were Phil Jackson, co-creator David Levien, Carla Gugino, Malin Akerman, Showtime's David Nevins and Matt Blank, and “Empire” co-creator Danny Strong with fiancée Caitlin Mehner.
Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board, GSEB will announce the Gujarat Board HSC General Stream Results 2018 today on its official website gseb.org.
According to Times Now, around six lakh students appeared for the Gujarat Board General Stream Exams for the 2017-18 academic session. This year, the Gujarat HSC Board Arts and Commerce exams were conducted from 12th March to 28th March.
The GSEB board had released the science stream results on 10 May and around 1.34 lakh students had appeared for the exam of which 73 percent have cleared it.
According to The Indian Express, girls outshined boys with a pass percentage of 74.9 percent as compared to boys (71 percent). "The top-scoring district was Rajkot while the sixth highest scoring district is Chota Udaipur," the report added.
Steps to check GSEB HSC Result 2018:
-Log on to gseb.org and click on GSEB HSC General Stream Result 2018 link
- Enter your name and roll number and submit it.
-Save the result and print it for future reference.
-Original mark sheets will be available few hours after the online result declaration at the respective examination centres of the candidates.
Introducing a toddler to their new baby sibling isn't always easy, but in this case, it was hilarious.
Ava, 22 months, came into the room while her mom Ali Lukitsch, a teacher from Trenton, Mich., was feeding her new baby sister Hannah. The tot wasn't quite sure what was going on. First, she told little sister “no biting,” and Mom had to explain what she was doing and that she was getting milk.
That's when Ava wanted to know “where the chocolate milk” at!”
From the mouths of babes…
The video, shot by Ali's sister Stephanie Legut, has been shared thousands of times on social media and new mom Ali — who just gave birth to Hannah on Sunday — says she can hardly believe the reaction. “My husband was just asking how I feel about so many people seeing me and I'm just so focused on Ava … That's just her, in a nutshell, every day, Ali told 98.7 AMP Radio. “We could pop out a million more videos like that. I'm glad that people can see her personality.”
Ava is a regular ‘little Mama' who wants to do everything for the new baby, including helping to feed her, getting her dressed, and playing with her all the time. “It's just like her little live baby doll,” mom Ali said.
So, did she get her chocolate milk?
“She loves chocolate milk, yes she does,” Ali said, laughing. “She asked me again this morning, ‘Is she getting chocolate milk? I had to say ‘No, she's not getting chocolate milk!”
Betty Marie Altermott, 91, died Saturday, Feb. 11, 2017, at Rosewood Care Center.
Visitation will be 4 p.m. to 8 p.m. Thursday, Feb. 16, at Gent Funeral Home in Alton. A Mass of Christian burial will be at 10 a.m. Friday, Feb. 17, at Saint Ambrose Catholic Church in Godfrey. Burial will be at St. Patrick's Cemetery in Godfrey.
Huron-Bruce MPP Lisa Thompson recognized 40 residents from across Huron and Bruce counties at the sixth annual Remarkable Citizens Awards at the Teeswater-Culross Community Centre Jan. 25.
Welcoming the honourees and their proud families and friends, Thompson said the event, which featured a recognition ceremony and musical entertainment performed by Mark Willms, celebrated the contributions of local volunteers and community champions.
"Each of the people recognized this evening have worked tirelessly to make their communities the friendly and vibrant places that they are. Their selflessness and dedication is truly remarkable," Thompson said."It is my hope that their positive leadership will continue to inspire others to become involved locally as well."
The award recipients included: Ada Dinney (Exeter), Agnes Bregman (Teeswater), Alishia Oberle (Walkerton), Brooklyn Lampi (Kincardine), Byron Monk (Walkerton), Carolyn Day (Southampton), Dave Gillians (Bayfield), Dom Jackson (Kincardine), Donna Inglis (Belmore), Dorne Fitzsimmons (Tiverton), Doug McArtur (Brussels), Doug McBurney (Wingham), George & Barb Marklevitz (Wingham), Gerry Wheeler (Brussels), Matt Townsend (Huron East), Grant Sparling (Blyth), Jamie McCallum (Belgrave), Jane McQuarrie (Teeswater), Janet Cameron (Clinton), Joan Borho (Formosa), Joe & Diane Rys (Walkerton), John Farrell (Kincardine), Kimberly Payne (Goderich), Linda Stanley (Kincardine), Marg Moffat (Bluevale), Marlene Gibson (Point Clark), Mary Keip (Formosa), Pat Lowry (Kincardine), Pat O'Rourke (Exeter), Rosie Laidler (Kincardine), Shirley Dinsmore (Seaforth), Yvonne Kitchen (Brussels), Susan Riley (Teeswater), Susanne Cutting (Dungannon), Ted & Jean Dunn (Bayfield), Trevor Bazinet (Goderich), Wendy Hutton (Blyth).
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The implosion of the remains of the former Harrison Avenue Bridge in Scranton won't take place until next week.
Originally set for Thursday, the explosive demolition is tentatively reset for next Tuesday. If the weather doesn't cooperate by then, the rain date is two days later, June 7, state Department of Transportation spokesman James May said.
State officials have set tentative dates several times only to have rain repeatedly thwart plans.
Rain keeps raising the flow of water in Roaring Brook Creek beyond 140 cubic feet per second, the maximum allowed for the implosion, which will drop bridge debris into the creek bed.
With more rain forecast Thursday into Friday morning, officials decided to wait until next week.
Crews began the bridge's demolition last month by tearing down roughly the southern third, then tore down the northern third after that. They hoped to implode the middle section two weeks ago.
Contact the writer: bkrawczeniuk@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9147; @BorysBlogTT on Twitter
Not long ago Richie Rich was all-but-unavoidable on the New York scene.
But the former Heatherette designer and one-time Club Kid has been, er, missing in action of late. So we were surprised to see him pop up in connection with the “Richie Rich Holidaze Spectacular & Fashion Show” at Freq nightclub scheduled for Friday night.
We're told Rich — who put on a show for LA fashion week in March — is mounting a comeback.
The party will also serve as a farewell for author Victor Corona, who is LA-bound, where he's going to work on a movie version of his book “Night Class” with professional media-terrorizer Jacques Hyzagi.
Thomas Barwick/Getty Images
Buy a house
U.S. mortgage rates initially plunged following the Brexit vote, but now sit more than 0.4 percentage points higher than the 52-week average, according to Bankrate's weekly survey of large lenders.
Yet they remain historically low, and economists believe Brexit aftershocks could continue to put downward pressure on mortgage rates, which generally move in the same direction as U.S. Treasuries, seen as a safe place to park cash during times of uncertainty.
"It's a dynamic market and there are multiple things influencing mortgage rates right now," says Giacomo Santangelo, a professor of economics at Fordham University in New York City.
Even if rates don't fall, Ganguli says he expects them to rise more slowly than they might have otherwise.
"If you want affordability, then Brexit…might be a good environment for you to buy a home," says Scott Knapp, managing principal of investment consulting for CUNA Mutual Fiduciary Consultants.
RATE SEARCH: Find the best mortgage rates near you today.
Gary Burchell/Getty Images
Mind your portfolio
There's probably not much to be done today, but keep an eye on the companies in which you hold stock that either are headquartered in the U.K. or have a strong presence there.
Brexit could impact European financial markets and those companies' bottom lines.
"The New York City of the European Union is going to be somewhere that isn't London. And that's disruptive," Santangelo says.
Multinational corporations might not feel as much profit pressure as smaller companies, but the key is to pay attention to how companies in your investment portfolio react.
"Any investments in the EU or Great Britain, there's a lot of risk you have," says Jason Obradovich, executive vice president of capital markets at New American Funding. "Headline risk is really the thing you have to worry about. Anything major that makes the front page news is liable to rattle the markets.
"But I think for the most part, things have quieted down," he says.
RATE SEARCH: Looking for safety? Open a CD today.
Ekaterina Pokrovsky/Shutterstock.com
Take a trip
The British pound has taken a beating ever since the Brexit vote, falling to three-decade lows against the dollar. The euro also remains weak.
This means your purchasing power is greater when you travel to London or other EU locales. Just remember to skip the currency exchanges and pay for U.K. goods and services using your credit card.
"The pound is at its weakest in 30 years and the dollar is really high," Ganguli says. "It makes exports more expensive, it makes imports cheaper. It makes your European vacation cheaper for U.S. consumers."
The uncertainty over Brexit already has caused business travelers to stay home. Some hotels have cut prices as a result.
Although the pound is expected to remain relatively weak against the dollar, travel itself could become more difficult once the U.K. formally separates from the EU.
So get that overseas trip in now.
CARD SEARCH: You need a card that charges no foreign transaction fees.
Claes Bell/Bankrate
Keep an eye on the Federal Reserve
Although the Federal Reserve's rate-setting committee has "shrugged off" the impacts of Brexit, Knapp says the fragmentation that U.K. separation promotes could influence the Fed in the long run.
"If the current trend continues, then it's likely that we will continue to go on the path we've been on since the financial crisis, which is slow growth," Knapp says.
And slow growth means the Fed will raise interest rates at a slower pace.
This will keep credit card and home equity rates cheaper for longer, and the interest on your bank deposits will remain depressed.
Other factors, of course, could influence the Fed's course.
"I think at this point they're being very cautious because they know everyone is listening and they don't want to say something that's going to trigger an event," Santangelo says.
Related Coverage California dam water level drops after massive evacuation
OROVILLE, Calif. (AP) — The stress of evacuation and an uncertain future were enough for Donald Azevedo and his family to opt to stay a few more nights in an emergency shelter rather than risk having to do it all again.
The family was among the nearly 200,000 Californians who live downstream from the country's tallest dam who were told they could return home but warned they may have to flee again if repairs made to the battered Oroville Dam spillways don't hold.
The fixes could be put to their first test later this week with the first of a series of small storms forecast for the region expected to reach the area Wednesday night.
“There is the prospect that we could issue another evacuation order if the situation changes and the risk increases,” Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said Tuesday, telling residents they could return home but to remain vigilant.
That's why Azevedo wasn't budging yet.
“My plan is to stay here,” said Azevedo, who evacuated from Marysville with his wife, Tasha, their four Chihuahuas and more than 30 relatives. They spent two nights at the Nevada County Fairgrounds in Grass Valley, Calif. and he planned to wait out this week's upcoming storm before returning home. Many at the shelter said a drive that should have taken one hour took six hours on Sunday.
“I'm not trying to risk traffic, being stuck in floods. I'm safe where I'm at,” Azevedo said.
Many other evacuees, such as Oroville resident Margaret Johnston, couldn't wait to get back home.
“You don't appreciate home until it's taken away from you,” said Johnston, 69, who spent the last two nights sheltering at a church in Chico, California. As she packed the blankets, pillows and clothing she had hastily thrown into a black garbage bag, she reflected on the mad rush to leave, the chaos, confusion and bottleneck traffic on the drive out. “It was just frustrating. Very frustrating.”
Residents living below the Oroville Dam were suddenly ordered to evacuate Sunday afternoon after authorities had assured them for nearly a week that the dam was sound despite a gaping and growing hole found in the structure's main spillway. The order came after authorities feared an earthen emergency spillway used when the lake behind the dam overflows its capacity appeared ready to fail Sunday because of erosion.
Two days after issuing the evacuation order, officials lifted it Tuesday but uncertainty remained.
Over the weekend, the swollen lake spilled down the unpaved emergency spillway for nearly 40 hours, leaving it badly eroded. The problem occurred six days after engineers discovered a growing hole in the dam's main concrete spillway.
State and federal officials ignored calls in 2005 from environmental groups to armor the earthen spillway in concrete to prevent erosion. Federal regulators concluded the earthen spillway could handle a large amount of overflow after water agencies that would have had to pay for the upgrade argued it was unnecessary.
Others fear the real test is still to come in the weeks ahead when a record amount of snowfall melts in nearby mountains.
The California Department of Water Resources said Tuesday night the Oroville Dam's water levels continued to decrease but it didn't say by how much.
State water officials said earlier Tuesday the reservoir's water level had been reduced 15 feet by Tuesday afternoon. Officials hope to continue using a damaged main spillway to drain the lake another 37 feet in preparation for coming rain. They say they have drained enough water that the emergency spillway will not be needed to handle runoff from the approaching storm.
Forecasts call for 2-4 inches of rain and snow in the foothills and mountains starting Wednesday night. But the storm was looking colder than initially projected, meaning less rain and less runoff than last week's storms.
Dozens of construction crews were working around the clock dropping 1,200 tons of material on the earthen emergency spillway per hour using heavy equipment and helicopters and the area is being continually monitored with the help of drones carrying cameras, the state water agency said.
Preliminary estimates say permanently fixing the hole in the main spillway could cost $100 million to $200 million, Croyle said. Experts are drawing up plans for repairs that will begin after the spring runoff season ends.
Gov. Jerry Brown said late Tuesday that the Federal Emergency Management Agency approved his request for federal assistance with the Oroville dam situation.
State officials clearly were on the defensive about their decision to call for mass evacuations Sunday, just a few hours after saying the situation was stable, forcing families to rush to pack up and get out.
Honea, the county sheriff, said Tuesday that the call to order nearly 200,000 people to higher ground protected lives and bought time for water experts to address the problems.
But after two days away from home, tens of thousands of evacuees were growing weary. They welcomed the news they could return home but vowed to heed the sheriff's warning to remain vigilant.
Rod Remocal said he and his wife would now be ready to leave their Biggs home near the dam at a moment's notice after fleeing in a rush Sunday.
“We're all coming back and pack and be ready this time,” Remocal said. “This time we're going to be on call like they said.”
___
Elias reported from San Francisco.
___
Contributing to this report were Jocelyn Gecker, Olga R. Rodriguez and Kristin Bender in San Francisco; Don Thompson in Sacramento; Terry Chea in Grass Valley, California; Ellen Knickmeyer in Sonoma, California; and John Antczak and Justin Pritchard in Los Angeles.
Water overflows emergency spillway at Oroville Dam View as list View as gallery Open Gallery In this Saturday, Feb. 11, 2017, photo, Jason Newton, of the Department of Water Resources, takes a picture of water going over the emergency spillway at Oroville Dam in Oroville, Calif. Officials have ordered residents near the Oroville Dam in Northern California to evacuate the area Sunday, Feb. 12, saying a "hazardous situation is developing" after an emergency spillway severely eroded. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli) Jason Newton, left, of the Department of Water Resources, takes a picture of water going over the emergency spillway at Oroville Dam Saturday, Feb. 11, 2017, in Oroville, Calif. Water started flowing over the spillway,at the nation's tallest dam, for the first time Saturday morning after erosion damaged the Northern California dam's main spillway.(AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli) In this Saturday, Feb. 11, 2017, photo, water flows down Oroville Dam's main spillway, in Oroville, Calif. Officials have ordered residents near the Oroville Dam in Northern California to evacuate the area Sunday, Feb. 12, saying a "hazardous situation is developing" after an emergency spillway severely eroded. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli) Water flows over the emergency spillway at Oroville Dam Saturday, Feb. 11, 2017, in Oroville, Calif. Water started flowing over the emergency spillway at the nation's tallest dam for the first time Saturday after erosion damaged the Northern California dam's main spillway.(AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli) In this Saturday, Feb. 11, 2017, water flows down Oroville Dam's main spillway, near Oroville, Calif. Officials have ordered residents near the Oroville Dam in Northern California to evacuate the area Sunday, Feb. 12, saying a "hazardous situation is developing" after an emergency spillway severely eroded. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli) E. Knight uses his smartphone to record muddy water rushing down the emergency spillway at Oroville Dam, Saturday, Feb. 11, 2017, in Oroville, Calif. Water started flowing over the emergency spillway at the nation's tallest dam for the first time Saturday after erosion damaged the Northern California dam's main spillway. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli) Muddy water rushes down the emergency spillway at Oroville Dam, Saturday, Feb. 11, 2017, in Oroville, Calif. Water started flowing over the emergency spillway at the nation's tallest dam for the first time Saturday after erosion damaged the Northern California dam's main spillway.(AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli) Bill Croyle, acting Director of the California Department of Water Resources, speaks during a news conference about the situation at the Oroville Dam on Sunday, Feb. 12, 2017, in Marysville, Calif. A Northern California sheriff says evacuation orders affecting thousands of people will stand until there is more information on the condition of the nation's tallest dam's emergency spillway. Croyle said officials will be able to assess the damage to the emergency spillway now that the water is no longer spilling over the top. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli) Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea speaks during a news conference about the situation at the Oroville Dam on Sunday, Feb. 12, 2017, in Marysville, Calif. Honea said evacuation orders affecting thousands of people will stand until there is more information on the condition of the nation's tallest dam's emergency spillway. Bill Croyle, acting Director of the California Department of Water Resources, said officials will be able to assess the damage to the emergency spillway now that the water is no longer spilling over the top. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli) A driver waits in traffic to evacuate Marysville, Calif., Sunday, Feb. 12, 2017. Thousands of residents of Marysville and other Northern California communities were told to leave their homes Sunday evening as an emergency spillway of the Oroville Dam could fail at any time unleashing flood waters from Lake Oroville, according to officials from the California Department of Water Resources. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli) Kendra Curieo waits in traffic to evacuate Marysville, Calif., Sunday, Feb. 12, 2017. Thousands of residents of Marysville and other Northern California communities were told to leave their homes Sunday evening as an emergency spillway of the Oroville Dam could fail at any time unleashing flood waters from Lake Oroville, according to officials from the California Department of Water Resources. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli) A closed sign is displayed on the door of Papaciito's restaurant due to an evacuation order Sunday, Feb. 12, 2017, in Marysville, Calif. Thousands of Northern California residents remain under evacuation orders after authorities warned an emergency spillway in the country's tallest Oroville Dam was in danger of failing Sunday and unleashing uncontrolled flood waters on towns below. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
NEW DELHI - Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has unveiled a series of cash handouts, cheaper loans and tax breaks for women, farmers and businesses as he defended the move to ban high-value banknotes.
In a New Year's Eve address, Modi thanked people for their "patient sacrifice, discipline and resolve" in supporting the withdrawal of some 85 percent of all bills in circulation, which he said had laid the foundation for a better India.
His televised remarks followed the expiry of a deadline for people to swap their old 500 rupee ($7.30) and 1,000 rupee notes for new ones on Friday.
The Indian leader has been widely hailed for his assault on tax evasion but long queues outside banks, a cash crunch and policy flip-flops since the November 8 announcement quickly led to anger in some quarters.
"The troubles faced and the sacrifices made by the people to build a better India is an example for all of us," Modi said in his 45-minute speech, describing the cash ban as a "big fight" against corruption and unaccounted wealth.
In an effort to appease those most affected by the cash crunch, Modi said the government would offer cheaper loans to home buyers and farmers as well as cash handouts for pregnant women.
He also unveiled tax breaks for small and medium-sized businesses.
India's main opposition Congress party was quick to dismiss Modi's announcement and demanded clarifications and figures from him on the exact benefits of the move to reduce cash in use. "Disappointed with PM's speech. Many questions left unanswered.
His decision paralysed economy; the country can't run this way," party spokesman Randeep S Surjewala said on Twitter.
Modi and the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party will learn if his risky gamble has paid off when Uttar Pradesh holds the first of several 2017 state elections, likely in February.
Images: Getty Images
Yesterday, on the banks of Sindhu yearning for Ganga,today, on the banks of Ganga, praying for a glimpse of SindhuAfter the 1947 partition, many Sindhis sailed from Pakistan to India leaving behind their ancestral homeland, wealth and friends and family. Not many of them speak about what they had left in the land that was once theirs but instead chooses to highlight the tales of survival and re-establishment in a land unknown. It's quite possible that the historical knowledge of the current generation of young Sindhis may not be on fleek and that even though we tout ourselves to be opinionated on partition matters; we'll never understand the extent of anguish, helplessness and pain that people went through as they battled and survived the 1947 period.But what we do know and understand perhaps is that we're at a loss - a loss of a consolidated identity, a loss of a conscience binding the Sindhis together, a loss of oneness as our mother tongue fades away and a loss of our history as nearly all from migrant population burns to ashes.If one's well-acquainted with partition memoirs, they'd know that unlike experiences of Punjab, Bihar and Bengal (to a certain extent), the case of Sindh consists of relatively fewer episodes of violence and bloodshed and more of internal distress and the pains of losses. Hindu Sindhis, in entirety, left their homeland behind and moved to an unknown Indian land with a sheer inability to relocate on the new soil due to a lack of a consolidated linguistic state. Zar, zameen, zoru - roughly translating to wealth, land and wife - sum up the major torments of the Sindhi refugee or rather, a Sindhi displaced.While the angst of spending days and nights homeless and penniless didn't reach from their generation to ours, seventy years hence, we, the Sindhis, continue to battle an identity crisis – more on the inward than on the outward.The community, of which little is known, is now coloured by the gross misrepresentation in cinema as a money-minded and selfish clan. A community too scattered and small, Sindhis, till date, don't have a state to call their own or a political representation to fight for their rights. In fact, even as late as 1967, the language was not regarded as an Indian language.Many kids during my school days questioned as to why I'd call my grandmother amma and not dadi and many of them in my college, after knowing that I'm a Sindhi, commented on how I'd have a certain “Pakistani-touch” to my look. Some of them cited how they'd prefer killing a Sindhi over a snake and some even quipped how our community belonged in Pakistan and not here.However, I failed to make them understand that even though the current generation hasn't experienced the partition and displacement first hand and that they're still yet to visit Pakistan, a part of them will always live there – a part that yearns to visit its roots, a part that longs for walking on lands that our grandparents called home and to see if any of it still remains, a part whose identity still juggles between two nations and a part that still wishes to thrive on the shared language and culture across border and somehow, stand up in solidarity with one another.
Toronto police resume dig at home where Bruce McArthur worked as landscaper
The investigation into alleged serial killer Bruce McArthur has triggered an internal police probe. (Photo by THE CANADIAN PRESS)
Toronto police say they will resume digging at a property where accused serial killer Bruce McArthur worked as a landscaper.
Police have already found the remains of seven men buried in planters at the property in midtown Toronto.
McArthur, 66, has been charged with first-degree murder in the deaths of eight men with ties to Toronto's gay village.
“We originally did a dig at the property over the winter and nothing was found,” police spokeswoman Meaghan Gray said.
“Then we decided to go back and revisit all the properties (where McArthur worked) again when the springtime hit and the thaw was done.”
Canine units found “a number of different spots” of interest on the property when they returned in the spring, Gray said.
Police dogs also searched about 100 other properties with links to McArthur's landscaping business but found nothing, she said.
The excavation began Wednesday and is expected to last multiple weeks, Gray said.
McArthur, currently in custody at a west Toronto jail, is alleged to have killed Selim Esen, Skandaraj Navaratnam, Andrew Kinsman, Majeed Kayhan, Dean Lisowick, Soroush Mahmudi, Abdulbasir Faizi and Kirushna Kanagaratnam.
His case is scheduled to return to court on July 23.
Related: Alleged Toronto serial killer buried dismembered victims' remains in planter boxes: Cops
Related: Alleged Toronto serial killer charged with 8th count of first-degree murder
Related: Alleged Toronto serial killer previously questioned, released by police
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Becoming a mom can certainly turn one's world upside down. Everything from your schedule to your priorities to your way of thinking gets shifted — and the same is true for celebs, including wrestler Brie Bella. In particular, becoming a mom changed Brie Bella's views on vaccines, and the wrestler recently opened up about how learning more about vaccines affected her change of heart.
In celebration of World Immunization Week Field Day, and coordinated by Rotary and Red Nose Day, Bella, 34, candidly spoke with People about her change of heart when it came to vaccinating her 11-month-old daughter, Birdie Joe. “I was someone in the beginning who doubted vaccinations,” Bella admitted to People. “But I started educating myself and I started realizing how easy it is for kids to get different diseases and infections that they can't fight off.”
She added that her initial hesitation had to do with a fear of vaccine injuries. “As a mother, that really opened up my eyes,” she continued in the same People interview. “The thing people are most scared about are vaccine injuries. I sat there and thought, ‘My daughter can catch something and I'm either dealing with death or a vaccine injury. I'll take vaccine injury over death.'”
If you're unfamiliar with the term "vaccine injuries," here's what Bella is referring to. In the 1970s, people began to express concern over the safety of vaccines, as explained by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Some people even sued vaccine manufacturers and doctors, claiming that vaccines caused injuries. Even though there was no scientific evidence proving a link between vaccines and injuries, those suing the manufacturers and doctors were awarded damages, according to the CDC.
Similarly to "vaccine injuries," some parents are concerned that vaccines can cause autism, as well as the MMR diseases: measles, mumps, and rubella. However, there is no scientific evidence that proving a link between vaccines and autism, as noted by the CDC, and multiple scientific studies have proven that. The myth goes back to a 1998 study by Dr. Andrew Wakefield, as noted in a paper by SAGE Journals. As the paper points out, 10 years after Wakefield's study was published, experts were finally able to prove that Wakefield was guilty of "ethical, medical, and scientific misconduct." And even though the study has since been disproven and discredited by the scientific community, it's evident that there are still some people who believe otherwise.
Vaccinations are incredibly important for children, as explained by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Vaccines are proven to be safe and effective, according to U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, and they can protect children from a number of fatal diseases and help prevent the spread of disease, and more. Plus, getting vaccinated at a young age is vital, according to the CDC. Newborns are born with antibodies that come from their mothers, making them immune to certain diseases; however, as they grow through their first year, they lose this immunity and become more susceptible to catching diseases, according to the CDC.
It's great that becoming a parent inspired Bella to educate herself about vaccines — and it's clear that she's an amazing mom to Birdie. She also opened up about how she and husband Daniel Bryan, who is also a wrestler, are raising Birdie as a vegetarian — but as her daughter grows older, Bella will let her be in charge of her own body. “As of right now, I am [feeding Birdie a vegetarian diet],” she told People. “The day that Birdie asks me to try meat, I won't deny it to her." She continued:
I'll always let her know the things I believe in and why, but I'll never push them on her ... I was blessed to be raised in a family where they didn't push a lot of stuff on me. ... I was able to find who I am today and I want Birdie to have that. I'll educate her on why I live the lifestyle I do, but if she asks for it one day I won't make her feel bad about it and I'll let her try it for sure.
Bella seems to have her daughter's best interests at heart, and there's no doubt that she will inspire her to chase her dreams one day.
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
One of British Columbia's most iconic events, the PNE Prize Home Lottery will feature a gorgeous 3,100 sq. foot ‘West Coast modern' style Prize Home that will be relocated for the lucky winner to Naramata, BC following the 2017 Fair at the PNE. Within its three bedrooms, 2.5 baths and floor-to-ceiling living space, this ENERGY STAR certified home designed by Freeport Industries, includes an entertainment lounge and home theatre room and comes fully furnished with the latest appliances and furniture design provided by Lane Home Furnishings, a division of Yaletown Interiors, and Coast Appliances.
“The Prize Home has become a beloved tradition for visitors of the PNE over the past 83 years,” says Mike McDaniel, President and CEO of the Pacific National Exhibition. “Each year I am shocked by the innovation and gorgeous design that continues to go into these homes. With its beautiful interior matching the modern exterior, to the state-of-the-art appliances and amazing furnishings, this year's home is sure to impress. We have also once again included an amazing bonus' with the Prize home that features a premium wine experience with Okanagan Crush Pad.”
This beautifully inviting home features an incredible floor-to- vaulted ceiling layout in the living room, a gourmet kitchen and luxurious “hotel-inspired” master bedroom with a personal espresso machine, walk-in closet and ensuite bathroom. The top floor maximizes the view of Okanagan Lake with an entertainment room that features a bar and pool table, and an upper deck with fire table and home theatre room.
“Freeport has worked with the PNE and the Prize Home Lottery for the past two years and it is an honour to be back again for 2017,” says Todd Venier, President of Freeport Industries. “When designing this home, we married green and energy efficient materials with a beautiful interior and exterior. It's perfect for any family and is a true entertainer's home.”
This year's lottery is seeing some exciting changes with a new $100 ticket option and new ticket packages. PNE Prize Home is B.C.'s most affordable home lottery, and this year, they are offering, two tickets for $25, six tickets for $50, and 15 tickets for $100.
The 2017 Grand Prize Home Package is valued at over $1.6 million. PNE Prize Home tickets are available online at pneprizehome.ca or via phone at 604-678-4663 or toll free at 1-877-946-4663.
After winning their fourth consecutive game last Friday 49-14 on the road at Siloam Springs, the Benton Panthers return home tonight for homecoming against the Texarkana Razorbacks. It will be the teams' 50th all-time meeting and they have played each other every year since 1970.
The Razorbacks (3-2, 1-1 West) hold a 34-15 advantage overall in the series, but the Panthers (4-1, 2-0) have won five in a row by an average score of 49-16, including a 56-7 rout last year in Texarkana. But, this isn't the same team as last year, as the Razorbacks sit at 3-2, 1-1 in the 6A West, already matching last season's win total. Texarkana defeated Lake Hamilton 14-9 last week and led powerhouse Greenwood at the half before falling 38-17 two weeks ago.
“They're a much better team than they were last year,” Benton Coach Brad Harris said. “We're going to have to play real well to come out of this one with a win. They're by far the most athletic team we've played since Bryant. They're very solid. They remind us of Little Rock Parkview, as far as their athleticism, aggressiveness and quickness to the ball on defense. It'll be a really good football game, I think.”
An advantage for Benton vs. Texarkana could be the fact the Panthers will most likely have to concentrate their efforts on just three Razorbacks players. Junior running back Jordan Hall leads the way on the ground with 323 yards and two touchdowns, while junior quarterback Drake Browning is on his heels for 302 yards and two TDs, and has also thrown for 528 yards (31 for 71) and four TDs vs. four interceptions. Between Hall and Browning, the duo has run for 625 of Texarkana's total 670 yards on the ground. There is no doubt who Browning's favorite target is as junior Irijah Price has 22 catches for 405 yards and three TDs.
“Most of their offense runs through three guys,” Harris said. “We broke it down and around 85 percent of their offense is between those three guys. When they're throwing the football, they're throwing to No. 2, the Price kid. When they're running it, it's kind of balanced between the quarterback and the running back.
Homecoming festivities will begin at 6:30 tonight, with kickoff coming at 7 p.m. at Panther Stadium in the Benton Athletic Complex. Listen to the broadcast on ‘The Ride' 106.7 FM.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) – Buffalo Police are looking into a very disturbing video depicting child pornography that has been circulating on Facebook Friday.
Police have opened an investigation into the matter and the FBI has been notified. It's unclear whether the video originated in Buffalo.
Police say you could be charged with a federal crime for sharing the video on social media.
We'll have more information as it becomes available.
By Vivek Mishra and Indradip Ghosh
BENGALURU (Reuters) - Indian stocks are expected to erase recent losses and rise a little this year, but an array of political developments at home and overseas along with just a steady economic growth outlook will likely restrain the market, a Reuters poll showed.
While the Indian stock index gained nearly 7 percent in January and hit a lifetime high, it is down about 4 percent since then, tracking the rout in global equities as worries of a trade war between the U.S. and China intensified.
The consensus from the latest Reuters poll of over 50 strategists and brokers taken May 21-30 points to gains for the BSE Sensex .
The index, which is up 2.6 percent for the year, is now expected to gain 1.7 percent from Tuesday's close to 35,550 by end-2018. It is then forecast to hit a fresh record high of 36,300 by the middle of next year.
But over a third of respondents forecast the index to be lower then, including one strategist who expects it to dip to 27,500, a level not seen since January last year.
The consensus view is also the weakest six-month outlook since at least the financial crisis and is also a slight downgrade compared to three months ago.
A majority of poll respondents attributed their views to national election results or political developments outside the country.
More than half the losses so far this year have come after an inconclusive Karnataka state election earlier this month. That has also coincided with the turmoil in global financial markets amid the political chaos in Italy.
"Ahead of the next year's general election and ongoing global political uncertainties, the stock market will not show any large up or down move, remaining consolidated," said Vedant Manore, a consultant and trader at ‎Edelweiss Financial Services.
"But, if the (current) government wins the majority of seats in Parliament, stock prices would rally on hopes of quick policy decisions."
Indeed, the more tempered view for a market used to double-digit gains in recent years was driven by the political situation in Karnataka which has clouded the outlook for general elections next year.
The surge in crude oil prices, India's biggest import item, has also weighed on stocks as it is inflationary and may push the Reserve Bank of India to raise rates much earlier than previously thought - possibly as soon as August. [RBI/INT]
India's economy probably gained a little momentum in the first three months of 2018 which should ensure that it remains the world's fastest growing major economy, a separate Reuters poll showed.
Still, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold $1.4 billion of Indian stocks this month, in line with a wide sell-off in emerging markets, driven by the recent rise in U.S. Treasury yields.
After hitting a 10-year high of 25.69 in January, the BSE Sensex price-to-earnings ratio fell to 23.44 in May - above the long-term average of 18.74, suggesting stock prices are still expensive.
(To read other stories from the Reuters global stock markets poll)
(Polling by Sarmista Sen and Khushboo Mittal; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Robbie Rogers and Greg Berlanti are engaged! The LA Galaxy soccer star announced the big news on his Instagram account on New Year's Day: Thank you to everyone before us that made this moment possible… I feel extremely lucky and blessed to end 2016 engaged to the love of my life. ❤ Happy New Year! A photo posted by Robbie Rogers (@robbierogers) on Dec 31, 2016 at 11:01am PST “I feel extremely lucky and blessed to end 2016 engaged to the love of my life,” Rogers wrote about Berlanti, who is the creative mind behind television hits like “Dawson's Creek” and “Arrow.” The couple, who have been dating for several years, welcomed a baby boy via surrogate in February. Welcoming Caleb Gene Berlanti into this world with love and peace. 2/18/2016 the most handsome pure little guy I've set my eyes on. ❤️ A photo posted by Robbie Rogers (@robbierogers) on Feb 20, 2016 at 11:55am PST Congratulations, gentlemen!
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
By Ece Toksabay and John Davison
| ANKARA/DOHA
ANKARA/DOHA Turkey sent its foreign minister to Qatar on Wednesday as part of a drive to repair Qatar's rift with fellow Gulf Arab states.Saudi Arabia, Egypt, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain have broken off ties and imposed sanctions on Qatar, accusing it of supporting terrorism and courting regional rival Iran - allegations Doha denies."We do not want any differences between our brothers in the GCC (Gulf Cooperation Council) countries, and it is not enough to say that there is a problem without trying to resolve it," Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu told the Qatari news agency QNA on arrival."Turkey seeks to resolve the unprecedented crisis between brotherly countries in the GCC."President Tayyip Erdoğan has cultivated close ties to Qatar, setting up a military base there, while preserving relations with Saudi Arabia.Cavusoglu was due to meet Qatar's Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani, and Qatar's state run pan-Arab news channel Al Jazeera said his next stop would be Kuwait, which has also been seeking to mediate in the dispute.Turkey and Qatar have both provided support for the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt - a broad movement whose Islamist goals are anathema not only to Egypt's ex-military president, Abdul Fattah al-Sisi, but also to the Gulf's dynastic rulers.Conservative Gulf neighbours have long viewed Qatar's foreign policy with suspicion, especially its refusal to shun Shi'ite Iran, and resented Al Jazeera for its readiness to air unwelcome or dissenting views from across the region.
The Gulf Arab states have not made public their demands of Qatar but a journalist with Al Jazeera has shared a list that includes Qatar severing diplomatic ties with Iran and expelling members of the Palestinian Islamist Hamas group and the Muslim Brotherhood who live in Doha.The list also includes ending support for "terrorist organisations" and ceasing "interference" in Egyptian affairs, charges that Qatar denies."QUICK RESULTS"
Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry told reporters in Cairo that the conditions set for Qatar were necessary for the national security of Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the UAE, the Egyptian state news agency MENA reported.
"This move will bring concrete, quick and decisive results," he said. Qatar has a population of 2.7 million people, and vast gas wealth. The sanctions have disrupted imports of food and other materials and travel, and caused some foreign banks to scale back business.Before the diplomatic and commercial embargo, Qatar imported 80 percent of its food from bigger Gulf Arab neighbours. It has been talking to Iran and Turkey to obtain food and water.Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir, speaking after talks in Washington with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Tuesday, said the sanctions did not amount to a blockade since Qatar's airports and ports remained open, and offered to send food and medical supplies to Qatar if needed.
Qatar said the Saudi offer confirmed that the closure of transport links "is a siege, not a boycott".At Qatar's Hamad port on Wednesday, workers were busy unloading containers of food and building materials, while another ship carrying livestock, including chickens and sheep from Australia, was at the quayside."There is a service from India ... which used to come via Jebel Ali port (in the United Arab Emirates) but is now redirected," said a port official who declined to be named."The first vessel on that service is to arrive on Friday and will run once a week."The effects of the dispute are rippling out beyond the region.Qatar said it had withdrawn troops from the frontier between the east African states of Djibouti and Eritrea, where it has been acting as mediator in a border dispute. It gave no reason, but Djibouti had earlier downgraded its diplomatic ties with Qatar.(This story has been refiled with an updated headline.) (Additional reporting by Tuvan Gumrukcu in Ankara, Tom Finn in Doha and Sylvia Westall in Dubai; Writing by Sami Aboudi; Editing by Ralph Boulton and Kevin Liffey)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Tonight the Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts opens Alexi Kaye Campbell's “The Pride,” a drama about a complex love triangle of sorts that toggles between 1958 and 2008 as it explores identity, intimacy, shame and desire.
The play, co-starring Neal Bledsoe (“The Man in the High Castle”) and directed by Wallis artist-in-residence Michael Arden (2016 Tony nominee for “Spring Awakening”), coincides with Pride Month and addresses society's changing attitudes toward love and sexuality over five decades. “What it means to be a man has changed,” Bledsoe says of his character, Phillip, “but just because societies change, doesn't mean they always change for the better.” The actor fielded questions by email about the play and about his move to L.A. for this edited conversation.
When you first moved here from New York, you didn't much care for L.A. But moving to downtown was a game-changer. How so?
L.A. can be conflict-averse, something that's reflected in its neighborhoods. They can be segregated and somewhat tribal, while the dual forces of gentrification and the search for authenticity can make them feel like theme parks of themselves.
Downtown felt vital, true and full of conflict to me. Everywhere else in the city you can lock your doors and drive away from problems and people, but downtown forces you to navigate the human element. And for all of L.A.'s beauty, beaches, mountains, it is the chance human encounters, the history, the challenges of its past and present, its hope for the future, the spectral imprint of storytellers who came before me that I could find there and nowhere else that made me feel at home.
How does the L.A. landscape inspire you as a storyteller?
There's space and time to create here, two things that I need as a storyteller, things I didn't always get in New York. But also, its people fascinate me. L.A. still has a Ragged Dick meets Lana Turner siren song that calls people from all over the world to it. It's the one place, at least that I know of, where someone short on talent and long on ambition can come and make a success of themselves. In all fields. Actors, writers, directors, dancers, athletes, models, artists, dreamers and people living out their lives on the outskirts of the dream factories, aware that if it's happening to other people, maybe, just maybe, it could happen to them too. It's hard to not be inspired by them.
What are your favorite DTLA haunts?
Yuko Kitchen, Nickel Diner, KazuNori, Wolf & Crane Bar, the Varnish, Ledlow, Chicas Tacos, Daikokuya, G & B Coffee, Bluewhale jazz club, Chego, Mignon.
Langer's or Wexler's pastrami?
Wexler's (I've not been to Langer's yet, a sin, I know).
Last Bookstore or Book Soup?
Last Bookstore
Grand Central Market stall?
Rahul Khopkar's Ramen Hood
Favorite L.A. hiking trail?
The Bridge to Nowhere [San Gabriel Mountains]. If you keep going past the bridge into the nowhere, you can see everything from gold panners to bighorn sheep.
You've appeared on Broadway (“Impressionism”) as well as on the big screen (“Sex and the City 2”) and TV. Where do you feel most at home as an actor?
I'd say on stage. Night after night, it's entirely up to you, the actor. The live experience is like nothing else. The stakes are raised. You can't yell cut and hope that the editor will splice multiple performances together to make something that works. Also, the amount of time spent in rehearsal, the hours and hours diving into a single text to discover its secrets is not a luxury I get in film or television. There's something special in the connection that can only happen when human beings are in the same room with each other. Despite all of their fancy CGI, it's something that film and TV hasn't figured out how to do yet.
Much has happened in the world since “The Pride” premiered in 2008. What makes the play relevant today?
The main two events of the year this play premiered were the election of Barack Obama and the global recession. Obama, even though he had to famously evolve on the issue, represented a hopeful sense that social progress toward equality was inevitable. The recession was the start to the pushback, against what many of us know as progress toward something more euphemistically “traditional,” a conservative 1950s golden age, which is the other period of this play.
We have seen the rise of nationalists and an erosion of our faith in globalism. It felt like we were going to be given the country and the world we had always been promised. What we assumed was inevitable has been called back into question, even as some other rights have been assured. I think this play serves as a clarion call to remind us that we mustn't go on autopilot, that we can never just assume that the work is done. I think we had a hopeful sense that in 2008 we had or were about to take two steps forward; since then that fear, I think, has forced us to take a step back. It perhaps makes the play even timelier now than when it was written.
The play spans 1958 and 2008. How is your character's fate determined by the era he lives in?
Phillip is a man who is trying to live as well as he can in the circumstances provided to him. In London of 1958, we would have just come out of the existential threat of the Second World War and into a rapidly modernizing world where Britain lost its empire and its place in the world, faced the Cold War, American rock 'n' roll, movies, television and a society struggling to maintain a social order it thought made them great. Homosexuality was a crime and a disease. That fear of being found out for who Phillip really is, and the people he has to support, keep his desires buried deep within him.
Also, media had not fully connected us yet. In 2008, Phillip has not had to deal with many of those social pressures. Progress brings unintended regression in other ways, such as the current hyper-sexuality of our society. What was repressed has now become culture and what was culture has now been repressed. In 2008, I long for the structure, fidelity, trust, something that in 1958 I might've had some form of, but the choice and a society telling me what I am inhibits that.
You collaborated on artist Jon Kessler's “The Web,” a 2013 immersive installation shown in New York and Basel, Switzerland, that addresses mobile devices in our lives while also examining the role of the viewer. Can you tell us about this?
A tariff on U.S. soybeans shipped to China would have mostly negative effects on Ontario's soybean market, experts say.
China announced plans to introduce a 25 per cent toll on U.S. soybeans earlier this month after the U.S. announced its own penalties on China.
Philip Shaw, a Dresden farmer educated in agricultural economics, said any tariff on U.S. soybeans would lower the prices set by the Chicago Board of Trade, which also sets Canadian prices.
He said just the announcement of the potential tariff lowered prices slightly, though they have recovered.
“It just adds a negative tone to the soybean market in general and that impacts the futures market for soybeans,” he said. “If they ever came to fruition, that would be another negative aspect, which would affect our Ontario cash prices.”
J.P. Gervais, chief agriculture economist with Farm Credit Canada, said the tariff could make Canadian soybeans more competitive in China, but the “net impact” will still probably be negative for Canada.
He said since China “imports roughly 60 per cent of all oilseeds in the world,” a tariff on a major supplier would negatively affect world prices.
“I think the price decline outweighs potentially the positive supply response that you would see from Canada,” said Gervais, who is based out of Manitoba.
Shaw said Canada increasing its exports to China would be a long-term effect to the tariff, if it is applied, “because we don't grow a lot compared to their needs.”
Kim Cooper, the agricultural specialist for the Municipality of Chatham-Kent, similarly said Canada currently can't compete with the soybean supplies of countries like Brazil, Argentina and India.
“If China does not want U.S. soybeans because of the trade issues that are going on, they're looking for big tonnage, so they'd be going to Brazil or Argentina and other countries for that tonnage and that tonnage is more than what we produce in all of Canada,” he said.
Cooper, whose background includes working for soybean companies and the former Ontario Soybean Growers, said Canada already ships soybeans to China, but mostly for the food grade market. A tariff on U.S. soybeans would leave a demand for the oilseed market, he said.
Shaw said Canada's canola market might benefit in the short term from the potential tariff.
“It's an oilseed, so it's a direct substitute for soybeans,” he said. “Sometimes you can use canola oil versus soybean oil and if it ever came to fruition, in other words tariffs were enacted, maybe the Chinese would buy less American soybeans, but maybe they would buy more Canadian canola.”
Gervais said even with potentially lower prices, Ontario soybean farmers could still make a profit, but they need to be aware of the “volatility” in the market and possibly make adjustments to their marketing plan.
Shaw said he isn't changing his farming plan this year because the tariff is currently just a threat, but there could be some consequences in future years.
“Any time the largest soybean buyer in the world kicks up their heels a little bit threatening tariffs, everybody listens,” he said. “I'm quite concerned about it.”
Wallace “Jack” Smith, 87, of Granite City, died Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, at his home surrounded by his family.
Visitation will be 5-8 p.m. Monday, Oct. 9, with a service at 7 p.m. at Irwin Chapel, 3960 Maryville Road in Granite City. Burial with full military rites will be at Jefferson Barracks National Cemetery in St. Louis at a later date.
Amyra Dastur replaces Lisa Haydon as the fourth lead in season two of The Trip
Model turned actress, Amyra Dastur, has been roped in to replace Lisa Haydon as one of the four main leads in Bindass' original web series The Trip's second season.
The show already stars Shweta Tripathi, Mallika Dua and Sapna Pabbi, and Amyra Dastur will now be the fourth cast member. The cast starts shooting for the show in July.
Also read: From Social to All About Section 377, seven web series every person in their 20s should watch
The first season brought us a plot that revolved around for childhood friends who go on a road trip in Thailand to celebrate a bachelorette party. However, the journey turns into an emotional rollercoaster for the four frineds. Amyra has been roped in to play Lisa Haydon's character in the miniseries by Bindass and Disney India. Although the production house hasn't divulged the plot, the second season might take off from the finale of season one.
When asked about the role Amyra Dastur said, 'This character is totally different to all the roles I've done before. I fell in love with her the moment my director, Sonam Nair, explained it to me. I am really excited to do a super fun role, finally, and am very interested in seeing how the chemistry with the other girls unfolds in the show. My character is funny, intelligent and super quirky."
Amyra — who is currently busy shooting back-to-back for Mental Hai Kya starring Rajkummar Rao and Kangana Ranaut, Sanjay Dutt's Hindi remake of the Telugu block buster Prasthanam with Ali Fazal, and GV Prakash's Tamil film directed by Adhik Ravichandran — has been signing one big project after the other, and The Trip season two will mark her debut in the digital space.
Updated Date: May 31, 2018 13:11 PM
Dozens of Osoyoos residents are heading back to their homes after the town removed more evacuation orders Wednesday.
Forty-five homes in Paradise Park on Main Street were deemed safe to return to, according to the Town of Osoyoos.
Osoyoos Lake continues to drop and is currently at 278.48 metres above sea level, having dropped around 80 cm since peaking May 12.
READ MORE: Some flood evacuees in Osoyoos able to return home
One home at 8517 Kingfisher Drive has also been given the green light to return home.
Sandbags currently in place should remain in place until town officials advise on their removal.
READ MORE: Okanagan family's cherished mementos damaged in Osoyoos flood waters
Several homes are still being assessed for water damage to determine if those residents can return home.
A full list of addresses affected by the rescinded order can be found on the Osoyoos town website.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before a grand jury reviewing rape and sex assault allegations against him, according to a statement released by his representatives Wednesday.
The disgraced movie mogul made the decision based “on the advice of his attorneys,” the statement says.
“After being unfairly denied access to critical information about this case that was needed to defend him before the grand jury, Mr. Weinstein's attorneys decided that there was not sufficient time to properly prepare Mr. Weinstein,” the statement says.
Weinstein, 66, was charged Friday in two alleged sex attacks in Manhattan in 2004 and 2013.
More than 80 women have publicly accused him of sexual misconduct from harassment to rape.
Weinstein, who has retained veteran criminal lawyer Benjamin Brafman, has denied engaging in any “non-consensual sexual conduct.”
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) — New-age musician and composer Yanni is coming to Buffalo next year.
The concert will take place at Shea's Performing Arts Center on Friday, July 20 at 8 p.m.
It is part of Yanni 25 – Live at The Acropolis Anniversary Concert Tour.
“I find it so exciting to be able to celebrate what I consider to be one of the best performances of my life!” Yanni said. “I can't wait to see everyone and present to all of you this whole new experience, where the past and the present become one! Expect many surprises…My imagination is the only limit!”
Tickets go on sale this Friday at 10 a.m. Prices range from $39.50 to $79.50.
Those interested in buying tickets can get them at LiveNation.com, the Shea's box office or by calling 1-800-745-3000.
Visualising, designing and creating an outfit is as much an art form as painting, sculpting, dancing or singing. And when a designer uses his talent to not just create garments and gain out of it, but to work towards a larger cause, of reviving traditional handlooms while also providing livelihood to hundreds of unemployed weavers, it becomes more than just a brand designing outfits for sale.KNown as master of weaves, designer Gaurang Shah, who took up the challenge of reviving the traditional handlooms and bringing them back in vogue, is someone who creates sarees and outfits that boast of textile art and Indian culture, amalgamating traditional motifs with contemporary textures to make it a heritage piece for the new-age woman. Consequently, this passion of Shah, to promote traditional handlooms, has, today, led to more than 700 weavers working with him all over the country.Shah's impressive pieces have not just found love and appreciation from people across the country but also from the leading ladies of Bollywood including Sonam Kapoor, Vidya Balan, Taapsee Pannu, and Dia Mirza, among others, who have been seen sporting the ethereal sarees on several occasions.However, even with the growing demand for his flawless sarees, Shah, unlike other designers, does not want to retail online.Justifying his decision, Shah said, "My product is such that an online space cannot justify it. I want my client to touch, feel and experience my saree before buying it. So, no online retailing for my brand. Instead, we do trunk shows in cities where I don't have a store."Shah recently came up with his new Spring-Summer collection called 'Neel' -- a lineup of 44 indigo themed handwoven masterpieces that include women's and men's wear -- which provides a unique twist to bandhani and has brought back 'hath-katti' technique after 5 decades.Born and raised in the beautiful city of Hyderabad, Shah credits his love for traditional handlooms to his parents. In an exclusive chat with News18.com, Shah revealed that the primary reason for him to start reviving hand weaves besides his mother's impeccable taste in handlooms was because women who came to his father's fabric shop didn't have enough hand-woven saree options to explore and would therefore settle with 'powerloom' ones.Talking about the growing popularity of handlooms in the last couple of years and, Shah said, "A lot of awareness has been made about handlooms in the past few years, with the like of Narendra Modi and Smriti Irani's 'Make in India' and #iwearhandloom initiatives, also a lot of designers have turned to handlooms and made it ‘fashionable' on major runways and fashion weeks. It's become a style statement to wear handloom, now more than ever, and this isn't going to change anytime soon."Speaking to News18.com about his latest collection 'Neel' Shah said, "The collection aims to bring the best of all aspects of the eco-friendly elements together. The collection was made to manifest the indigo dye which has been a cultural symbol to the textile world." "Binding the various textile arts of India in the rarest dye, the collection comprises of anarkalis, lehengas, kurtas, ijar pants, ghararas and sarees which are apt for summer destination weddings," he added.While speaking about the kind of love his designs have received from Bollywood celebrities and expressing his thoughts on whether celebrity endorsement was a necessity in popularising the traditional handlooms again, Shah said, "Celebrity endorsement was absolutely what pushed the traditional handloom. In a country where we idolize celebrities, it was the best way to reach to the masses. But I have had celebrities who have come to me for the joy of wearing a saree. Kirron Kher started wearing my sarees when I wasn't even a ‘designer' and she came back to me for the happiness she felt in my sarees. When some like Sonam Kapoor wears a Patan Patola dupatta, the younger generation comes to me for that or what she wears.""But, I strongly believe that all my clients have been my biggest motivators and are my brand ambassadors," he added.
SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Brent crude oil prices were near 2015 highs on Tuesday after the unplanned closure of a major North Sea pipeline for repairs, knocking out significant supplies from a market that was already tightening due to OPEC-led production cuts.
A maze of crude oil pipes and valves is pictured during a tour by the Department of Energy at the Strategic Petroleum Reserve in Freeport, Texas, U.S. June 9, 2016. REUTERS/Richard Carson
Brent crude futures LCOc1, the international benchmark for oil prices, were at $64.73 a barrel at 0105 GMT, up 4 cents from their last close.
Brent hit a peak of $64.93 a barrel in the previous session, its highest level since June, 2015.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures CLc1 were at $57.98 a barrel, close to their last settlement.
“Oil shot higher last night on the news that an important North Sea pipeline which usually carries up to 400,000 bpd is going to be offline for some time as repairs are made to cracks that have opened up,” said Greg McKenna, chief market strategist at futures brokerage AxiTrader.
Britain's Forties oil pipeline, the country's largest at a capacity of 450,000 barrels per day (bpd), shut down on Monday after cracks were revealed.
The pipeline carries significant amounts of the physical crude that underlies Brent futures.
“The market reaction shows that in a tight market, any supply issue will quickly be reflected in higher prices,” said ANZ bank.
GOING WIDE
The jump in Brent prices widened its premium to WTI prices to $6.74 a barrel, up from around $5 last week, making U.S. oil exports more attractive.
The cheaper WTI is also a result of rising U.S. oil production C-OUT-T-EIA, which has jumped by more than 15 percent since mid-2016 to 9.71 million bpd, levels not seen since the early 1970s.
U.S. production is now also not far off that of top producers Russia and Saudi Arabia.
The rising U.S. output threatens to undermine efforts led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and a group of non-OPEC producers, most importantly Russia, to support prices by withholding supplies.
OPEC and its allies started withholding supplies last January and currently plan to continue doing so throughout 2018.
Share Share +1 Shares 8
Sky Sports presenter Stelling taking on bigger and better walking challenge for men's health charity
Intrepid television presenter Jeff Stelling laced up his walking boots once more than his latest unbelievable walking challenge for Prostate Cancer UK kicked off its thirteenth day at Harrogate Town FC.
Teaming up with the leading men's health organisation, the long-standing Soccer Saturday host is aiming to raise £500,000 on his March for Men, 15 walking marathons in 15 days at the start of June, from Exeter City FC to Newcastle United FC.
And on the thirteenth day, Wednesday (14 June 2017) the next steps of the 2017 challenge saw the 62-year-old leave Harrogate en route to Bedale Town via Ripon City. The hottest day of the March so far was entirely spent in Yorkshire. The group of walkers is given a pep talk at the start by Professor Norman Maitland, Director of the Cancer Research Unit at the University of York.
Stelling was joined on the day by former England international footballer Danny Mills who has close friends affected by the disease. Also on the march was Preston North End Manager Simon Grayson who lost a good friend to prostate cancer and also recently completed Prostate Cancer UK's Football to Amsterdam cycle challenge. Kevin Webber and Lloyd Pinder, both men with incurable prostate cancer, also matched them stride for stride.
Fresh from raising £420,000 after walking 10 marathons in 10 days from his beloved Hartlepool United to Wembley last year, Stelling, 62, has upped the ante this time round with an even bigger challenge for the leading men's health charity.
Starting in Devon on Friday 2 June, Jeff's March for Men – prostatecanceruk.org/jeffsmarch – will see the Sky stalwart walk 400 miles from the South West to the North East with the symmetrical stroll starting at St James Park, home of the Grecians, and ending at the Magpies' St James' Park a fortnight later.
Jeff's journey will see him visit more than 40 football clubs, heading up the west of England via Bristol and Stoke and through the northern footballing hotbeds of Merseyside and Manchester, before cutting across the country and ending at the home of Championship high flyers Newcastle. Of course, his boyhood club, Hartlepool United will be en route and he will also start the final day at Durham County Cricket Club.
The mega event is part of Prostate Cancer UK's wider walking programme, March for Men, which includes a trio of Local Walks across Father's Day weekend, in London on June 17th and Leeds and Glasgow 24 hours later. The charity will also be encouraging supporters to hold their own marches to try and raise £1 million through walking in 2017.
Over 180 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer every year in the area and the money raised will have a huge impact on the lives of those affected by the disease and will help bring us one step closer to stopping prostate cancer being a killer.
Stelling said: I'm grateful to the people of Bedale, Ripon and Harrogate who came out to support me at the start of my March for Men as we raise vital awareness and funds for Prostate Cancer UK. Prostate Cancer kills one man every hour in the UK, and I just decided I couldn't sit on my backside and do nothing about it. I can put one foot in front of the next and hopefully raise awareness and raise funds to help men beat this diabolical disease. This year's route gives us an opportunity to go to parts of the country that we've not been to before and to spread the word to people who maybe didn't hear that message as loudly last time round. We are heading north relentlessly and ending in St James' Park, Newcastle one of the great football grounds, where I know we will get a fantastic welcome from all Geordies.
Prostate Cancer UK is the Official Charity Partner of The English Football League (EFL) and 22 clubs will be represented along the route, through the heartlands of England.
Stelling will also stop off at eight Premier Leagues clubs as well as 12 Non-League sides with the final day on Friday 16 June kicking off at the Emirates Riverside, home of Durham County Cricket club.
Prostate Cancer UK Chief Executive Angela Culhane, who completed the opening leg and will be walking more than 75 miles across three days of this year's march, said: After his heroic efforts last year, which raised a huge amount of awareness not to mention vital funds in the fight against this deadly disease, I'm proud and delighted Jeff Stelling is continuing on his second March for Men for Prostate Cancer UK. After his ‘unbelievable' walk to Wembley last year, this time round we will be visiting different areas of the country and some legendary football clubs as Jeff continues to spread the word – and of course he will be bringing some big names along. The fact our wonderful walkers are able to stroll side by side with household names from sport, show business and politics establishes this as a charity walk like no other. We look forward to meeting more inspirational people along the way. Ignoring prostate cancer will not beat it. But Jeff's epic efforts have helped wake men up to the need to take action. Thanks to the money raised to date, we can fund more ground-breaking research to fight back against the disease. It will also help us provide dedicated support and information to men and their families and make prostate cancer a disease the next generation of men need not fear.
To support Jeff, and find out more about his challenge, visit prostatecanceruk.org/jeffsmarch
A Delta Air Lines flight from Portland, Oregon, to Atlanta was diverted to Tulsa, Oklahoma, Wednesday because of an onboard disturbance involving a passenger.
Tulsa International Airport spokeswoman Alexis Higgins said Delta flight 1156 landed about 11:30 a.m. and that the passenger was removed to be questioned by the FBI.
Higgins said she did not know the nature of the disturbance and a Delta spokesman did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment.
FBI spokeswoman Andrea Anderson in Oklahoma City confirmed the agency is investigating but referred questions to the U.S. Attorney's office in Tulsa. A phone call seeking comment was not immediately returned.
In a statement, Delta said the flight was diverted because of an "unruly passenger" but that it landed without incident. The airline apologized to other passengers were inconvenienced because of the delay.
Higgins said the aircraft refueled and resumed the flight to Atlanta about 1:35 p.m.
ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - The Pakistani opposition party led by former cricket star Imran Khan is gaining ground in opinion polls ahead of a July 25 general election, with one survey showing it pulling ahead of the ruling party and another showing it only slightly behind.
Imran Khan, chairman of the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI), gestures while addressing his supporters during a campaign meeting ahead of general elections in Karachi, Pakistan, July 4, 2018. REUTERS/Akhtar Soomro
A survey by Pulse Consultant showed Khan's Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI, or Pakistan Justice Movement) ahead with the support of 30 percent of respondents nationwide, compared to 27 percent for its main rival, the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N). The Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) was at 17 percent.
A separate nationwide poll by Gallup Pakistan had PML-N on top with 26 percent, PTI with 25 percent and the PPP at 16 percent.
Both polls were commissioned by Pakistan's Jang Media Group and were published on Wednesday in its affiliated newspaper, The News. They each surveyed about 3,000 people, with a margin of error of 1.6 percent for the Pulse survey and 2-3 percent for Gallup.
The new polls indicate a swing towards Khan's party compared to similar nationwide polls in 2017, which put the PML-N 8-9 percentage points ahead of PTI.
Imran Khan (2nd R), chairman of the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) political party, gestures to clear the way among supporters during a campaign meeting ahead of general elections in Karachi, Pakistan, July 4, 2018. REUTERS/Akhtar Soomro
Khan's political fortunes have improved since PML-N leader Nawaz Sharif was removed as prime minister by the Supreme Court last year over undeclared assets.
Sharif, who was disqualified from politics for life, now faces a verdict in an anti-corruption court on Friday along with his daughter Maryam, who is running for parliament. The case, which concerns the purchase of luxury apartments in London, could see Sharif jailed and Maryam disqualified.
Sharif requested on Wednesday that the authorities delay the verdict until he returns to Pakistan from London, where he is taking care of his ailing wife. He said he would be back as soon as his wife's condition improves.
“I want to hear that decision in person standing in the courtroom,” he told a press conference in London televised live by Pakistani TV channels.
Asked if he would go back home regardless of the outcome in the case, Sharif said: “If it comes in my favour, or, God forbid, it comes against me, I will go back.”
Sharif has accused the military and courts conspiring to oust him and using legal cases and intimidation to help Khan's PTI party, accusations denied by Khan, the army and the judiciary.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Khan, a former cricket captain of Pakistan, has portrayed the legal cases as a long-overdue corruption crackdown on the PML-N, which he has labelled a graft-ridden “mafia”.
Cobourg police officers recently administered Naloxone to revive a man who likely suffered a drug overdose.
Police said on Feb. 21, officers responded to a west end residence where a man in his 20s was found unconscious. Police say information indicated that the man was suffering from a “likely drug overdose” with deteriorating vital signs.
READ MORE: Opioid-related deaths in Ontario jump 52 per cent in 2017 compared to year before
Trained officers in Naloxone administered the drug, “resulting in the male recovering quickly after two doses of Naloxone,” stated Sgt. Jeff Shiels. “Even when Naloxone is administered, there is potential for it to wear off before recovery, sometimes requiring more than one dose.”
The man was subsequently taken to hospital.
Cobourg police say they've recently engaged in training for officers, providing each officer with Naloxone (or brand name Narcan) as part of their issued equipment. The drug is used to reverse an opioid overdose.
READ MORE: Temporary overdose prevention site to open in Peterborough to tackle opioid crisis
Deputy Chief Paul VandeGraaf says while the use of the life-saving drug is becoming more common for first responders, it's a responsibility his organization has not taken lightly, as officers are encountering more incidents of fentanyl and carfentanyl.
“We are very careful around training, and the use of the drug,” he said.
“It would be a tragedy not to have this (Narcan) available and a vulnerable person in our community could need it, or if one of our officers was exposed to fentanyl in the regular course of duties.”
He encourages people to call emergency services in case of an overdose, noting last year's federal Good Samaritan Drug Overdose Act, which protects individuals who call 911 from facing offences such as drug possession.
“We want you to call 911, so we can protect the community, regardless of whether you stay at or leave, an overdose scene,” he said.
By Tim Wester
Sports Correspondent
A father proudly playing catch with his son has been a piece of Americana for decades.
In Union Grove freshman wrestler Cade Willis' family, the father and son bond is a little different.
Instead of throwing around the pigskin or shooting hoops, Cade and his younger brother Cooper could be seen on the Willis' 10-acre farm in Kansasville learning the art of takedowns and reversals from their father Jesse.
Wrestling and working long hours on the farm is sacred to Willis, who proudly grins when talking about his relationship with his family.
“My dad wrestled in high school and my brother also wrestles and will be coming into high school next year,” Willis said. “And my mom also enjoys wrestling and comes to every one of our matches, so it's really fun to have the whole family together for wrestling.”
A near-decade long family wrestling bond and a gritty blue-collar work ethic has made Willis the prototype for a successful wrestler.
“I enjoy all the time you have to put into wrestling, and in turn it is fun what you get out of it,” Willis said. “A lot of other sports, you are with a team on a court or a field, but in wrestling it's you out there by yourself and it's up to you on whether or not you succeed.”
Willis loves wrestling, and wrestling certainly loves him back.
Ranked fourth in the state at 106 pounds, Willis (34-2) has steamrolled through the competition in dual meets and tournaments with 23 pins and 48 takedowns.
Willis will wrestle in his first Southern Lakes Conference tournament tomorrow at Delavan-Darien High School where he'll be one of the favorites to win his weight class.
And when he's not competing for the Broncos, Willis refines his skills further at Higher Level Wrestling in Burlington. Higher Level has produced some of the state's top grapplers over the years, and is the common denominator amongst the many of the wrestlers on the Demons' state-championship contending team this season.
“Cade is not your average freshman wrestler,” Union Grove coach Andy Weis said. “He had many matches under his belt prior to hitting our mats in high school so he was more prepared for the challenges of varsity competition than most kids.”
Despite the passion and near life-long experience competing in a sport he loves, Willis admits he wasn't expecting to achieve such an immediate level of varsity success.
“I wasn't planning on winning as many wrestling matches so fast,” Willis said. “I was planning on getting better and going far at the end of the season.”
Modesty has quickly turned into confidence for the freshman wrestler, who is driven more by two losses than 34 wins.
“Losses stick with me more than the wins because the losses drive me to work harder and get better,” Willis. “Losing makes me focus and work harder on improving technique.”
A rigorous routine
Willis' ritual for improvement includes watching hours of videotape of his matches and then performing a rigorous routine of 50 to 60 reps on wrestling techniques to address mistakes made in matches.
Then when it's time to take the mat for competition, Willis follows a strict routine of running a few sprints, hand fighting and taking half shots. When it's closer to match time, Willis puts the headphones on and listens to a variety of music while running sprints.
The musical genre depends on moods. Some days it's country music getting Willis ready for battle, while pop music does the trick other days.
“I don't have any specific songs in my routine,” Willis said. “It just comes down to what mood I'm in.”
Whatever the routine has been, Willis' success has caught the attention of his teammates, who look to emulate his success.
“I usually let our big leaders like Bubba (Alex Rewolinski), Barron (Masi) and Cameron (Storbeck) take on the leadership role,” Willis said. “They are older and have been here longer, but down the road when I get more experience, I will look to be more of a vocal leader.”
Willis, Rewolinski, Masi, Storbeck, and Keith Storm-Voltz have been the standouts for the Broncos squad that finished 2-5 in the always-tough Southern Lakes Conference. Battling the likes of Burlington and Waterford has helped make Willis and the Broncos better.
“The Lakes is full of tough competitors overall and especially in my weight class,” Willis said. Peyton Jacobson from Elkhorn and Jaden Bird from Burlington are really tough.”
Bird, who has had a standout freshman season for the Demons, has spent countless hours on the mat with Willis as teammates at High Energy.
The duo has wrestled twice in varsity this season with Willis earning decisions in two closely contested matches.
But Willis hasn't done much bragging after two victories, as the two will likely battle tomorrow and then again at regionals.
“I've wrestled him a lot, so there is not a lot of bragging with the wins,” Willis said. “When we are wrestling, it's all business, but when we are done, it's back to being friends.”
Willis and Bird will have to put the friendship off a little while longer as the two gear up for a run at the state championship in Madison.
“I'm really excited to wrestle these couple more weeks in conference, regionals and sectionals,” Willis said. “Getting to Madison is the goal.”
With his talent, drive, and work ethic, Willis certainly has a chance to reach his goal of wrestling in the Kohl Center.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
comments
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Zhejiang Century Huatong Group Co Ltd :
* Says it issued new shares and raised 4.15 billion yuan in total, for funding acquisition and project
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/r3Fcrd
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Harvey Weinstein has responded to Uma Thurman's claim of rape and abuse by releasing a series of photos that his team says “demonstrate the strong relationship Mr. Weinstein and Ms. Thurman had had over the years.”
In a statement that claims Weinstein made an “awkward pass” at Thurman “after “misreading her signals,” Weinstein's team of publicists insists that there “was no physical contact during Mr. Weinstein's awkward pass and Mr. Weinstein is saddened and puzzled as to ‘why' Ms. Thurman, someone he considers a colleague and a friend, waited 25 years to make these allegations public, noting that he and Ms. Thurman have shared a very close and mutually beneficial working relationship where they have made several very successful film projects together.”
The statement, released by Weinstein's spokesperson Holly K. Baird, reads in full:
We have pulled a number of images that demonstrate the strong relationship Mr. Weinstein and Ms. Thurman had had over the years and we wish the New York Times would have published them. Mr. Weinstein acknowledges making an awkward pass 25 years ago at Ms. Thurman in England after misreading her signals, after a flirtatious exchange in Paris, for which he immediately apologized and deeply regrets. However, her claims about being physically assaulted are untrue. And this is the first time we have heard those details. There was no physical contact during Mr. Weinstein's awkward pass and Mr. Weinstein is saddened and puzzled as to “why” Ms. Thurman, someone he considers a colleague and a friend, waited 25 years to make these allegations public, noting that he and Ms. Thurman have shared a very close and mutually beneficial working relationship where they have made several very successful film projects together. This is the first time we are hearing that she considered Mr. Weinstein an enemy and the pictures of their history tell a completely different story. There will be more are detailed response later from Mr. Weinstein's attorney, Ben Brafman.
The photographs released by Baird depict Weinstein in party surroundings with Thurman and others. One shows Weinstein and Thurman, along with John Travolta and Quentin Tarantino at a 20th anniversary party for “Pulp Fiction.”
Sydney: Australia's prime minister has taken a comical swipe at Donald Trump, mimicking his mannerisms and making reference to the Russia scandal, in comments he said were intended as "affectionately light-hearted".
In a leaked audio recording that comes just months after a tetchy phone call between the two leaders, Malcolm Turnbull is heard making fun of the US president's idiosyncratic speaking style.
"The Donald and I, we are winning and winning in the polls," Turnbull said in a closed event for journalists in Canberra on Wednesday.
"We are winning so much. We are winning like we have never won before.
"We are. We are. Not the fake polls. Not the fake polls. They're the ones we are not winning in," he said to laughs from the audience at the Mid-Winter Ball, where politicians and Canberra journalists let their hair down.
"We are winning in the real polls. You know, the online polls. They are so easy to win."
Typically, the event is off-the-record, meaning journalists would not report on what was said, but a recording was leaked to the political editor at commercial broadcaster Channel Nine, who did not attend the soiree and decided to report it.
Turnbull played down the speech late Thursday, saying that he was the butt of the jokes rather than Trump.
"My speech was light-hearted, affectionately light-hearted," he told Melbourne's 3AW radio.
"It's a breach of protocol, it's a breach of faith," he added of the leaked recording. "But it's light-hearted, it's affectionate and the butt of my jokes, was myself."
In a statement cited by Channel 9, the US Embassy in Canberra said they saw the lighter-side of the address.
“We understand that last night's event is equivalent to our own White House Correspondents' Dinner,” it read.
“We take this with the good humour that was intended.”
Last month, Turnbull met the US president in New York to mend fences, after the bad-tempered call early in Trump's White House tenure.
Trump reportedly exploded and cut short the conversation when he was told about a Barack Obama-era deal to move refugees from Australia to America.
The Australian leader appeared to make light of that icy conversation in the leaked recording.
"It was beautiful. It was the most beautiful putting-me-at-ease ever," he said.
In another leaked clip, Turnbull poked fun at the ongoing controversy surrounding the Trump administration's ties to Russia.
"I have this Russian guy. Believe me, it is true. It is true," Turnbull said.
The Tuesday, April 24, 2018 weather forecast for Kelowna, British Columbia and the surrounding Okanagan Valley area.
The story has been the same for the Clippers for most of the year. Take one step forward, two steps back — and then, because of their luck, a stubbed toe or a sprained ankle.
The Clippers got a starter back on the court Monday night, but before the team could celebrate guard Milos Teodosic's return, another injury stomped out any optimism.
Forward Danilo Gallinari, who played just two games after missing 13 with a strained glute muscle, will be out with another glute injury. This time, a bruise caused from a fall late in the Clippers' win Saturday is the culprit.
“It's been this kind of season thus far,” Clippers coach Doc Rivers said Monday before the Clippers' game with Toronto. “But things can change. And they are. They keep changing back to somebody getting hurt.”
Gallinari is one of four starters from opening night to suffer serious injuries this season, joining Blake Griffin (knee), Patrick Beverley (knee) and Teodosic (foot).
Rivers said Gallinari would be out for “a good couple of games.”
Jamil Wilson, who is with the Clippers on a two-way contract, started in Gallinari's place.
The Clippers acquired Gallinari in a sign-and-trade deal this offseason, essentially signing the forward to a three-year, $65-million contract. He's averaged 15.3 points per game in his career, though he's missed at least 19 games in seven of his nine professional seasons before joining the Clippers.
In 11 games with the Clippers this season, Gallinari is averaging 13.4 points and 4.4 rebounds.
In what could be a promising sign, Griffin, who hasn't played in two weeks since spraining the medial collateral ligament in his left knee, did go through an on-court workout before Monday's game with the Raptors.
Griffin's left knee was heavily protected as he went through on-court shooting drills with Clippers assistant John Welch.
Griffin was jumping and moving without any noticeable limp.
According to a team spokesperson, the timetable for his return has not changed. After suffering the injury, the Clippers announced recovery for Griffin's injury “could take up to eight weeks.”
Clippers guard Austin Rivers praised Toronto guard DeMar DeRozan's ability to get to the foul line, an underrated part of the top scorer's skill sets. “It's how he gets himself going,” Austin Rivers said. Monday, DeRozan attempted and made four free throws in the first quarter alone. … Doc Rivers said the Clippers could also have started Sam Dekker in Gallinari's absence.
CAPTION The Times' Bill Plaschke, Gary Klein and Lindsey Thiry break down the Rams' 43-35 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles. The Rams dropped to 9-4, the Eagles clinched the NFC East at 11-2. The Times' Bill Plaschke, Gary Klein and Lindsey Thiry break down the Rams' 43-35 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles. The Rams dropped to 9-4, the Eagles clinched the NFC East at 11-2. CAPTION The Times' Bill Plaschke, Gary Klein and Lindsey Thiry break down the Rams' 43-35 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles. The Rams dropped to 9-4, the Eagles clinched the NFC East at 11-2. The Times' Bill Plaschke, Gary Klein and Lindsey Thiry break down the Rams' 43-35 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles. The Rams dropped to 9-4, the Eagles clinched the NFC East at 11-2. CAPTION Hear from head coach Anthony Lynn and quarterback Philip Rivers after the Chargers beat the Redskins, 30-13, at the StubHub Center. Hear from head coach Anthony Lynn and quarterback Philip Rivers after the Chargers beat the Redskins, 30-13, at the StubHub Center. CAPTION Sammy Watkins could face his older brother, Jaylen, when the Rams and Eagles play Sunday at the Coliseum. Watkins describes the competitive nature between them growing up. Sammy Watkins could face his older brother, Jaylen, when the Rams and Eagles play Sunday at the Coliseum. Watkins describes the competitive nature between them growing up. CAPTION Rams punter Johnny Hekker and his wife, Makayla, took it upon themselves to buy and deliver supplies to those affected by the Thomas fire in Ventura County. Rams punter Johnny Hekker and his wife, Makayla, took it upon themselves to buy and deliver supplies to those affected by the Thomas fire in Ventura County. CAPTION U-T fantasy guru Eddie Brown has the latest on who to add and drop this week. U-T fantasy guru Eddie Brown has the latest on who to add and drop this week.
dan.woike@latimes.com
Twitter: @DanWoikeSports
CHARLOTTE – In light of the recent explosion near the Port Authority bus terminal in New York City, CATS remains vigilant in its focus on safety and security at all of its facilities. We have increased patrols and continue to monitor traffic in and around transit centers and train platforms. We ask the public to help us keep our transit system safe. If you see something, say something! In the midst of holiday shopping and traveling, the public should be remained aware and report any suspicious packages or activities. Safety is everyone's responsibility.
The home, which the entertainer bought six years ago for $700,000, is approached by a gated driveway finished in redwood. A palm tree provides some natural shade for a front patio and entry portico.
At the signing on Tuesday, Pruitt said the proposed regulation would ensure that "the science that we use is going to be transparent, it's going to be reproducible, It's going to be able to be analyzed by those in the marketplace … so that we can enhance confidence in our decision-making."
Posted 08 December 2017 - 08:17 AM
when you look up the stand alone bundle on amazon, shows discontinued, points to GT Sport bundle as the base now. All other headsets are marked discontinued except Gt Sport, Doom, Skyrim.
Seems to be an exclusive with Bethesda in NA for the V2 and Skyrim/Doom. Which is probably just timed and in a few months you will find V2 in a different bundle or the Gt Sport. Which would be a bad move for Sony to update the GT Sport bundle, better to make the GT Sport bundle a timed one, and create a whole new base bundle.
Japan is a whole different argument, Sony has many different bundles/consoles/whatever in Japan, and not anywhere else. (just look at the Vita)
You could be right, but why produce two different versions for the same bundle with new hardware, a month after the release (GT Sport)
I just don't see Sony thinking it wise to release a bundle, and a month later toss new hardware, new box art etc and re release it with zero press release. "Hey new PSVR owner, We just put new hardware in the very bundle *you* just purchased!"
That would be some bad press for Sony...
Has to be a Bethesda deal imo.
EVART, Mich. (WOOD) — Nestle is expected to submit a new permit to build a water pumping station in Osceola County during the planning meeting commission Tuesday night.
Osceola Township supervisor Tim Ladd told 24 Hour News 8 the approval odds of the first permit the company submitted didn't look good due to zoning rules.
The company initially applied for a zoning permit under the category of agriculture usage. The committee felt the permit didn't fit into that category, and said Nestle Waters North America, Inc. would need to re-apply.
“Under zoning, companies need to prove two things, that it is a public necessity and public convenience,” said Ladd.
The pumping station would be built on Spring Hill Camps property in Osceola Township. Nestle wants the pumping station to reach 400 gallons per minute withdrawal. Currently, the company is approved for 250 gallons per minute.
“My opinion, if they turn something in that matches the land use in our zoning, then it will be approved,” said Ladd. “Anything other than that, then we have no option, the planning commission has no option but to deny it.”
The planning commission will vote on the permit at 7 p.m. Tuesday in the auditorium at Evart Middle School. The meeting is open to the public.
If the permit is denied, it will go in front of the Osceola Township Board of Appeals.
The Michigan Department of Environmental Quality is also reviewing Nestle's proposal to increase groundwater pumping. If MDEQ turns down the permit, the planning commission's decision will be irrelevant.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
A four-month-old girl was hospitalised in Rajasthan's Bhilwara district where she was branded with an iron rod to cure her of a severe cough and cold on Monday.The baby, Nandini, from Rama Kheda village in Bhilwara, was rushed to Mahatma Gandhi Hospital in Bhilwara after her health deteriorated.A police officer said the girl was apparently branded a couple of days ago, but the matter came to light on Monday when the doctors were informed about it.The girl was branded on her stomach and was undergoing treatment, a doctor said.The girl is suffering from pneumonia and congenital heart disease. Cases of superstitious practices like branding to cure from cold and cough are common in Bhilwara. She is undergoing treatment in the ICU ward, in-charge paediatrics at Mahatma Gandhi Hospital, Dr. O P Agal said.A case has been registered under various IPC sections against unidentified accused on the complaint lodged by the Child Welfare Committee and further investigation is on, SHO Karoi police station Sunil Chaudhary said.He said that this is not the first case in Bhilwara where superstition have even snuffed out the life of innocent children.Last March, a 10-month-old infant girl lost her life to superstitious practice when she was branded with an iron rod allegedly by her grandfather to cure her of a severe cough and cold.
"He was a good kid," she said. "He was very faithful to his children. He was trying to get himself together as far as going back to school."
KEOLABS announces ICUBE Testing Center
May 2018 by Marc Jacob
With the inception of ICUBE, the group creates two separate companies: KEOLABS keeps on delivering best-in-class testing tools while ICUBE proposes testing services for smart card technology and related products. With this new structure, all players in the secure transactions industry will benefit from a clearer offer allowing them to obtain test tools from KEOLABS and to perform testing services with ICUBE.
ICUBE proposes testing services for all players in the secure transactions industry. Building upon years of expertise coming from both test operation and test tools development, ICUBE Testing Center provides conformance services for smart cards, card readers and related systems.
Thanks to its accreditation by COFRAC (French Accreditation Committee), under the standard ISO/IEC 17025, the testing center confirms its impartiality, reliability and competence, thus fostering stakeholder confidence and acceptance of its test results.
ICUBE conducts conformance testing in accordance with ISO/IEC 10373 (contact and contactless), ISO/IEC 18745-1/2, CEN/TS 16794, NFC Forum, ICAO, EAC, CIPURSE and ISO/IEC 18013 standards. In addition to conformance testing, ICUBE proposes debug sessions in order to bring support to product developers to identify specific issues during the development of their products. According to developers' needs, debug sessions can be based on a test standard (pre-certification) or a proprietary test plan associated with a specific issue.
Oh dear Princess Charlotte. On Monday, your entire life changed. And not just because you got a baby brother or because you waved adoringly to the press and became a full-fledged celebrity (you totally were one already) or because you made history by being the first ever British princess whose place in line for the throne can't be usurped by a younger brother. No, on Monday your life changed because you joined an elite club. A club stereotyped by people the world over who will call you Jan Brady and accuse you of having a "syndrome" and assume you're constantly bitter — Monday, you became a middle child.
Welcome. If I could pass out goody bags to all who join this special group, it would include things like a badge that says Peacemaker, a pack of tissues (because you're "the sensitive one"), a microphone so you can be heard over the bossy older sibling and the wailing baby of the family, and a big giant hug for your self confidence. Oh, and a compilation of the best Jan episodes from The Brady Bunch. (Come on. She's practically our mascot in all the worst ways.)
But don't be afraid. Being a middle child isn't a curse. There are plenty of myths and stereotypes out there when it comes to being the middle of your siblings courtesy of "experts" and "studies." (As if studies on children can solely be taken at face value like we're all little robots.) In an article in Psychology Today, Katrin Schumann, co-author of The Secret Power of Middle Children, noted that a certain Stanford University study really propelled the myth of "middle child syndrome." Apparently that study found that middle children are considered the most envious, the least bold, and least talkative of all the birth orders.
We're team players, yet we're independent, and we learn to take care of things on our own.
Girl, I saw you waving at the press with all the confidence in the world — I know you're not the "least" bold in your family.
And how could you be when, as a middle child, you're destined to be a leader? In the same Psychology Today article, Schumann noted that middle children tend to be more cooperative and trusting in their friendships. We aren't resentful or bitter — we're team players, yet we're independent, and we learn to take care of things on our own. It makes sense that parents can be more concerned emotionally with their older children and their babies, but all that does be give you a leg up — you're empathetic, you think outside of the box, and you don't conform to societal standards, according to Schumann.
That's not to say your parents don't adore you — they do. Middle babies seem to have a sweetness about them. While the youngest can be more exhausting and needy and the older can require more attention as they hit milestones your parents haven't been through before, the middle child tends to be the sweet spot. Your parents know you're OK. They know what to expect (for the most part) and they get to spend most of their time just soaking you up and loving you for who you are — the perfect filling in the lineup.
There is nothing better than having someone older than you and someone younger than you to be your best friends in life.
I mean, look at you here. Your mama in sweet yellow and you, all in delicate baby white, with no idea that one day your mom is going to leave the Lindo Wing with a third baby, pushing you into a new (and the best) role as middle child.
And you know what's even sweeter? Getting to have an older and a younger sibling. I have an older sister and a younger brother, and when I tell you there is nothing better than having someone older than you and someone younger than you to be your best friends in life, I mean it.
George is going to teach you all the things he's learned. He's going to be your guide and help you get through the hard parts of growing up. He's going to give you a heads-up when your parents are being crabby, and he's going to advise you on the best ways to sneak out of the palace. (Maybe don't try that last one.)
Chris Jackson/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Your little brother is going to be the one that you get to impart your wisdom to. He's going to be your little partner in crime, the baby of the family, the one you'll feel fiercely protective of and do anything to help.
Together, the three of you are going to be a team. And you, as the middle, are probably going to be the peacemaker. If you're anything like me and the dozens of other middle children I know, you're going to be the people pleaser, too. You just want everyone to get along and you just want there to be harmony between the three of you. But that's where those leadership skills come in. Like Martin Luther King Jr. and Abraham Lincoln, you're going to listen to people, you're going to be empathetic, and you're going to trust in yourself.
And on the days where George and the baby gang up on you, you're going to know exactly how to deal with it — with grace, with patience, and with a good slam of the door and a "BOYS OUT" sign. (Trust me on this one. It works.)
Tenpin bowling is a bit of an old school leisure activity in a world where entertainment options are dominated by smartphones, games consoles and screens of all sorts. But Hollywood Bowl (LSE: BOWL), the UK?s largest operator of tenpin bowling lanes, has found that investing in upgrading its centres and appealing to young families is a very profitable exercise. In the half year to March, the group?s revenue rose 7.9% year-on-year (y/y) to £59.3m. It opened one new centre to take its total to 55 and also increased like-for-like (LFL) sales by 1.2%. And looking ahead there?s still considerable room…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
Tenpin bowling is a bit of an old school leisure activity in a world where entertainment options are dominated by smartphones, games consoles and screens of all sorts. But Hollywood Bowl (LSE: BOWL), the UK's largest operator of tenpin bowling lanes, has found that investing in upgrading its centres and appealing to young families is a very profitable exercise.
In the half year to March, the group's revenue rose 7.9% year-on-year (y/y) to £59.3m. It opened one new centre to take its total to 55 and also increased like-for-like (LFL) sales by 1.2%. And looking ahead there's still considerable room for management to increase sales by pursuing growth drivers in the near future.
The company has a strong pipeline of future sites with three new centres due to open in H2 and a further three sites already lined up and due to begin operating in fiscal year 2018/2019. On top of this, LFL sales should also continue to rise as the company's refurbishment programme overhauls run-down Bowlplex locations it purchased in 2015 and introduces popular concepts such as Hollywood Diner restaurants and VIP lanes across the estate.
The company is also highly profitable and kicks off plenty of cash. In H1, EBITDA margins rose to 30.8% to £18.2m and net cash flow increased to £7.3m. With net debt at period-end falling to £13.5m and new centres only costing around £2.3m on average, shareholders see increasing amounts of cash thrown their way going forward.
Analysts are already pencilling in a 3.4% dividend yield for the year ahead. This figure should only rise as the company's margins rise, one-off costs related to its IPO roll off, and refurbishment capex tails off as it nears completion of the estate renovation. Hollywood Bowl's fortunes should rise and fall generally in line with the broader macroeconomic environment but with good rollout prospects, high income potential and a valuation of just 13 times trailing earnings, it's still one small cap I'd own for the long term.
Back on the right track
Another stock I'd buy today is software escrow and testing assurance provider NCC Group (LSE: NCC). The company's share price is still recovering from a couple nasty profit warnings since last winter and I reckon its shares could be a long-term bargain at their current price.
The main reason is that despite self-inflicted pain over the past few quarters the company is still well-placed to benefit from the broader increase in demand for cybersecurity services while in the short term raking in cash from its software escrow business.
The new management team plans to profitably benefit from these tailwinds by selling off its software and web testing services and doubling-down on targeting the relatively fragmented and under-served cybersecurity services market. And while this turnaround is being executed the company is still cash flow positive with low levels of debt, meaning investors' downside risk is considerably lower than with the likes of Carillion, for example.
With sector tailwinds at its back, a solid turnaround plan to improve sales and margins, and a healthy balance sheet, NCC Group appears to be a great play on cybersecurity to me.
(KOHN)- For the first time, the fired state worker who sent a false missile alert is speaking out.
On Saturday, Jan. 13, at 8:07 a.m., a Hawaii Emergency Management Agency employee mistakenly sent a statewide emergency alert to cell phones that read: “Ballistic missile threat inbound to Hawaii. Seek immediate shelter. This is not a drill.”
The alert created widespread panic, and a follow-up alert wasn't sent until 38 minutes later: “There is no missile threat or danger to the State of Hawaii. Repeat. False Alarm.”
The worker was fired on Friday, Jan. 26, nearly two weeks after the incident.
He has asked us not to identify him because of the death threats, but tells us the state lied about him and the problems he had in the past, so he wants everyone to hear his side of the story.
“I feel pretty guilty and devastated the last couple of weeks. It's been very hard,” he said.
“Guilty of what exactly?” KHON2 asked.
“I just feel bad about what I put the public through as far as the panic is concerned,” he said.
The worker says when the supervisor sent out the message on a secure phone for the drill, someone was supposed to put it on speaker phone so everyone could hear it. Instead, that person picked it up.
“It seemed very real from the start, and the message that I heard was. ‘This is not a drill,” he said. “I couldn't hear the message, the beginning of the message saying ‘Exercise, exercise, exercise.' I heard the part ‘This is not a drill,' and then I didn't hear exercise at all, in the message or from my coworkers, up until the point where I sent the alert out.
“I felt sick afterwards. It was like a body blow,” he added. “At the time, with the information I had, I was 100-percent sure it was the right decision. I did what I was trained to do,” he said. “It was a fast-paced, rather chaotic office at the time. They were kind of rushing through things, and the energy felt different than drills previously.”
He adds that the phrase, “This is not a drill,” was never used in other exercises before.
When we asked the state about it earlier this week, officials said they had used that phrase before, but will no longer use it in future exercises.
“You've gone through other missile alert drills before, and you've never heard that message, ‘This is not a drill?'” KHON2 asked.
“Right, right. I was 100-percent convinced that it was real. No one said drill or exercise or any words to that effect,” he said.
The worker adds that nobody else knew that he thought it was real, because nobody asked him why he did what he did — not until three days later when he was asked to give a written statement.
“Do you know why they wouldn't talk to you?” KHON2 asked.
“They trusted the supervisors more than the workers with the story,” he replied.
Something else he says the state lied about: that he had mistaken drills as real events at least two times in the past, and that he was counseled for them.
“That's a mystery to me,” the employee said. “I was never counseled about any mistakes. Nothing was documented about them. I didn't sign off on any type of drill mistakes that I made. When I read about it in the news, it was hurtful.”
As far as not cooperating with the investigation as stated by the state and the FCC, he said, “That's not true that I was unwilling to talk. It's not true I was asked to give a written statement. My boss did that.”
The fired worker says he plans to file an appeal to try and get his job back, and he's considering filing a lawsuit against the state for defamation.
Beck (Philip Cosores), Blink-182 (Cosores), Elvis Costello (Brittany Brassell)
Riot Fest has revealed its preliminary 2018 lineup. The Chicago punk and rock festival to Douglas Park from September 14th-16th.
Blink-182, Beck, and an as-yet-unannounced third headline top this year's bill. Other notable acts include Elvis Costello & the Imposters, Interpol, Blondie, Incubus, The Jesus Lizard, Father John Misty, Alkaline Trio, Cat Power, Digable Planets, Pussy Riot, and 82-year-old rock ‘n' roll pioneer, Jerry Lee Lewis.
Also playing are Dropkick Murphys, Bad Religion, Cypress Hill, Sum 41, Flogging Molly, Underoath, Clutch, Gary Numan, Killing Joke, Young the Giant, Bleachers, Atmosphere, Matt and Kim, Julian Casablancas & The Voidz, Johnny Marr, Superchunk, The Front Bottoms, Bouncing Souls, FEAR, Twin Peaks, Calpurnia (feat. Finn Wolfhard of Stranger Things), Liz Phair, Hot Snakes, Wolfmother, Reignwolf, Face to Face, Lagwagon, Adolescents, Speedy Ortiz, HEALTH, The Districts, and Kevin Devine, along with festival mainstays Andrew W.K. and GWAR.
A second wave of artists will be announced in the coming weeks.
General admission and VIP passes are now on sale through the festival's website.
The Moline High School Bass Fishing Team is currently in first place in the state tournament in Carlyle, Illinois.
Cade Harris and Phelps Bohlman caught five fish today totaling just over 8 pounds.
Tomorrow is the second day of competition. The team with the most fish and combined weight wins.
To keep up with the team and follow their progress, visit the team's Facebook page.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mani Asare has been warned that the club will take action if he cannot turn around Chesham United Reserves ' poor run of form.
The team started the campaign well and looked set to match last season's best ever finish of fifth in Spartan South Midlands Division One.
But a 17-game losing streak stretching back to October has seen them plummet to third-bottom, with only their good early-season form keeping them out of the drop zone.
First team manager Andy Leese has always said league position is secondary to player development, but has now warned that philosophy only extends so far.
He said: “That only applies up to a certain point, let's not hide behind any excuses. It's not good enough, and I've spoken to Mani. They're on an absolutely dreadful run and have got themselves in a real tail-spin.
“You have to develop players in the right environment, they cannot flourish playing under pressure every week. There has been a lot of upheaval, and any player coming into the side has found it difficult. I've asked Mani to get it settled down and focus on the players we have.
“We don't want to go down. We're at a good level of football, and it's important for the future development of players to stay at that level. We're keeping an eye on it, and if we have to take action to ensure we stay at this level, we will do.”
Two goals from Alex Ward were not enough to prevent the latest defeat, a 3-2 home reverse to Broadfields United on Saturday. They travel to Brimsdown, one of only two teams below the in the table, this Saturday.
In the Premier Division, Holmer Green , who had no game last weekend, are only out of the drop zone on goal difference. They host Leighton Town this Saturday and visit Leverstock Green three days later. In Division Two, Amersham Town went down 1-0 at Old Bradwell United, and they host league leaders Totternhoe this Saturday.
HOLLYWOOD, Fla. (AP)  A Florida nursing home that had 12 patients die after Hurricane Irma has laid off 245 workers.
The Sun Sentinel reported the layoffs Friday for the Rehabilitation Center at Hollywood Hills. The facility was evacuated last month, several days after the storm damaged the electric transformer that powered the facility's air conditioning. State officials later suspended their license, and owners eventually closed the facility permanently.
The layoffs include 79 certified nursing assistants, 37 licensed practical nurses, 23 occupational or physical therapists, 18 registered nurses, 25 environmental or laundry workers, 10 administrative assistants, five doctors, and others who worked in activities, dietary aid, engineering and supplies.
___
Advertisement
Information from: Sun Sentinel , http://www.sun-sentinel.com/
Justin Turner's three-run home run and Yasiel Puig's double in the first has given the Dodgers a lead early in the game. A.J. Pollock's homer in the third got Arizona on the board.
Get complete coverage from inside and outside of Dodger Stadium from our team of reporters and photographers, including columnists Bill Plaschke and Dylan Hernandez and Dodgers beat writer Andy McCullough.
A 235-strong contingent from the 4th Canadian Division is heading to the harsh environs of the Arctic to take part in the annual Northern Exercise (NOREX), a training program that aims to boost Canada's military capabilities along its Arctic borders, from Feb. 4-17.
While last year's NOREX 17 focused on mobility, transportation and patrolling in remote areas, this year's edition will simulate a first response to a major air disaster scenario in an Arctic location, with soldiers trained on how to plan for and respond to such a situation.
NOREX 18, which will take place around the hamlet of Resolute, Nunavut, will also challenge soldiers to hone an array of Arctic warfare skills involving operation of weaponry and survival equipment, and conducting of patrols.
The exercises will feature the Ontario-based 4th Canadian Division members training and working alongside members of the Canadian Rangers based in Yellowknife, N.W.T.
“While the Air Force may fly over it and the Navy may sail past it, the Canadian Army and the Canadian Rangers must operate overland in the harsh conditions of the Arctic.” — Canadian Army website.
“This challenging exercise is an incredible opportunity for our soldiers to test their survivability, mobility and sustainability in Canada's Arctic, while ensuring we can provide support and operate when and where Canadians require us,” said NOREX 18 exercise director Lt.-Col. Perry Rittershofer.
READ MORE: $5.2 billion service contract awarded for Canada's new fleet of Arctic offshore patrol ships
“NOREX 18 will demonstrate our ability to rapidly respond to emergencies in the far North within its austere and harsh winter conditions,” added Brig.-Gen.Stephen Cadden, commander of the 4th Canadian Division.
“These exercises help to improve and sustain our Arctic expertise in support of Canada's defence priorities in Northern Canada and to serve our most remote communities.”
Follow @Kalvapalle
Hey, old white people. Stop outvoting the interests of young people and minorities.
Maybe just stop voting.
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne at Humber College on Friday said, “If you don't vote, then somebody who looks like me is going to vote, some senior person, older than me, some white person.”
So let's count the ways this is an outrageous comment, based on the metrics liberals usually used to attack conservatives.
First, it is ageist. To suggest that old and young people may not have the same party and policies in mind on election day is presumptuous at best.
Perhaps both demographics are concerned about employment and the ability to get by on what they earn. Both have lagged under 14 years of the Liberals.
Perhaps minorities are just as concerned about hydro rates and the disappearance of manufacturing jobs in Ontario as old white people.
Her assertion is that the votes of old, white people need to be challenged and negated.
It is of course also racist. Does she feel that old black people's votes are fine? What about elderly Chinese voters? Are they OK?
Middle aged Aboriginals? What about them?
What sort of person goes to speak to a group and makes the blatant assumption — and assertion — that the group's interests are automatically counter to and in danger from one other particular demographic?
The answer might be a person who is pandering to the lowest common denominator on race; the sort of thing liberals like to accuse conservatives of.
Ali Taghva, writing “as a person of colour,” on thepostmillennial.com argues, “Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne has now begun to play full-scale identity politics. If you are white or old, then you automatically prescribe to have a set of beliefs, values, and pre-noted crimes. If you are young or not white, you are prescribed a different set. She does this with purpose, hoping to separate individuals along those lines with no care in regards to what that will do to our society.”
It is a shocking thing to hear from a government that insists that employers be colour-blind in their decisions, but perhaps not surprising from Wynne, as she said recently that we need to view government policy “through a race lens.”
What would happen if a similar derogatory comment about one demographic was made at a workplace?
Sunira Chaudhri, a labour lawyer at Levitt, LLP responds, “Saying that at a workplace would flood the Human Rights Tribunal with complaints.”
It is true that voting participation increases as we get older.
It is also true that visible minorities seem to vote at a smaller percentage than what some surveys call “other Canadians.”
But no responsible person would attempt to increase voter turnout in one group by demonizing another. It is shameful.
If Wynne walked the talk she constantly delivers about a caring, fair, inclusive society she would work to engage all groups in the value of exercising the amazing right we have to have our say in who leads us in this country.
Perhaps Wynne could make up for her insult by creating a “safe space” for older white people who were “triggered” by her comments.
After all, that's the sort of language she would use if PC Leader Doug Ford had made such an odious assertion as hers.
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian made a brief court appearance Tuesday and has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit, showed no emotion as he stated his name for the Finch Ave. court.
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered him remanded in custody until he appears by video May 10.
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack.
His father, Vahe Minassian, was escorted out of the court by police officers.
What's better than an ice cream truck headed your way? An ice cream truck headed your way with free ice cream. Uber is making that happen with ~Free Cone Friday~ from Aug. 11 to Sept. 22.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Here's how it works: If you live in one of the 10 participating cities (find your city here) you can request and match up with an Uber Ice Cream Truck, which will get you five ice cream cones and a free silicone Uber-stamped cone. Then, with that reusable cone, you can head to McDonald's and get a free soft-serve refill every Friday until Sept. 22. So much free ice cream!
As an added bonus, Uber ice cream is also v. cute!
Most Popular
🍦🍭👅✨nothing says summer friday quite like this! beginning tomorrow, order an ice cream through the @uber app, and they will send an ice cream truck your way, complete with a collectible cone perfect for some soft serve 😍 get the scoop by visiting uber.com/icecream #UberIceCream #partner A post shared by Lauren | Travel + Lifestyle (@laurenswells) on Aug 10, 2017 at 6:56am PDT
An #ubericecream truck came to the @bustle office today 🍦😭 // (also, sry about my chipped nail 🤷🏼‍♀️💅🏻) A post shared by Jamie Primeau (@jpreemo) on Aug 11, 2017 at 7:49am PDT
Follow Delish on Instagram.
Download the Delish app.
ISLAMABAD, Jul 3 (APP):Pakistani Zaireen (pilgrims), accompanied by High Commissioner Sohail Mahmood, Tuesday visited the shrine of Hazrat Amir Khusro (RA) in New Delhi, and presented the traditional chaddar on behalf of the government and people of Pakistan.
A group of 165 Pakistani Zaireen was visiting New Delhi to participate in the 714th Urs of Hazrat Amir Khusro.
High Commissioner Sohail Mahmood and the group of Pakistani Zaireen were greeted at the Dargah by Sajjadah Nasheen Dewan Tahir Nizami. Dewan Moosa Nizami and other members of the Dargah Committee were also present on the occasion, a message received here from New Delhi said.
After laying the traditional chaddar at the shrine, the participants offered dua. Afterwards, the High Commissioner and Zaireen paid their respects at the Dargah of Hazrat Nizamuddin Aulia (RA), located in the same compound.
Later, the High Commissioner had a session with Pakistani Zaireen as well as the accompanying officials from the Pakistan Ministry of Religious Affairs and Inter-faith Harmony.
The Urs of Hazrat Amir Khusro, mystic and a spiritual disciple of Hazrat Nizamuddin Aulia (RA), is celebrated every year with traditional zeal and fervour, and is attended by devotees from different parts of the world, including Pakistan.
The pilgrims' visit takes place within the framework of the 1974 Pakistan-India Protocol on Visits to Religious Shrines.
Hazrat Amir Khusro was a great Sufi musician, poet and scholar of South Asia. He was profoundly devoted to his murshid Hazrat Nizamuddin Aulia (RA). Hazrat Amir Khusro is also regarded as the “father of qawwali” as he fused the Persian, Arabic, Turkish, and South Asian musical traditions to create the form of Sufi devotional music.
Speaking on the occasion, High Commissioner Sohail Mahmood highlighted the role of Sufi saints in the spiritual and cultural journey of the people of South Asia.
The High Commissioner expressed gratification that this group of Zaireen from Pakistan was able to visit New Delhi to pay obeisance.
Noting that the process of imbibing from the teachings of Sufi saints and visiting their shrines had been going on for centuries, he hoped that this tradition would continue for all the years to come.
During the dua, Dewan Tahir Nizami also prayed for the betterment of ties between the peoples of India and Pakistan.
Over and over again, those on America's far right have learned that the 1st Amendment doesn't protect them from Silicon Valley tech companies.
For weeks, neo-Nazis, white nationalists and other far-right figures have been organizing for a “Unite the Right” demonstration in Charlottesville, Va., on Saturday, which is expected to be one of the largest rallies of its kind in at least a decade.
But days before the rally, the short-term lodging service Airbnb started suspending the accounts of rally attendees who had rented houses in the area. Why? The San Francisco-headquartered company requires customers to “accept people regardless of their race, religion, national origin, ethnicity,” among other things — a dealbreaker for white nationalists, who have been banned by other popular companies for similar reasons.
It was a blow for the organizers, who had “taken over all of the large AirBnBs in a particular area,” according to a user on the message board for the Daily Stormer, a popular neo-Nazi website, who had “set up ‘Nazi Uber' and the ‘Hate Van' to help in moving our people around as needed.”
This wasn't the first time the far-right had to find someone willing to provide services for its members. Increasingly, the group's solution is to provide its own.
Over the last two years, a crop of start-ups has begun offering social media platforms and financial services catering to right-wing Internet users.
“We're getting banned from using payment-processing services, so we have no other choice,” said Tim Gionet, who goes by the name “Baked Alaska” and who is scheduled to speak at the Charlottesville rally. “If that's the gamble they want to take, I guess they can, and we'll make our own infrastructure.”
The new companies are small, paling in audience size to their gargantuan, mainstream counterparts. But piece by piece, supporters of the far-right are assembling their own corporate tech world — a shadow Silicon Valley, one with fewer rules.
After being banned from Twitter during the 2016 presidential campaign, many members of the “alt-right” movement of white nationalists joined Gab, which describes itself as “an ad-free social network for creators who believe in free speech, individual liberty, and the free flow of information online.” On Tuesday, one of the site's most popular posts was an image that said, “I ❤ BEING WHITE.”
“The market is owned and controlled and operated by the oligarchy of Twitter and Facebook and Google,” said Gab's founder, Andrew Torba.
“The reality is hate speech is free speech,” Torba added, citing U.S. Supreme Court precedent. With predominantly left-leaning companies, many of them in San Francisco, setting the boundaries on what speech isn't acceptable on for-profit platforms, “that's a huge opportunity to sit here and defend the Internet that I grew up on,” he said.
Right-wing activists banned from the crowdfunding site Patreon can fundraise on Hatreon, a platform created to counter the “inexcusable content policing of services like Patreon.”
Hatreon — pronounced HATE-ree-on — currently features fundraisers supporting Richard Spencer, one of America's most prominent white nationalists (who has 34 “patrons” pledging to donate $362 to him a month), and Andrew Anglin, who, as founder and editor of the Daily Stormer, is one of America's most prominent neo-Nazis (with 50 donors pledging $869.17 a month).
Spencer called Hatreon's founder, Cody Wilson, of Austin, Texas, to praise the service, telling him he would use it “even if you were the most left-wing Jewish communist,” according to Wilson. (Spencer confirmed the accuracy of the remarks.)
Wilson, who is best known for his efforts to produce guns through 3-D printing, described himself as an “Internet anarchist” who wants to disrupt the establishment's status quo. He was intrigued by far-right users on social media, who sometimes post racist, sexist and anti-Semitic comments and images but also playful memes of their de facto mascot, “Pepe,” a cartoon frog. “Frog Twitter and the so-called ‘alt-right' — there's a lot of life there,” Wilson said. “I'm kind of happy to help it mutate.”
Another crowdfunding start-up, WeSearchr, has raised more than $150,000 for Anglin's legal defense in a lawsuit filed by the Southern Poverty Law Center, the anti-extremism nonprofit, after Anglin organized a “troll storm” against a Jewish woman on the Daily Stormer.
WeSearchr often sponsors fundraisers for medical bills and legal defense funds for far-right figures who have gotten in fights with left-wing activists who call themselves “anti-fascists.” It also offers “bounties” — money donated by users to meet a certain objective — seeking the identities of anti-fascists involved in violent encounters.
WeSearchr's owner, Chuck C. Johnson, a right-wing journalist and provocateur who has been banned from Twitter, told The Times in an email that it was “good business to allow free speech” and that he believes not discriminating against users' political views might give him better protection from lawsuits.
Johnson, whose operation is based in California, added that his attorney advised him that, under state law, it's illegal to discriminate on the basis of politics. “All are welcome to fundraise on my properties,” Johnson wrote.
One of WeSearchr's other founders, Pax Dickinson, recently split from the company to start his own crowdfunding site, Counter.Fund, with an “explicit dedication against Marxist political correctness and the globalist progressive Left,” according to its website.
Dickinson was the chief technology officer of Business Insider until he was forced to resign in 2013 after sexist and racist tweets of his were uncovered by the news site Gawker. Dickinson since has channeled his entrepreneurial energies into creating financial infrastructure to sustain the far-right.
Vigil@nce - F5 BIG-IP: Man-in-the-Middle via a wrong X.509 validation
March 2018 by Vigil@nce
This bulletin was written by Vigil@nce : https://vigilance.fr/offer
SYNTHESIS OF THE VULNERABILITY
An attacker can act as a Man-in-the-Middle againt F5 BIG-IP, in order to read or write data in the session.
Impacted products: BIG-IP Hardware, TMOS.
Severity: 2/4.
Creation date: 19/01/2018.
DESCRIPTION OF THE VULNERABILITY
The F5 BIG-IP product uses the TLS/IPsec protocol, in order to create secure sessions.
However, the X.509 certificate and the service identity are not correctly checked.
An attacker can therefore act as a Man-in-the-Middle againt F5 BIG-IP, in order to read or write data in the session.
ACCESS TO THE COMPLETE VIGIL@NCE BULLETIN
https://vigilance.fr/vulnerability/...
An Isabella County man is dead after deputies say the pickup he was driving was hit by a suspected drunk driver.
It happened just after 3:00 Sunday afternoon near Blanchard and Crawford Roads in Lincoln Township.
Deputies say a man from Crystal crossed the center line and side swiped a pickup truck driven by Duane Ryckman, from Winn.
The pickup then lost control and rolled several times. Ryckman was thrown from the truck and pronounced dead at the scene.
The driver of the car that crossed the center line was not hurt and arrested for operating while impaired causing death.
Verizon and Sprint are turning it up with some great savings on flagship devices like the Google Pixel 2 or 2 XL, LG G7 ThingQ and a bunch of Samsung Galaxy devices.
Verizon is offering up to $300 off the Google Pixel 2 or 2 XL, LG G7 ThingQ or LG V30, and the Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+. To take advantage of this deal, you'll need to trade in an eligible device and sign up for a monthly installment plan. Discounts will come in the form of monthly bill credits.
See at Verizon
Meanwhile, Sprint is offering 50% off new Samsung Galaxy phones, including the Galaxy Note 8, Galaxy S9 & S9+. Galaxy S8 & S8+, and the Galaxy S8 Active. To be eligible, you must sign up for a new line with Sprint Flex Lease for 24 months. You'll get the discount in the form of monthly credits on your phone bill ($16.50/month). Also for a limited time only, you'll get free activation when you sign up online (saving you $30).
See at Sprint
(Reuters) - Comcast Corp said on Monday it had abandoned its bid for most of the assets of Rupert Murdoch's Twenty-First Century Fox Inc, leaving Walt Disney Co as the sole suitor in pursuit of the $40 billion-plus deal.
FILE PHOTO: The Twenty-First Century Fox Studios flag flies over the company building in Los Angeles, California U.S. on November 6, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson /File Photo
Sources told Reuters last week that Disney was in the lead to acquire the assets, which include Fox's FX and National Geographic cable channels, its movie studio, the Star network in India and stake in European pay-TV provider Sky PLC.
The Murdoch family, which controls Fox, prefers a deal with Disney because it would rather be paid in Disney stock than Comcast stock, and expects a potential deal with Disney to be cleared by U.S. antitrust regulators more easily, one of the sources said.
Comcast, the biggest cable provider in the United States, said in a statement on Monday that its discussions with Fox had ended.
“When a set of assets like Fox's becomes available, it is our responsibility to evaluate if there is a strategic fit that could benefit our company and our shareholders,” Comcast said. “That is what we tried to do and we are no longer engaged in the review of those assets. We never got the level of engagement needed to make a definitive offer.”
FILE PHOTO - A logo of Walt Disney company is displayed on a monitor outside of the New York Stock Exchange shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., December 5, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
The assets in question would have expanded Comcast's international footprint through ownership of Sky and Star. A source told Reuters in mid-November that Comcast had approached Fox about its interest, and talks were in early stages.
FILE PHOTO - The NBC and Comcast logo are displayed on top of 30 Rockefeller Plaza, formerly known as the GE building, in midtown Manhattan in New York July 1, 2015. The Art Deco skyscraper, also known as '30 Rock' and once displayed a large neon 'GE', unveiled the NBC Peacock logo and Comcast brand-name this week. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Disney's negotiations with Fox are continuing, and a deal could be reached as early as this month, sources close to the situation said on Monday. The persons asked not to be identified because the deliberations are confidential.
Disney did not immediately respond to request for comment. A Fox representative declined to comment.
Any potential deal will follow the U.S. Department of Justice's decision last month to sue to block AT&T Inc's $85.4 billion deal to buy Time Warner Inc.
Comcast shares were up 1.5 percent in after-hours trading, while Disney shares were up 0.2 percent and Fox shares fell 1.3 percent.
NFL Network has suspended former New England Patriots fullback Heath Evans and several other former players amid sexual harassment allegations, according to Bloomberg.
Evans, Marshall Faulk and Ike Taylor have all been suspended while the league-owned broadcast conducts an investigation of the allegations in a lawsuit filed against the network by former wardrobe stylist Jami Cantor. The lawsuit also includes allegations about two ex-employees of the network — former executive producer Eric Weinberger and former analyst Donovan McNabb. Weinberger now works for Bill Simmons' website and podcast network The Ringer.
Bloomberg reported no specifics about Evans' interactions with Cantor. There was information on the allegations about the other network employees.
Via Bloomberg:
Related Coverage Target to hire hundreds of workers for new Ala Moana store
It seems just about everywhere you look, businesses are looking for help.
With Hawaii's unemployment rate so low, finding workers can be hard to come by, but the struggle isn't just felt by employers.
Just this weekend, there were three job fairs in Honolulu. We spoke with some job seekers who told KHON2 the need for full-time workers sometimes works against them.
The state Department of Labor said Hawaii's unemployment rate is at 2.7% for the fourth month in row.
Companies like Ward Village, Macy's, and even the state Departments of Health and Human Services recently hosted job fairs.
Target is the latest company seeking help for its Ala Moana location. We're told they've had hundreds of applications.
“Any time, any position, any availability, we are still hiring for anything so you want to work overnight, you want to work during the day, come see us,” store manager Zach Orell said.
The wide variety of employers to choose from is good news for job seekers but Target told KHON2 there's been a trend among many of its applicants.
“I think they're really just open to whatever position we have. You know, one concern for people is their limited availability, if they have another job,” Orell said.
Some applicants I spoke with told KHON2 they've been searching for a second job for some time.
“Living here in Hawaii, a lot of things are expensive so in order to provide for myself and for other people, I have to get a second job,” Chrisyana Martinez said.
“Full-time student, part-time worker so finding extra cash for rent and everything has been difficult,” Jaclyn Ritter said.
Despite the number of jobs out there, applicants told us landing a second position has been tough because many employers want someone who's full-time.
“A applied for a job, got all the way to the end and they didn't hire me because my availability wasn't there, enough availability,” Martinez said.
“I applied for another job a couple months ago and didn't get the job because of my schedule and how it just didn't align with what they were looking for,” Ritter said.
Although full-time is in demand, both Martinez and Ritter were hired on the spot Sunday afternoon.
“I think the community is really excited that we're willing to work around their schedule,” Orell said.
Target's hiring fair continues Monday and it's looking for help in many areas for the new location.
If you're interested in applying you can do so online or in person at the Ala Moana Hotel from 9 a.m. – 6 p.m.
At Wallaroo Labs, where I'm the VP of engineering, we're are building a high-performance, distributed stream processor written in the Pony programming language. Most people haven't heard of Pony, but it has been an excellent choice for Wallaroo, and it might be an excellent choice for your next project, too.
"A programming language is just another tool. It's not about syntax. It's not about expressiveness. It's not about paradigms or models. It's about managing hard problems." —Sylvan Clebsch, creator of Pony
I'm a contributor to the Pony project, but here I'll touch on why Pony is a good choice for applications like Wallaroo and share ways I've used Pony. If you are interested in a more in-depth look at why we use Pony to write Wallaroo, we have a blog post about that.
What is Pony?
You can think of Pony as something like "Rust meets Erlang." Pony sports buzzworthy features. It is:
Type-safe
Memory-safe
Exception-safe
Data-race-free
Deadlock-free
Additionally, it's compiled to efficient native code, and it's developed in the open and available under a two-clause BSD license.
That's a lot of features, but here I'll focus on the few that were key to my company adopting Pony.
Why Pony?
Writing fast, safe, efficient, highly concurrent programs is not easy with most of our existing tools. "Fast, efficient, and highly concurrent" is an achievable goal, but throw in "safe," and things get a lot harder. With Wallaroo, we wanted to accomplish all four, and Pony has made it easy to achieve.
Highly concurrent
Pony makes concurrency easy. Part of the way it does that is by providing an opinionated concurrency story. In Pony, all concurrency happens via the actor model.
The actor model is most famous via the implementations in Erlang and Akka. The actor model has been around since the 1970s, and details vary widely from implementation to implementation. What doesn't vary is that all computation is executed by actors that communicate via asynchronous messaging.
Think of the actor model this way: objects in object-oriented programming are state + synchronous methods and actors are state + asynchronous methods.
When an actor receives a message, it executes a corresponding method. That method might operate on a state that is accessible by only that actor. The actor model allows us to use a mutable state in a concurrency-safe manner. Every actor is single-threaded. Two methods within an actor are never run concurrently. This means that, within a given actor, data updates cannot cause data races or other problems commonly associated with threads and mutable states.
Fast and efficient
Pony actors are scheduled with an efficient work-stealing scheduler. There's a single Pony scheduler per available CPU. The thread-per-core concurrency model is part of Pony's attempt to work in concert with the CPU to operate as efficiently as possible. The Pony runtime attempts to be as CPU-cache friendly as possible. The less your code thrashes the cache, the better it will run. Pony aims to help your code play nice with CPU caches.
Safe
The Pony runtime also features per-actor heaps so that, during garbage collection, there's no "stop the world" garbage collection step. This means your program is always doing at least some work. As a result, Pony programs end up with very consistent performance and predictable latencies.
The Pony type system introduces a novel concept: reference capabilities, which make data safety part of the type system. The type of every variable in Pony includes information about how the data can be shared between actors. The Pony compiler uses the information to verify, at compile time, that your code is data-race- and deadlock-free.
If this sounds a bit like Rust, it's because it is. Pony's reference capabilities and Rust's borrow checker both provide data safety; they just approach it in different ways and have different tradeoffs.
Is Pony right for you?
Deciding whether to use a new programming language for a non-hobby project is hard. You must weigh the appropriateness of the tool against its immaturity compared to other solutions. So, what about Pony and you?
Pony might be the right solution if you have a hard concurrency problem to solve. Concurrent applications are Pony's raison d'être. If you can accomplish what you want in a single-threaded Python script, you probably don't need To Pony. If you have a hard concurrency problem, you should consider Pony and its powerful data-race-free, concurrency-aware type system.
You'll get a compiler that will prevent you from introducing many concurrency-related bugs and a runtime that will give you excellent performance characteristics.
Getting started with Pony
If you're ready to get started with Pony, your first visit should be the Learn section of the Pony website. There you will find directions for installing the Pony compiler and resources for learning the language.
If you like to contribute to the language you are using, we have some beginner-friendly issues waiting for you on GitHub.
Also, I can't wait to start talking with you on our IRC channel and the Pony mailing list.
To learn more about Pony, attend Sean Allen's talk, Pony: How I learned to stop worrying and embrace an unproven technology, at the 20th OSCON, July 16-19, 2018, in Portland, Ore.
WOOD TV8 & WOTV 4 Women are seeking a high energy, creative and organized lifestyle web producer. This unique position requires the ability to multi-task, think big, and identify new ways to produce and share lifestyle content on our digital platforms.
The ideal candidate has proven strong written skill such as scripting, online lifestyle articles, and social media. The lifestyle producer is responsible for maintaining station's lifestyle digital platforms, assisting with growing station campaigns and special local events/partnerships. Organization and strategy is the key to success for this position and requires a seasoned social media pro who is experienced with WordPress, Hootsuite and a fast-paced TV production environment.
This person will be responsible for creating lifestyle client content, maintaining a monthly content calendar and responsible for executing lifestyle special projects. If you're a self-motivated, “ideas” person with a creative flair, this position might be a perfect fit.
For full job description and to apply, please click HERE.
No phone calls please.
Offer of employment contingent upon completion of pre-employment checks.
EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Filmmaker Shoojit Sircar says that he is tied up with Varun Dhawan-starrer October and that reports about him planning to collaborate with superstar Shah Rukh Khan on a film are wrong.According to reports, Shah Rukh and Sircar are keen to collaborate on a film that will be based on the Indian Army.Asked about it, Sircar said: "No. This is wrong news. I am not aware of it at all. I have no clue. I'm just getting into a film with Varun. That's already been announced."He is in the Australian city for the Indian Film Festival of Melbourne where his 2016 production Pink won the Best Film award on Friday. The movie, with a strong social message, has even bagged the National Film Award. But getting recognition in Australia is different for the Madras Cafe director."It's a joy and a proud moment for the team, especially because we have got an acknowledgement from the Australian jury. The film has resonated with them as well. That gives a high. It shows that we are on the right path," he said.Sircar, who has worked with actors like Amitabh Bachchan, John Abraham and Ayushmann Khurrana, is also looking forward to a chat session on actors and acting process at the festival on Sunday."I am going to speak on my films right from the scripting process to execution," he said.Talking about his criteria for choosing actors for his films, Sircar said: "I don't have actors in mind, but definitely I have the characters in mind while writing the script because we are developing the character, then we start working on it...the nuances of the character and then that decides who the actor is going to be. Sometimes, it is also because of the economic pressure.""The kind of films that I make...I try to keep the budgets as low as possible," he added.Still, he manages to strike the right chord with the audience."I am just lucky that they (his films) have all worked. I never thought that my films... like on constipation would work. I thought they were very average stories, but very important. I thought somehow I would just manage. I thank the audience for giving so much of love to my films," said the director, who has helmed successful films like Piku and Vicky Donor.He is set to touch the audience's hearts with his next, which will be a slice of life love story.Sircar, unlike most filmmakers, has never locked horns with the Central Board of Film Certification, whose chief Pahlaj Nihalani has now been replaced by writer, lyricist and adman Prasoon Joshi.Asked about the move, Sircar said: "I think Prasoon Joshi is absolutely eligible. He has been a part of the mainstream film industry. He knows exactly...he himself is a creative person. So, I think he will understand much deeper what we filmmakers want and what people should watch. It's a great move that Prasoon Joshi has come on board."
BERLIN (Reuters) - A mosque in northwest Germany may no longer broadcast its Friday midday call to prayer by loudspeaker for now after a local court upheld a challenge by a couple who live nearly 1 km (1,000 yards) away.
The Gelsenkirchen administrative court found that the town of Oer-Erkenschwick had not assessed the local Muslim community's request properly in 2013, but a court spokesman said on Friday that this did not prevent the mosque making a new application.
The local Christian couple had argued that the call to prayers violated their own religious rights.
Anti-Muslim sentiment and support for anti-immigration policies are growing in many parts of Germany after the influx of well over a million migrants from Iraq, Syria and other mostly Muslim countries, beginning in 2015.
Huseyin Turgut, a senior official with the affected mosque, said the court's decision was disappointing.
“The call to prayer lasts for two minutes, just around 1 p.m., but only on Fridays,” he said. “We've never had any complaints and we have German neighbours who are much closer - just 10 metres away.”
The town's administration could not immediately be reached for comment.
Sanju trailer: Spot Arshad Warsi's cameo in a still from Sanjay Dutt-starrer Munna Bhai MBBS
The trailer of Rajkumar Hirani's upcoming Sanju was released on 30 May. Soon, it went viral with more than 11 million views, making it the top trend on Google's streaming platform YouTube.
Ranbir Kapoor, in the role of Sanjay Dutt, has stunned everyone — with his appearance, voice modulation and mannerisms that starkly resemble Dutt's.
Sanju is one of the most awaited films of the year, owing to the fact that it revolves around one of the most controversial actors of Bollywood and his even more controversial life.
While director Rajkumar Hirani is known for his cinematic sensibilities, his attention to details is spot on. Apart from Ranbir, other actors in the film — Vicky Kaushal, Paresh Rawal, Manisha Koirala, Sonam Kapoor, Anushka Sharma — look equally promising.
In midst of all these stars and the gritty trailer, many seem to have missed one more cameo. At 2.24 min, in the trailer video, Ranbir's Sanjay Dutt is seen along with actor Arshad Warsi in a still from the song 'M Bole Toh' from Hirani's 2003 hit film Munna Bhai MBBS. Although on looking closely, it can be seen that Ranbir has been photoshopped in place of Sanjay Dutt in the song, the tiny clip sure brings back memories.
In an interview with DNA, Warsi had spoken about Sanju and Hirani's filmmaking process. He had said, "Ranbir is brilliant. I have seen him in workshops. I know the script. Raju is a friend so, he tells me about it. I know what lengths these people, Raju has gone to make sure everything is right and the scenes...It is so beautiful, the scenes are so touchy… It is Raju! He works so hard on his films."
In Sanju, Hirani has created a curve of Dutt's life — from his early stardom; drug addiction; involvement with the underworld and then the 1993 Mumbai blasts case.
Sanju is slated to release on 29 June.
Updated Date: May 31, 2018 12:28 PM
MULTAN - The traditional Chand Raat (moon night) festivities were underway when Hazrat Bibi, wife of Qari Abdul Ghafoor, a prayer leader at a mosque in Chowk Sarwar Shaheed, a remote village of Muzaffargarh district, felt labour pains.
Qari, already father of five girls, was highly excited as a recent ultrasound scan disclosed that his wife was expecting quintuplets, out of which three were baby boys and two girls.
But the couple never knew it was the beginning of a long ordeal, which would leave scars on their hearts and minds for the rest of their lives.
Hazrat Bibi gave birth to five premature babies on Eid day, 2nd of September, out of which three have so far lost their lives while two are alive.
“Doctors are responsible for the deaths of my kids. First they denied my wife admission to all public and private hospitals during her highly critical labour condition and then they refused to admit my new-born quintuplets,” blamed Qari while Talking to The Nation.
After having denied treatment and consequently losing three children — Abdullah, Muhammad and Sahra — in Multan, Qari travelled all the way to Toba Tek Singh district along with the remaining two kids — Ahmad and Zahra — to a charity hospital where they were placed in incubators in neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). They are stable now.
Doctors across the world believe the chances of conceiving quintuplets are one in 50 million, making Hazrat Bibi and Qari Abdul Ghafoor a very special couple. But local doctors used quints as a pretext to refuse the family access to healthcare facilities, putting the lives of both mother and children in jeopardy.
A study published in The Lancet Medical Journal last year disclosed that Pakistan is ranked among the top ten countries in the world with the highest infant deaths, mainly because of poor or missing healthcare facilities. Similarly, a United Nations Children's Fund (Unicef) report on state of children in Pakistan 2014 also points out that one in every 14 Pakistani children (7.1%) die before his or her first birthday, and one in every 11 (9.1%) do not survive to his or her fifth birthday.
District government sources revealed that an inquiry on the order of Deputy Commissioner Nadir Chattha is also underway in connection with the babies' deaths and the report is likely to be submitted within a week. “The two-member inquiry committee comprising Malik Muhammad Shafiq, Additional Deputy Commissioner (HQ), and Mubashir Rehman, AC City, is investigating into the matter. “The committee has been tasked with submit a report along with recommendations within seven days,” sources pointed out.
The ill-fated couple went to at least five big public and private hospitals of Muzaffargarh and Multan twice — first on the night before Eidul Azha and then on Eid day — but the woman, who was in severe labour pains, was denied admission. “We went to local hospital in Chowk Sarwar Shaheed, Tayyeb Erdoğan Hospital Muzaffargarh, Nishtar Hospital Multan, CMH Multan and City Hospital Multan but all of them showed us the door, saying no senior doctor was available to handle the case,” said Qari while narrating his ordeal.
He said that eventually he returned home, performed the ritual of Qurbani, as it was Eid day, and again returned to Tayyeb Erdoğan Hospital, but to no avail. “They sent us back again. We went to Muzaffargarh District headquarters Hospital where my wife gave birth to quintuplets in a normal delivery,” he informed.
However, an even tougher part of Qari's trouble begun from the delivery of babies. Each of the quints weighed 1.2 kg and they need immediate care at a neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), which was missing at Muzaffargarh DHQ hospital.
“I kept running from pillar to the post for 36 consecutive hours with my quints, all in a critical condition, to get them admitted to any NICU, but to no avail. Doctors at Nishtar and Children Complex Hospitals flatly refused to admit my kids, saying they did not have any incubators vacant,” he regretted while recalling his ordeal.
“I waited in the lawn of Children Hospital for three hours with all five babies in my lap in critical condition, waiting for doctors' response. They returned with a weird offer, which too they withdrew after an hour, asking me to admit two babies here and take the remaining three to any other hospital,” the dejected father revealed. He said that he also went to a private hospital on Abdali Road, who demanded Rs1.8 million for one month treatment.
In response to the accusations of Qari, the Medical Superintendent of Children Complex Hospital Dr Shahid said that a person namely Hayat Khan contacted DMS of the hospital and asked him to admit five newborn babies of Hazrat Bibi. He claimed there was space for only two children available in the hospital at that time so the man was asked to bring two children but he insisted that all five babies should be admitted altogether. He claimed that the man went away and did not return. “Even we contacted Qari Abdul Ghafoor and asked him to join the inquiry but he refused to participate,” he added. He claimed that there was no proof regarding negligence on part of any staff member of Children Complexes Hospital.
On the other hand, the poor father returned to Chowk Sarwar Shaheed and started treatment of the quintuplets at his home. A local doctor was called who put all the babies on oxygen support. However, the doctor advised the parents to take the babies to hospital as soon as possible.
“After a great deal of efforts, the Nishtar Hospital administration accepted political safarish and admitted my quints to Ward No-19 on September 4. Three of them were put in incubators while two others in nursery,” he recalled, adding that after giving treatment for about 15 hours, the doctors at Nishtar started asking him to take the babies to Children Complex. In the meantime, one baby expired on September 7 and other on 9th, the ones who were in nursery without incubators. “Finally, we were asked to vacate incubator on which we left the hospital and returned home. Another baby expired during this process. I'll never forget callous behaviour of medics,” he lamented.
However, Dr Nadir Bashir, Admn. Registrar of NICU, Nishtar Hospital, contradicted the allegations levelled by Qari Ghafoor and claimed that all the babies were entertained as serious patients, who were discharged on request of their father. In a written statement submitted by him during inquiry, he stated that the babies were admitted with the complaints of prematurity i.e 30 weeks and two babies were seriously ill who, inspite of all efforts, expired. He added that all the babies were examined by Professor, Assistant Professor and senior registrar on daily basis and written advices were available in the chart and progress sheet.
Declaring the deaths of newborns due to unavailability of healthcare facilities a complete failure of health system, Shahid Mahmood Ansari, District coordinator of The Child Rights Committee (CRC), a non-profit body working for kids, said that a comparison of budgetary allocations for metros with the funds for health projects spoke volumes of rulers' priorities. “Women and children are dying due to unavailability of healthcare infrastructure. Children Complex hospital extension project, which is incomplete for about one decade, cancer hospital, kidney centre are the biggest examples of government's disinterest in citizens lives,” he maintained. He noted that the death ratio of newborn babies in South Punjab is much higher than other parts of the country. “It's because of missing maternity and childcare facilities. We strongly condemn government's negligence and demand funds for Children Complex and other incomplete health projects. We also demand a strict action against the doctors responsible for the death of three babies of Qari,” he demanded.
Multan Deputy Commissioner Nadir Chattha, while talking to this reporter, said that he had taken notice of the issue and had initiated an inquiry. “We have sought explanations from the medical superintendents of Nishtar and Children Complex Hospitals. Their response is not satisfactory. So, we have constituted a two-member committee to hold an inquiry and submit its report and recommendations in seven days,” he revealed.
MUHAMMAD IRTAZA
DENVER (AP) Lawyers are expected to make closing arguments Monday in a trial concerning allegations that a former radio host groped Taylor Swift backstage before a concert in Denver, and competing allegations the singer's mother and her radio liaison set out to destroy the DJ's career after the photo op took place.
A federal judge on Friday determined that former DJ David Mueller didn't prove that Swift personally tried to end his career, but identical allegations against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell are expected to go to jurors.
Mueller sued the three after Swift's team reported the 2013 encounter to his bosses. He's seeking up to $3 million, saying the allegation cost him his job.
Swift countersued for a symbolic $1. The jury will also consider her assault claim.
She called the encounter with Mueller despicable.
By Bukola Idowu, Lagos
In about a month from now, secondary and primary schools across Nigeria will resume for another session but with an additional subject that is targeted at ensuring that the young ones who are the future of the country.
This is due to a new curriculum that has been included in the Nigerian educational system through collaboration amongst financial stakeholders, the Central Bank of Nigeria and the Nigeria Educational Research and Development Council (NERDC).
Though there are many educated and literate Nigerians, a high percentage of the population does not have the requisite skills to effectively manage their financial transactions and take advantage of the opportunities presented by the financial products and services to improve their well-being.
Besides, consumers of financial services have also been subjected to unethical practices from financial institutions which could be attributed to their low level of financial literacy arising from their lack of knowledge of their rights and obligations in their relationships with the financial institutions.
A study of financial literacy in Nigeria carried out by the research department of the Nigerian Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC) in December 2012, revealed the existence of considerable gaps in the literacy level of average Nigerian adults, literacy was lowest among single respondents as well as increased literacy with income.
The study also revealed that literacy appeared lowest among students and unemployed, identified literacy gap to be more prominent in the domains of money management and financial exposure and experience as well as possession of educational qualifications influenced financial literacy in all the domains
To address this, the CBN recently in partnership with the NERDC had commenced the training of teachers ahead of the inclusion of financial education in the curriculum of primary and secondary schools in the 2017/2018 session which begins this September.
This is to ensure that financial education is ingrained in students from a young age as part of financial inclusion target of the country. Speaking at a workshop for the development of the teachers' guide in Lagos yesterday, the Executive Secretary of the NERDC, Professor Ismail Junaidu, said the curriculum is essential in entrenching financial education in Nigerians at a young age.
Junaidu who noted that the problem of buffet execution which the country has is due to dearth of financial education said “if you teach them now and they grow up with that culture, they will be able to manage the resources to utilize very well and to explore various avenues of taping the resources.”
On her part, CBN Director, Consumer Protection Department, Hajiya Umman Dutse, noted that lack of consumer sophistication and education was one factor that contributed to the 2008/2009 financial crisis in the country.
This she said had informed the decision by the apex bank, regulators in the financial sector as well as financial institutions to include financial education in the school curriculum. “We developed in conjunction with stakeholders, a curriculum which recognizes school children and youths as a major target group in financial education.
“We are committed to seeing that the financial education curriculum is launched at the beginning of the 2017/2018 academic session. On funding of the next stage of implementation which is training the teachers, she said the financial sector stakeholders are looking at either training at geo-political level or on a state level basis.
Dutse, who did not specify how much, has been pooled for the project said financial institutions as well as regulators who have contributed for the project are still committed to putting in more if required.
“The CBN, financial regulators and all stakeholders are committed to this project so even if there is a shortfall of funding from what we have collected, and there was commitment by all. So if there is need we will go back to the same people to ask for more because we will be justified because they will see the efforts that has been put into this project and what we have come out with.”
She noted that an increased financial literacy will make the job of the consumer protection department of the apex bank easier saying “if the public are sufficiently educated most of these things are going to reduce because you will know what your rights are, you will know what to expect from the deposit money banks. So at the end of the day it is going to bring down the complaints that we receive from the customers once they are financially educated.”
An essential pillar of any consumer protection programme, consumer education through ‘financial literacy,' defined as “the possession of knowledge and skills by individuals to manage financial resources effectively to enhance their economic well-being.”
According to the apex bank, it is only when the majority of Nigerians are financially literate that they can participate in the formal financial system, by becoming aware of and taking advantage of its opportunities, get financially included and thereby contributing to the financial and economic development of Nigeria.
In March this year the CBN had promoted the Financial Literacy Day as part of activities to commemorate the Global Money Week (GMW), exemplified the need to deepen financial literacy and inclusion in the country. The financial literacy day saw most banks adopting schools where they tutor pupils in the act of financial education and how to cultivate the habit of saving.
The GMW is an annual global celebration initiated by Child and Youth Finance International (CYFI). It is aimed at inspiring children and youth to learn about money, saving, gaining employment and becoming entrepreneurs.
In its commemoration the CBN had partnered with Junior Achievement Nigeria (JAN), a member of the world's largest network of organisations dedicated to empowering students on financial literacy, teaching them to Learn, Earn and Save.
The CBN and JAN engaged top executives from 23 commercial banks and financial institutions who visited five schools in their catchment areas, in 12 states of the federation to teach financial literacy reaching out to over 80,000 students. With the new curriculum, the message of financial literacy is expected to reach millions of students across the country.
Like this: Like Loading...
It seems right out of a particularly mean-spirited Groucho Marx routine: A little boy sped through some plastic curtains, knocking them into the face of a pregnant woman eating near the door.
The boy was rushing to collect some chopsticks from his parents, who own the spicy hot pot outlet, local media reported.
The boy's breezy entrance caused the young woman to spill some food. So as the 4-year-old ran back out the door, the woman stuck her foot out to trip him.
The toddler went flying, landing on his belly. Doctors later confirmed he had a concussion.
The episode, which took place last Friday in China's Shaanxi province, was caught on security camera.
And it has quickly made the rounds on the country's social media. The clip has been shared on Weibo at least 67 million times. One comment about the “Bad Mom To Be,” collected from the What's on Weibo website, sums up a common sentiment: “I think this pregnant woman is overreacting. The child is still young and ignorant. You can tell him off, but you can't tackle him. He is carrying chopsticks in his hand – what if you'd really hurt him? You'll be a mother soon, aren't you afraid of your own children being harmed? Your aggression is not good for you baby. You're an adult – shame on you!”
The story has since been covered by several Chinese media outlets.
After the boy told his mother what happened, she pulled the CCTV footage to confirm, then called the police. “At first I thought my boy tripped himself, but later he told me that the woman tripped him, which was confirmed by other customers in the shop,” the boy's mother told the China Youth Daily, according to the South China Morning Post. “I checked the CCTV and was so angry that I called the police.”
The woman later turned herself in and apologized. She offered to pay the boy's medical expenses, and was given a short, suspended police sentence and a $158 fine.
According to local news outlets, the boy's mother has said she is satisfied with the outcome and glad the woman won't go to jail. “We do not wish to affect her,” she told China Youth Daily. “I have children myself. I can understand.”
Report: Floyd Mayweather, Conor McGregor finalize fight for Aug. 26 in Las Vegas
(CBS SPORTS) It's happening.
Undefeated boxer Floyd Mayweather will come out of retirement to battle UFC lightweight champion Conor McGregor in a boxing match on Aug. 26, according to Yahoo Sports' Kevin Iole. The bout will be held in Las Vegas at either the MGM Grand Garden or T-Mobile Arena.
After just under two years of smack talk between the two, Mayweather and McGregor coming to an agreement to finalize this fight is a massive development. McGregor's side has supposedly been done for weeks with UFC president Dana White saying as much in the press. Speculation has the two fighters earning approximately $175 million combined for the bout.
No conformation has been provided at this time from Mayweather Promotions, UFC, Showtime or the fighters.
Mayweather (49-0 boxing, 26 KOs) has not fought since 2015 when he defeated Andre Berto, while McGregor (21-3 UFC, 18 KOs) won the UFC lightweight championship with a second-round knockout of Eddie Alvarez in November 2016.
The mixed martial artist will be competing in his first professional boxing match when he steps into the ring with Mayweather.
Turkey's deal to buy missile defense systems from Russia is not causing problems with NATO, U.S. Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson suggested on Tuesday.
Speaking at a panel, titled "Strengthening US Alliances," in the Atlantic Council, a Washington D.C.-based think tank, Wilson stated that the U.S. has always wanted its allies to buy equipment that will work as a partner with NATO and won't pose a threat to the organization. Instead, she suggested that America's strict export controls could be a reason behind Ankara's decision to purchase from Russia. She said America's strict export policy could be causing issues with its allies. For example, the U.S. will not sell unmanned aerial vehicles due to export controls, so its allies are forced to purchase them from China, which creates a problem.
Turkey signed an agreement with Russia last December to buy S-400 surface-to-air missile batteries as part of Ankara's plans to boost its defense capabilities amid threats from PKK and Daesh terrorists at home and conflicts across its borders in Syria and Iraq.
The move to buy S-400s, which are incompatible with the NATO systems, has unnerved some NATO member countries, which are already wary of Moscow's military presence in the Middle East, prompting NATO officials to warn Turkey of unspecified consequences. Wilson said the U.S. needs to figure out how to a better ally, for example by "building things that are designed to be exportable from the very beginning so that we can all operate out of the same equipment rather than create problems." Wilson said Turkey's purchase presents some operational problems, which the departments of state and defense are discussing with Ankara.
Cebu City Councilor Dave Tumulak is asking motorist to exercise caution when using the South Coastal Road (SCR) to prevent accidents that may result from strong wind blows in the area.
Tumulak, chairman of the council's committee on public order and safety, posted on his Facebook page at about 10 a.m. today that wind velocity at the SCR is between 20 to 30 kilometers per hour (kph), which is enough to bring down a speeding vehicle that would pass by the area.
“To all motorists especially motorcycle (drivers) passing thru SRP, please be careful while driving. Strong gale force winds recorded (at) 20-30 kph as of this time due to (the) Northeast moonson winds.. Please be safe,” said his FB post.
ADVERTISEMENT
In a separate FB post, Tumulak also asked members of the Outdoor Advertising Agencies to temporarily roll down large billboards to avoid damage and possible accidents.
“Public safety is our primary concern,” he said.
Pagasa's 5 a.m. weather forecast says cloudy skies with light rains is to be expected in the Central Visayas area within the day.
“Moderate to strong winds blowing from the northeast will prevail throughout the archipelago with moderate to rough seas,” it added.
London could see a wave of flotations from life sciences, tech and resource firms in the new year as the stock market bounces back after a tough 2016, the chief executive of City broker FinnCap has said.
Market activity - including capital raising, mergers and acquisitions (M&A), and initial public offerings (IPOs) - slowed around the Brexit vote and US elections, but Sam Smith told the Press Association that rising confidence could usher a raft of new public listings.
"There was Misys pulled, there was Pure Gym pulled - everything was looking as if IPOs were off and everything was off. And then suddenly we had Trump getting in, and the market seemed to bounce and that's been it every since.
"People are just cracking on with deals."
FinnCap, known as a leading broker for AIM-listed firms and smaller businesses, is on track to beat last year's record pre-tax profit of £2.8 million, which a few months ago would have been a "very tough act to follow", Ms Smith said.
But while cancelled IPOs are not expected come back online in the short term, there is now a widow for growing life sciences and tech firms to make their stock market debuts following a "slow start" in 2016.
"Life sciences was a bit on hold in the first quarter, and then recently we've seen Creo Medical, Oxford Biodynamics both raising £20 million ... that space seems to be hotting up again," she said.
"In the second half we've seen two interesting growth tech IPOs that went quite well and that was Free Agent, LoopUp and I think there are a couple more which are coming," she said.
Though the consumer space was "roaring ahead" at the start of 2016, with IPOs from the likes of Hotel Chocolat, Joules and Comptoir, the sector has "gone very quiet" is expected to feel pressure in the new year.
Ms Smith said that consumer flotations will be a "niche play" that may only bring success for "premium" range companies.
Meanwhile, rising oil prices on the back of Opec's deal to curb production has put commodity IPOs back on the table.
"The one interest sector to watch out for is the whole resources space, with oil and gas and mining, because there is definite interest in those sectors. It's very early start but it could signal the end of the downwards spiral for those both those sectors for fundraising."
With four months to go until FinnCap closes its annual accounts in April, Ms Smith is feeling fairly confident that market conditions will deliver strong results for the small cap brokerage.
"If you'd have asked me a month ago, I would have said that's a very tough act to follow, and I think our expectations would have been that a flat result would have been a good result given the backdrop of a lot of uncertainty," she said.
"Things have taken a big turnaround."
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Charleston International Airport in South Carolina was evacuated on Friday after a suspicious package was found at the airport, police said.
A report of a suspicious package was made at 5:23 a.m. local time and forced the entire airport to be evacuated as authorities investigated the situation, a dispatcher at the Charleston Police Department said.
“Authorities are investigating a suspicious package in the airport. No other details available at this time,” the airport said on its Twitter account. (Reporting by Brendan O‘Brien, editing by Larry King)
Saif Ali Khan, Padmapriya Janakiraman, Dhanish Karthik, Dinesh Prabhakar, Chandan Roy SanyalRaja Krishna MenonThree years back, writer/director Jon Favreau made a comeback to small-scale filmmaking with Chef after a successful stint in the big-budget studio system. In 2017, director Raja Krishna Menon brings to the Indian viewers, the official remake of the film which was not only applauded for being a warm and smart comedy, but also for its flawless attempt at making us realize the need to value the uncomplicated and crucial things in life.Menon's Chef, an official remake of 2014 Hollywood hit, has Roshan Kalra (Saif Ali Khan) playing a flawed hero whose decision to be a professional chef was ridden with defeats, setbacks and roadblocks. From his inability to convince his father to help him pursue his dream and ultimately running away from home to turning in to a chef to being fired for misconduct - each obstacle represents a different level of challenge for Roshan.And at 41, he's a divorcee who has been living a life away from his son. Even though he has experienced unbelievably difficult circumstances, he manages to make it through them and also finds a way to turn them into something optimistic and constructive.The most interesting aspect about the film is how easily every character looks relatable - especially when they struggle against their own weaknesses, desires and limitations.Saif's character Roshan would strike a chord with the viewers because even when he is met with defeat he doesn't cower or crumble. Setbacks in life don't really stop him, but yes, do slow him down. It is interesting how Saif doesn't let any of the problems impede his progress, but motivate him to achieve a lot more than the set goal.On being fired from a New York-based restaurant, he decides to travel to Kochi to be with his son and, his former-wife, Radha (Padmapriya Janakiraman). His guilt that stems from his inability to be with his son for all these years is the reason why he wants to do just about everything to make this relationship work.Kalra - aware of the significance of being with his son - regrets being ill-tempered (when his son shows him a video of thrashing a customer), but makes sure he comes across as a passionate and nice man at heart, who'd never compromise on offering fine cuisine to his customers.Similarly, Padmapriya Janakiraman as Radha acts on the basis of her values which makes each of her choices meaningful. Her generosity, kindness, selflessness, and rational actions help viewers appreciate her even more. Viewers' resonance stems from how she embodies good woman tendencies.The film's best moments come from this father-son duo's love for food. We realise this real commonality when they explore Kochi and visit Amritsar to gorge on the specialities. It is when they begin to maximize their time together outdoors and spend more time together doing things they both enjoy that their relationship begins to grow.It is their journey to travel, explore, discover things and generally like being together that the viewers will appreciate. Because each of these structured experiences by Menon create opportunities for viewers to grow closer to the duo. Nothing looks forced and complex in Chef, which takes Kalra and family from Kochi to Amritsar to Goa and New Delhi.Even though it works like a comedy, Chef is a film that comes packed with life lessons. From following one's dream to being able to differentiate between need and want, to educating son about being faithful to one's job and offering help in a responsible way - Chef comes across as a meaningful film that isn't preachy.While the film's music by Raghu Dixit and Amaal Malik is interesting and compliments the narrative, the former's brief appearance looks a bit forced.Chandan Roy Sanyal as Nazrul, chef Roshan's loyalist, does justice to his role. But it's sad that Milind Soman doesn't get enough screen space to put forth his acting skills.Agreed, Chef is a feel good film, but it isn't the best food film viewers have watched. It might turn out to be a bit disappointing for the viewers who'd head to theatres to watch Saif whip up delectable dishes. There aren't too many!Rating: 2.5/5
Iran Focus
London, 17 Apr - Iran has plans to strike Saudi Arabia from Yemen, according to a general from the Arab coalition forces fighting in support of the legitimate government in Yemen.
General Ahmed Asiri, the spokesman for Arab Coalition, revealed the shocking news during an exclusive interview with Al Arabiya General Manager Turki Aldakhil, last week.
He said that this Iranian plot intended to “strike the security and stability of Saudi Arabia” and it would have forced Saudi forces to move away from Yemen in order to protect the kingdom.
In Yemen, the Arab Coalition is currently battling Houthi militias (who are being funded and, in some cases, trained by the Iranian Regime) and bolstering the legitimate Yemeni government, since the Houthis took over the capital Sanaa and its surrounding areas in the past few years.
Iran would have used the Houthis to launch the attack from the border between Saudi Arabia and Yemen. The idea being that the border would become unstable and allow Houthi agents to infiltrate Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabia has been attacked with 48 ballistic missiles and 138 rockets since fighting broke out in 2011; all of which are operated, prepared and maintained by Iran, according to Asiri.
He said: "The most dangerous thing is that those in control of these weapons are militias who are non-state actors. When a weapon is used, the state is responsible before international law and the United Nations, but the existence of a militia that is not recognised, in non-controlled areas with high-tech weapons is a very dangerous matter.”
This is how Iran is subverting international law, by using militias to take the fall.
Asiri, who is also an advisor to the Saudi defence minister, said: “[Saudi forces] did not need to wait for Yemen to become another missile base that threatens the security and safety of Saudi Arabia, as the Iranians planned to do.”
However, Saudi Arabia is very wary of civilian casualties, which is why they have not simply taken over the country, despite having the military capacity.
Asiri said: “There are around 100,000 Saudi forces stationed on the border that could have occupied Yemen in a few days, but we wanted to support legitimacy in Yemen with the least possible losses on both sides. We are like a technical team in a hostage situation.”
He noted that the coalition had three goals:
1. preserve the Yemeni state
2. reduce the dangers to Yemeni citizens
3. protect the Saudi borders
He revealed that the coalition was very pleased with its progress and that the government now controls 85% of Yemen. He also revealed that Al-Qaeda had been forced to retreat and that the Saudi border was safer that ever.
President Barack Obama and the first lady shared a bittersweet goodbye — and a few laughs — in their final Christmas video message to the country released Saturday. (Published Sunday, Dec. 25, 2016)
As his time in the Oval Office comes to an end, President Barack on Monday gave the country a preview of the farewell address he will deliver in Chicago on Jan. 10, a mere 10 days before President-elect Donald Trump is to be sworn in.
Obama, in a written statement, explained that the American people have helped him lead during his presidency, a theme he plans to highlight in his speech.
"I'm thinking about [my remarks] as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thought on where we all go from here," he wrote.
The sitting president offered encouragement to his fellow Americans, who he said have hit obstacles since he took office.
Turkey Nightclub Attack Kills 39 on New Year's Eve
Thirty-nine people were killed in an attack when a gunman opened fire on New Year's Eve revelers at a popular Istanbul nightclub on Jan. 1, 2017. Reports said the assailant was dressed in a Santa Claus costume. (Published Sunday, Dec. 1, 2017)
"Since 2009, we've faced our fair share of challenges, and come through them stronger," he said. "That's because we have never let go of a belief that has guided us ever since our founding — our conviction that, together, we can change this country for the better.
The U.S. president's farewell address, Obama noted, is a tradition that dates back to 1796, when George Washington said goodbye to Americans before transferring power to his successor, John Adams.
After the Florence gym floor was flooded by more than an inch of water from a kitchen sink leak, it wasn't hard Friday to find a place to insert a blower underneath the ruined maple floor to try to dry it out.
PanARMENIAN.Net - The European Parliament backed a contested EU-Canada free trade deal on Wednesday, February 15, facing down protests by activists and Donald Trump-inspired calls for protectionism, AFP reports.
MEPs meeting in Strasbourg, France, approved the pact with 408 votes in favour, 254 against and 33 abstentions.
Approval by the parliament allows the provisional implementation of the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement as early as next month.
EU states and Canada formally signed the deal in October after seven years of tough talks, overcoming last-minute resistance from a small Belgian region that blocked its national government from approving the accord.
Protests marked the vote, with about 700 people marching outside parliament to voice their opposition to the deal.
Anti-globalisation activists dressed in surgical masks dramatically blocked entrance to the parliament building, before being dragged off by riot police.
"Saying yes to CETA is a trampling of the people," said a banner.
Following the approval by parliament, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will address MEPs in person on Thursday.
EU leaders see the deal as a victory for an imperilled global trade system that is under threat from US President Donald Trump who opposes international trade deals.
Opponents to the accord, which is known as CETA, slam the deal as a danger to health, democracy and the rule of law.
"CETA is the best trade agreement the EU has ever concluded. It will bring Canada and Europe even closer together," said German MEP Manfred Weber, the head of the conservative EPP group, the parliament's biggest bloc.
When it comes to the final hurrah this summer, New York and Las Vegas are shaping up to be the busiest Labor Day destinations in the US.That's according to the full-service online travel site Expedia, which also found that about a quarter of Americans will be marking the unofficial end of summer with a weekend getaway.Labor Day has become one of the busiest travel periods of the summer, with more air travel in 2016 than other mid-year holiday weekends like Memorial Day and Independence Day.But travellers should not be scared off by the popularity of a destination, say Expedia experts, who point out that while London -- a perennial favorite -- is 35 percent more popular this year, it's also roughly 15 percent less expensive than the year before.Similarly, Las Vegas is twice as popular this year versus last year, but posting 10 percent cheaper rates.It's the same story for Reykjavik which may have seen explosive growth in popularity, but is 25 percent cheaper this month than the same period last year.Travellers looking for a last-minute deal to Paris and Barcelona on Labor Day weekend also stand to save 15 percent.Here are the most popular US destinations for travel this Labor Day:1. New York2. Las Vegas3. Los Angeles4. Orlando5. Chicago6. Seattle7. San Francisco8. Denver9. Dallas10. Atlanta
While the BJP on Monday slammed the Karnataka government for its decision to recommend separate religion status for Lingayats , its state unit chief BS Yeddyurappa seems to be in a dilemma over his take on the issue and said that BJP stands by the all-India Veerashaiva Mahasabha's decision.The BJP, on the other hand, accused Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah of "playing with fire for vote back politics" while Congress has said that Yeddyurappa himself had signed on the demand to accord Lingayats an independent religion status, him being the tallest Lingayat leader in the state.Ending months of speculation, the Siddaramaiah-led Congress government in Karnataka on Monday decided to ask the Centre to recognise the Lingayats as an independent religion and put the ball in BJP's court.After a marathon cabinet meeting and informal discussion with the powerful Lingayat seers, the state government declared that it would send the recommendation to the Centre. The state cabinet has decided to accept the recommendations of the Justice Nagamohan Das Committee which had asked the state to accord a separate religion tag to Lingayats.BJP general secretary in-charge of Karnataka P Muralidhar Rao accused the state's ruling Congress of practising a "divide and rule" policy."Congress carrying 'Divide and Rule' legacy of Britishers in India. Siddaramaiah ji is playing with fire for vote bank politics. Why has Congress done this before elections? Why haven't they done it 4 years back?" he said in a tweet.The Cabinet decision has put the main opposition BJP in a fix as Lingayats are the backbone of the BJP in Karnataka. Its CM candidate BS Yeddyurappa is also a Lingayat and the saffron party in the state is in a dilemma.“Now that the state government has come up with this recommendation, the all India Veerashaiva Mahasabha should immediately call a meeting, discuss the pros and cons of this recommendation and be a guiding light to society. This is my appeal," said Yeddyurappa in his statement.In a significant move, the Congress government in poll-bound Karnataka on Monday decided to recommend to the Centre granting religious minority tag to the numerically strong and politically influential Lingayat and Veerashaiva Lingayat communities.The Cabinet meeting convened to discuss the issue was chaotic, claim insiders. Some argued that it should be called Lingayat religion and the others insisted that it should be called Veerashaiva–Lingayat religion. However, the expert committee had recommended that it should be called only Lingayat religion.Lingayats are the followers of 12th Century social reformer and mystic Basavanna or Basaveshwara. A Brahmin by birth, Basavanna revolted against the Hindu caste system and founded Lingayat religion to create a casteless society.The Veerashaivas are a Shaiva sect and not considered a part of Lingayats. However, they insist that they are also Lingayats and the religion should include them too. But some scholars argue that Veerashaivas are a part of Hinduism and not the followers of Basavanna.
John Boyega is fighting aliens again and this time its in Pacific Rim Uprising. He plays Jake Pentecost, the son of Idris Elba's character in the original. Jake, a once-promising Jaeger pilot teams up with Scott Eastwood as Lambert to take down the monstrous Kaiju.
This movie is faster, brighter and a lot younger than the original, making it easier to follow and a lot more entertaining. I talked to John and Scott about representation in Hollywood, from both sides of the aisle and I asked Scott about his reaction to the public beef by his Fast & Furious cast members. Long story short, his name is Bennett and he's not in it.
Pacific Rim hits theaters everywhere Friday, March 23rd.
Also On Magic 95.9:
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
Canadian Eugenie Bouchard beat American wildcard Allie Kiick 6-2 6-2 to be among a parade of former top 20 players to win their first round qualifying matches at the Miami Open on Monday.
Bouchard, a former Wimbledon finalist who has fallen outside the top 100 in the world rankings since reaching a career-high fifth in 2014, fired seven aces as she dispatched Kiick.
Bouchard, who last month won a slip-and-fall lawsuit against the US Tennis Association over an incident at the 2015 US Open that left her with a concussion, was playing her first match since a first-round loss at Indian Wells two weeks ago.
Yanina Wickmayer, who climbed to a career-high 12th in the rankings shortly after reaching the Miami Open quarter-finals in 2010, also advanced but needed nearly 2-1/2 hours to earn a 6-4 6-7(3) 6-4 win over Australia's Olivia Rogowska.
Andrea Petkovic, a former World No 9, booked her spot in the second round of qualifying when German compatriot Sabine Lisicki retired. Petkovic was leading 4-6 6-3 3-1.
Former French Open runner-up Sara Errani, who was ranked fifth in the world in 2013, fell at the first hurdle after being beaten 6-4 5-7 7-6(2) by Czech Tereza Martincova.
Picture of The Killers performing at LIVE 105 Not So Silent Night 2017 at Oracle Arena in Oakland on December 9, 2017. (Photo: Rob Loud)
On Saturday night, Queens of the Stone Age frontman Josh Homme kicked a photographer's camera during the band's set and caused injuries to the woman's head. Homme has issued several apologies since the incident at The Forum in Los Angeles.
The following night at the same venue, The Killers frontman Brandon Flowers invited a photographer on stage and let him know that he wasn't going to kick him in the face & that at every Killers concert photographers should feel safe & respected.
The photographer in the video is the Rob Loud who is currently on tour with the band.
The band also went on to cover The Smiths' & a Morrissey solo song in the wake of him canceling his headlining set that night.
It's been a roller coaster few years for investors in the oil & gas sector. The collapse of the oil price from over $100 a barrel to a nadir of sub-$25 in early 2016 has been followed by a recovery to over $50 today. Investors who followed Warren Buffett's mantra to be “greedy when others are fearful” have seen some spectacular gains. Even FTSE 100 heavyweight Shell (LSE: RDSB) has shown an impressive turn of foot in emerging from the valley of the shadow of death. Is Shell still good value and set to continue its advance? And whatever the answer…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
It's been a roller coaster few years for investors in the oil & gas sector. The collapse of the oil price from over $100 a barrel to a nadir of sub-$25 in early 2016 has been followed by a recovery to over $50 today.
Investors who followed Warren Buffett's mantra to be “greedy when others are fearful” have seen some spectacular gains. Even FTSE 100 heavyweight Shell (LSE: RDSB) has shown an impressive turn of foot in emerging from the valley of the shadow of death.
Is Shell still good value and set to continue its advance? And whatever the answer to that question, could an under-the-radar 50p stock outperform its blue-chip peer?
Brilliant opportunity
Shell's shares hit a low of 1,278p on 20 January 2016. Anyone buying at that price is sitting on a gain of 84%, with the shares trading at 2,355p as I'm writing. They'll also have received over 250p in dividends, representing a yield of 19.6% in less than two years. You didn't even need to buy at the bottom to enjoy a highly profitable return, as the shares were available at prices below 1,800p for the best part of six months.
But so much for the brilliant opportunity Shell offered in the recent past. What of its valuation and prospects today?
Outlook then and now
Back at the time of the 2016 low, the stock was trading at the bargain-basement level of 10 times forecast 12-month earnings with a prospective dividend yield of 9.6%. The dividend actually turned out to be more generous, due to its sterling value being enhanced by the pound's subsequent weakness against the dollar.
Today, Shell is trading on 16.4 times forecast 12-month earnings and the prospective dividend yield is 6.1%. The earnings multiple suggests to me that the share price is up with events and that it (and the price of oil) may struggle to move significantly higher in the absence of a favourable shift in the oil supply-demand outlook. The dividend yield may still be attractive for income seekers but, on balance, I'd rate the stock a ‘hold' rather than a ‘buy' at this time.
Sound prospect?
When Shell's shares hit their 2016 low, those of Sound Energy (LSE: SOU) were changing hands for 16p. They've eclipsed the FTSE 100 giant's gains with a 225% rise to 52p as I'm writing. Furthermore, with the number of shares in issue having doubled from just over 500m to just over 1bn, the market value of this AIM-listed company has increased 550% from £81m to £526m.
Sound is a very different kettle of fish to Shell. It has negligible revenue, negative earnings, no dividend and an accumulated deficit of £102m. A drilling programme in Italy, which it had been very optimistic about, ultimately proved to be sub-commercial. It's now engaged in a drilling programme in Eastern Morocco, which it's very optimistic about. However, it is rightly cautions: “There can be no guarantee that its current estimates of volumes of gas originally in place will be substantiated by exploration drilling or would actually be available for extraction.”
With little in the way of proven commercial reserves and everything resting on potential, this is not the sort of stock that interests me. Indeed, if I happened to have been gifted shares I'd be inclined to sell them, as the market cap of £526m seems awfully high in the circumstances.
Anna came over at noon to help me feed the ducks (it goes much more smoothly with two people), but we were so busy that I forgot to take pictures of the feeding. I can report, though, that all eight ducklings are in good shape, Honey appears to be putting on weight, and the “curvy” Frank is still being fed, too. They've all had two hearty meals today, and I've ordered more mealworms.
What I can document is the regular behavior of the family after eating: they head for the center of the pond near the tree island, Honey begins to groom herself and submerge her body repeatedly (sometimes flapping her wings vigorously), and the ducklings follow suit. It's ineffably cute. I don't know if they're actually learning how to groom from Mom or it's instinctive, but it's a joy to watch. Here's a bit of it:
Let the ablutions begin!
Meanwhile, the duck ramp I had installed has found a different use. That's not an issue, though, as all the ducklings can come ashore on the bank and can climb on both tree islands to get away from people and predators.
UPDATE: Matthew sent me this tweet with the accompanying words, “It's YOU!” But the video is heartwarming, even if the duck looks like Trump! (Turn on sound.) Is my fate to be “The Duck Man”?
Rescuing a tiny duckling changed this woman's life forever 💛 pic.twitter.com/0hfrWi2aLV — The Dodo (@dodo) May 30, 2018
Multiple collisions on the Alex Fraser Bridge Wednesday morning have brought traffic in the area to a standstill.
Three problems northbound have left traffic gridlocked.
Highway 99 is lined up bumper to bumper from Highway 10.
All feeder routes to the bridge are also clogged.
The Massey Tunnel is also backed up from Highway 17 as an alternate route.
Multiple crashes in/on/around the #AlexFraserBridge this morning making for a miserable commute. Pls slow down & leave room #preventchaos — Cst. Swallow DPD (@CstSwallow) February 15, 2017
Stay tuned to Global News Morning for your traffic updates with Kaitlyn Herbst.
Plans for further cuts to the police force that guards Britain's nuclear arsenal could be "catastrophic", a leading officer will warn.
The Ministry of Defence Police (MDP), which has responsibility for guarding key MoD assets including Trident, is to make the cuts to achieve a £12.5 million saving, a move which will "harm national security", Eamon Keating will say.
Mr Keating, the national chairman of the Defence Police Federation (DPF) - the staff association representing MoD police officers, will say the decision prioritises financial savings over the protection of critical assets such as the nuclear deterrent.
The civilian force, whose officers are all firearms trained, is currently understaffed with around 2,300 officers when it should have around 2,600, according to the DPF.
The force plans to "re-set" its complement strength to below 2,300 officers and abandon recruitment, which Mr Keating will warn means there are fewer armed officers available for deployment in the event of a national incident as part of Operation Temperer - enacted just last month in the wake of the Manchester bombing.
In a keynote speech to the federation's annual conference on Thursday, Mr Keating will say: "After a decade of budget and personnel cuts, it beggars belief the MoD would demand a further £12.5 million from the police force entrusted with guarding Trident.
"And it's simply unacceptable for the MoD Police leadership to find this saving by shifting the goalposts and imposing a real-terms cut in our number of officers.
"We need to be very clear that, at a time of significant threat, this represents a reduction in the country's armed policing capacity and is damaging to public safety and national security.
"This 'reset' is an ill-considered decision that prioritises cost over security, and makes no sense given the financial value of the assets we protect."
The MDP boasted around 2,600 officers a year ago, but the workforce had already been reduced by a third due to budget cuts in 2010.
The federation will also call on the Government to provide further details on plans in the recent Conservative election manifesto for an "Infrastructure Policing Force" to be created through a merger of the MDP, the Civil Nuclear Constabulary and British Transport Police.
The DPF will express concern at the imposition of Home Office fitness standards on the MoD police and demand Government action to change the retirement age of officers currently expected to work into their mid-60s.
Mr Keating will add: "The Government must urgently rethink this catastrophic decision that further undermines police officers hamstrung by fitness tests inappropriate to the job they do, and a pension age different to the Home Office and Armed Forces."
The two-day conference is taking place at Stansted Airport in Essex.
A Ministry of Defence spokesman said: "We are confident that the strength of our force keeps our people, sites and equipment safe.
"It also enables us to play our part in protecting the public, as we did when we supported the armed police response to the tragic events in Manchester last month."
A jury on Tuesday convicted a man in the 2015 slaying of a UCLA student found dead inside her burning apartment — a gruesome stabbing case that led to a fierce rebuke of the police response amid concerns that the killing could have been prevented.
The panel deliberated for about six hours before finding Alberto Medina, 24, guilty of murder, arson, burglary and animal cruelty.
On Sept. 21, 2015, firefighters found the charred body of Andrea DelVesco inside her apartment after responding to the complex a block from campus. The 21-year-old student — an Austin, Texas, native known to her sorority sisters as a “fearless giver” who befriended others with ease — was stabbed at least 19 times, authorities said.
Join me in the last chat until the start of Lions training camp at 3 p.m. on Thursday, June 15. The Lions will wrap up their third and final day of mandatory minicamp on Thursday. Then theyll be off until the start of training camp in late July. Bring your questions and comments. Its always fun.
MOBILE USERS CLICK HERE
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Washington Capitals forward Tom Wilson was once again the topic of a controversial play in the postseason. During Washington's 6-4 loss to the Vegas Golden Knights in Game 1 of the Stanley Cup Final, Wilson was assessed a two-minute interference penalty for his open-ice hit on Jonathan Marchessault.
The play happened early in the third period after Marchessault passed the puck to a teammate. Though it was a big hit, there was no contact to the head. Still, Marchessault was put into the concussion protocol but later returned to the game.
After a lengthy huddle among the officials, it was decided that Wilson would only receive a single minor penalty.
Vegas head coach Gerard Gallant and Marchessault both thought the hit was late, and Gallant thought that it should have resulted in a major penalty. Wilson defended the hit, saying it was a hockey play.
It was announced Tuesday that the NHL's Department of Player Safety would not be reviewing Wilson's hit, so there would be no suspension as a result of the hit.
Capitals Need Wilson for Success
Formerly a bottom-six player and just thought of as an enforcer for the Capitals, Wilson has blossomed into an important and dangerous offensive weapon. He spent much of the past season playing on Washington's top line with Alexander Ovechkin and Evgeny Kuznetsov, and really saw his game come into its own.
Wilson set career-highs this season in goals (14), assists (21), and points (35). He has continued that strong play into the playoffs, racking up four goals and nine assists with a plus-8 rating. He has meshed well with the top line and brings a physicality that helps set the tone of games.
He finished the regular season fourth in hits with 250 and leads that category in the postseason with 79. Linemate Alex Ovechkin is second with 70, making the two a difficult pair to deal with on the top line.
Finishing checks and strong forechecking, paired with his offensive skillset, makes Wilson a very unique player. That blend of talent and ability to play tough are traits that any team in the league would gladly take.
Washington needs Wilson in the lineup. When he's not on the ice, the physicality of the entire team seems to decline. If the Capitals are going to go all the way in the Stanley Cup Final, they need to find a way to keep Wilson disciplined and on the ice, not in the box, or even worse, in street clothes due to a suspension.
Wilson Has a History
Unfortunately for the Caps, Wilson's game comes at a price.
His physical and aggressive style lends itself to a bevy of controversial hits and penalties. His 187 penalty minutes in the regular season were second in the league. That's nearly unheard of for a first-line forward. He's fourth during the postseason with 25 penalty minutes.
Each time Wilson takes a penalty, that's less time that Washington has use of his skills on offense. Also, he is one of the team's top penalty killers, so he's missed greatly when he's in the box.
Aside from just racking up penalties, Wilson now has a reputation as a big hitter who dangerously toes the line between legal and illegal hits.
Wilson was suspended the first four games to start the 2017-18 season after a preseason boarding hit on Sam Blais of the Blues. Prior to that, he missed two preseason games for a hit on Robert Thomas, also of the Blues.
During the current postseason, Wilson has been the center of three different incidents (not counting the hit on Marchessault). In Round 1 versus Columbus, he got called for a charge that was viewed by the Department of Player Safety, but he didn't receive a suspension. In Round 2 against the Penguins, he finished his check on Brian Dumoulin in Game 2 and caught him in the head. Wilson was not penalized nor suspended for the hit.
The most talked-about incident featuring Wilson occurred in Game 3 when he checked Zach Aston-Reese into the shoulder and ultimately in the head. Aston-Reese suffered a broken jaw as a result of the hit. Wilson received a three-game suspension.
One has to think that if Wilson were to commit another questionable hit this postseason that the league would certainly take a long look at it. The Caps can't afford to lose Wilson for the remaining games against the Golden Knights, so he's going to have to be smarter about how and when he lays his punishing hits.
And so, we arrive at the game. Well, not all of us. Super Bowl week is an exhausting thing to endure in person even when you are not trapped in the Mall of America in Minnesota for a week in the winter, and this correspondent felt if he was going to be put in a situation that could be so stressful and desperate that he might contemplate eating another sports reporter, he would prefer that happen at the Winter Olympics in South Korea, rather than in front of an Orange Julius. Cannibalism, as a rule, is less noticeable in a completely different time zone. But hey, a Super Bowl week in a mall, finally. Two American traditions, only one of which is definitely dying. Speaking of traditions, it's the New England Patriots at the Super Bowl! This is No. 8 since 2002, or every second year or so, just like the Olympics! This year's Patriots have been slightly tweaked from last season: this time Rob Gronkowski is trying to come back from a concussion, rather than out of the game entirely. Also, this year's Patriots played Marcus Mariota and Blake Bortles en route to the Super Bowl, rather than Brock Osweiler and Ben Roethlisberger. Strangely, this year was the tougher road. But we are running out of things to say about the Patriots, so it's been a slow Super Bowl week. There was the Philly columnist who wrote maybe it was no coincidence they employed a murderer in Aaron Hernandez. There was something about Brady getting mad at the Boston radio station he appears on, because he has apparently never listened to Boston sports radio. Apparently, Brady's 11-year-old son also kissed his dad on the lips one time? Which is OK! There was . . . well, the most high-profile concussion talk all week that didn't include Gronkowski came when halftime act Justin Timberlake said of his 3-year-old son, “Uh, he will never play football. No, no.”
Article Continued Below
Oh, and Roger Goodell continued to refine his audio delivery system, speaking to the media as blandly as possible on a Wednesday afternoon away from the media centre in order to maximize his minimization. He used to do this on Fridays, and it was a showcase thing: now Goodell is all but hidden in the middle of the week, like NFL Play 60 Kids Day at Super Bowl Experience. Maybe it's working. He's no longer saying that while football is dangerous, sitting on your couch can also be dangerous. Big improvement there. So, to the point: Can the game be great? The Patriots have a long history of great Super Bowls, and the Seattle and Atlanta versions were two of the best football games you'll ever see. For all their looming historic greatness, all the games are coin-flip jobs; the first three wins by three points each, the losses to the Giants by three and four points, the comeback against Seattle for a four-point win, and coming back from 28-3 down to beat Atlanta in overtime. It's always close. And this game should be close! The Eagles have a defence and skill players and a creative coach in Doug Pederson. The Eagles are really good.
And it's still probably going to come down to Nick Foles, Hope of America. He is a 29-year-old with 42 career starts who considered quitting a couple years ago, and came back because he prayed to God, and he would not matter if Philly's MVP-level starter, Carson Wentz, had not blown out his knee in week 14. Which, well. Foles looked awful this season until the NFC championship game, where he ripped apart one of the two best defences in football. The Eagles were already up 24-7 on Minnesota, which held opposing passers to a 73.0 rating this year, when the Eagles decided to run a flea flicker, and Foles gunned a perfect 41-yarder to Torrey Smith. It was a pure kill shot, the kind of thing Brady would have done back when he had Randy Moss to throw to. But nobody other than Philly is willing to bet on him to do it again. Not against Bill Belichick's detailed planning, against the Patriots' in-game adjustments, against the spectre of Brady with the ball and two minutes left. The Patriots have won so many times, tied and set the record for comebacks in a Super Bowl — back from down 10 points against Seattle, and 25 against Atlanta — that they now feel inevitable, because they so often are. And the man who needs to stand in the way threw a completion off a defender's knee in triple coverage two games ago. This is what we've come to, after an NFL season of tumult and politics and injuries and righteous protest. America needs Nick Foles if it wants to see the Patriots lose. The NFL stunk this year, and this is what we get. Last week this space went 2-0. Undefeated! As always, all lines could change. THE PICK Philadelphia (+4.5) at New England Jacksonville punched the Patriots in the face, but in the end they played too safe on defence with a lead, and couldn't score enough points once Bortles had to make the plays. Foles is better than Bortles, until he's not. And even if the Eagles put pressure on New England, that's where they take your heart and spread it over avocado toast. PICK: New England 26-23. Basically, everyone thinks this. Sigh. LAST WEEK: 2-0 Season: 112-146-8
Read more about:
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) — If you didn't get a good night's sleep, you may be a little groggy.
A new study reveals a simple change in your bedroom could provide a big benefit. That change involves lights.
You can see the difference in the these two lamps:
On the left is a lamp with a normal fluorescent bulb. It's bluish. On the right, you can see the special LED night bulb.
Researchers claim that replacing regular light bulbs with the special bulb that emits less blue light could get you to fall asleep faster.
The LED bulb can selectively reduce the blue light, and ultimately boost your melatonin.
The bulbs can reduce your alertness and help you get sleepy.
Michael Breus is a clinical psychologist and specialist in sleep medicine.
He says the Good Night light bulb runs for about 25 dollars.
“It's available on Amazon, and in my studies, I found other things besides light bulbs that can help with this blue light exposure at night,” Breus said.
There's a computer program called “Flux.”
You may also want to experiment with apps on your phone to change the color setting. Apple has a new “night shift” option you can use.
Are you licensed to carry a handgun?
Choices Yes No No longer Plan to be
Rescue teams in northern Thailand were giving crash courses in swimming and diving on Wednesday as part of complex preparations to extract a young soccer team trapped in a cave, and hoping for a swift end to their harrowing 11-day ordeal.Divers, medics, counsellors and Thai navy SEALS were with the 12 schoolboys and a 25-year-old assistant coach, providing medicines and food while experts assessed conditions for getting them out safely, a task the government said would not be easy."The water is very strong and space is narrow. Extracting the children takes a lot of people," Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters."Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive," he said, adding that if water levels fell and the flow weakened, they would be taken out quickly.The SEALS posted photographs on Facebook showing their members working in chest-deep water in the cave, adding that it was pumping water as "fast as possible" as it prepares to bring out the stranded group.About 120 million litres of water had been pumped out by late on Tuesday, or about 1.6 million every hour.It was unclear what the options were to get the "Wild Boar" team out of the Tham Luang caves in Chiang Rai province and how they would be steered through tight, fluid conditions and uncertain weather.Boys from the under-16 soccer team trapped inside Tham Luang cave receive treatment from a medic in Chiang Rai, Thailand, in this still image taken from a July 3, 2018 video by Thai Navy Seal. (Photo: Thai Navy Seal/Handout via REUTERS)Experts say divers have required three hours to reach the boys, located about 4 km (2.5 miles) from the mouth of the cave.A video released by the SEALS showed two rescuers seated on an elevated part of the cave beside boys wrapped in emergency foil blankets who appeared to be in good spirits, occasionally laughing.A torch is shone on each boy, who says hello and introduces himself with head bowed and palms pressed together in a traditional "wai" greeting.One wears what appears to be the red jersey of the England soccer team in Tuesday's World Cup second-round victory over Colombia. Another wears the blue shirt of English team Chelsea.The group was discovered by the SEALS and two British cave diving experts on Monday, having been incommunicado since June 23, when a post-practice outing went awry, prompting the high-profile search and rescue effort.The multinational operation has included divers from the Australian Federal Police, U.S. military personnel, British cave experts and teams from China, Japan, Laos and Myanmar.The Thai army has sent in 31 divers to support the navy's SEALS, a spokesman said.News that the team had survived sparked relief, celebrations and an outpouring of praise in a country transfixed by the drama and its almost blanket media coverage.Chiang Rai Governor Narongsak Osottanakorn said the authorities were keen to get the boys out and suggested that might have to happen in phases."All 13 don't have to come out at the same time," he told reporters. "Who is ready first can go first."Officials have dismissed as speculation reports that the boys could be trapped for up to four months, although supplies have been prepared for that period of time.There was much work to be done in preparing the boys for what could be a demanding task, and rescue teams should not be pressured to act faster, said a deputy government spokesman,Weerachon Sukondhapatipak, who was at the cave on Wednesday."Some of them can't swim, so therefore it will take time for them to adjust," he said."Officials would teach them how to move, how to dive, how to move their body under those circumstances."Somboon Sompiangjai, 38, said his son Peerapat, 16, was able to swim, adding that he was confident the SEALS' experience and professionalism would help get the boys home safely."I am not worried if the kids have to swim and dive," he told Reuters."I felt much better after seeing the clips with the children in good spirits, even though they were in there for 10 days."
New Delhi: As many as 253 (14 percent) candidates in the fray in Gujarat Assembly elections have declared criminal cases against them, with three candidates facing charges related to murder, 17 related to attempt to murder, and four related to rape, an ADR-Gujarat Election Watch report said on Monday.
The non-profit Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR), along with Gujarat Election Watch, has prepared the report by analysing information furnished by 1,815 of the 1,828 candidates.
In the 2012 Gujarat elections, out of 1,283 candidates analysed, 222 (17 percent) had criminal cases declared against them, the report said.
"As many as 154 (8 percent) candidates have declared serious criminal cases, including ones related to murder, attempt to murder, kidnapping, and crimes against women. In the 2012 assembly elections in Gujarat, 92 (7 percent) candidates had declared serious criminal cases against themselves," it said.
It said that seven candidates have declared cases related to kidnapping.
Among the major parties, 46 (25 percent) out of 181 candidates are from the Bharatiya Janta Party (BJP), while 56 (32 percent) out of 176 candidates are from Congress, 17 (12 percent) out of 138 candidates are from Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), 9 (16 percent) are out of 57 candidates from Nationalist Congress Party, 4 (14 percent) out of 28 candidates from Aam Aadmi Party, and 65 (8 percent) out of 791 Independent candidates analysed have declared criminal cases against themselves in their affidavits.
Out of the 1,815 candidates, 418 (23 percent) are multi-millionaires, and among the major parties, 147 (81 percent) out of 181 candidates are from BJP, 129 (73 percent) out of 176 candidates from Congress, 5 (4 percent) out of 138 candidates from BSP, and 11 (39 percent) out of 28 candidates from AAP, the report said.
Bogus workmen dug up a Leeds victim's garden to create a small driveway, despite not having her authorisation.
The men did some work at the house and left without payment but returned soon after and dumped a skip full of soil and rubble on the drive, causing damage and blocking the path.
Another case involved an elderly female victim, who received a call at her door from three men asking if she would like some garden work done.
A West Yorkshire Police spokesman said: "The occupant agreed for trees to be cut and rubbish removed. A price for work to be done was agreed and the males asked for the money on competition.
"One of the males drove the occupant to the cash machine to withdraw money. Once paid, the occupant was dropped at her home address.
"She found they had dumped rubbish to the side of her garden prior to leaving."
Details of the two cases were shared as the force warned residents to be vigilant and to refuse workmen on the doorstep who offer to make repairs.
It said there had been a small number of bogus workmen targeting vulnerable people in west Leeds in recent weeks.
The spokesman advised residents to use reputable companies only and to get at least three quotes for the work.
Any suspicious incidents can be reported to police via the 101 non-emergency number or online here.
MIAMI (AP) — The brother of the teen charged with killing 17 people at a Florida school was arrested Monday afternoon for trespassing at the same school, authorities said.
Zachary Cruz, 18, was arrested at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School and charged with trespassing on school grounds, a Broward Sheriff's Office report said.
The teen was recorded by security cameras riding his skateboard at the school around 4:30 p.m. though he had received prior warnings from school officials to stay away from the campus, the report said.
Zachary Cruz told the arresting deputy that he was there to “reflect on the school shooting and to soak it in,” according to the report. It added that the teen had “surpassed all locked doors and gates and proceeded to ride his skateboard through school grounds.”
The youth's brother, 19-year-old Nikolas Cruz, has been charged with 17 counts of first-degree murder in connection with the Feb. 14 shooting.
The Associated Press reported Sunday that documents show some officials recommended in September 2016 that Nikolas Cruz be involuntarily committed for a mental evaluation, though the recommendation was never acted upon. Such a commitment would have made it more difficult, if not impossible, for Cruz to have legally obtained a gun such as the AR-15 assault-style rifle used in the shooting.
Jail records didn't immediately list an attorney for Zachary Cruz.
1:47
Obama gave this man a second chance, here's how it's going
1:44
How destructive is the ‘Mother of All Bombs'?
0:08
Those familiar with Dylan's music might recall that he winkingly attributed fabricated quotes to Abraham Lincoln in his “Talkin' World War III Blues.” So Dylan making up an imaginary quote is nothing new. However, I soon discovered that the Moby-Dick line Dylan dreamed up last week seems to be cobbled together out of phrases on the website SparkNotes, the online equivalent of CliffsNotes.
KIEV - A raucous Ukrainian parliament on Friday extended by another year the self-rule of its two Russian-backed insurgent regions in a vote the Kremlin called "important".
The decision was also supported by Kiev's Western partners but bitterly opposed by hardcore Ukrainian nationalists who set off flares outside the chamber during a feisty debate held Thursday.
Deputies voted Friday by a 229 to 57 margin to extend "local self-government in individual districts of the Donetsk and Lugansk regions" once all Russian troops and arms are withdrawn from Ukraine's war-scarred east.
The measure is required because the initial three-year period of partial autonomy set in a moribund 2014 peace deal expires on October 18.
The legislation strikes at the heart of an intractable Ukrainian problem: putting an end to one of Europe's deadliest modern wars and reunifying the country while getting Russia to admit it is behind fighting in which more than 10,000 have died. The pro-EU leaders who rose to power after a February 2014 revolution toppled a Kremlin-backed regime view the bloodshed as an effort by Russian President Vladimir Putin to continue exerting control over Kiev. The Kremlin denies any involvement despite overwhelming eyewitness evidence of its tanks and troops crossing the Russian-Ukrainian border into the warzone since fighting broke out in April 2014.
The local self-government rule never technically went into effect in Lugansk and Donetsk. Both Western states and OSCE monitors back Kiev's assertion that thousands of Russia's troops and its weapons are still in the conflict zone.
But the provision is demanded by Moscow and viewed by some Western diplomats as a way of keeping alive sputtering peace negotiations periodically held in the Belarussian capital Minsk.
One of Ukraine's top representatives to the Minsk talks pleaded with deputies to adopt the bill in an emotional address that came in the heat of a passionate parliamentary session full of pushing and shoving.
"We cannot free our occupied territories only through military means," Iryna Gerashchenko said while about 100 nationalists rallied outside the building. "We have to unite the diplomatic tracks with the military ones," she said. "So our goal is to create this synergy - to beef up our military and beef up our diplomacy," Gerashchenko said.
The US envoy to the Ukrainian negotiations said the vote "shows Ukraine (is) taking tough steps for peace." "Hope Russia now acts to make peace - time to end conflict," Kurt Volker tweeted.
And a European diplomatic source in Kiev told AFP that parliament's failure to adopt the self-rule extension would have opened up the "risk that Russia will abandon the negotiations and that Ukraine will be held responsible".
Russia's initial response was cautious but seemingly welcoming. "This is a very important bill," Putin's spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters in Moscow.
"Of course, the expiration of the old law (without a replacement) would have sparked everyone's concern," said Peskov.
The Donetsk representative to the peace talks also toned down his usual vitriolic attacks on Kiev after the self-rule legislation was passed.
"Ukraine was forced to extend this special status law because Russia, Germany and the United States demanded it," Denis Pushylin said in a statement issued on one of the insurgents' websites.
Partial autonomy would allow the Russian-backed regions to set up their own police forces and even court systems.
Lawmakers also gave initial backing to legislation proclaiming the war a Russian "occupation" in which Moscow finances the fighters and supports "terrorist activity". The 233 to 32 decision comes close to enacting into law what Kiev has been arguing repeatedly for years.
How The Times' top 25 high school football teams fared this week:
Rk. School (W-L) Result | Next game
1. MATER DEI (6-0) def. Santa Margarita, 70-35 | vs. St. John Bosco (at El Camino College), Friday
2. ST. JOHN BOSCO (5-1) def. Orange Lutheran, 42-21 | vs. Mater Dei (at El Camino College), Friday
3. CORONA CENTENNIAL (4-1) def. Eastvale Roosevelt, 72-33 | vs. Corona Santiago, Friday
4. MISSION VIEJO (7-0) def. Tesoro, 42-6 | at San Juan Hills, Friday
5. RANCHO CUCAMONGA (5-1) lost to Upland, 30-23 | at Los Osos, Friday
6. CHAMINADE (5-1) Did not play | at Loyola, Friday
7. JSERRA (6-0) def. Servite, 52-36 | vs. Orange Lutheran (at Orange Coast College), Friday
8. SERVITE (5-1) lost to JSerra, 52-36 | vs. Santa Margarita (at Cerritos College), Friday
9. UPLAND (6-0) def. Rancho Cucamonga, 30-23 | vs. Damien, Friday
10. LONG BEACH POLY (5-1) def. Long Beach Cabrillo, 49-0 | at Compton, Friday
11. ORANGE LUTHERAN (5-1) lost to St. John Bosco, 42-21 | vs. JSerra (at Orange Coast College), Friday
12. CALABASAS (6-0) def. Westlake, 52-14 | vs. Sierra Canyon, Friday
13. SAN CLEMENTE (6-0) Did not play | vs. Tesoro, Friday
14. SANTA MARGARITA (4-2) | lost to Mater Dei, 70-35 vs. Servite (at Cerritos College), Friday
15. EASTVALE ROOSEVELT (4-2) | lost to Corona Centennial, 72-33 at Corona, Friday
16. VALENCIA (5-1) def. Hart , 42-14 | vs. Golden Valley, Friday
17. NARBONNE (3-3) def. Carson, 48-13 | vs. Wilmington Banning, Friday
18. PARACLETE (6-1) def. Vasquez, 61-6 (Thur.) | vs. Viewpoint (at Antelope Valley College), Friday
19. HERITAGE (5-1) def. Lakeside, 60-7 | at Elsinore, Friday
20. CHARTER OAK (6-0) def. Diamond Ranch, 14-7 | at Los Altos, Friday
21. GARDENA SERRA (3-3) def. Loyola, 13-10 | at Sherman Oaks Notre Dame, Friday
22. EDISON (4-2) def Huntington Beach, 63-0 (Thur.) | at Newport Harbor, Friday
23. OAKS CHRISTIAN (5-2) def. Newbury Park, 48-0 | at Camarillo, Oct. 20
24. BISHOP AMAT (2-5) def. SO Notre Dame, 31-17 | vs. Crespi, Friday
25. LA HABRA (4-2) def. Sunny Hills, 42-3 | vs. Troy, Friday
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Dear J.T. & Dale: Our department goes out bowling once a month. Our boss picks up the bill. However, I heard the boss make a comment that these events are getting expensive and his wife isn't happy about it. I told the team, and they said it's his fault for not getting the company to pay for it. I think that's wrong, but I certainly can't afford to pay for everyone. What's the right way to handle this?
— KELSEY
DALE: You know, Kelsey, there are some battles you just don't need to fight. Let this play itself out.
J.T.: Or, you could pull your boss aside before the next event and say: “I know you are paying for this by yourself, and I don't think you should. Here is some money to cover the cost of my participation. I'd like to contribute, going forward.” Doing this one-on-one lets you not cause issues with your co-workers.
DALE: However, if he agrees to take the money, now you have the awkwardness of secretly slipping the guy some cash every week. So, if you must intervene, you could instead go to the boss and offer to “pass the hat” on bowling nights.
Dear J.T. & Dale: I was working in a nursing home where I saw unprofessional treatment of patients. I started to address it in writing, but unfortunately I went directly to the person doing the wrong practice. She went to her boss and invented untrue stories about me, then said she'd leave the job if I stayed. I was asked to leave the building, and I refused. They fired me for insubordination. Could you help me figure out how to explain this termination? Should I say that when I explained everything to the unemployment office, they decided to pay my benefits?
— TALIA
J.T.: It's important you not only share what happened, but you also take some responsibility for it. Looking back, you realize that addressing the issue with the person didn't work. In an interview, you'll want to explain how you would now handle the situation differently. Hopefully, they'll hear the sincerity in your voice and give you a second chance.
DALE: I'm on your side here, Talia, but you have to put yourself in the place of hiring managers. They have no way of knowing if your tale of woe is accurate; all they hear is the woe. And it sounds bad: You alienated a senior employee, defied management and ended up reporting it to a government agency. They'll see as many red flags as are in a Beijing parade. So, go minimalist. Just say: “I saw some unprofessional behavior and said something to the nurse involved. She got offended and made it a her-or-me situation. I realize now that I should have handled it better.”
JEANINE “J.T.” TANNER O'DONNELL is a professional development specialist and the founder of the consulting firm jtodonnell. DALE DAUTEN resolves employment and other business disputes as a mediator with AgreementHouse.com. Visit them at jtanddale.com, where you can send questions via email, or write to them in care of King Features Syndicate, 628 Virginia Drive, Orlando, FL 32803.
By Peter Bodley
Contributing Writer
The Anoka-Hennepin Narcotics and Violent Crimes Task Force continues to grow.
The Anoka County Board Sept. 26 approved a joint and cooperative agreement to add the city of Rogers to the task force, which is administered by the Anoka County Sheriff's Office, effective Sept. 1.
Rogers joins the Sheriff's Office and the cities of Anoka, Blaine, Champlin, Columbia Heights, Coon Rapids, Fridley, Maple Grove and Ramsey as task force members.
In fact, Rogers is the second newcomer to the task force this year, Ramsey having coming on board in February.
Lt. Wayne Heath of the Sheriff's Office Criminal Investigation Division is commander of the task force. He can't recall when two cities have joined the task force in one year, Heath said.
“This will give us more resources,” he said.
According to Heath, Rogers has been experiencing issues with narcotics use and to be pro-active, the police chief has shifted some resources to free up an officer for the task force.
The task force comprises two team leaders, a sheriff's office CID investigator plus a sergeant from the Blaine Police Department, Heath said.
The sheriff's office has assigned two other investigators to the task force, so has the Coon Rapids Police Department and Blaine has an additional officer besides the sergeant, while the other agencies have each assigned one officer, he said.
The Coon Rapids police Department has assigned two officers to the task force, while Blaine has a second officer, while the other member departments have one each, he said.
Funding for the task force comes from a Minnesota Department of Public Safety grant. “We received $235,000 for 2017,” Heath said. “We don't know the 2018 amount yet.”
The state dollars pay the overtime costs of the task force investigator, while the regular salary and benefits are covered by each investigator's home agency, according to Heath.
While the task force focuses on drug cases in its member cities and Anoka County, investigations sometimes take it into other cities and counties and involve multiple agencies, Heath said.
“The number of cases remains constant, but we are dealing with more and more methamphetamine crimes,” he said.
There is a lot of talk about heroin and it is a “horrible problem,” but methamphetamine is the No. 1 drug seen by the task force at this time, according to Heath.
The price of the drug has gone down and a lot of the methamphetamine found in the Twin Cities is coming from the cartels in Mexico, Heath said.
The drug task force, which was formed in 1986, is headquartered at the Anoka County Sheriff's Office.
Stopping short of conceding that there is a widespread problem at the Sheriff's Operations Center absent further proof, the Flagler County administration this afternoon responded to Sheriff Rick Staly's letter from the day before regarding concerns of a sick building and an increasing number of affected employees. But the relatively brief statement did little more than say: We'll get back to you.
The statement, written with a hint of pique at the sheriff's approach, says the county had been working on the issue with the sheriff, and that its efforts were progressing before the sheriff issued his letter. The county says it was at its recommendation that the sheriff got referred to an independent physician who could analyze the issue, while the county itself in mid-May had decided to hire an environmental expert of its own, with whom it will now schedule a workshop with the county commission. The sheriff will be invited to that workshop.
“We are as concerned as the Sheriff about the health and well-being of everyone who works in the Sheriff's Operation Center, as well as any other Flagler County facility,” the county states. “Flagler County takes seriously any, and all, potentially harmful conditions at the Sheriff's Operation Center and has done so from the time of the acquisition of the former hospital to the present.”
Nevertheless it was not County Administrator Craig Coffey who issued the statement, which was unsigned, but Julie Murphy, the county's chief spokesperson–a breach in protocol that, while likely more clumsy than intentional on Coffey's part, could be perceived as lacking respect for one of the county's chief elected officials. (An elected official's letter is not usually answered by the public information office.) On the other hand, the statement was presented as a place-holder: Coffey gave the five-page letter he received to Murphy today and asked her to formulate a response that sums up what the county had been working on. Coffey himself was preparing to take leave of the county for two days to attend the annual conference of the Florida County and City Managers Association, which started in Orlando today. Because of that, “A formal response to the Sheriff's letter will be forthcoming sometime next week,” the statement concluded.
But the approach lacks the sort of urgency the sheriff and his employees have been asking for and may underscore the sheriff's claim: that the county has not been on the ball. On top of that, the sheriff received the statement at 5:51 p.m., according to the email's time-stamp, 40 minutes after it was received by local media.
Chief Mark Strobridge, who's been the sheriff's point man on the building matter, did not see much of substance in the statement other than that further testing at the operations center will be conducted in June.
In essence, the sheriff and the county are taking up positions, each side protecting its own by mildly, not bluntly, pointing fingers the other way while trying to project a committed response for employees' sake. If the two agencies' approach reflects a measure of posturing, both agencies are still attempting to preserve workable communication lines since in the end the sheriff is in this case almost entirely dependent on the county: the sheriff by law is a tenant and the county is the landlord, or at least the facilities manager, responsible for all facility-related issues. Any solution to the problem would have to be enacted by the county, at the county's expense.
Meanwhile uncertainty about the breadth of the problem is dictating both sides' approaches. On Tuesday, the sheriff spoke openly of the possibility–however remote–that the building may not be salvageable, and requested from the county that an alternate space be made available for affected employees, thus raising the stakes considerably.
“Flagler County has started exploring options to accommodate the sheriff's request for alternative office space,” the county's statement said at the end of its two pages today.
Staly issued two letters Tuesday: one to his staff, one to Coffey. The letters point to a turn-around in the sheriff's handling of the potential of a sick-building syndrome. His administration had been guardedly skeptical about a widespread problem when three or four employees reported health problems last fall. The employees were assigned out of the building, though when some of them returned problems re-emerged, and more than two dozen employees subsequently reported health issues this spring, particularly in the last few weeks–coincident with the rainiest May since 2009, according to Bob Pickering, Flagler Emergency Management's weather specialist. And that was before today's deluge. (Mold and moisture in the building is believed to be a chief culprit of the problem.) The administration then pledged to employees that it would do what was necessary to ensure their safety while pressuring the county to act.
The sheriff's letter suggested the county had been dragging its feet. The county disagrees. “It has been communicated to the Sheriff on many occasions that if there is a problem, we want to identify it and do what is necessary to correct the matter,” the statement says.
Strobridge doesn't disagree with the statement, but doesn't see the statement as reflecting current anxieties. “Take politics out of it, take everything else out of it, it is about people feeling safe coming to work, and he knows they do not,” Strobridge said of Staly.
The county's statement summarizes the various steps the county took last year–at a cost of $29,000, not the $65,000 figure the sheriff listed in his letter, Murphy specified in the letter and in an interview, but it had not actually been a mistake by the sheriff: “apparently the county gave the 65K number in casual conversation without the benefit of research/confirmation,” Murphy later clarified in an email.
“As a second round of precautionary measures,” the county's statement continued, “the County engaged an environmental engineer earlier this month out of an abundance of caution to address new issued raised by employees at the Sheriff's Operation Center. This was done working with the Sheriff's Office more than a week before he chose to issue a letter.”
Staly in his letter said the engineer was hired at his insistence and that of County Commission Chairman Greg Hansen. “I have been in conversations with the county manager and I have said we have to support the sheriff,” Hansen said this afternoon. “I have told him that time and time and time again,” noting that he's been pushing for the engineer for three months. “In my view he was hanging out to dry,” Hansen said of Staly.
The county today held a kick-off meeting with Zdenek Hejzlar, a senior managing consultant with ESi, or Engineering Systems Inc, with more than 27 years of experience in premises and occupational safety and various aspects of the environmental and toxic health fields, the county states. “Hejzlar will perform a broader and more scientific scope of analysis to address the evolving set of concerns raised” and will meet with commissioners in a workshop “sooner rather than later,” Murphy said.
Sheriff's employees affected by the building would not be part of the workshop, Murphy said, “but if they wanted to ask questions they'd get their three minutes like everybody else.” The workshop is intended to be educational about plans moving forward.
None of those arrangements had been discussed with commissioners previously, and at least the workshop, if not Wednesday's meeting with Hejzlar, appear to be in direct response to the sheriff's letter.
“Despite whatever everybody else has been saying about it,” Strobridge said, “the sheriff has been working on this for quite some time and feels like there has not been quite enough fast movement.”
Foodgod has spoken! A Miami restaurant went to foodgod (formerly known as Jonathan Cheban) on bended knee and prayed for divine wisdom about what to serve for dessert. And lo, he did say unto them: “Baked Alaska.”
David Grutman's Komodo has added “Foodgod Baked Alaska Surprise” to its menu for $18. The curious confection features cake-batter ice cream and strawberry ice cream on top of funfetti cake, covered in merengue and “plated on a bed of cotton candy.” We're told, “all of this is topped with white chocolate, Rice Krispies and Fruity Pebbles!” It's then “lit on fire.” Probably for the best.
“Pose,” like its own unsung heroes, is revolutionary.
FX's new drama devotes the kind of attention (and budget) that typically goes to conflicted straight male antiheros to the glittering grunge of New York City's ballroom scene circa 1987. It centers LGBTQ communities whose ambitions are so much bigger than the infinitesimal spaces society affords them. It weaves stories of triumph and steel will with the creeping terror of the AIDS epidemic that constantly reminded everyone that this one wild night could very well be their last. Its stars are lost queer teens, hopeless romantic sex workers, defiant trans matriarchs.
There's simply never been a show on TV quite like “Pose” – a fact that “Pose” knows, relishes, and celebrates.
“Pose” is also notable for being the last original series that uber-producer Ryan Murphy will produce for FX before launching a new empire at Netflix. “Pose's” devotion to queer spectacle makes for a fitting final note, especially given Murphy's purported business ethos of extending a hand beyond his own experiences to lift up others that would have a much harder time getting noticed without him. For one, Murphy co-created “Pose” with frequent producing partner Brad Falchuk and newcomer Steven Canals, whose script about New York's queer scene couldn't get made before Murphy signed on. For a significant other, “Pose” takes the rare extra step of having its trans characters be played and written by trans people who can actually speak to the experiences they're portraying. (Episodes three and four are credited to “Transparent” writer Our Lady J and author Janet Mock, making her TV writing debut with “Pose.”)
Some will undoubtedly recognize “Pose's” ballroom jargon from the seminal 1990 documentary “Paris is Burning,” whose influence is all over the series. Far more, however, will know now ubiquitous phrases like “throwing shade” and “snatching wigs” from the pop culture juggernaut that is “RuPaul's Drag Race,” the reality competition show that brought drag to the masses in 2009. While RuPaul knows he's referencing ballroom emcees when kicking off every episode's runway portion with “category is …”, it's unlikely that many younger viewers have any idea that their favorite “Drag Race” catchphrases were actually coined decades ago by queer and trans people of color whose ingenuity could make even the dingiest of spaces come alive. “Pose” aims to make that oft-buried history vibrant and current, with all the glitter and heft that FX can give it.
As “Pose's” Blanca (MJ Rodriguez) puts it to wide-eyed newcomer Damon (Ryan Jamaal Swain) in the premiere, the ballroom scene made room for a “gathering of people who are not welcome to gather anywhere else, a celebration of a life that the rest of the world does not deem worthy of celebration.” Balls allowed the LGBTQ community to express the kind of glamorous creativity it couldn't elsewhere by staging elaborate and defiant spectacles of fashion, dancing, and exquisitely pointed wit. There, likeminded people could find each other, build communities as distinctive “houses,” and, more powerfully still, choose each other as family.
“Pose” introduces us to the unique magic of these chosen family dynamics by way of two competing “houses,” or collectives that band together in the name of solidarity and slaying ballroom challenges. The legendary House of Abundance is headed up by the statuesque Elektra (Dominique Jackson), who rules with a combination of killer cheekbones and acid disdain for anyone who would dare question her. The upstart House of Evangelista is born in the premiere when Blanca, once an Elektra devotee, strikes out on her own to make a name for herself and leave a lasting legacy while she still can. Elektra and Blanca disagree on most everything, but as transwomen fighting for the right to express and be themselves no matter the considerable cost, they begrudgingly respect each other's ambition.
While House of Abundance has legacy cachet, the House of Evangelista reigns supreme as far as “Pose's” most compelling storytelling goes. Damon's dance dreams take some time to coalesce as a narrative, but his fellow Evangelista recruit Angel (a luminescent Indya Moore) is instantly magnetic in her search for something, anything, resembling stability. Their new house mother Blanca is equal parts warm and determined as she becomes a strong backbone for both her fledgling house and the show itself. Rodriguez is especially good when paired with Billy Porter's Pray Tell, a gifted designer and ballroom emcee who makes it his mission to find joy in his community even as AIDS keeps tearing a devastating hole right through it.
“Pose” does make a glancing effort to include perspectives from outside the balls. Evan Peters takes a break from terrorizing innocents on Murphy's “American Horror Story” to costar here as restless ladder climber Stan, whose beautiful wife (Kata Mara) and fancy new job at Trump Tower ­(yes, that Trump Tower) still can't stave off his attraction to Angel's sparkling smile and earnest charm. James Van Der Beek (yes, that James Van Der Beek) occasionally shows up as Stan's oily caricature of a boss to encourage infidelity, snort cocaine, and proclaim “God bless Ronald Reagan.” Neither are particularly fascinating, but it bears repeating that on the vast majority of other TV shows out there, Peters and Beek would be the stars. On “Pose,” they're sidenotes.
In fact, given its sprawling cast of characters and perpetually swollen runtime (each of the first four episodes runs at least an hour long), “Pose” can sometimes feel like it's tackling everything all at once just because it can. But it proves just about impossible to hold “Pose's” ambition against it. In true House of Murphy tradition, “Pose” is blunt and opulent, confident in its individuality and palpably eager to please. Even when it stumbles, it's hard not to admire its electric spirit.
TV Review: ‘Pose'
Drama series (8 episodes, 4 reviewed): FX, Sun. June 3, 9 pm
Credits: Executive producers: Ryan Murphy, Brad Falchuk, Nina Jacobson, Brad Simpson, Alexis Martin Woodall, Sherry Marsh, Steven Canals, Silas Howard.
Cast: MJ Rodriguez, Dominique Jackson, Indya Moore, Ryan Jamaal Swain, Hallie Sahar, Angelica Ross, Dyllon Burnside, Angel Bismark Curiel, Billy Porter, Evan Peters, Kate Mara, James Van Der Beek.
OPEN HOUSE: LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton has set the date for the fourth edition of its Les Journées Particulières event: Oct. 12 to 14.
The “open days” held at various sites across Europe — in countries including France, Italy, Switzerland, Spain, Poland and the U.K. — give the public a rare chance to visit leather goods workshops, perfume laboratories, vineyards and other production sites belonging to the French luxury conglomerate.
The third edition of the biennial event in 2016 welcomed 145,000 visitors.
“Les Journées Particulières is a special opportunity for the LVMH Group to share the passion that inspires all our employees,” said Antoine Arnault, chief executive officer of Berluti and a member of the LVMH board of directors.
“In 2018 the event will more than ever underline our commitment to artisanal excellence, along with our strong contemporary engagement,” he added.
CEBUANA tennis sensation Elizabeth Abarquez looks to hit two birds with one stone when she competes in the Palawan Pawnshop – Palawan Express Pera Padala (PPS-PEPP) regional tennis tournament tonight in Isulan, Sultan Kudarat.
The 15-year-old Abarquez has been nothing short of impressive, plucking a total of 14 titles this year to put herself on the cusp of a three-month scholarship program at Macs Crankit Tennis Academy in Australia.
However, Abarquez knows that the road to Australia won't be easy with the presence of top-seed Carlyn Bless Guarde, Tracy Llamas and Kiana de Asis, who won a treble in the PPS-PEPP Lapu-Lapu leg last April.
ADVERTISEMENT
But she vows to do her best in hopes of being trained by professional coaches abroad.
The champion of each category will be awarded a three-month scholarship grant by the PPS-PEPP.
“I don't think I can win because there are so many good players but I will just do my best to qualify for Australia,” Abarquez said.
The Carcar, Cebu native begins her campaign when she takes on Jhoraine Alon in the 18-U girls category at 7 p.m. tonight.
Staff Reporter
Peshawar
As a gesture of goodwill, the North Waziristan Agency (NWA) administration not only dispensed medical treatment to an Afghan national's visually impaired eight-year-old daughter but also returned them back to their homeland on Monday. Father and daughter were handed over to Afghan authorities at the Ghulam Khan border. The man had crossed the border at Angor Adda area of South Waziristan Agency (SWA) in a desperate attempt to treat his visually impaired daughter.
Payenda Khan, a resident of Paktia province, along with his daughter crossed into Pakistan in January and was unable to repatriate. On March 18, he reached NWA where authorities provided medical treatment to them and arranged a special transportation to hand them over to Afghan authorities at Zero-point on Ghulam Khan border.
On February 26, Pakistan decided that it will not force the two million Afghan refugees in the country to leave but encouraged voluntary repatriation, a Pakistani cabinet minister said, as the legal stay of around 1.4 million registered refugees in Pakistan will end on March 31.
Minister for States and Frontier Regions Abdul Qadir Baloch told members of the Pak-Afghan Track II Dialogue in Islamabad that Pakistan is treating refugees issue purely on humanitarian grounds, separating it from the security or political domain. Pakistan also hosts nearly 1 million unregistered Afghan refugees in the country, whose documentation is currently underway across the country.
Winnipeg Police are crediting smart policing initiatives for helping arrest three people for drug offences Monday night and early Tuesday morning.
This involves using data to identify crime trends and patrols in high risk areas to be proactive.
READ MORE: Winnipeg police arrest 2 suspects following multiple recent robberies
Const. Jay Murray explained how they use trends to help tackle crime.
“Let's say the West End has a rash of car break-ins, they can focus on that [and] start paying closer attention to cars in the area,” Murray said.
“If gas stations are getting hit off Henderson, then they can head to that area and keep an eye on it.”
One such patrol resulted in a man being arrested for drug and weapons offences on Monday around 11 p.m. in the Exchange District.
Another patrol nabbed a suspect for weapons and drug charges just past midnight on Tuesday in the Spence neighbourhood.
There was a third arrest around 12:45 a.m. when officers pulled over a man on his bicycle in Elmwood. After a short foot chase, cops arrested a 32-year-old man from Scarborough, Ontario.
Police said he was carrying more than $2,000 worth of cocaine and heroin.
READ MORE: IIU investigating Winnipeg police cruiser crash that injured 73-year-old
Murray said these arrests show that the initiatives are working.
“These arrests happened while officers were focused on those areas,” said Murray.
“It's not like it was a project they were specifically doing. Just by chance, we were successful with three arrests in a short period of time.”
The force began using smart policing practices in 2012.
For the first time in public, Nevada State Athletic Commission executive director Bob Bennett said Tuesday that he and commission Chairman Anthony A. Marnell III support a fight between UFC lightweight champion Conor McGregor and retired, unbeaten boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr.
“Would the Nevada State Athletic Commission consider a boxing match between Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor? Of course we would,” Bennett told The Times.
“And we'd definitely want the fight to be in the fight capital of the world. What commission wouldn't want the two biggest fighters in the world right now to fight in their state?”
Concerns have been expressed that Mayweather (49-0) would dominate a boxing match against McGregor, and Bennett said he'd want to review McGregor training footage and other information before formally signing off on the bout.
But having seen McGregor stand in striking position and repeatedly knock down Nate Diaz and bloody his face en route to a victory in their August rematch, Bennett respects McGregor's abilities and noted that the fighter is 12 years younger than Mayweather, who hasn't fought since September 2015.
“Conor's fight with Nate Diaz was phenomenal,” Bennett said.
McGregor met with Bennett and Marnell on Tuesday in Las Vegas while asking them to reconsider his $150,000 fine and public-service assignment as a result of his throwing two loaded cans of Monster energy drink toward Diaz and his camp at their final prefight news conference in August at MGM Grand.
McGregor launched the cans after his girlfriend, Dee Devlin, was struck on the arm by a heavy roll of black tape and after Diaz, his brother Nick and others threw loaded plastic water bottles in the direction of a late-arriving McGregor and his team.
Bennett said that when Nevada was first considering disciplining McGregor, the executive director proposed a $25,000 fine and 25 hours of community service.
Instead, commissioners Pat Lundvall and Michon Martin persuaded the commission to slap McGregor with a sanction so severe, he took delight in fighting next in New York in November, suggesting he'd rather continue to fight back east than ever return to the desert.
McGregor's request for a rehearing will be considered at the Nevada commission's March 22 meeting, and will be conducted that day if approved.
“The chairman and I feel after our professional, productive meeting that excellent points were being made,” Bennett said.
“Every commission wants Conor to fight in its state. We keep everyone under the guidelines of our codes and statutes. But if we've done a wrong, we need to right that wrong. The chairman and I think the penalties were too stiff.”
Bennett has already reached out to inform Nate Diaz that he's entitled to a rehearing — he's already paid a $50,000 fine for his role —with some reimbursement possible if McGregor's fine is reduced.
Bennett said that as soon as McGregor pays a fine — that appears certain to be lowered — he'll be eligible immediately to gain a boxing license in the state. He's already applied to Nevada for one.
lance.pugmire@latimes.com
Follow Lance Pugmire on Twitter @latimespugmire
Vehicle crash closed two lanes on I-75 in Naples Saturday
A serious crash closed the right and center lanes of I-75 northbound between Pine Ridge Road and Vanderbilt Beach Road in Naples.
The crash happened around 3:15 p.m. Saturday. Traffic was backed up for several miles, but the scene has been cleared.
According to the Florida Highway Patrol, the incident was listed as a vehicle on fire.
It is unclear what caused the crash or if any injuries were reported.
Former President Goodluck Jonathan has said he was able to contain tension in the country via dialogue with relevant stakeholders.
He said this at the opening panel of the Dialogue of Civilisations, Multipolarity and Dialogue in Regional and Global Developments, Rhodes Forum's 15th Anniversary Summit in Greece on Friday.
Speaking further, Jonathan said he conveyed a National Conference in 2014 to discuss the way forward for the country.
"When I was in office as President, I championed the cause for good governance, transparent elections and peaceful power transfers, because I also believed that at the heart of the dialogue for a more peaceful world, is the need to cultivate a culture of democracy and good governance at the national levels.
This is a good way to reduce local tensions that could blossom into global crisis,” Goodluck Jonathan said.
"In Nigeria, through a process of dialogue, we arrived at an amnesty programme that brought an end to the crisis in the Niger Delta, an oil-rich region in my country that accounts for all the oil wells that remain the mainstay of Nigeria's economy.”
Similarly, he expressed disappointment over President Muhammadu Buhari's insistence not to implement decisions reached at the CONFAB.
Labour has called for Chancellor Philip Hammond to abandon "deeply unfair" cuts to the corporation tax rate, claiming the money could have been used to fund tens of thousands of teachers, nurses and police officers.
The corporation tax cuts will be worth almost £15 billion a year to business by 2021, which Labour claimed was equivalent to employing 10,000 teachers, 10,000 police officers and 12,000 nurses, full-time, every year, for a decade.
The corporation tax rate has been reduced from 28% when David Cameron entered number 10 to 20% and it will reach 19% from April under plans to reduce it to 17% in 2020 as ministers aim to encourage businesses to base themselves and operate in the UK rather than choosing international rivals.
Ministers have said the measures support business to grow and create jobs.
Mr Hammond's Autumn Statement in November noted: "Since 2010, the government has eased the regulatory burden on businesses and reduced the corporation tax rate from 28% to 20% with onshore tax receipts increasing by over 20% over the same period."
Shadow chancellor John McDonnell called for the further planned cuts to be abandoned.
He said: "We have known for a long time that the Tories' cuts to corporation tax have cost the Exchequer billions and today we have laid bare what this means for our public services.
"Labour is calling on the Government to reverse these deeply unfair tax giveaways and start properly investing in our vital public services."
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
A shallow magnitude 2.7 earthquake was reported Wednesday afternoon 18 miles from the Santa Catalina Island city of Avalon, according to the U.S. Geological Survey. The temblor occurred at 3:19 p.m. Pacific time at a depth of 0.6 miles.
According to the USGS, the epicenter was 18 miles from Newport Beach, 18 miles from Laguna Beach, 21 miles from Costa Mesa and 48 miles from the Los Angeles Civic Center.
In the past 10 days, there have been two earthquakes of magnitude 3.0 or greater centered nearby.
This information comes from the USGS Earthquake Notification Service and this post was created by an algorithm written by the author.
Read more about Southern California earthquakes.
Dave Jones believes some of Hartlepool United's players froze in their must-win game at crisis club Leyton Orient.
Dire Pools were humbled by the Football League's bottom team, the young O's side fighting back from going a goal down to win the basement battle 2-1 at Brisbane Road.
Fortunately for Pools, relegation rivals Newport County were blitzed 6-1 at Plymouth, a result which kept Jones's team one point clear of the drop zone with only three games to go.
Pools looked like being on their way to three priceless points when Rhys Oates showed strength and compsure to score his second goal in two games.
But Orient, who fielded only three senior players, hit back with well-taken goals from Victor Adeboyejo and Tristan Abrahams.
“It's hard to describe," said Jones.
"We knew everything about them – a young team playing with no fear.
"But you have to compete with that, I thought we didn't do that in the first half.
"in the second half we were a little bit better and we had a couple of good chances.
“We go in front, against a young Orient side but they won't lay down and die.
"We had to match that enthusiasm and in all honesty one of two of them froze today, more than one or two of them."
Pools though had their chances to win it.
Oates and Padraig Amond both missed a quality ball put into the six-yard box by Nathan Thomas and Oates somehow squandered an opportunity with the goal at his mercy in the last minute of normal time.
Jones says the squad was devastated but insists they know what is required.
"We all know in that dressing room what we have to do and where we are, but we just have to do it," said the manager.
And Pools look like having to do it minus Liam Donnelly who was sent off in stoppage time.
Pools were incensed that Dean Whitestone gave a goal-kick when they were convinced it was deflected for a corner.
Donnelly chased after the referee, remonstrating with him and earning a yellow card.
He did not back down and instead squared up to the official, who showed him a second yellow and then the red.
The defender was lucky it was not a straight red.
"What Liam does, I can't bring myself to ask him what he wass doing," said Jones. "I know he's upset, but you can't square up to the referee like that.
"I've not seen anything that for a long time."
Rogers City hosted Mio Tuesday night and meant business. It was close in the 1st quarter but the Hurons went on a double digit run to finish out of the 1st half plus won the rebound battle. Rogers City defeats Mio 50-27.
As publishers — scrambling for revenues and audiences in a rapidly changing media industry — try to get a grip on how to make the best use of social platforms like Facebook and Twitter (without simply conceding traffic to those social platforms), a startup that's building tools to help them surface interesting content has raised $6.4 million in funding to grow its business.
NewsWhip — which tracks what stories and themes are trending, along with influencers, and provides that data to publishers and brands so that they can follow the money, so to speak, and build out their editorial strategy — is getting its funding from two strategic investors, The Associated Press and Japanese newspaper Asahi Shimbun.
Also participating were VC firm Tribal Ventures, unnamed clients of investment bank Cantor Fitzgerald, and previous investors Enterprise Ireland, Matter VC, Social Starts, and AIB Seed Capital Fund.
The AP and Asahi Shimbun are already users of NewsWhip, alongside other media companies like the BBC and the Washington Post, as well as brands like MasterCard. Before this latest round, NewsWhip had raised under $3 million with previous investors including the AP, 500 Startups and others.
NewsWhip was founded in Ireland by Paul Quigley and Andrew Mullaney 2012 and started life as a would-be Flipboard competitor, providing news digests to the public by way of an app. These days, the app no longer exists and the company focuses solely on analytics and building out as a B2B business, with a database that it says contains millions of datapoints that may not otherwise be as easily tracked by its customers.
“Across the media ecosystem, NewsWhip is replacing hunches and guesswork with hard data and predictions. Each minute, we're matching content and stories with the people who need to know about them. Our long tail data helps shape editorial strategy at the most important media outlets and brands,” said Quigley, NewsWhip's CEO, in a statement.
It says this latest funding infusion will be used to grow out its tech even further. A measure of where it sees its ambitions going can be viewed in a product launch from Tuesday of this week: a new analytics product that NewsWhip says can provide social signals for all kinds of problems, from predicting elections to figuring out when to market a hot or cold coffee shop drink (and which specific drink it should be).
To be sure, there are thousands of market intelligence big data players in the market today, and one in particular, Dataminr, sounds like a close competitor to what NewsWhip is doing. Ultimately, it will be those whose insights can lead to the most rewards for their clients that will likely survive.
It seems for now that NewsWhip could be one of them.
“The Associated Press uses NewsWhip tools every day, and that tool set keeps expanding. We're excited to be a part of that growth,” said Jim Kennedy, SVP for Strategy and Enterprise Development at the AP, said in a statement. “From trend-spotting to historical analytics, NewsWhip is providing an essential view of the social news ecosystem.”
As well as using the funding for expanding its products, NewsWhip will also be hiring both in Dublin and its second HQ in New York. Areas where it's looking to bring on more talent include product, machine learning, commercial strategy and marketing and sales.
Along with this round Conor Stanley, founder of Tribal Ventures, will be joining the NewsWhip Board; the AP's Kennedy and a representative of Cantor Fitzgerald will also join the NewsWhip Board as observers.
Have you noticed both federal and provincial governments offer you ‘tax deductions' if you do this or abide by that rule that they want to promote. Which is fine, if you pay a lot of taxes, but for those that are seniors on a fixed income, and are ‘tax exempt', it doesn't mean a heck of a lot as there is no saving. Likewise, insurance companies are now offering ‘a reduced deductible' for those policyholders who don't make a claim. They used to offer a reduced premium for those that didn't make a claim.
Terry Halden
A 26-year-old man was gunned down in a random murder, Toronto Police said Monday.
Nnamdi Ogba was walking to his car Friday night from a housing complex he was visiting on Scarlettwood Cr. — near Scarlett Rd. and Lawrence Ave. W. — when he was killed.
Two men “cowardly” came up from behind and shot Ogba several times in the back, said homicide Det. Jason Shankaran.
“I don't believe he knew his attackers prior to being ambushed from behind,” Shankaran said Monday.
“He was an innocent man walking to his car. He had no criminal record and no gang affiliation He was an electrical engineer, he had a fiancee and was about to be married.”
Police believe the suspects were from a different neighbourhood who habour animosity towards the the area where Ogba was killed.
“The community has had previous incidents of violence,” Shankaran said.
“(The suspects) may have come into the neighbourhood because they feel slighted … just out to shoot someone. I can say in this incident (Ogba) did nothing to bring this on himself.”
Police have released images of the suspects to help track them down.
“The suspect details will be familiar to some. I'm asking those who may know these suspects to call me. Look into your heart. This is not one gang member killing another,” Shankaran said.
“Only one word describes (the suspects): They are cowards who shot (Ogba) in the back. A regular 26-year-old man getting gunned down in the middle of the street is not justified.”
Anyone with information is asked to call police at 416-808-7400 or Crime Stoppers at 416-222-TIPS (8477).
Accused NXIVM sex-cult lieutenant Allison Mack strolled out of Brooklyn federal court Tuesday after posting $5 million bond and agreeing to stay under house arrest in California.
Lawyers for the “Smallville'' TV actress-turned-alleged-cult leader have been in plea talks on the sex-trafficking and forced-labor conspiracy charges against her. Both sides agreed to allow Mack, 35, to be released while awaiting trial, and a judge then officially OK'd the deal.
As part of the agreement, Mack has to wear a GPS ankle bracelet and not have contact with other members of the cult, who reportedly include Seagram's liquor heiress Clare Bronfman, “Battlestar Galactica” TV actress and Mack's wife, Nicki Clyne, and India Oxenberg, the daughter of “Dynasty” TV star Catherine Oxenberg.
“Basically, avoid contact with anyone you know associated in any way with NXIVM. Do you understand?” Judge Viktor Pohorelsky asked Mack on Tuesday.
“Yes, your Honor,” Mack responded, appearing nervous with her hands behind her back and wearing a khaki jail outfit and blue sneakers.
Mack's whereabouts will be monitored by California officials while she stays in her parents' Los Alamitos, Calif., home awaiting her next hearing, officials said.
She will only be allowed leave the house for pre-approved activities, including traveling to Manhattan to meet with her lawyers or Brooklyn for court appearances.
Pohorelsky also forbade her from using the Internet without approval.
Mack did not respond to reporters' questions as she walked out of court Tuesday evening. Her arms were locked with her lawyers, who were flanking her.
She wore makeup, pinstripe pants, a blue sweater and a denim jacket as she left the courthouse. Her hair was pulled back in a high ponytail.
Mack's lawyer Sean Buckley said they want to get her to California as quickly as possible.
She will not require a government escort because she'll be wearing the ankle monitor, a law-enforcement source said.
Mack's mom Melinda secured the $5 million bond using Mack's house in upstate Clifton Park, the family's Los Alamitos home and a retirement account, authorities said. Melinda did not comment after court.
Mack and NXIVM leader Keith Raniere kept women as “slaves” and “branded” them with Raniere's initials, prosecutors say.
Raniere was arrested in March, and Mack was arrested last week. Both have pleaded not guilty to sex trafficking.
It is possible Mack has cut a deal with prosecutors to inform on Raniere. Her lawyers filed an affidavit Friday temporarily waving her right to a speedy trial as “they are engaged in plea negotiations, which they believe are likely to result in a disposition of this case without trial.”
Nxivm spokesman-turned-critic Frank Parlato said the apparent cooperation could be a ruse, but “speculation by those around [Mack] is that she will wake up.”
Her next court date is May 3.
Related Video 1:03 Actress says Allison Mack tried to lure others she met at auditions
Anglo American (LSE: AAL) was the FTSE 100's biggest winner in 2016, logging a gain of nearly 300% over the 12-month period.
A repeat performance in 2017 seems unlikely, but the shares still look decent value to me. Although shareholders do face some risks, I think there's a real chance of further gains over the coming year.
Low costs are king
Mining profits are affected by three main factors. Commodity prices and exchange rates have a big impact, but can't be controlled by individual companies. However, the third factor — costs — can be controlled.
Anglo's management expect to have delivered $1.6bn of cost reductions in 2016. The firm's copper production costs fell by 19%, for example. The combination of higher commodity prices and lower costs should make Anglo a significantly more profitable business in 2017.
Lower costs should also mean that the group can stay profitable at lower commodity prices, reducing the risks faced by shareholders.
Will commodities stay strong in 2017?
Demand for coal and iron ore rose sharply in 2016 as a result of actions taken by the Chinese government. I wouldn't be surprised if prices pulled back slightly in 2017, but a full-scale slump seems unlikely. For now at least, demand seems stable.
Having said that, there's no way to know how the Chinese authorities will act as they continue to try and manage the development of their economy. A second unpredictable factor that could influence the prices of Anglo's commodities is the US President-Elect, Donald Trump.
Mr Trump promised to increase spending on infrastructure during his campaign. This could be positive for commodity prices, but as yet Mr Trump doesn't seem to have made any firm commitments.
One risk that would affect UK investors in particular would be if the pound was to gain strength against the dollar. This would reduce the value of Anglo's US dollar earnings when they were converted into pounds.
Anglo still looks cheap
Market conditions look supportive, but the real reason I'm holding to my Anglo American shares is that I still think they look cheap.
My calculations show that Anglo shares currently trade on a multiple of just 4.6 times the firm's 10-year average earnings. This ratio — known as the PE10 — is a favourite measure of value investors. It highlights companies whose shares look cheap relative to their past earnings.
There's no guarantee that Anglo's profits will return to the levels seen over the past 10 years, but history suggests that company performance often returns to average levels over long periods.
The group's stock also looks cheap based on the latest broker forecasts. Analysts expect Anglo to generate adjusted earnings of $1.90 per share in 2017, 45% more than last year. This gives the stock a 2017 forecast P/E of just 7.7.
That looks cheap to me, especially as the mining industry is only one year into its recovery after a five-year slowdown. If sentiment towards the sector continues to improve this year, Anglo shares could be re-rated onto a significantly higher earnings multiple.
Assuming February's full-year results don't contain any bad news, my view is that Anglo remains a buy for the year ahead.
Don't ignore this bargain buy If you're looking for out-of-favour stocks with the potential to deliver hefty profits, then you may want to consider the company featured in A Top Income Share From The Motley Fool. The company concerned has faced tricky trading conditions, but is showing signs of a return to growth. Our experts believe profits could rise sharply over the next few years. You can find full details of this exciting opportunity in our free, no-obligation report. To receive your copy today, just click here now.
WANTING to buy a new motorcycle? Or do you just want to check out the latest in the market? Head on to J Centre Mall for the Honda Cebu Invasion!
ADVERTISEMENT
Last July 29, Honda unveiled the all-new Honda XRM 125 with celebrity guest Joseph Marco gracing the event.
Sign up for a free test ride at the mall's parking area today until August 19. Get to participate in fun games happening every Saturday and Sunday.
J Centre Mall is located at A.S. Fortuna St., Bakilid, Mandaue City.
The Rock will do anything for his daughter, even if it means spending hours dressed as Pikachu.
On Sunday, Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson, 44, posted a video to Instagram showing fans how he spent his Easter – chasing his 16-month-old daughter, Jasmine, around the house while wearing a giant Pokémon costume.
“The first time Jasmine's favorite character, Pikachu came to visit her months ago she was only crawling,” the former professional wrestler, and avid Page Six reader, wrote. “For Easter Sunday [The Rock's girlfriend Lauren Hashian] and I thought, Pikachu should make a special visit once again. Well, Pikachu didn't account for the fact that now Jazzy RUNS and for 2hrs straight she wants to play her new favorite game, ‘I run away and you chase me Pikachu. And you're not allowed to take a break until I go night night.'”
In the heartwarming clip, the “Fate of the Furious” star, exhausted from chasing after an energetic toddler, lifts up the giant Pikachu head and mutters, “This is crazy.” But there's no time for rest, as his daughter can gleefully be heard yelling, “Peekyu,” as soon as he put the headpiece back on.
But as Johnson made clear, there's no other way he'd rather spend his time. “I'm tired, today's my only day off, it's 118 degrees in this costume and Hobbs [the family's French bulldog] keep trying to p*ss on my leg. And I luv every minute of it. Bring it on,” he wrote. “It's what daddy's do.”
Tired or not, it certainly ended better than some of their father-daughter time.
A post shared by therock (@therock) on Apr 16, 2017 at 1:22pm PDT
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
There is a powerful myth in Turkish football which suggests that once the title race heats up, do not expect good quality football. Regrettably, it is also accepted by the people in the footballing business and they claim that their inability to entertain fans with high-quality games are justified with the competition.
There were two big games this weekend, and it seemed both were affected by this poisonous attitude. Especially the one between Fenerbahçe and Galatasaray considered the flagship of the Turkish Super League. The quality of football in the match was so poor, it was mocked by the fans of other teams.
The derby, which was marketed as a "world derby," turned out to be a game between two mediocre European teams.
Today, I would like to crush this myth of justified bad football and show how the idea is indeed, paradoxical.
First of all, a good game may not always bring good results but it is the most crucial element in getting good scores. The reason why people think that good football and good results negate each other is that they have been exposed to only one version of entertaining football, chaotic.
Now, I am strategically opposed to chaotic approaches mostly because the unpredictability it brings to the game only strengthens the importance of individual talents. However, I must admit that chaos can be entertaining, and technically, it is unpredictable entertainment wherein the results are also unpredictable. But, in a big industry like football, it is unacceptable to put all your money at risk in the name of entertainment and chaos cannot be the only way to entertain people.
Before I get to my second argument, here is a quick question for you: Do you like the game Manchester City, Barcelona or Liverpool play? You may have different views on this, but for most people, they play a very entertaining brand of football. But do they play chaotically? You may come up with different points here as well, mostly targeted at Liverpool; but my answer would still be a clear no. These teams have well-organized plans, combined with a great sense of collective action. It may make their game very predictable, but also very dangerous and entertaining at the same time.
The reason for that is simple, just the way we like a sense of excitement coming out of unpredictability, we also like to watch beautiful works of art, and eleven players executing a perfect game under one great mind is art in itself. Moreover, as I claimed, it is much safer in terms of results, since chaos cannot promise anything. So when people claim that we cannot expect good football when the stakes are high, they are just admitting Turkish league's inability of producing good football. Good football has always a better chance of producing good results and the myth of bad football for good results is at best an oxymoron.
The international community should show Syrians that they have not been forgotten, the heads of U.N. agencies said on Tuesday, calling for funding pledges towards a 9.1-billion-dollar appeal to help people inside Syria and in neighboring countries.
The appeal was made in Brussels as a two-day conference co-hosted by the European Union and the United Nations kicked off, bringing more than 80 delegations from countries and global organizations together. The main event will be on Wednesday, when delegates discuss the humanitarian and political situation in Syria.
Donor countries were asked to step up funding to the U.N.'s annual appeal for Syria and the region, after only between 2.3 billion and 2.7 billion dollars have been contributed so far, meaning there is at least a 70-per-cent gap to fill to meet the goal. The appeal was unveiled last December and would be used to help 22 million people.
"Over the next two days we want Syrians to know that they are not forgotten; that we are trying to find better ways to help them in this terrible situation," the UN's head of emergency relief, Mark Lowcock, said in a joint statement by heads of three U.N. agencies.
"We call on donors to pledge funds to assist and protect Syrian families wherever they are. Despite fighting, bombing and violence, we will not give up."
The U.N. is asking for donations as funding requirements to assist people affected by the Syrian conflict continue to increase. However, the appeals are rarely funded in full.
The conference kicked off with a series of events featuring civil society organizations and NGOs.
More than 200 non-governmental organizations were tasked with drawing up concrete recommendations, which will then be discussed by high-level delegations on Wednesday.
"The work with the Syrian civil society for us, the European Union, has been key from the very beginning and is today even more important - both inside Syria and in the rest of the region," said EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini.
"What matters is the Syria people for us - they are the ones who pay most of the price of the war and they are the peace builders that everybody should look at as a model."
U.N. special envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura, who is trying to broker a political deal to end the conflict, hailed Syrian civil society representatives for engaging through dialogue despite not always being in agreement.
"That's exactly what we want at the political level, which has not yet happened," de Mistura said.
On Wednesday, ministerial-level delegations from countries that either have influence in the region, host refugees or are major donors will hold several meetings focusing on the political and humanitarian dimensions of the conflict.
The EU is seeking to revitalize the U.N.-led peace process in a bid to find a political solution to the crisis.
With 13 million people in need of humanitarian assistance inside Syria and 5.6 million Syrians registered as refugees in neighboring countries in the region, the conference is also aiming to mobilize financial assistance.
At last year's conference, participants pledged 6 billion dollars for 2017. The EU hopes to surpass that figure at this year's conference.
The EU as a whole and its member states have been the top donors in Syria and the region. Since the conflict broke out in 2011, they have given more than 10.6 billion euros (13 billion dollars) in humanitarian assistance.
When Amazon Key first released , the idea was to appeal to customers who regularly ordered from Amazon and found their packages getting stolen off their front lawns. It was for people who lived in urban neighborhoods with no place to hide or conceal the package until they came home. With Amazon Key, the delivery driver could slip the package into your apartment where it would be safe. Giving a complete stranger access to their homes didn't really seem to appeal to a lot of people, though, no matter how many precautions Amazon took. Since then, the service has evolved to be so much more than that, but the basic premise remains.
In-car delivery is a free service and requires no additional purchase, like the Amazon Key Home Kit. As long as you meet the necessary prerequisites you are eligible to begin as soon as you want. Much like the original service, in-car delivery only works with Prime members living within 37 select cities and the surrounding areas. You also need to have a compatible 2015 Chevrolet, Buick, GMC or Cadillac with an active On-Star account or a 2015 Volvo with a Volvo On Call account.
The reason for all these prerequisites is that Amazon Key incorporates the smart system on these vehicles with the Amazon Key app. Customers can get notifications every time an Amazon delivery driver accesses the car. Delivery drivers get no keys or special codes as the whole process is done remotely. When a driver requests access to the car, Amazon can verify there's an authorized driver near the customer's car carrying the right package for the delivery. After the package is delivered, the car is locked again. This process is meant to give the customer peace of mind, and given the delivery drivers won't have access to their front doors, it should.
For the customer, all they have to do is make sure the car is parked in a publicly available space within range of the delivery location during the four-hour delivery time window. The Amazon Key app can verify that, and it also keeps customers up-to-date with the status of the package, when it's on the way and when it has been delivered. The app activity feed will tell them when the car is unlocked and locked.
You can read more about the in-car delivery service on Amazon. Look for Step 1 to see if you're eligible based on your address and vehicle.
See on Amazon
Share:
JAKARTA-An Indonesian fashion designer who shot to global fame with her Muslim-themed collection was sentenced to 18 years in prison Wednesday for a multi-million dollar fraud and money-laundering.
A court near Jakarta convicted Anniesa Hasibuan, 31, and her husband of cheating customers who booked pilgrimage trips to Islam's holiest city Mecca through a travel agency they operated.
The pair were accused of bilking thousands of clients out of at least 848 billion rupiah ($60 million), a steep fall from grace for Hasibuan who had become a household name in the world's biggest Muslim-majority country.
In 2016 Hasibuan's collection was shown at New York Fashion Week where all her runway models wore hijab head scarves and Muslim-inspired designs, a first for the prestigious event.
Hasibuan and her husband Andika Surachman established Jakarta-based First Travel in 2009 to operate trips to Saudi Arabia. But it had not sent any clients to Mecca since early last year despite being paid for them, the court heard. The court fined Hasibuan 10 billion rupiah and sentenced her spouse to 20 years in prison. He was slapped with the same fine.
Prosecutors had demanded 20-year prison terms for both.
"(The defendants) have been proven legally and convincingly guilty of committing a criminal act together," said presiding judge Sobandi, who like many Indonesians goes by one name.
Hasibuan's works have also been featured at shows in London, Istanbul and Cannes, but New York Fashion Week cemented her status as a rising star in the fashion world.
She is also well-known for her lavish lifestyle, regularly posting pictures of herself and her husband travelling abroad and wearing expensive clothing.
Freeland soccer rolls into district final
FREELAND — Freeland cruised to a 9-0 victory over visiting Ithaca in a Division 3 soccer district semifinal on Wednesday. The Falcons will face Alma, a 7-1 winner over Swan Valley in Wednesday's other semifinal, in the district championship game at the Falcons' field Saturday at 1 p.m.
"I'm excited to play Alma. It's always a good game (when we face them), good competition," said Freeland coach Lauren Kemerer. "It will be a tougher game than tonight. I'm actually really excited."
Mackenzie Stroebel led the Falcons with three goals and an assist in Wednesday's game, which ended at halftime via the mercy rule. Autumn Kloha had two goals and two assists, while Brooke Duley had two goals and one assist, and Maddy Boyes and Savannah Doyle scored Freeland's other two goals.
Erin Tyson and Emma Lynch each tallied an assist.
On Saturday, the Falcons (11-4-0) will be seeking their fifth straight district title under Kemerer. By her estimation, FHS has won close to 10 consecutive district crowns.
WASHINGTON: KT McFarland, picked by President Donald Trump to be the US ambassador to Singapore, withdrew from consideration for the job on Friday after her nomination became stalled in the US Senate.
McFarland was on Trump's presidential transition team and later appointed deputy national security adviser under Michael Flynn.
Trump nominated McFarland last May to be the US envoy to Singapore. When the US Senate did not act on the nomination by the end of 2017 the White House resubmitted her nomination in early January.
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee said in December that McFarland's nomination had been delayed due to concerns about her testimony to Congress over communications with Russia.
McFarland had said in a written response to a question from Democratic Senator Cory Booker, a foreign relations committee member, that she was "not aware" of communications between Trump's former national security adviser, Michael Flynn and Sergei Kislyak, when Kislyak was ambassador to Russia.
However, the New York Times reported early in December that it had obtained an email McFarland sent on Dec 29, 2016, the day former President Barack Obama's administration authorized new sanctions against Russia, saying Flynn would talk to Kislyak that evening.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Flynn pleaded guilty to lying to the Federal Bureau of Investigation about his contacts with Russia, and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors delving into the actions of Trump's inner circle before he took office.
On Friday, McFarland, a former Fox News national security analyst, said in a letter to Trump, "I am asking that you withdraw my nomination to be the US Ambassador to Singapore."
"I have come to this decision reluctantly, because I believe in your mission," she wrote. A copy of the letter was seen by Reuters.
Trump said in a statement, "KT served my administration with distinction. Unfortunately, some Democrats chose to play politics rather than move forward with a qualified nominee for a critically important post," he said.
McFarland wrote that she believed Trump had "laid the foundations for a new foreign policy that puts America's interests ahead of, but not at the expense of, our obligations to others."
"Know that I have no intention of withdrawing from the national debate and I want to help you in whatever way I can."
: A US school sent out a fundraising form that offered students a USD 100 'pass' that would entitle them to jump to the front of the lunch queue, sparking outrage among parents who accused the institution of 'cafeteria classism'.A Parent Teacher Student Association (PTSA) sponsorship form for the Lawton Chiles Middle Academy in Lakeland, Florida, was sent out to the students' parents to raise money for the school but one offer stuck out.The form stated that a USD 100 donation would grant the donor a "last name or company logo feature on the website, as well as PTSA events and front of the lunch line pass," ABC Action News reported.Later, the PTSA said the form was circulated by mistake due to a "clerical error" and the fundraiser was not being implemented.The letter, however, evoked a sharp response from parents who slammed it as promoting 'cafeteria classism'. "'Hey my dad has more money than you, I get to eat first you have to wait you have to wait'," Christ Stephenson, a father of a pupil, speculated what the form would incite from young students."Polk County has a very high rate of food insecurity when it comes to kids. With middle school already being a very contentious age, with hormones and everything else, the last thing you really want to do is add a food hierarchy on top of that," Stephenson told News Channel 8.Stephenson and other parents were outraged with many reaching out to the principal of the academy, who said he did not even sign off on the paperwork."This definitely hits home for me and I am very upset about it," Brian Andrews, the principal of Lawton Chiles Middle Academy, was quoted as saying.The PTSA, in a statement, said the fundraising programme was explored but was not to be implemented and the letter went out due to a mistake."We look to strive for new and innovative fundraising ideas to enhance the school experience for our students. We offer a variety of fundraising options for our students and families to choose from each year," the PTSA said."This Family and Business Sponsorship programme was explored but we decided not to implement it. Due to a clerical error, the form was inadvertently included in the Orientation packets. Our families have been notified this programme is not being offered," it said."Nobody is a second-class citizen here and I would encourage anybody to speak to parents that have been here," Andrews said.
OPENING
True West, June 1-23, Ridgefield Theater Barn, 37 Halpin Ln., Ridgefield. At times funny and touching, the play revels in the dark side of the sibling rivalry between two brothers and explores the capacity for our human nature to go horribly wrong. It is recommended for mature audiences. Tickets $35. Info: ridgefieldtheaterbarn.org.
THIS WEEKEND
Polka Dots, the Cool Kids Musical, June 2 and June 9, 10:30 a.m. and 1:00 p.m., Center Stage Theatre, 54 Grove Street, Shelton. Tickets $15. Info: centerstageshelton.org.
CONTINUING
Young Frankenstein, through June 2, TheatreWorks New Milford, 5 Brookside Ave., New Milford. Grandson of the infamous Victor Frankenstein, Frederick Frankenstein inherits his family's estate in Transylvania. With the help of a hunchbacked sidekick, Igor, and a sexy​ lab assistant, Inga, Frederick finds himself in the mad scientist shoes of his ancestors. Tickets $30. Info: theatreworks.us.
Flyin' West, through June 16, Westport Playhouse, 25 Powers Court. Set in 1898 when the Civil War is still a living memory, the all-black town of Nicodemus, Kansas, offers a refuge for many former slaves. At one homestead lives a family of courageous and sharp-witted women determined to make a place for themselves. They overcome tremendous odds in a heroic effort to escape the scars of the past in this uplifting story of bravery, pride, and sisterhood. Tickets $ 30-$50. Info: westportplayhouse.org.
ADVANCE
Mamma Mia, June 7-24, ACT of CT, 36 Old Quarry Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $42-$67. Info: actofct.org.
The Clairvoyants, June 8, 7:30 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $55. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
Still Crazy After All These Years, June 8-10, Stray Kats Theatre Company, Edmond Town Hall, 45 Main St., Newtown. Eight new one-act plays about senior citizens will be performed. Tickets $25. Info: StrayKatsTheatreCompany.org.
Hansel and Gretel, June 8-10, MainStage Theatre of the Visual and Performing Arts Center, 43 Lake Ave., Danbury. Tickets $15-$20. Info: wcsu.edu.
Ivy League of Comedy: Fabulously Funny Females, June 9, 7:45 p.m., Fairfield Theatre Company, 70 Sanford St., Fairfield. Carole Montgomery, Adrienne Lapalucci and Maria Shehata will perform. Tickets $33. Info: fairfieldtheatre.org.
Howie Mandel, June 14, 8 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $87.50. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
Comedian Gary Gulman, June 22, 8 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $30. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
FTC Comedy Presents: Mark Normand, June 30, 7:45 p.m., Fairfield Theatre Company, 70 Sanford St., Fairfield. Tickets $29. Info: fairfieldtheatre.org.
Other Desert Cities, July 6-28, Sherman Playhouse, 5 Route 39, Sherman. A daughter returns home for Christmas for the first time in years, bearing the manuscript of a memoir, which reveals a devastating episode in the life of her wealthy Republican family. Tickets $24. Info: shermanplayers.org.
The Arsonists, July 13-29, Ridgefield Conservatory of Dance, 440 Main St., Ridgefield. Inspired by the Greek tragedy Electra, this play with music is a contemporary American myth that explores the relationship between parent and child in that small space between death and life, the last breath before the awakening. Tickets $29-$59. Info: ridgefielddance.org.
The Complete Works of William Shakespeare (Abridged), July 15-29, Christine's Garden Park, New Canaan. Performances are held Saturdays and Sundays. Free. Info: stonc.org.
Where All Good Rabbits Go, July 20 – Aug. 4, Ridgefield Conservatory of Dance, 440 Main St., Ridgefield. Walt and Julia are a promising young couple whose world takes a turn for the worse when Walt discovers the first sign of a terminal illness: a rabbit tail. Tickets $29-$59. Info: ridgefielddance.org.
A new set of bylaws are set to come to the table at city council on Tuesday. The bylaws will look at putting in more protections for Winnipegger's living in rooming houses. Global's Zahra Premji reports.
× Online Public Information File
Click Here to access the online Public Inspection File
Viewers with disabilities can get assistance accessing this station's FCC Public Inspection File by contacting the station with the information listed below. Questions or concerns relating to the accessibility of the FCC's online public file system should be directed to the FCC at 888-225-5322, 888-835-5322 (TTY), or fccinfo@fcc.gov.
Station Contact Info:
KWQC-TV6
805 Brady Street
Davenport, IA 52803
563-383-7000
For years, the Akbank Short Film Festival has been bringing cinema lovers together with short movies. Starting on March 19, the 14th edition of the film festival will be offering a pleasing selection of both local and international short movies to cinephiles.
A total of 1,342 movies from 65 countries applied to the 10-day event will have competitions in the categories of "Festival Shorts," "World Shorts," "From Short to Feature," "Experiences," "Documentary Cinema," "Perspective," "Previews" and "Forum."
Additionally, 104 short movies and three feature movies from 38 countries will be introduced, some of which have competed at world-renowned film festivals such as the Cannes Film Festival, the Berlin International Film Festival and the Venice Film Festival.
Fourteen movies in the national and international categories of the festival will compete for the "Best Short Film" award to be selected by a special jury.
This year, the "Experiences" section of the festival is hosting the multitalented Argentinean auteur artist Ana Katz.
Katz, an actress, director, producer and scriptwriter, will have five of her short films and her feature movie "A Stray Girlfriend" shown at the festival.
Ana Katz's feature film "A Stray Girlfriend" is being shown at the Akbank Short Film Festival along with five of her short films.
Starring and directed by Katz, "A Stray Girlfriend" has been welcomed by critics already and it was all the rave when it was shown at the Cannes Film Festival.
The artist will be sharing her experience in the movie business with a special masterclass with moviegoers.
In the "From Shorts to Feature" section, the 14th Akbank Short Film Festival will be welcoming director and actor Onur Saylak.
Saylak is a multi-award winner for his latest movie "Daha" ("More"), which premiered at the Karlovy Vary Film Festival. A few of Saylak's short films and his movie "Orman" ("Jungle") will be screened and he will also attend a discussion organized with the viewers.
Moving on, doyen author and director Nebil Özgentürk will be the host of the "Documentary Cinema" section. "İçinden Hüzün Geçen Sevdalar" ("Sorrowful Love Stories") will be screened at the festival and "Almanya'ya Göçün Hatıra Defteri" ("Diary of Immigration to Germany"), his latest movie, will be premiered. Festival followers can also attend a discussion session with Nebil Özgentürk.
The festival's "Forum" section will be organizing a short movie script competition, with 632 script applications this year, in order to support, promote and improve the idea generation stage of short movies. The section will also be offering an award for "Best Script." The results of the 14th Akbank Short Film Festival competition in both the national and international movie categories will be announced on Thursday, March 29.
The directors of the two movies selected as "Best Short Movie" in both the national and international categories will be awarded $5,000 by Akbank Sanat. The productions that win will also be screened at university campuses in various regions of Turkey. In addition, the author of the best short movie script competition organized to support short movie productions will be awarded TL 3,000 ($761) by Akbank Sanat.
Leading figures of cinema at the 14th Akbank Short Film Festival with conversations, workshops
The 14th Akbank Short Film Festival is also bringing some of the leading figures of the sector together with cinephiles from both Turkey and abroad. Feza Çaldıran's "Cinematographer Workshop" will take place today, while film editor Ali Aga will be meeting with the movie lovers at the "Montage Workshop" on March 21.
Producer Suzan Güverte's "Production Workshop" will be held on March 22, while acting coach and theater director Çağ Çalışkur's "Acting Workshop" will take place on March 24. A famous scriptwriter and member of the Swedish Drama Union and European Film Academy, Marietta von Hausswolff von Baumgarten will organize a "Script Workshop" to share her experiences with movie fans.
The "Discussions" program of the 14th Akbank Short Film Festival will host famous Turkish actress Farah Zeynep Abdullah at the "On Acting" session. Saylak will be attending the discussion session after the screening of his award-winning movie, "Daha."
The host of the "Documentary Cinema" section, author and director Gözgentürk will get together with festival goers at the discussion session after the screenings of two of his movies on March 21, "Sorrowful Love Stories" and "Diary of Immigration to Germany."
Ana Katz will share her experiences in film in a masterclass as part of the festival.
Young directors Anna Katalin Lovrity and Murat Uğurlu will be attending the "Making a Short Movie" session on March 22.
Michele Drigues, the short film director of the Montpellier Film Festival, will be hosting a session on "Short Movies at International Festivals" on March 23. The host of the "Experiences" section, Katz will get together with festivalgoers at a masterclass after the screening of her feature movie "A Stray Girlfriend" on March 24.
Academics Nilay Ulusoy, Özger Erbek Kara and Selahattin Yıldız will attend the "Relation between University Cinema Education and Short Films" session on March 25.
The experienced post-production experts of the cinema sector in Turkey, Ahmet Hızarcı, Cenk Erol and Tuğushan Özdener will hold a "Post-Production" session March 27 and musician Murat Engin will attend the "Music and Visuality" session on March 28.
Ana Katz at 14th Akbank Short Film Festival
The 14th Akbank Short Film Festival will be hosting various figures from the international cinema sector.
Besides her feature, "A Stray Girlfriend," Katz's shorts "Farewell," Wish There Was Wind," "Pantera," "Mereng" and "The Last Day of High School" will be shown at 1:00 p.m. on March 24.
Katz will be sharing her experiences at the masterclass to take place at Akbank Sanat at 6:30 p.m. on March 24.
Born in Buenos Aires, Argentina in 1975, Katz graduated from the Film and Cinema department of Universidad del Cine and she took acting lessons from Julio Chávez, Elena Tritek and Ricardo Bartís.
Her first movie, written, directed by and starring herself, "Musical Chairs," premiered at the San Sebastian Film Festival in 2002 and won the Jury's Special Award.
The movie also won the Casa de las Americas' prize, one of the most prestigious awards in Latin America. Katz also won the award for Best Director at the Toulouse Latin American Movie Festival for "Musical Chairs."
Onur Saylak will be hosted in the From Shorts to Feature section of the festival.
She wrote theater plays titled "El juego de la silla," "Lucro cesante" and "Pangea." She took part in various multi-award winning movies and plays such as "Whisky," of Pablo Rebella and Pablo Sztoll, winner of the FIPRESCI award at the Cannes Film Festival, Liliana Paolinelli's "Lengua materna" and Gustavo Garzón'a "Por un tiempo."
Her second feature movie "A Stray Girlfriend" premiered at the "A Certain Regard" section of the Cannes Film Festival. It won the Film in Progress award at the San Sebastian Film Festival, the FIPRESCI award at theHavana Film Festival, and Katz won Best Actress in a Leading Role at the Lima Independent Film Festival.
Katz also has various short movies she has written and directed at the beginning of her career. KyS Films' production, her third feature movie "The Marziano's Family," premiered at the San Sebastian Film Festival in 2011.
She played in "O que fica," a French-Brazilian co-production directed by Danielle Saba. Katz worked for Felhner Films for many years and established Laura Cine Producer with Laura Huberman.
With the support of Fundación Sagai, she created the Índice de Actores project and founded a website which contains portraits of Argentinean actors and actresses.
In 2014, she shot her fourth movie "My Friend from the Park," which starred herself along with Julieta Zylberberg. The movie won numerous awards including Best Script and the Jury Special Award at the Sundance Film Festival.
She starred in the Paco León's first feature movie "Kiki." The movie script won an award from the Argentinean National Cinema Institute and her latest movie "Sueño Florianópolis," shot in Brazil, is currently in the post-production phase.
Security V Ease of Use
July 2018 by Colin Tankard, Managing Director Digital Pathways
This week the government has announced its plans for a free NHS mobile app in order to make accessing health services quicker and easier.
Patients will be able to have remote access to their medical records, make appointments with their GP and order repeat prescriptions.
“The idea of being able to access our records digitally and, to bypass the annoying need to ‘sit on the phone' for ages trying to make an appointment at your doctors surgery, is fantastic”, says Colin Tankard, Managing Director of data security company, Digital Pathways.
However, as with all things, there are significant threats when it comes to keeping access to information on our phones, safe.
“As always”, says Tankard, “passwords will be a weakness in the process. Text message authentication, widely used by HMRC, would be one way to ensure a level of security.
“The protection of an app on a phone is really only as good as the phones access control. Without secondary authentication it will be vulnerable.
“Using this second tier of access would mean the user needing to log in. Because we are so used to easy access apps, it may be a stumbling block to its introduction.
“I'm afraid, it is a case of security being compromised in preference of ease of use.”
Tankard also cites the use of unauthorised, look alike apps, as another area of concern. These, spoof users into downloading them, in order to gain access to personal data.
“Within AppStore, the problem is not so acute, as Apple closely controls the quality of applications. By default, Apple do not allow any application to have access to the core code of the phone,” adds Tankard.
“This is not the case with Android, as its code is open and access to core files is positively encouraged. Furthermore, the controls in place within the PlayStore are not as robust, so rogue apps can slip through.
“The last time NHS England talked about centralising patient records, there were many concerns expressed, and recently, it has been widely reported in the Press of the sharing of 150,000 patient records, ignoring consent checks.
“Inevitably, this time will be no different”.
Brightest LED Flashlight Ideal for reading, unloading the car, walking the dog, working on the car, unplug some cords in a dark area, nighttime running, bicycling, hiking, camping, fishing.
Construction remains big concern on Fort Myers Beach as season approaches
Ongoing construction on Fort Myers beach remains the biggest concern for residents and business owners. Not only is this tacking on commute time but merchants say people want to avoid the area and it's taking away from business.
Allen Gillard, Owner of A and S Plumbing says he's frustrated, “Now this mess they got here over at the Red Coconut is just a total disaster down here.”
Even daily tasks are taking a long time, “I just got back from getting a haircut. Round trip from Donora (Boulevard) to the (Beach) Barber Shop and coming back, I've been gone hour and a half,” said Chris Lanzon, Fort Myers Beach, “Good clock, 15 to 20 minutes which is crazy.”
As traffic grows so do construction concerns.
“We got a reputation of bad traffic so they don't even come down to the beach anymore,” said Raymond Carrasco, owner Ray's Pizza.
It's particularly bad near the Red Coconut RV Park. That's because the Estero Boulevard project is installing storm drain pipes, requiring one-way alternating traffic.
After many complaints, town council requested the roadwork be done at night. Project leaders though say it would be too costly and too dangerous. Instead, they agreed to move forward with construction into this weekend to get the work done faster.
“They got both sides of the road tore up. they got it down to one lane and it takes an hour to get through and I got trucks down here working so its adds up,” said Gillard “It's costing us a fortune.”
Now business owners are afraid it'll cause roadblocks in business, during their busiest days.
“The weekends, especially Saturday, whole beach is packed and I don't know what's gonna happen when they do the one lane. I probably won't be able to deliver, which is like 90 percent of my business,” said Carrasco of Ray's Pizza.
Crews on Fort Myers Beach are flagging traffic around the holes they dig for storm drains and they fill them before the day ends. Around 5 p.m. it's back to the normal two lanes.
You can expect one lane traffic until December 18th.
Electricity consumers in Ekiti State have raised the alarm over what they termed “outrageous and killing' bills being slammed on them by the Benin Electricity Distribution Company (BEDC).
Acting under the auspices of the Ekiti State Landlords Electricity Consumers' Association, the body threatened to seek redress in court.
They ordered the company to make available to them pre-paid meters to end the regime of extortion and arbitrary bills being imposed on the residents of the state.
The consumers in a statement signed by its Chairman, Deacon Ibukun Ogundipe and Pastor Seye C.O. and others made available to newsmen in Ado Ekiti on Friday directed all the landlords in the state to be paying N3, 000 monthly charges until the prepaid meters that will ensure accurate reading of electricity consumed by the people are provided by the company.
Revealing that their lawyer had been directed to file a suit against BEDC over the pain they are subjecting the people to they urged the Consumer Protection Agency to call the company to order in the interest of the public.
The statement reads: “This association has met severally on the unimaginable and wicked exploitation through outrageous and arbitrary billing of all electricity consumers who do not have prepaid meters in Ado Ekiti and environs.
“Electricity generation and distribution no doubt, is the fulcrum on which any national development rest upon. Since the management of BEDC commence operation in Ekiti, we have observed the following that:
“Today, because many of us don't have prepaid, the commonest bill now ranges between N10, 000 and N18,000 per month, even for one-room apartment. , this is unacceptable and we reject this totally.
“The outrageous billing does not in any way match the epileptic power supply of electricity, which has caused incalculable damage to our electrical appliances.
“We have realized that all the communities maintain the electricity installations and replace components of transformers stolen by vandals . Each community has committed millions in this regard.
“We have decided to mobilize the entire people of Ado Ekiti in an unprecedented protest to carry out indefinite picketing on BEDC premises until out case is looked into,” it said.
ArtFest to draw creativity, crowds in Fort Myers
Art enthusiasts can enjoy exceptional art, entertainment, food and activities for the whole family this weekend at ArtFest.
Southwest Florida's premier art festival will take place from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday and Sunday on the waterfront in historic downtown Fort Myers.
Attendees can discover original art by more than 200 artists. Admission is free.
For more information, click here.
MCWD asks consumers in Talisay, Cebu cities to conserve water; weather bureau doesn't expect rains until May
Jairah Mae Caminero hasn't gotten enough sleep lately.
Instead of the regular eight hours, the 19-year-old college student's bedtime has been reduced by two hours since Friday.
“I usually sleep at 10 p.m. but I have to wake up as early as 4 a.m.,” she said in an interview.
In the past five days, Caminero and her boardmates had to be up early in order to store enough water because the faucet started drying up at 6 a.m. up to 6 p.m.
“If I don't wake up at 4 a.m., we won't have enough potable water for us to take a bath, wash our clothes and dishes,” said Caminero, a native of Palompon town in Leyte, who is renting a room in an apartment in Barangay Mabolo, Cebu City.
And the water interruption may just get worse.
The Metropolitan Cebu Water District (MCWD) on Tuesday urged residents in the cities of Cebu and Talisay to conserve water due to the continuing decline in the water levels in Jaclupan Watershed and Buhisan Dam.
Charmaine Kara, MCWD spokesperson, said in a phone interview that their production department decided to reduce water production to ensure that there would be enough potable water for their consumers from both cities.
From an average of 33,000 cubic meters per day, Jaclupan Watershed in Talisay City is now producing 30,000 cubic meters of water per day.
On the other hand, Buhisan Dam in Cebu City supplies potable water at a rate of 4,000 cubic meters per day or 2,000 cubic meters less than its average production of 6,000 cubic meters.
With reduced water production, Kara said some portions of Cebu City and all parts of Talisay City would experience water interruptions.
“This means that we will limit our service hours. Normally, we have water for 24 hours but now, we will stop water production at, let's say at dawn, since the demand is relatively low. In this way, we can still store water to last until the rainy season starts,” she said.
Jaclupan Watershed supplies potable water to the entire Talisay City, which has a population of over 227,000, and portions of southern Cebu City such as barangays Bulacao and Pardo.
Buhisan, on the other hand, is the source of potable water for residents and establishments in downtown and uptown areas of Cebu City, including Barangay Mabolo.
“This is why we're now urging everyone to conserve water by using recycled water to water your plants, to flush (the toilets) or to clean your garage. You can save up to 10 gallons of water,” Kara said.
The decrease in water supply in the Jaclupan Watershed and Buhisan Dam is attributed to insufficient rain on the onset of the summer heat.
Unfortunately, the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (Pagasa) doesn't expect any rain this month.
The earliest for rains to occur would be in May, said Engr. Al Quiblat, chief of the Pagasa-Mactan bureau.
“Rainfall plays a significant role in our water supply. So naturally, it will decrease because of the insufficient rain we're experiencing,” he explained.
The weather bureau declared the start of summer last April 10 and would last until the rainy season in June.
A data from Pagasa revealed that April is the driest month with a slim chance of rain.
So far, Pagasa-Mactan recorded just 41.3 millimeters of rainfall in April or below the expected average of 50 millimeters.
The highest heat index in Cebu was recorded at 41 degrees Celsius at 1:40 p.m. on Monday and last April 14, said Nedz Salatrero, weather specialist of Pagasa-Mactan.
On Tuesday, the heat index in Cebu registered at 40 degrees Celsius.
The heat index or human discomfort index is the actual temperature felt by the body based on air temperature, humidity and the surrounding environment.
Because of the scorching temperature, water demand was expected to increase.
But Kara said that the insufficient rains in Cebu had not affected the supply of groundwater wells and bulk water.
“Dry season affects initially our surface water source. Majority of MCWD's sources is still groundwater,” said Kara.
She said MCWD was doing everything to ensure steady water supply to residents and establishments in Metro Cebu.
Kara said the Jaclupan Watershed and Buhisan Dam comprised only 15 percent of the total water supply in Metro Cebu.
“There's no possibility for our surface water sources to be completely dried up. The good thing this year is that there's no El Niño phenomenon. Of the 230,000 cubic meters per day we produce, 53 percent are sourced from our groundwater wells and 32 percent are from bulk water supplies,” she added. / with PIT Intern Glazelle Bless Viter
Outraged by the shooting Sunday that killed 58 people in Las Vegas, California Treasurer John Chiang called Friday for state pension officials to investigate whether they have investments in retailers or manufacturers of assault rifles and devices that give the weapons rapid-fire ability.
Chiang, a candidate for governor, asked the board members at the California State Teachers' Retirement System in a letter to go beyond their 2015 action that prohibited investments in firms that make semi-automatic rifles and ammunition that are banned in California.
“I respectfully call upon this board to refrain from allocating even a penny of our $213 billion in investable assets to the benefit of wholesale or retail sellers of these banned weapons,” wrote Chiang, a member of the board. “Neither taxpayer funds nor the pension contribution of any public school educator — such as the three California teachers slain in Las Vegas — should be invested in the purveyors of banned military style assault weapons.”
Chiang planned to send a similar letter to the California Public Employee Retirement System, where he also serves on the board.
State retirement money is invested in big retailers that sell guns. The pension funds would have to determine whether firearms sold in other states by the retailers are prohibited in California, Chiang said.
The divestment proposal also extends to stores and manufacturers that provide “bump-stock” and “slide-fire” devices that allow rifles to accelerate their rate of fire, Chiang said. One such device was used by Stephen Paddock, the Las Vegas shooter.
A spokesman for Walmart, a recipient of state pension funds, said the stores stopped selling the prohibited semi-automatic rifles in 2015 and does not sell bump-stock devices. The sale of the devices on Walmart's website through a third-party vendor was immediately stopped, said Charles Crowson, the spokesman for Walmart.
The Latest on the remnants of Subtropical Storm Alberto (all times local):
12:40 p.m.
Forecasters say heavy rain has caused a river to flood in a north Georgia city as the South continues to feel the effects of Subtropical Storm Alberto.
The National Weather Service says up to 7 inches (18 centimeters) of rain caused flooding to creeks and rivers in the city of Helen, Georgia, around 10 a.m. Wednesday. The weather service has issued a flash flood warning for White and Towns Counties into the evening.
Atlanta station WAGA-TV reports that several roads near the downtown area were shut down because of the rising water, which is about knee high.
No injuries or structural damage have been reported.
Helen Police say emergency officials are monitoring the water levels.
___
12:35 p.m.
North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper says the state is sending safety engineers to check on several dams in the North Carolina mountains after heavy rains from the fringes of what was Subtropical Storm Alberto.
No evacuations have been ordered, but Cooper says the inspectors will make sure the dams at Lake Lure, Lake Tahoma, Lake Tuxedo and North Fork Lake are still structurally sound.
Some areas have received up to 8 inches (20 centimeters) of rain since Sunday on ground that was already saturated.
Cooper has announced a state of emergency for mountain counties, where flooding and mudslides are still blocking a number of roads.
Cooper said in a statement that two state Department of Transportation workers were swept away by a mudslide in McDowell County as they cleared debris from a previous slide but managed to stand on the side of the truck after it fell into the Catawba River and were rescued.
_________
Mudslides triggered by the soggy remnants of Alberto forced evacuations below a dam early Wednesday and closed a highway in western North Carolina as the center of the storm lashed the nation's midsection hundreds of miles away.
About 2,000 people were evacuated for several hours after emergency managers said the Lake Tahoma dam was in danger of "imminent failure." Heavy rain triggered landslides at the dam and along Interstate 40, which was closed near Asheville.
Engineers inspected the dam further in daylight and McDowell County officials announced in a public alert just after 10 a.m. Wednesday the dam was safe and people could return to their homes.
The evacuation was ordered because engineers wanted to play it safe until they could do more inspections after sunrise, McDowell County Emergency Management deputy director Adrienne Jones told The Associated Press.
Several schools were closed in western North Carolina because of flooding.
The center of a depression that had been Alberto was about 400 miles (640 kilometers) west near Hopkinsville, Kentucky, where Sherry Key had a fitful night of sleep because of high winds and heavy rains.
"I have dogs and they're terribly afraid of storms, so they were on top me all night," said Key, an airport office manager.
Radar showed rain extended as far south as the Gulf Coast, where the storm came ashore at the Florida Panhandle on Monday, to the Great Lakes region.
Forecasters warned the leftovers of the Atlantic hurricane season's first named storm were still capable of causing treacherous flooding as heavy precipitation spreads deeper into the nation's midsection. Flash flood watches and warnings were in effect for parts of several states from Alabama through Tennessee, Kentucky, Illinois, the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia.
The weather service at the Greenville-Spartanburg airport in South Carolina said the rainfall of 1.76 inches (4.4 centimeters) on Tuesday broke a record dating to 1976.
In the mountains of western North Carolina, Jones said about 200 residents spent the night in three shelters, set up in Marion, Old Fort and Glenwood. She said five minor injuries have been reported during water rescues as creeks and streams overflowed their banks and rock slides closed roads.
The big, messy storm caused more than 25,000 power outages in Alabama, many of which were caused by trees rooted in soggy soil falling across utility lines.
"We've had a lot of rain, but we got lucky. It was a constant rain but not a heavy rain," said Regina Myers, emergency management director in Walker County northwest of Birmingham.
Alberto was more of a rainstorm than a wind threat, but the National Weather Service said at least one tornado had been confirmed.
The weather service said its meteorologists confirmed a weak tornado with maximum winds of 85 mph (147 kph) hit an area around Cameron, South Carolina, on Monday afternoon. No one was hurt.
Islamabad - Federal capital hospitals remained on high alert to meet any untoward situation on the Independence Day.
The notification issued by the Pakistan Institute of medical Sciences (PIMS) administration stated: “All heads of clinical Departments/Supervisory staff are requested to make their necessary arrangements to meet any kind of emergency. They are also requested to provide their emergency duty roaster.
Security measures at the Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences (PIMS) were also seen strict with extra deployment of security guards and checking of vehicles in the hospital.
Talking to The Nation, an official said that the staff was asked to remain on duty as the multiple ceremonies, including flag hoisting in government departments and musical events were held in the city.
“After the Quetta blast, security threats were mentioned in federal city on the Independence Day,” he said.
He said PIMS emergency, surgery and burn centre were directed to remain stand by to meet any untoward situation.
The order led to cancellation of staff leaves also.
Similarly, the Federal Government Polyclinic Hospital (FGPS) and Capital Hospital were also on high alert.
Talking to The Nation, Dr Sharif Astori said that all medical staff is on duty as the high alert has been declared. “Polyclinic is the nearest hospital to all government offices so it bears more burden,” he said.
Dr Astori said extra beds have been set and paramedics' residing arrangement was made in the nearby hostel of the hospital.
He also added that on all special occasions and hospitals arrangements are beefed up to meet any challenging situation.
However, the security situation inside the hospital was observed as normal. Dr. Astori said that hospitals are also soft targets in this kind of situation and it has taken every available security measure inside it.
Kanye West announces 2024 presidential run
Kanye West previously expressed an interest in running for president in 2020, but after striking an unlikely friendship with Donald Trump, the hip-hop eccentric has opted to delay his candidacy. “2024,” proclaimed Kanye in a tweet posted Tuesday night.
While the prospect of a Kanye presidential run may seem absurd, the GOP has already shown a willingness to rally around a narcissistic political outsider with serious baggage and no prior experience. Plus, Kanye has influential conservative media figures like Alex Jones and Bill O'Reilly fawning over his recent tweets expressing admiration for right-leaning thinkers Candace Owens and Dilbert creator Scott Adams. So, yeah.
In the meantime, Kanye will seemingly focus his efforts on writing a philosophy book in real time. He's also weeks away from dropping five new albums: a solo LP and a collaborative record with Kid Cudi in addition to releases from Nas, Pusha T, and Tenaya Taylor, all of which he produced himself.
The death toll from the devastating tower block fire in west London is expected to rise as investigators trawl through the wreckage in the search for other victims.
At least 12 people have died after the huge fire destroyed Grenfell Tower in north Kensington, where flames can still be seen burning more than a day on from the disaster.
More than £1 million has been raised to help those affected by the blaze in the 24-storey building, while volunteers and charities helped feed and shelter people who could not return to their homes overnight.
A wall of condolence has been put up near the smouldering tower, with dozens of messages left for loved ones.
Prime Minister Theresa May has promised a 'proper investigation' after the building went up in flames early yesterday morning, amid growing concerns about how the fire could have spread so rapidly.
Speaking in Downing Street, Mrs May said: "When it's possible to identify the cause of this fire, then of course there will be proper investigation and if there are any lessons to be learnt they will be, and action will be taken."
Residents' groups have claimed they voiced concerns about the safety of the building, which was recently refurbished, while those who escaped complained their fire alarms had not been activated by the blaze.
One focus for the investigation will be the building's cladding, which TV architect George Clarke said may have accelerated the blaze.
Mr Clarke, who appears on Channel 4's Amazing Spaces, told BBC's Newsnight: " I saw those cladding panels, the cladding on the outside and the insulation was just peeling off, like you'd peel a banana.
"It was fully on fire. I could see the flames behind - there's a new cladding system put on the outsides that looks like a new skin, there's an air gap and insulation behind that, to me that looks like a fantastic chimney for the fire to rage around."
Grenfell Tower, which built in 1974, was recently refurbished at a cost of £8.6 million, with work completed in May last year.
Kensington and Chelsea Council admitted it had received complaints over the works, after a residents' action group said its warnings about safety had fallen on 'deaf ears'.
A blog post from Grenfell Action Group in November said 'only a catastrophic event' would expose the concerns residents had.
The group said there was one entry and exit to the tower during improvement works and it had issues with evacuation procedures.
Concerns had also been raised about exposed gas pipes weeks before the devastating blaze.
Rydon, the firm that carried out the refurbishment work, said the project 'met all required building regulations', in its latest statement issued after the fire.
But a line stating that the project had met all 'fire regulation and health and safety standards', which was included in an earlier release, had disappeared.
When questioned about residents' worries about fire safety at the block, the council's deputy leader Rock Feilding-Mellen told the BBC: "My understanding is that their concerns were looked at and officers and the TMO (tenant management organisation) made inquiries and felt we had done what was necessary."
Meanwhile, work is continuing to tackle 'pockets of fire' in the block, with several residents reporting that one man had said it started in his faulty fridge.
Many people are still unaccounted for with firefighters saying the operation now in the 'recovery phase'.
Commander Stuart Cundy, of the Metropolitan Police, said: "This is going to be a long and complex recovery operation and I do anticipate that the number of fatalities will sadly increase beyond those 12."
Witnesses described hearing screams for help from people trapped on the upper floors of the block as flames engulfed the building, which contains 120 flats thought to be home to between 400 and 600 people.
Children and a baby were seen being thrown out of the windows to be caught by emergency workers and members of the public below.
London Fire Brigade said it had rescued 65 people as flames engulfed the block, and had managed to reach all 24 floors, though a full search of the building has not been completed.
NHS England said 74 patients were treated in six hospitals across London.
Thirty-four remain in hospital, including 18 who are in critical care.
Last night, dozens of people gathered for a vigil in the shadow of the tower as the sun began to set.
Many were moved to tears after pausing for moment of silent contemplation outside the Notting Hill Methodist Church in west London.
The Rev Mike Long said: "There are times when all the words we can say are not adequate and sometimes words fail us because no words can do justice to how we feel, or what we have seen or what has happened. Today is one of those days.
"What we can simply do is look to all that we have seen today which is good, which is fabulous - people getting together."
Emergency accommodation had been provided to 44 households affected by the fire, with families with young children, elderly residents and those who are vulnerable given 'immediate priority', the local council said.
People unable to return to their homes were offered a place to stay at Westway Sports Centre in Crowthorne Road, north Kensington.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said 'searching questions' need to be asked about what happened, suggesting spending cuts could have contributed to the deadly fire, while general secretary of the Fire Brigades Union Matt Wrack said: "The truth is this should not be happening in the UK, one of the wealthiest countries in the world."
Galaxies don't like to be alone. They congregate in clusters — collections of a few dozen to a few thousand of them, all bound by their mutual gravitational pull. Our own galaxy, the Milky Way, belongs to a small cluster known as the Local Group.
The nearest big cluster is about 50 million light-years away. It's in the constellation Virgo, so it's known as the Virgo Cluster. It contains a couple of thousand galaxies.
Most of them are puffballs — dwarf galaxies that are only a fraction the size and mass of the Milky Way. But a few are giants — they're the size of the Milky Way or bigger, and some may contain dozens of times as many stars as the Milky Way.
The Virgo Cluster is at the center of a much larger collection of galaxies: the Virgo Supercluster. It includes several clusters that move through space as a unit, tied together by gravity. Membership includes the Local Group, which is on the supercluster's outskirts. We're becoming more tightly integrated into the supercluster, though, as the Local Group is pulled toward the Virgo Cluster.
And it's easy to spot the cluster's location right now. It's high in the east and southeast at nightfall. It's roughly between the planet Jupiter, which is the brightest object in the sky at that hour, and the tail of Leo, the lion. Binoculars reveal a few of the galaxies as hazy smudges of light, while a small telescope brings several galaxies into sharper view.
More about the Virgo Cluster tomorrow.
Script by Damond Benningfield
School's out for summer, which means the summer season is officially in full swing.
When it comes to wine, this requires stocking the cellar (or the countertop rack) with reasonably-priced and easy to get into, barbecue-ready bottles. Really, who has time to pontificate? We'll save that for September! In the meantime, here are three no-brainer bottles ready to pair with July and August.
Liberado 2016 Verdejo-Sauvignon Blanc, Spain ($13.49, #520627)
An 80/20 blend of Verdejo and Sauvignon Blanc from the high plains of Spain, Liberado (the name translates from Spanish as “released” and the wine is said to be “Inspired by Spain's transition to a democracy in the 70s…”) offers liberal aromas of tropical fruit and grapefruit in a quite robust style that concludes with a short, fresh finish. Toss some citrus-marinated squid or mango-salsa accompanied fish on the grill and dinner is served.
Bottom line: B, Zippy and zesty
Anciano 2008 Gran Reserva Tempranillo, Spain ($13.49, #425926)
One more Spanish bottle, and I challenge anyone to find another 10 year-old wine on the shelves for this price. Anciano has been bringing long-aged reds at good prices for some time now. With classic Spanish Tempranillo traits of black cherry, herbs, and toasty oak, this rustic and juicy red sees seven years aging before release (according to Spanish wine law, Gran Reserva wine must be aged a minimum of five years) and will prove a conversation starter at any backyard gathering.
Bottom line: B, Pair with grilled meat
The Grinder 2016 Blue Moose Cabernet Sauvignon-Shiraz, South Africa ($13.99, #553826)
Finally, another prime barbecue red, this one gregarious in both name and stature. Where the Anciano proffers rustic traits of leather and dried tannins, Blue Moose lets it hang loose with aromas of dark berry, cherry cola, and pepper spice. With sweet fruit up front followed by a mellow mid-palate and a smooth and dry enough finish, this robust red cries out to be paired with something laced with a sweet and tangy barbecue sauce.
Bottom line: B-, Simple, easy barbecue pick
The Swirl: Bard in the Valley
Township 7 Vineyards and Winery is once again hosting Bard in the Valley performances at their South Langley winery location (21152 16th Ave @ 212th St.). Five live performances of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet will take place amongst the vines, with evening performances starting at 7:15 p.m. on July 6, 7, 13 and 14 along with a 2 p.m. matinee on July 8. Tickets are $20 plus taxes (clubSEVEN members receive a 10 per cent discount) for this rain or shine event. Chairs will be provided for all ticket holders and guests are encouraged to bring a picnic and grab a bottle of wine before enjoying the show — the picnic area opens 90 minutes before showtime. For complete details call 604-532-1766 or head to township7.com.
Contact James: @hadaglass
In late April 2013, a gust of wind named Tim Leiweke blew into Toronto and changed our sporting city forever.
It didn't seem so apparent at the time. This bull in a china shop — knocking things down, tripping all over his words, battling with his bosses, making wild and entertaining proclamations — let anyone who would listen know that the culture of losing within Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment was about to end.
Leiweke played the part of runaway train, bowling over those in his way, not caring much for whatever residual damage was left at the side of the road.
He was just 18 days on the job when he hired Masai Ujiri away from the Denver Nuggets to run the Toronto Raptors. He was in his fifth month as CEO of MLSE when he brought in Tim Bezbatchenko to run the soccer operations of the rather dismal Toronto FC franchise.
Some seven months later, with assistance from Gary Bettman, Leiweke gave the keys to the Toronto Maple Leafs car to a management neophyte named Brendan Shanahan.
All of that done in less than one full year on the job. Some 18 months later, because of corporate illness — he was sick of them, they were sick of him — Leiweke was gone. Out as CEO of Canada's largest sporting company. Gone, but with a growing legacy that impacts this market almost daily from a sporting sense.
On Monday, there was a remarkable parade for the MLS champion Reds, and I couldn't help but think back to the first time I had lunch with Leiweke. He was late. He was on his phone as much as he spoke with me. His mind raced. He talked. I listened.
He wasn't sure how to fix the rancid basketball or hockey teams. But he was sure on how to fix the soccer team.
“That'll be easy,” he told me, showing me he was negotiating for a player throughout our lunch. He wouldn't tell me the name, but it was clear he was going after Jermain Defoe.
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. Head Coach greg Vanney and the Toronto FC team are greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network
2017 MLS Championship parade on the downtown streets of Toronto. The Toronto FC team is greeted by thousands at Nathan Phillip's Square on Monday December 11, 2017. Veronica Henri/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network Veronica Henri
Share: MLS champs: TFC parade Tumblr Pinterest Google Plus Reddit LinkedIn Email
You couldn't buy your way out of the basement in the NHL or NBA, necessarily, but Leiweke believed you could do it in soccer.
He went out and bought Michael Bradley and Defoe. One of those purchases worked out wonderfully. When Defoe took the money and didn't care, Leiweke did two things: He wound up exchanging Defoe for Jozy Altidore and brought in Sebastian Giovinco similarly.
What happened on Saturday night at BMO Field — Giovinco slid a skillful opening pass to Altidore, who broke in alone and scored the championship-winning goal. The two purchases from the original buy of Defoe, securing the first MLSE championship for the company Leiweke left just before Halloween in 2015.
The soccer part, as Leiweke would say — that was the easy part.
The basketball and hockey challenges were far more extensive.
Ujiri and Leiweke talked about tanking in Year 1 with the Raptors, but that never happened in 2014. In five seasons now, with Ujiri in charge, the Raptors have won 90 more games than they have lost. In the five seasons prior to his arrival, they lost more games than they have won.
At the same time, one season earlier than anticipated, Leiweke launched the “We The North” campaign, and all you have to do is walk around this city and see the T-shirts, the sweatshirts, the hats, to understand the success of that piece of marketing.
What has been clear, and is clear again as the Raptors are 17-7 in the early season, is that Ujiri has a superb managerial vision. He would have not brought his grace to Toronto had it not been for Leiweke.
The same is true of Shanahan, who chose to build the forever-treading Leafs from the foundation on up.
He wanted to find the best scout in hockey. He hired Mark Hunter.
He wanted to locate the freshest young mind in hockey. He hired Kyle Dubas.
He wanted the best coach in the game. He overspent for Mike Babcock.
And when he needed a general manager, a voice, a program builder, a franchise conscience, a mentor to him, he shocked the hockey world and pried Lou Lamoriello out of New Jersey.
He also got fortunate. This tank job worked. The Maple Leafs finished last, won the lottery, and got Auston Matthews. Now they look to be a contender for years to come.
Most of that was done after Leiweke had gone, but all of it has been managed by Shanahan, whom he believed in, whom he elevated to a position many in the hockey world thought was too much, too soon.
It was the same belief with Bezbatchenko, a former soccer player-turned-lawyer, who worked in the MLS head office. Leiweke needed someone who knew the game, knew the contract rules, knew the CBA, and would grow into the job. They worked closely together at first and, after Leiweke left, Bezbatchenko went out and acquired Victor Vasquez and drafted the goalkeeper Alex Bono — the kind of moves that maybe pushed TFC from good to great.
In the past two seasons, TFC has scored 49 goals more than their opponents. The two years before Bezbatchenko took over, they were minus-46 in scoring.
This parade on Monday wasn't a one-off. There will be other parades in the future. Leiweke no longer has to pull out the Ron Wilson piece of sarcasm about planning parade routes. TFC had its day on Monday.
Who knows when or if there will be parades for the Maple Leafs and the Raptors, but both are upper-echelon teams in the NHL and NBA. The opportunity for greatness came in the two years and seven months that Tim Leiweke ran MLSE — and ran over anyone in his way.
Toronto FC forward Sebastian Giovinco (10) and Toronto FC forward Jozy Altidore (17) celebrates Toronto FC winning MLS Cup in Toronto, Ont. on Saturday December 9, 2017. Craig Robertson/Toronto Sun
Toronto FC forward Jozy Altidore (17) beats the drum as the Toronto FC celebrate with the crowd following their win over the Seattle Sounders in the MLS Cup Final in Toronto on Saturday, December 9, 2017. Mark Blinch/THE CANADIAN PRESS
Toronto FC forward Sebastian Giovinco (10) celebrates Toronto FC wins MLS Cup in Toronto, Ont. on Saturday December 9, 2017. Craig Robertson/Toronto Sun
Toronto FC midfielder Michael Bradley, centre, hoists the MLS Cup with teammates after defeating the Seattle Sounders during MLS Cup soccer action in Toronto on Saturday, December 9, 2017. Nathan Denette/THE CANADIAN PRESS
Toronto FC defender Drew Moor (3) and Seattle Sounders defender Roman Torres (29) go up for the ball in the box during second half MLS Cup Final soccer action in Toronto on Saturday, December 9, 2017. Frank Gunn/THE CANADIAN PRESS
Toronto FC forward Jozy Altidore (17) celebrates his goal against the Seattle Sounders during second half MLS Cup Final soccer action in Toronto on Saturday, December 9, 2017. Mark Blinch/THE CANADIAN PRESS
Toronto FC fans look on prior to kick off of the 2017 MLS Cup Final between Seattle Sounders and Toronto FC at BMO Field on December 9, 2017 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Vaughn Ridley/Getty Images
Toronto FC Jozy Altidore during 1st half MLS Cup final game action against Seattle Sounders Gustav Svensson at BMO Field in Toronto, Ont. on Saturday December 9, 2017. Ernest Doroszuk/Ernest Doroszuk/Toronto Sun
Toronto FC at the locker room celebrating their MLS Cup win over the Seattle Sounders at BMO Field in Toronto, Ont. on Saturday December 9, 2017. Ernest Doroszuk/Ernest Doroszuk/Toronto Sun
Toronto FC fans celebrate their team's victory over the Seattle Sounders in MLS Cup Final soccer action in Toronto on Saturday, December 9, 2017. Frank Gunn/THE CANADIAN PRESS
Toronto FC forward Sebastian Giovinco (10) and Armando Cooper celebrate after defeating the Seattle Sounders in MLS Cup Final soccer action in Toronto on Saturday, December 9, 2017. Frank Gunn/THE CANADIAN PRESS
Toronto FC midfielder Michael Bradley, centre, hoists the MLS Cup with teammates after defeating the Seattle Sounders during MLS Cup soccer action in Toronto on Saturday, December 9, 2017. Nathan Denette/THE CANADIAN PRESS
Seattle Sounders goalkeeper Stefan Frei during 1st half action against the Toronto FC at BMO Field in Toronto, Ont. on Saturday December 9, 2017. Ernest Doroszuk/Toronto Sun
Share: Toronto FC wins its first-ever MLS Cup Tumblr Pinterest Google Plus Reddit LinkedIn Email
ssimmons@postmedia.com
The spectacle of over 24,000 teddies bears hitting Saddledome ice on Sunday night was just the start of the stuffed toys' journeys.
The generous donations by Calgarians spent the night at The Brick distribution warehouse in southeast Calgary, where more than 60 charities picked them up bright and early Monday morning to take them to deserving homes.
“Hurried bunch around here getting them all out,” southern Alberta Brick stores supervisor Bruce McRae said.
Related Stuffed animals shower down during 10th annual Edmonton Oil Kings Teddy Bear Toss
“They all disappear in just two hours. They're gone and set for their destinations throughout southern Alberta.”
READ MORE: Calgary Hitmen hand out nearly 24K teddy bears to support kids
Stephen McPhee was busy in the back of one of the trucks loading bags of teddy bears. For him, helping out with charity donations like this is dear to his heart. When he was just five years old he started the charity Stephen's Backpacks Society to help homeless families.
“These bears go to several homeless shelters and a few Native reserves,” McPhee said.
Members of the Calgary Hitmen helped charities loaded up trucks filled with bears before heading to the Alberta Children's Hospital with a delivery of their own.
Vladislav Yeryomenko scored the teddy bear goal during Sunday night's game and said he was thrilled to see the smiles on the faces of children who received a teddy the following day.
“It's beautiful, every kid smiles and we're trying to make them happy,” Yeryomenko said.
READ MORE: Hitmen fans break records in annual Teddy Bear Toss
The special jerseys worn just for Sunday night's game by Yeryomenko and his teammates will be auctioned off and proceeds will go to the Children's Miracle Network. The winner of Yeryomenko's jersey will also get the signed puck used to score the teddy bear goal.
The police has arrested a 30-year-old lawyer for allegedly assaulting his pregnant wife which led to the death of the unborn child, an official said on Wednesday.The victim, who hails from New Delhi and is also a practising lawyer, got married to the man some months back and shifted to his residence at Colaba in south Mumbai.However, soon after the marriage, the couple started having frequent fights, Deputy Commissioner of Police (Zone-I) Manojkumar Sharma said.The woman approached the Colaba police earlier this week with a complaint that her husband recently assaulted her, as a result of which she lost her 11-week-old foetus, he said.The woman further alleged that her husband had since some time been pressurising her to abort the child, based on some of his superstitious beliefs, and had also threatened her.with dire consequences, Sharma said. Based on the complaint, the police arrested the man yesterday, he said.Offences were registered against the man under IPC sections 315 (act with an intent to prevent child being born alive or to cause it to die after birth), 324 (voluntarily causing hurt), 504 (intentional insult) and 506 (criminal intimidation), the police official said.The accused was produced yesterday in a court which remanded him in police custody for two days.
BC Ferries is bracing for another busy long weekend and in an attempt to help ease congestion they are ramping up their service.
Thanksgiving is known as one of the busiest weekends for travel in B.C. Reservations for some of the more popular sailings sold out last month and by Friday morning, there were no reserved spots for any trip out of Tsawwassen.
Those who did not plan ahead would normally be forced to travel on standby but fortunately for them, BC Ferries has added 93 extra sailings over the long weekend — including rare 10 p.m. and midnight sailings this Friday night.
Not only will the ferries be busy this turkey-fuelled weekend but also the highways in B.C.
Just two weeks into autumn, there have already been signs of winter that could potentially complicate things for drivers.
In September, B.C.'s interior highways got a blast of winter in higher elevations due to a cold air mass, combined with an upper low, that saw temperatures plummet.
READ MORE: Winter tire rules go into effect Oct. 1 across B.C.: what you need to know
Heading into this long weekend, Global News senior meteorologist Mark Madryga says drivers will need to keep an eye on some mountain passes.
“There's a much cooler flow of air straight out of the Gulf of Alaska; which will likely generate some snow or mixed rain and snow showers for the mountain passes overnight tonight and into Sunday morning. I'm thinking the Coquihalla, Allison Pass [and the] Okanagan Connector — so travellers take note on that for sure.”
In addition to weather conditions, B.C. drivers this weekend are being warned to expect long delays due to two major raod and bridge construction projects on the Coquihalla between Hope and Merritt.
Traffic stoppages and slow downs are impacting both directions of Highway 5 around Great Bear Snowshed; which is about 40 kilometres north of Hope, according to DriveBC.
As a reminder, winter tire rules went into effect on Oct. 1 across the province.
For more information on the latest road conditions, check DriveBC.
~ with files from Amy Judd and Jordan Armstrong
EVEN though Wetherby's feature Towton Novices Chase has an illustrious roll of honour, today's winner will be upstaged if the preceding race is won by either Special Catch or Only Orvieto.
They will be Ruth Jefferson's first runners since her 71-year-old father Malcolm, the much respected Malton trainer, passed away yesterday after a long illness that he fought bravely.
The Jefferson stable has always excelled at the West Yorkshire track – According To Pete and Cape Tribulation won the Rowland Meyrick Chase in 2011 and 2012 respectively while Calatagan was a dual winner of the Castleford Chase in 2006 and 2007.
After jockeys wore black armbands at Catterick yesterday, flags will be flown at half-mast and a tribute will be paid to Jefferson in the winner's enclosure.
“He was a great supporter of Wetherby,” said course chairman Jonjo Sanderson. “When he was travelling head lad with Gordon W Richards, he used to bring some of the great horses here.”
His words were echoed by top trainer Jonjo O'Neill who enjoyed a long association with the Richards stable. He tweeted: “Very sad to hear about the passing of Malcolm Jefferson. Many great days were spent racing together at Gordon Richards. My thoughts are with Sue and his family.”
As for the Towton, local hopes rest with Sue Smith's second-season chaser Vintage Clouds who was fourth in last month's Welsh National after being badly hampered at a crucial stage of the contest.
The grey holds an entry in the Grand National and Danny Cook's mount qualifies for today's Grade Two race by virtue of the fact that his only win to date over the larger obstacles came as recently as last October at Aintree. “He's very well,” said Smith whose yard is in a rich vein of form. “He's a very consistent horse. He won his Bumper around Wetherby. He's in good form and we're hopeful.”
The race also features three-time Wetherby winner Ami Desbois for trainer Graeme McPherson.
A driver deliberately plowed his white Ryder rental van into a lunch-hour crowd in Toronto on Monday, killing 10 people and injuring 15 along a roughly mile-long (1.6-km) stretch of sidewalk thronged with pedestrians, police said.
Although the attack had the hallmarks of recent deadly vehicle assaults by Islamic State supporters in the United States and Europe, federal officials said it did not represent a larger threat to national security.
Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders identified the suspect as Alek Minassian, 25, who he said had not previously been known to authorities. Police, who quickly arrested Minassian, do not know his motives.
“The actions definitely looked deliberate,” Saunders told a late-night news conference close to the site of the incident in the northern section of Canada's biggest city, noting the van had been driven along sidewalks.
The brutal incident – which Prime Minister Justin Trudeau called a “tragic and senseless attack” – was one of the most violent in recent Canadian history.
Federal Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale, standing next to Saunders, said: “There would appear to be no national security connections.”
Global Television said Minassian would appear in a Toronto court at 10 am ET (1400 GMT) on Tuesday.
The attack shook the usually peaceful streets of Toronto, a major tourist destination. The city, which has a population of 2.8 million, recorded 61 murders last year.
“This kind of tragic incident is not representative of how we live and who we are,” Toronto Mayor John Tory told reporters. Downtown Toronto's iconic CN Tower, which is normally lit up in the evening, went dark on Monday evening.
[Source: Reuters]
Comments
comments
Miami: Miami Open tournament director James Blake on Monday urged tennis chiefs to rethink seeding rules after Serena Williams was handed a tough draw at this week's event in Florida.
Blake believes Williams is effectively being penalised for taking maternity leave by existing WTA tournament regulations.
The 23-time Grand Slam-winning American heads into this week's Miami Open as an unseeded player after taking 13 months off to have her first child.
Such a lengthy absence means she's currently ranked 491 and although the 36-year-old can use a protected world standing to enter up to eight tournaments during a 12-month period - thus avoiding qualifying - it does not apply to seedings.
Her comeback in Indian Wells at the start of the month was derailed in the third round when she came up against sister Venus - their earliest meeting since the second round of the Australian Open in 1998.
And now in her "home" tournament in Miami, which she has won eight times, Williams has been drawn against precocious Naomi Osaka, the Japanese 20-year-old who arrives in South Florida having lifted the Indian Wells title at the weekend for her first major honour.
Special seedings were sometimes applied to those players returning from long lay-offs but that rule was scrapped by the Women's Tennis Association (WTA).
Blake, the former US player and new tournament director of the Miami Open believes the WTA have treated Williams harshly ahead of her opener with Osaka on Wednesday.
'A kind of punishment'
"I think they are going to start talking about changing the way some seedings are done and I hope they do," Blake told AFP.
"For someone who goes on maternity break, they should be protected. These kinds of things shouldn't happen. She has won this title so many times that she needs protection.
"It's not as if she left because of injury and lost her passion for the game. She had a kid which we should all be celebrating so when she comes back there should be a grace period where she can still be seeded.
"It's a kind of punishment which is tough. I hope they revisit those talks although it will be too late for her unless she decides to have another child," Blake added.
Taking on Osaka so early in the tournament will be difficult for Williams who is understandably taking time to return to her very best.
However, Blake added: "I may be complaining about it but she never would. She is looking forward to every day as a new challenge and that's what makes her such a good champion.
"But for me, from the outside looking in, it makes sense to protect someone who goes on maternity leave and help her get the benefit of an easier draw and a better path."
Williams, who is a minority owner of the Dolphins, was all smiles as she helped unveil new plans for the Miami Open which will see the Hard Rock stadium converted into a 14,000-seater tennis arena while another 29 courts will be built in the car parks and surrounding area.
"For now I will just be a player, who knows what will happen in the future," said Williams of her role in the new-look tournament.
"I feel every week, every day I am getting better. Having a part-ownership of the tournament is something that I will look forward to. I am always trying to inspire people to dream their biggest."
Many reports coming from Saskatchewan's children's advocate deal with tragic deaths, which is why Corey O'Soup wanted to focus on the positives in his annual report.
O'Soup noted there is still a lot of work that needs to be done in education and mental health, especially for First Nations and Metis children, but said there has been “promising progress.”
“We want to be a part of solutions and I believe that education is the solution that is going to break the cycles that our kids are in. We know those cycles, drugs, alcohol, trauma, violence,” O'Soup said.
Two highlights of progress O'Soup pointed to include the Following Their Voices program in schools and mental health capacity building in schools.
For O'Soup, improving mental health services is his primary focus. He sees it as one of the best ways to avoid publishing more tragic reports.
READ MORE: Sask. children's advocate raises alarm bells over Indigenous youth suicide rate
Hand-in-hand with education, O'Soup is happy to see funding in the provincial budget for building mental health capacity in schools.
Based on an Alberta model, this would see one or two extra staff in schools to help address mental health needs to students and point families in the right direction of applicable community resources.
The Alberta model began as a pilot in 2006, and now includes 182 schools, and 74 partners. O'Soup said last year more than 20,000 evaluations took place.
“I think if we can get our pilots up and running, and get some data I think it could be a potential game-changer for us here in Saskatchewan,” O'Soup said.
O'Soup and the advocate's office have been pushing the province to introduce this model. Funding for a pilot project will be part of the $11.4 million in new mental health care spending.
However, there are budgetary drawbacks. O'Soup said there is an average two-year wait to see a child psychologist.
“I think those are times and places when we need to take a look at our budgets and the way we spend our dollars, and maybe refocus and reprioritize,” he said.
O'Soup added there is the capacity to help a child brought to the emergency room with a physical injury such as a broken leg, but when it comes to emergency mental health supports adequate care is lacking.
“They go to that same ER, that same health facility and they're waiting 10, 12, 14, 16 hours, these kids with serious mental health issues and our system sends them away and they end up in one of our reports. That's the most tragic of tragic incidents,” O'Soup said.
READ MORE: 2 Fond du Lac teens take own lives as community recovers from plane crash
O'Soup says the suicide rate for Indigenous boys aged 10-19 is six times more likely to die from suicide. That figure balloons to 26 times more likely for Indigenous girls in the same age bracket.
Education
Following Their Voices (FTV) is a program that currently exists in 26 on- and off-reserve schools, which incorporates Indigenous cultural practices into the curriculum. The goal is to build a stronger connection in the classroom with Indigenous students to help increase graduation rates.
O'Soup noted in his report the 2017 First Nations, Metis and Inuit grad rate in Saskatchewan for 2016-17 was a “shameful” 43.2 per cent, compared to 85.4 per cent for non-Indigenous students.
The 2015-16 Indigenous graduation rate was 41.8 per cent.
READ MORE: Drowning death of Saskatoon boy with autism preventable: children's advocate
O'Soup said he doesn't believe it is likely the province will achieve it's 60 per cent Indigenous graduation rate goal for 2020, but it's slowly heading in the right direction.
Another area O'Soup calls for improvement is closing the funding gap between reserve and off-reserve schools. While reserve school funding is federal jurisdiction, he wants to see reserves and the province lobby Ottawa together.
“I think were quite far along in that way. I think our government just has to take that big step and actually do it. I think many times they've said they support that, and said they may do that. But now we just have to do it,” O'Soup said.
Children in care
The amount of children under the care of the government has grown over the past five years. This covers both children in care at facilities like foster homes, and children-out-of-home-care. Social
Social Services Minister Paul Merriman attributes this increase to a wide variety of factors.
“It's not just kids being removed from the home. There's lots of wrap around services. Probably 80 per cent of our services that we have with our youth in care are wrap around services that are in the house or with a family member to make sure that child is safe, and we also want to make sure the reunification process is smooth for the child as well as the family,” Merriman said.
Merriman explained that out-of-home care entails children staying with a family member,like an aunt or uncle, or someone else in the community identified as a safe person. This lets them stay in close proximity to parents.
O'Soup said that kids in the social services system are disproportionately of First Nations descent. The minister believes improving communications channels between the ministry and First Nations communities is important, but a solution extends beyond the ministry.
“This is a community issue. It isn't just a provincial issue or federal issue. We have to have all levels of government, with our First Nations also to be at the table, and making sure we're providing the best quality care that we can,” Merriman said.
In his own office, O'Soup said they are working to build better relationships with First Nations communities. Before, O'Soup said when they called it meant there was an investigation and they were coming to “drop the hammer”. That's something he wants to move away from, and foster better collaboration.
“So when we do make that call and something bad has happened, we do have that relationship [with the First Nations communities] and any call we do make can withstand that relationship,” O'Soup said.
