Warwick's first ‘Guy of Warwick Day' has been heralded a success after hundreds of people came out to see the story of the legend come to life.
The Guy of Warwick Society, which works to keep alive the stories of Guy of Warwick, initiated the Spring Bank Holiday Monday as ‘Guy of Warwick Day' and it is set to become an annual event.
In celebration of the day the society teamed up with theatre group the Slaughterhouse Players to provide re-enactments and a procession which told the story of the legend.
The day was part of the Warwick Festival, which also took place over the weekend.
To kick off Guy of Warwick Day, the Slaughterhouse Players re-enacted Guy defeating the giant and Danish Champion, Colbrand at Guy's Cliffe House, in the presence of the new Warwick mayor, Cllr Richard Eddy.
They then re-enacted the death of Guy in his cave and the passing of the ‘Great Sword' to the mayor.
A grand medieval procession then passed through Warwick, stopping at St Mary's Church before heading to Market Square.
More than 250 spectators gathered to see the performance depicting the ‘Slaying of the Dun Cow'.
The procession then moved to the Holloway and gardens of The Globe for further performances.
WhatsApp, India's favourite messaging app is often the most irritating app on your phone too. It seems Indians are flooding WhatsApp with "good morning" messages, which are also affecting smartphones.
According to a report from Wall Street Journal, India, the fastest growing smartphone market, is obsessed with morning greetings. Google researchers in Silicon Valley found that these greetings in form of GIFs, images or videos eat up a huge chunk of your smartphone's memory.
Well, there are ways to avoid this, and here's how.
The simplest and a highly adopted way is to open your photo albums > Go To WhatsApp images folder > Delete the images you no longer need.
The second, easiest and most effective way is to tweak your WhatsApp settings. Open WhatsApp > Tap on the three dots on the top right > Settings > Data and Storage usage. Here, under the media auto-document settings, you need to uncheck all the media options in ‘when using mobile data', ‘when connected to Wi-Fi' and ‘when roaming'.
This will not only save a lot of data, but also stop unwanted media from being downloaded and saved on your device.
Try Google Files Go app
The Files Go app from Google, with your permission, accesses your phone's storage first. Once the permission is granted, it will display total occupied storage on the phone and the available storage. As you scroll down, the app shows you cards for folders like, downloaded files, Slack media, WhatsApp media and more.
It uses AI to sort duplicated or unused files and displays the amount of storage they occupy. Similar to the file manager, you can select the whole folder or individual images to free up space.
You can use the Siftr Magic Cleaner app, which is an intelligent app designed primarily to delete junk photos from WhatsApp, Hike, and more.
You can also consider Cleaner for WhatsApp, which allows you to delete WhatsApp media by a regular interval or by a storage limit. It has a very easy to use UI which collects all WhatsApp media at one place to make deleting a little easier.
This is not a method we would recommend, since cleaner apps are usually not truly useful. They add overheads on the processor and often affect the phone's overall performance.
AOC has got together with Porsche to design its latest monitor, and as you might anticipate, the results look pretty sleek to say the least.
The new display comes in two variants – the PDS241 and PDS271, which are 24-inch and 27-inch models – and it's incredibly thin at 5.2mm, sporting a frameless-on-three-sides design (i.e. there's next to no bezel, save for on the bottom edge of the monitor).
We've seen the frameless bezel trick before, and funnily enough on a Philips monitor which is exactly as slim as this offering. However, the AOC PDS certainly looks far slicker, and has another innovation in the form of a smart-looking stand which is hollow so it can be used to pipe the power and monitor cables through, for an even neater overall appearance.
As for the core specs, this is an AH-IPS panel (ensuring great viewing angles) with a resolution of 1920 x 1080 – just straight Full HD, but at least you won't need a monster graphics card to drive it.
For the best results, pair this monitor with one of the best graphics cards
Color us impressed
You also get AOC's SuperColor WCG tech, meaning that the monitor offers 100% sRGB coverage, and 90% coverage of the NTSC color space.
As it's doing with most of its monitors these days, AOC has equipped this Porsche collaboration with both flicker-free and low blue light technology to help combat eyestrain.
So how much will these PDS models set you back when they're released in June? If you want the 24-inch monitor, you're looking at an outlay of £189 (around $240, AU$320), with the 27-inch version of the display costing £259 (around $330, AU$440).
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN DIEGO -- A man accused of barging onto a school bus full of children carrying two knives was a no-show at his first scheduled court appearance Wednesday, but the man's brother spoke to FOX 5 outside the courthouse.
The brother of 37-year-old Matthew D. Barker told FOX 5 that Matthew was not a drug user, but that he might have been on "something" during the bus incident, and that the family is hoping for answers when a toxicology report from his arrest is released.
The East County man was scheduled for an arraignment Wednesday, but court officials said the proceedings were delayed for "health-related" issues.
The scary incident happened last Friday morning, when Barker is accused of carrying two knives as he forced his way onto a school bus that was taking students to Campo Elementary School in rural East County.
Deputies received calls about the attack around 8:30 a.m. near the 400 block of Jeb Stuart Road, according to San Diego County Sheriff's Department.
Sheriff's officials say it all started when the driver spotted a man running after the bus as it pulled away from a stop. The driver thought the man may have been a student's father, so they stopped the vehicle and opened their doors.
But when the man started to make his way up the bus steps, ignoring the driver's commands to stop, the driver stepped in his way to keep him from reaching the children. A struggle broke out as the attacker tried to push his way past the driver, and the man pulled out a knife. A student's grandmother and other passersby hopped on board to help the driver wrestle the man's weapon away and pull him off the bus.
Eventually deputies arrived and arrested the man, later identified as Barker, without incident. Deputies suspect he was under the influence of drugs during the incident. A second knife was recovered at the scene.
No students were harmed and the adults who fought off the suspect were uninjured.
Deputies say an older student -- 6th grader Jesus Jimenez -- helped usher the rest of the kids to the back of the bus, calling for help and eventually escaping out an emergency door. Jesus' mother Dania spoke exclusively with FOX 5. She said she was proud of her son's quick thinking, but not surprised: "He's always been like that -- he's super kind."
Students were taken to school on another bus, and the school said counseling support systems were in place for students.
Fair organizers are declaring the 62nd annual Mayerthorpe Agricultural Fair a success.
Carrying the theme of “farmers, ranchers, fair weather friends,” the Aug. 12 event highlighted agriculture throughout the Mayerthorpe area. The fair included gymkhana, agricultural exhibits and a beef show, as well as other displays from organizations throughout the community.
Terra Milburn, vice president of the Mayerthorpe Agricultural Society, said the fair went well, with good weather on the day of the event.
She said the fair is put on by the efforts of a fairly small group of people and volunteers and it's great to see it so successful.
“It's always good to see everybody's hard work. We do have very few members so it's hard to convey that to the community that it is a small fair and we are limited to what we can do,” Milburn said. “It's great to see that come off.”
She added that the fair came with some hiccups, such as a petting zoo cancelling last minute, but the agricultural society found a substitution with a reptile display.
Milburn also said that although the businesses that participated in the parade was good, she would like to see more people get involved in it.
“It was a very small parade and so we want to work on that for next year, encourage more local businesses to participate,” Milburn said.
Sylvia Krikun has volunteered at the fair's community pie booth for the past 30 years. She said the event is an important celebration of Mayerthorpe's agricultural heritage and it is important for people to work together to put on events like the fair,
“If everybody worked together we could have a really successful community with lots of successful events,” Krikun said, adding encouragement for people to get involved with volunteering. “I really encourage everybody to come to the fair and get involved, help out with volunteer activities so we can continue having exciting events in the community.”
Farmers and ranchers from throughout the area put their work on display at the event. Hundreds of agricultural items were on display for judging at bench exhibits, with the fair also featuring beef, sheep and pet shows.
Greg Chessall and his daughter participated in the beef show at the fair, displaying a cattle they had raised. He said raising it was a great experience for his family and the fair was a satisfying capstone to the effort.
“We love it and it brought our family together. It's a family-oriented event and you meet a lot of good people here as well,” Chessall said. “Rewarding to finally get here ... been looking forward to this a long time.”
Milburn could not offer attendance figures for the fair at publish time as they were still being tabulated.
She said the agricultural society has plans for major changes to the fair's structure for next year but did not want to delve into details before the group held more meetings.
“We're hoping to meet with some of our other community partners and looking at trying to combine efforts,” Milburn said. “It's time for a change and we all feel that way. We've had the same thing for a really long time, a lot of years running. Although we want to keep some traditions, we also want to change things up a bit and draw more interest that way.”
Milburn added that the efforts of volunteers and families that keep the fair running are greatly appreciated.
“Really like to thank the community and the volunteers that did come out and all the families that participated in the fair in any way. That's really important and it doesn't get unnoticed.”
Bella Thorne has never been shy about her sexuality, and that doesn't seem to be changing anytime soon. The actress, who revealed that she's bisexual last year, opened up about what it's like to date men and women in an interview with StyleCaster, and she gets super candid about the struggles when it comes to dating other girls.
"It's so hard," the former Disney star told StyleCaster. "I can't tell if a girl is trying to be best friends with me or if she wants to get with me or if she just wants social media followers."
"I don't want to make a move, and then you be like, ‘Whoa, girl. Not what I was thinking, I don't roll that way.' Then it's so awkward," she told StyleCaster. "So I end up usually dating more guys, because with guys, I know if a guy's hitting me up. They're not just texting me to be my bestie. I know they want something, of some sort."
RELATED: Bella Thorne Sits Nude on a Chair for New Photo Shoot
Regardless of whether she's interested in a guy or a girl, Thorne tries to be straightforward about whether or not she likes someone. "If I like somebody, they know," she said. "It doesn't matter if you're a guy or a girl. I'm always, like, ‘Yo, I literally would get with you. I will tell you right now. I don't want to make this awkward, but you are so hot. Please, come up on me. I want to take you on a date.'"
Thorne who has been linked to Tyler Posey and Charlie Puth, is definitely interested in dating not just casual hook ups. "I want a relationship," she revealed. Whether it's a guy or a girl, sounds like Thorne knows what she's looking for.
A $7,000 reward is being offered in hopes that it will lead to the arrest and conviction of the gunman who killed a city worker.Community activist Andrew Holmes contributed $1,000 of the reward money. The other reward money comes from various family members and community groups.Streets and Sanitation worker Terrell Jones was a passenger in a car on the South Side, near 50th Street and Ashland Avenue, Saturday night when two men got out of a dark-colored SUV and started shooting.The driver, a 27-year-old-man, sustained a graze injury to the right hand. Jones sustained multiple gunshot wounds. The victims drove to the 7th District Police Station on 63rd Street for help and were transported to Stroger Hospital, where Jones was pronounced dead.Police believe Jones, a father of three, was on his way home at the time of the incident. His family was in shock."I'm in the military. I was supposed to deploy today. But instead of that, I'm here to bury my brother, console my mother, and his wife and children," said Ernest Leggs, Jones' younger brother."Due to ongoing senseless violence in Chicago, my family has been completely destroyed. Our protector and our provider was taken from us," said his wife Shenae Wilcox-Jones.Jones' Streets and Sanitation colleagues drove their city trucks through his neighborhood to honor him Monday morning."We're asking stores to give up your surveillance video of that time of the night of this incident," Holmes said.Until someone comes forward with any clues, all Jones' family can do is pray."I love him and miss him so much," Wilcox-Jones said.Police are encouraging anyone with information about the shooting to call the confidential tip line: 1-800-U-TELL-US (1-800-883-5587).
By The Associated Press
LONDON (AP) — Budget airline Ryanair is calling on British airports to curb alcohol sales following sharp increases in the number of incidents involving disruptive passengers.
The carrier issued a statement Monday calling for a ban on alcohol sales before 10 a.m. and for limiting the number of drinks in bars and restaurants to a maximum of two.
The airline cited Civil Aviation Authority statistics showing a 600 percent increase in disruptive incidents between 2012-2016 and said most involved alcohol.
Ryanair's Kenny Jacobs says it's unfair “that airports can profit from the unlimited sale of alcohol to passengers and leave the airlines to deal with the safety consequences.”
The airline says it has taken steps to prevent disruptive behavior on its flights, including preventing consumption of duty-free alcohol purchases on board.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
EMBED >More News Videos Jack in the Box customer caught on camera telling worker in Houston to 'buy a ticket back to Mexico.'
The customer who recorded the viral Jack in the Box racist video and posted it online, told Eyewitness News that she did so because she wants to put an end to racism.The woman did not want to be identified, but she did want to share her message.The video shows a Jack in the Box customer telling a worker to "buy a ticket back to Mexico."The woman said she was eating dinner at the restaurant located on Highway 6 and 288, when a man started making offensive and racist comments towards an employee.In the video, you can hear a white male say, in part, "Buy a bus ticket back wherever you came from.""I'm Hispanic, so that was very offensive. That was uncalled for," the witness said.The incident reportedly started after the man's son was trying to get a free burger as part of a promotional deal.The father became irritated with the worker's verification process and started complaining about the employee.The woman who was recording the video said the final straw during the argument was when the man told the woman to "buy a ticket back to Mexico.""To me that was just a show of racism. It just felt as if he was saying it to me," she said.Eyewitness News reached out to Jack in the Box, but they have not returned any calls or emails.In a video posted to social media, a Jack in the Box customer was recorded telling a worker to "buy you a ticket back to Mexico."According to an eyewitness, the customer, a white male, became irate after having to wait for the worker to verify a coupon for a free hamburger. The incident happened at the restaurant on Highway 6 and 288."Hey, you are going to get fired," the customer said. "What's your name?""Maria," the worker answered."Goodbye Maria. Buy you a ticket back to Mexico," the customer stated.At that point the video stops recording."Omg! Never thought I'd experience racism so close," the eyewitness posted on Facebook.The eyewitness told Eyewitness News that her 9-year-old daughter was afraid and terrified watching the incident.She said she had to explain to her daughter what to say and "why these things are happening."
(WTNH) — News 8 viewers stuck with the tradition of sending in Report-It photos to show their Easter celebrations.
In one photo, Lucy had laser focus as she hunted for Easter eggs.
In another photo, a little one is snuggled up with that giant stuffed-animal bunny.
You can send us your photos anytime through the News 8 app or email reportit@wtnh.com.
April 20 Lam Research Corp
* Lam research enters into accelerated stock buyback agreement
* Lam research corp - to repurchase an aggregate of $500 million of company's common stock
* Lam research corp - will acquire common stock pursuant to asr agreements as part of its previously announced $1.0 billion stock repurchase program
* Lam research corp - stock repurchase program is targeted to be completed within 12 to 18 months from date of its announcement on november 18, 2016. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BOYS GOLF
Medford at WIAA Div. 2 Tomahawk sectional (Inshalla CC)
Play started at 9 a.m.
Medford players are in the sixth wave to tee off with golfers from Neillsville-Loyal and St. Croix Central.
The top two teams and top three individuals from non-qualiifying teams advance to state.
BASEBALL
WIAA regional semifinals
Div. 2
#3 Medford at #2 Rhinelander, 5 p.m.
Winner faces #4 Lakeland/#1 Mosinee winner on Wednesday. Higher seed hosts.
Follow @MattFreyMedford on Twitter for updates from Rhinelander.
Div. 5
#5 Flambeau at #1 Gilman, 5 p.m.
Winner faces #3 Thorp/#2 Owen-Withee winner on Wednesday. Higher seed hosts.
And, in the final regular-season contest of the 2017-18 school year:
Medford girls soccer at Altoona, 5 p.m.
Next: WIAA Div. 3 regional semifinals, #5 Mosinee at #4 Medford, Thursday at 5 p.m.
Thieves drove a car through the window of a Best Buy in Skokie in a burglary early Wednesday.Skokie Police arrived on the scene in the Village Crossing Shopping Center in the 5400 block of Touhy Avenue at about 3 a.m. and found a car crashed through the front window of the store. Officers saw two other vehicles, a white Buick Enclave SUV and a dark gray Volkswagen fleeing the shopping center eastbound.Police said the Buick ran a red light at Niles Center Road and struck a police car. After the crash, the driver of the Buick jumped into the Volkswagen, which fled southbound on the Edens Expressway.All three cars involved in the burglary were reported stolen out of Chicago, police said.The investigation is ongoing. Anyone with information is asked to call the Skokie Police Department at (847) 982-5900.
Fewer companies wound up operations in Cayman last year as opposed to 2016.
These are the findings of the Offshore Corporate Insolvency Restructuring Annual Review 2017 compiled by Appleby's.
For 2017 40 companies filed insolvency petitions in the Cayman's jurisdiction, as opposed to 70 in 2016.
Dispute resolution partner at the firm, Tony Heaver-Wren, says decreases or increases in insolvency petition filings are more likely to affect insolvency and restructure professionals and not the wider economy.
This is because the firms winding up are international and are not Caymanian.
“Very few of the petition filings have been for local enterprises. Instead, they are enterprises based around the world that are structured through Cayman and so that there is not really a negative, it is in fact very much a positive for Cayman,” Mr. Heaver-Wren said.
Mr. Heaver-Wren foresees an economic correction within the next two years, which means difficult economic times and therefore more insolvency petitions.
He said this will increase the workload for insolvency and restructuring professionals, as well as, give young Caymanians in law school, the opportunity to gain experience in the field.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A suspicious man claiming to be from a "communist organisation" attempted to gain entry into a Cambridgeshire home in a bizarre attempt at distraction burglary.
Wearing a beanie hat and with his face half-covered, the suspect attempted to gain entry to the home in Hilton and then refused to leave the doorstep.
The resident did not allow the man inside and called police who launched a hunt.
A force spokesman said: “Police received a report of suspicious behaviour by a man who knocked on the door of a house on Scotts Crescent, Hilton, at around 8.30pm on Saturday, February 11.
“The man, who was wearing a beanie hat and a black scarf that covered his lower face, stated that he represented a “communist organisation” and asked to be let into the house.
“When entry was refused he at first would not leave, but then did so when the residents threatened to call the police. Officers quickly arrived and searched the area but could not locate the man.”
Police have now issued a warning about distraction burglary.
A police spokeswoman said: “A distraction burglar is someone who gains access to your property by distracting or tricking their way in and then steals cash or valuables.
“If you're not sure, don't open the door and never let people you don't know into your home.
“Report anything suspicious to us on 101 and you feel that you are in danger call 999.”
A group of concerned residents are camping out at the proposed Paradise development at Thundering Waters to protest the $1.5 billion project they say could destroy a rich ecosystem.
"Niagara region has already lost more than 90 per cent of its wetlands and forests to development," said organizer Owen Bjorgan. "Why are we messing around with the remaining ten?"
The group, which set up camp along a trail on Dorchester Road near the Chippawa Parkway on Sunday night, want the province to acquire the private land to prevent it from present and future development.
GR (CAN) Investment Co. Ltd. bought 484 acres of property west of Marineland and adjacent to Thundering Waters Golf Club two years ago, and is planning a mixture of residential, commercial, retail and entertainment uses as part of a development known as Paradise.
The development has been bogged down by provincially significant wetlands that cover about half of the property
"The issue here is complicated as to what's going to happen to this land because there are many stakeholders, which we can all appreciate and empathize with," Bjorgan said.
"The investors got the green light prematurely to throw money down on this property. Now some of the investors, and local politicians, are back peddling to an extent because the local people and science have raised concerns over the economic significance of this property."
Biodiversity offsetting was suggested as a way to deal with the issue, which would see the wetlands moved, or recreated somewhere else.
Bjorgan said that idea simply won't work.
"Developing around significantly wetlands isn't necessarily protecting them," he said. "That's kind of misleading in the sense that you end up boxing in species of plants and animals that make this property as biodiverse as it is. There will be species inbreeding, the ecosystem will run out of resources and the water quality becomes contaminated."
Several people were at the camp site Monday afternoon.
"We encourage people to stop by and ask questions," Bjorgan said, adding the group plans to occupy the site for the next six days. "We're off to a good start and I hope it snowballs."
A Niagara Regional Police spokesperson said late Monday afternoon they were aware of the protest but “have no involvement at this point.”
Niagara Falls Mayor Jim Diodati was also aware of the occupation.
“I'm really not to sure what I can say about protesters illegally trespassing on private property,” he said.
Sports columnist Bob Brookover joined the Inquirer in 2000 as the Phillies beat writer after long stints in the same role with the Camden Courier-Post and the Delaware County Daily Times. He also served as the National League columnist for ESPN. He made the move from rawhide to pigskin in 2003 and covered the Eagles for seven years before returning to his roots as the Inquirer 's baseball columnist in 2010. He became a general sports columnist in 2013 and loves covering a variety of sports and events.
READING — The Phillies have developed a pipeline with Dallas Baptist University, a small private school with a big baseball reputation. The farm-system headliners right now from coach Dan Heefner's Patriots are Darick Hall and Austin Listi, two power-hitters that have recently been promoted from high-A Clearwater to double-A Reading.
Hall, a first baseman, was a 14th-round pick in 2016 after hitting 20 home runs during his junior year at Dallas Baptist. He has hit 57 more home runs in 256 minor-league games. That same year, the Phillies took outfielder David Martinelli in the sixth round and infielder Cam Duzenack in the 23rd round. Martinelli was released in April and Duzenack did not sign with the Phillies.
If it was not clear then that the Phillies had a fondness for DBU players, then it was last year when they used their 17th-round pick on Listi. The trend continued this year when they took Patriots reliever Eric White in the 24th round.
“They seem to like us,” Listi said.
The best big-leaguer to come out of Dallas Baptist is Ben Zobrist, who is still going strong with the Chicago Cubs at the age of 37.
It is Hall and Listi who have the best chance of getting to Philadelphia some day. Hall, who turns 23 later this month, legitimatized his prospect status last summer when he hit a franchise record 27 home runs for low-A Lakewood on his way to earning the title of South Atlantic League MVP.
>> READ MORE: Phillies top Orioles behind Zach Eflin's gem, Maikel Franco's big play
“I actually didn't hit very many home runs growing up,” Hall said. “I only hit three in high school. I was always just a good hitter. I knew when I hit home runs I had power, but I didn't know how to repeat it. When I went to DBU, what we were taught and learned through repetition was being able to put better swings on the ball more consistently. That let the power come out.”
Hall finished last year at Clearwater, where he hit two more home runs in seven games and his power triggered a friendly debate between Reading manager Greg Legg and Clearwater manager Shawn Williams during spring training.
“We would play Group 1 against Group 2 before the players were assigned teams and I would tell Shawn that he was Darick ‘Double-A' Hall,” Legg said.
Williams, however, got to have Hall for the start of the season and the 6-foot-4, left-handed hitting slugger picked up where he left off last year, slamming 11 homers and driving in 35 runs in 48 games, which earned him a June 1 promotion to Reading. Twenty-two games into his double-A career, he was hitting .273 with six home runs and 24 RBIs.
Lately, however, Hall has encountered his first major challenge in professional baseball. He was 2-for-30 in his last eight games through Tuesday and his overall average was down to .220. The two hits, however, were both home runs, giving him 19 overall this season.
“These guys up here are smarter about the shift,” Hall said. “I've hit against the shift since I've been in pro ball, but the thing they do up here is they pitch to it. What they try to do to me is they go soft away. You don't see too many guys hitting rifles to the opposite field against curveballs. I just have to do a better job of looking for off-speed pitches rather than reacting to it.”
Listi owns the school record at Dallas Baptist with 53 career home runs and he has 13 so far this season. Like Hall, he opened the season in Clearwater. He had to wait until June 19 for his promotion to Reading. He left Clearwater batting .344 with nine home runs and 45 RBIs in 58 games. In his first 16 games at Reading he has hit .344 with four home runs and 17 RBIs.
>> READ MORE: Matt Klentak, Phillies will be buyers at the trade deadline
“They're both growing as hitters, but I think Listi has adjusted already,” Legg said. “Hall, as a power guy, you have to live with those stretches of him driving in 12 runs in four or five games and then you might have three or four games where he's not doing it. But then he gets hot again and at the end of that month when you do the math the numbers are huge.”
At 24, the 6-foot, 218-pound Listi is a year older than Hall even though he was drafted a year later. That's because Listi took a year off in an effort to become a Navy SEAL following his sophomore season at Dallas Baptist.
“I loved every minute I was in,” he said. “You have to get drafted into that stuff. I was in a training group for it. I didn't serve or anything. I did it for four or five months, but then I decided I wanted to get married and that is not a life for a family man.”
Hall also had a side story at Dallas Baptist.
“He was our Saturday starter,” Listi said. “He was very good. He threw 88 to 91 with his fastball, but he had a foot and a half of sink. There wasn't a pitch he threw straight. I think he could go out there on the mound right now and compete.”
The Phillies like him just fine as a first baseman. Listi, meanwhile, alternates between playing first base, left field and right field, which is something he has done since his college days. Together, the two former college teammates have hit a combined 32 home runs this season. They have also given the Phillies good reason to love their Dallas Baptist pipeline.
Have your say
The Lol Goodman Band is live at Clowne Rock & Blues Club this weekend.
In various different guises, formats and line-ups, The Lol Goodman Band has existed for nearly 20 years.
The band has the kind of sound and feel first formed in the towns and cities of the USA and adopted by the great British bands of the late 60's and early 70's.
Their latest Clowne appearance is at the Community Centre on Sunday, August 20.
Details are at http://www.clownebluesclub.co.uk/
click to enlarge Jonathan Stout
City Paper's Bad Jon photography grabbed some killer Polaroid shots backstage (and out front) and gave them back to the artists as sweet little souvenirs.
Stick & Poke Tattoos by Casey Jane
click to enlarge Luke Mitchell
The High Divers' husband-and-wife members/vocalists Luke Mitchell and Mary Alice Connor commemorated High Water stick-and-poke style.
click to enlarge Provided
Magic by Casey Magic
Portraits by Sully Sullivan
Vintage lounges by The French Eclectic
click to enlarge The French Eclectic
HIgh Water artist Nicole Atkins kicks back on The French Eclectic's handiwork
Beers via Chug-A-Lug Wagon
Instagram
According to Chug-a-Lug Wagon owner Theresa Wolf (here with ShoRo's Cary Ann Heart), the idea for the Chug-a-Lug Wagon came after working in the event staging industry for years.
Seaborne Oyster Co. bar
click to enlarge Kelly Rae Smith
Seaborne Oyster Co also shucked their goodies at the Low Tide Social, Friday's High Water kickoff party.
High Water Festival is over, but we're still swooning — and from the sound of it, the featured artists probably are, too.The Shovels & Rope-curated fest had a backstage bonanza of treats, from stick-and-poke tattoos to lush vintage lounges. Here are some of the ways ShoRo made their people feel pretty baller backstage.High Water artists like the High Divers' Luke Mitchell and Mary Alice Connor as well as SUSTO's Dries Vandenberg were all about the stick-and-poke tats by Casey Jane happening backstage.Mitchell's commemorates the High Divers' last-minute addition to Sunday's lineup with a small snippet of waves seen in the festival's branding.Self-described DIY punk-rock magician Casey Magic is based in North Carolina but can be seen any ol' place his close-up magic takes him, including backstage at High Water. Artist Rhett Miller didn't perform at High Water, but check the below pic as 'regrammed' by Casey, in which Miller praises ShoRo for upping the ante at High Water with backstage brilliance.Local photographer Sully Sullivan put together a stunning portrait station backstage, featuring a shack sunken in water, the rooftop being all that remains.Artists and their friends and family had the opportunity to be captured by Sullivan.We gave The French Eclectic a shoutout in last year's Best Of Charleston issue, and High Water's hip to the local company's insanely gorgeous aesthetic, too — the artist lounges were beautifully curated by the vintage/specialty rental company. Here's (above) High Water artist Nicole Atkins having a leisurely hang in one of their specially erected scenes. Chug-A-Lug Wagon is an adorable new, wonderfully twee vehicle to hit the Charleston streets, and it was parked beneath the oaks over the weekend with Lagunitas beers on tap.Nothing says spoil-the-artists more than a bar of freshly shucked oysters from Seaborne Oyster Co., who were backstage shucking the good stuff on the spot.
Five-Star Movement leader Luigi Di Maio meets reporters at the Italian parliament, in Rome, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Italy will take more time to try to form a government rather than head for another election in order to avoid the risk of more financial market turmoil, the premier-designate said Wednesday. The two populist parties that got the most votes in the March 4 election failed to create a government over the weekend after President Sergio Mattarella vetoed their proposed economy minister. (Fabio Frustaci/ANSA via AP)
Five-Star Movement leader Luigi Di Maio meets reporters at the Italian parliament, in Rome, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Italy will take more time to try to form a government rather than head for another election in order to avoid the risk of more financial market turmoil, the premier-designate said Wednesday. The two populist parties that got the most votes in the March 4 election failed to create a government over the weekend after President Sergio Mattarella vetoed their proposed economy minister. (Fabio Frustaci/ANSA via AP)
MILAN (AP) - Financial markets have calmed amid signs that Italy may avoid imminent elections after President Sergio Mattarella gave two populist parties time to figure out whether they can agree on an alternative to a euroskeptic economy minister.
The leader of the 5-Star Movement, Luigi Di Maio, has proposed moving the contested ministerial candidate to a different Cabinet post. League leader Matteo Salvini, meanwhile, said he isn't closing the doors on any solution. But he's also showing some resistance to the change, saying "if someone in Berlin or Paris wakes up in a bad mood that doesn't mean that an Italian minister gets kicked out."
Mattarella gave the leaders time to form a coalition government after markets plunged on news of an interim administration that would take Italy to new elections.
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Award season is upon us and this morning (Dec. 10), the Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA) announced nominees for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards. A handful of music stars earned nominations for the event, which will honor 2017's best in film and television.
Related: Snoop Dogg, Carrie Underwood, Mary J. Blige, Ice-T, Others to Receive Star on Hollywood Walk of Fame
Mary J. Blige scored twin nods for the Netflix release Mudbound. In addition to a Best Song nomination for “Mighty River,” the hip-hop/soul legend earned a nod for Best Supporting Actress. The singer's breakout performance in the film may lead to an Oscar nomination in the New Year.
Mariah Carey joins Blige in the Best Song category for “The Star,” her contribution to the soundtrack from the film of the same name. “This Is Me” from The Greatest Showman, “Remember Me” from Coco and “Home” from Ferdinand round out the category. “Home” was performed by Nick Jonas.
Radiohead's Jonny Greenwood earned a nomination for Best Original Score, for Phantom Thread composition.
Director Guillermo del Toro's The Shape of the Water led this year's Globe nominations with seven. Steven Spielberg's Watergate drama The Post earned six, along with Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.
ISTANBUL (AP) — Turkey's state news agency says that Turkish authorities have arrested and charged a suspected Islamic State group member with killing two Syrian journalists in Turkey in 2015.
Anadolu Agency said Monday that a Turkish court charged Muaz El Ahsin with murder for allegedly slitting the throats of Ibrahim Abdul-Qadir and Fares Hamadi. Both were journalists for the “Raqqa is being slaughtered silently” collective, a group publicizing atrocities in the Syrian city under IS rule.
Police detained Ahsin on Aug. 11 while he was trying to cross into Turkey illegally, according to Anadolu. A court later ordered him officially arrested on murder charges.
Anadolu said that Ahsin fled to Syria after the killings on Oct. 29, 2015. Anadolu said that police were still searching for other suspects.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dry January is OVER so it's back to the good ol' drinking days.
Are you bored of the usual drinking spots? Is your local watering hole suffering a drought?
We've taken a look at some of the city's bars that can only be found if you look hard enough.
To get into some of them, you'll even need to find their secret entrance first.
Here are five hidden bars in Cambridge that you might not have known about- but don't tell too many people, or they might not be so hidden for long.
Hidden Rooms, Jesus Lane
(Image: David Johnson)
The name just about says it all.
This swanky bar is a must-visit for people who like to add a touch of class to their mid-week drinking.
Selling £3 drinks and £6 cocktails Tuesday to Friday until 9pm, this is a brilliant starter for a night out on the tiles, or drinking location for an after-work gossip.
The Hopbine
(Image: Keith Heppell)
Alright it's not exactly hidden, and it is bright orange, but it's certainly off the beaten track.
The rowdy boozer is a brilliant place to spend the evening if you're looking for good quality drinks and brilliant food.
We highly recommend the hot rock steak.
Baroosh, Market Passage
(Image: Keith Jones)
Baroosh is the worst kept secret in Cambridge.
Hidden down Market Passage away from the bustling footfall, this trendy cocktail bar offers up several floors of fun.
Enjoy cocktails, music and even a boogie woogie should the mood take you.
Ta Bouche, Market Passage
(Image: Keith Jones)
Opposite Baroosh is Ta Bouche- confusing right?
This relaxed dining and drinking bar is open until the wee hours every night of the week (apart from Sunday- have a rest you party animal.)
This groovy bar transforms from sophisticated lunch spot to buzzing cocktail bar with great music and delicious drinks.
It is a go-to for cocktail lovers and party people in Cambridge.
Kuda, Sidney Street
(Image: David Johnson)
Who'd have thought there'd be a glitzy and groovy nightclub tucked away under Waterstones?
Not us, but hey that's why it's hidden.
Formerly known as Life, you'd have to be really searching to spot this hidden gem.
Ballare, Petty Cury
(Image: Richard Patterson.)
Cambridge has got a thing from propping up nightclubs in unassuming locations.
Petty Cury is just somewhere you go when you want to get free tasters of fruit tea from Whittard right?
Wrong.
It's also home to the moving, grooving, bumping, grinding night spot Ballare.
D'Arry's, King Street
(Image: Warren Gunn)
We love D'Arry's for many reasons. Firstly it's dimly lit, cool and actually very pretty.
With walls lined with wine bottles and low hanging light fittings, D'Arry's is an excellent choice if you're looking to enjoy a tipple somewhere slightly different.
It also has a delicious kitchen that serves a whole range of tasty food from lunch through until dinner.
You can even enjoy a decadent Sunday roast.
1815 Union Bar, Bridge Street
It might be the student union but that doesn't mean you can't enjoy it too.
The walls are lined with signed photographs of the bar's famous guests, including Robert Downey Junior and Buzz Aldrin.
The menu consists of your favourite hot drinks, a great selection of craft beer, gin, wine, and most importantly, speciality cocktails.
The bar is named after the founding year of the Cambridge Union.
MILWAUKEE - Matty Gonzales' clear, blue eyes looked straight ahead as he told the story. Even before he allowed himself to share the more horrific details, the torment swimming in those eyes was apparent. The popular Milwaukee musician went to hell and back last year.
Gonzales traveled to Abu Dhabi last April to do IT work on a cruise ship bound for Singapore and Spain. It was work to be done whils ship was at sea. With a wide range of technical skills, Gonzales has done similar work in ports of call across the globe. The assignment wasn't expected to be any more or less exciting than his previous journeys.
He was only supposed to be in Abu Dhabi for six hours. That illusion vanished, though, when officers at the security entry point found the prescribed pain medicine Tramadol in his bag.
“Next thing I know, I'm being transported in a paddy wagon ,basically,” he said with a look of disbelief. “It was just a van, but we were shackled. I was like, ‘this isn't good.'”
Soon, Gonzales found himself in a jail.
“As soon as we got to the jail, I was freaking out,” he said.
It was there in the lockup that his captors presented him with a document scrawled entirely in Arabic that they asked him to sign.
“As far as I was concerned, they were trying to get me to confess to smuggling twenty pounds of heroin or something so they could execute me. Like, I didn't know,” he said.
Gonzales made a vow.
“I'm not signing that. I'm just not,” he said.
That's when Gonzales ended up in a dark room, beneath intense lights, surrounded by men wearing surgical masks. He says he was subjected to electrical shocks and waterboarding.
“It's a lot worse than I ever imagined actually. You're drowning,” Gonzales said of the waterboarding. “Maybe it was ignorance, but I just always thought, ‘well that's not quite torture.'”
Gonzales didn't find out until later, the document his captors wanted him to sign was merely an acknowledgment of the charges against him.
Gonzales was moved from jail to a desert prison. He shared a cell designed for five prisoners with 19 others. Daytime temperatures were often well above 100 degrees.
And the prisoners weren't the only inhabitants of the desert dungeon.
“The bugs, the rats,” he said. “I woke up the first night with a rat on my forehead, and the bugs ... they're just crawling all over you constantly. That's when I would scream.”
As Gonzales remained locked up, his sister launched an aggressive social media campaign to free her brother. Denil reached out to U.S. Senators Tammy Baldwin (D) Wisconsin and Marco Rubio (R) Florida.
She also made countless trips to the Middle East to participate in court hearings in the hopes of obtaining her brother's freedom. Despite her efforts, Gonzales was sentenced to two years in the desert prison.
To call the experience hellish isn't an overstatement. Case in point, one of Gonzales's cellmates was a Type 1, insulin-dependent diabetic. He had been in the prison for over a year, and guards were well aware of his needs. Despite that fact, Gonzales says the guards arbitrarily decided to deny the man his insulin for an extended period of time.
“Died right in front of us,” Gonzales said. “The next morning, as if to prove their indifference to our humanity, they handcuffed his corpse and dragged him, just dragged him out, head bouncing down the concrete steps.”
Gonzales still isn't sure what happened that ultimately resulted in his freedom. He mentioned the efforts of Rubio and Baldwin. Denil's social media campaign was also successful in attracting the attention of media outlets.
“Mr. Gonzales' family contacted our office for help, so we reached out to the Trump Administration to bring this case to their attention and express concerns,” read a statement from Baldwin's office Thursday. “Senator Baldwin is pleased that her office could play a role in his safe return home to his friends and family.”
However it happened, in late June, Gonzales arrived at Chicago's O'Hare Airport to a warm embrace from his sister. That was followed a few days later by a big celebration and fundraiser at the Nomad World Pub downtown. Denil and Gonzales estimate the court costs, lawyer fees and travel expenses incurred exceeded $120,000.
Gonzales has no intention of abandoning his wanderlust. He has been a world traveler for much of his adult life. He is, however, crossing Abu Dhabi off his list.
“I don't know,” he said thoughtfully. “I'm hesitant to say just don't go there, but don't go there.”
Just a few days ago, we found speculation that the Intel Core i9 was coming to the mainstream as part of the 9th-generation Intel Core family. But, now it looks like Intel has made the 9th generation official in its latest microcode revision.
Intel's 9th generation Core family will be coming to market by the end of the year, according to official listings found by Wccftech. While we've already seen some speculation about the Core i9 and i7 chips, this listing is notable because, while it doesn't include the higher-end chips, it does include the quad-core i3 chips that were missing from that earlier leak.
So, it looks like Coffee Lake-S is going to be a full blown generation, meant to give Ryzen 2nd Generation some competition.
However, it's odd that the leaked processors from last week didn't get an official listing. The octa-core Core i9-9900K and hexa-core i7-9700K are still without final specs, even though we believe they will be part of this generation at some point. The rumored 8-core, 16-thread Core i9-9900K will be necessary for giving AMD's Ryzen 7 2700X some competition.
By the numbers
These new processors are confirmed to be a refresh of the Coffee Lake architecture, which makes us think Cannon Lake is further off than we once thought. And, while we didn't get confirmation of the high-end Core i9 and i7 we've seen rumored earlier, there were seven new processors listed in Intel's document:
Core i5-9600K: 6 cores, 6 threads, clocked at 3.7GHz to 4.5GHz
6 cores, 6 threads, clocked at 3.7GHz to 4.5GHz Core i5-9600: 6 cores, 6 threads, clocked at 3.1GHz to 4.5GHz
6 cores, 6 threads, clocked at 3.1GHz to 4.5GHz Core i5-9500: 6 cores, 6 threads, clocked at 3.0GHz to 4.3GHz
6 cores, 6 threads, clocked at 3.0GHz to 4.3GHz Core i5-9400T: 6 cores, 6 threads, clocked at 1.8GHz to 3.4GHz
6 cores, 6 threads, clocked at 1.8GHz to 3.4GHz Core i5-9400: 6 cores, 6 threads, clocked at 2.9GHz to 4.1GHz
6 cores, 6 threads, clocked at 2.9GHz to 4.1GHz Core i3-9100: 4 cores, 4 threads, clocked at 3.7GHz
4 cores, 4 threads, clocked at 3.7GHz Core i3-9000: 4 cores, 4 threads, clocked at 3.7GHz
We were initially thinking that Intel would be getting rid of the quad-core model with the Coffee Lake-S refresh, but it looks like that was unfounded, as there are two Core i3 models with this traditional core count. This listing also solidifies six cores as the new mainstream processor.
This refresh will add some of the features present in the Coffee Lake-H laptop processors, like 802.11ac Wi-Fi and support for up to six Thunderbolt 3 ports – but motherboard manufacturers will have to add in support for that technology.
What's even more impressive is the fact that while maintaining the same core counts and TDPs, these 9th-generation Intel Core processors manage to slightly boost clock speeds. And, while this won't be enough to justify Coffee Lake owners to go out and upgrade, it should convince some people with older processors.
New Delhi: Congress leader P Chidambaram on Monday said former PM Manmohan Singh is "absolutely right in demanding an apology from Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his "outrageous" allegations regarding a meeting with a Pakistani leader and a diplomat.
"Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is absolutely right in demanding an apology for the outrageous allegation made on Sunday against him, former Vice President (Hamid Ansari) and other distinguished former civil servants," Chidambaram said in a tweet.
Earlier, Chidambaram attacked Modi for levelling allegations against his predecessor Manmohan Singh and Ansari during the Gujarat election campaign.
"Is winning an election so important that such allegations can be made against a former Prime Minister and a former Vice President?" Chidambaram tweeted.
Chidambaram said the Bharatiya Janata Party's campaign in Gujarat in the last few days, especially on Sunday, had gone "beyond bizarre". "Should a political party go to any length to win an election?"
The former Union Minister was referring to Modi's insinuation at a public meeting on Sunday in Gujarat that Singh and Ansari attended a dinner at Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar's house where a former Pakistan Foreign Minister and the current High Commissioner of that country in India were also present.
Modi claimed that the guests at Aiyar's house, including Manmohan Singh, Ansari, and former Army chief General Deepak Kapoor, discussed the Gujarat polls with Pakistan's High Commissioner to India and former Pakistani Foreign Minister Khurshid Kasuri, among others, suggesting that the Congress was conspiring with Pakistani leaders to prevent the BJP from winning the state elections.
Photo: Anthony Behar / Sipa USA
By Hayden Wright
The holidays are a time for gathering with friends, family, and — if you're Lady Gaga — the Haus of Gaga. The Joanne singer and her creative team celebrated Christmas with an array of “naughty elf” costumes this weekend. Gaga's sister dressed up as Mrs. Claus and the “Born This Way” hitmaker dubbed herself “Mistress Claus.”
Related: Lady Gaga Sends Prayers to California Wildfire Victims
Wearing long, pointy ears and a green bodysuit, Gaga merged the festive with the provocative. Her squad explored the theme in felt tree costumes, velvet capes and other campy fashions of the North Pole.
“We love you and wish you lots of cheers and no tears!” Gaga captioned the Instagram album. The singer is currently on tour promoting Joanne and preparing for the 2018 release of the film A Star Is Born. It was recently announced that Gaga would use her given name—Stefani Germanotta—in credits for the film.
Gaga wishes you a Merry Christmas and a happy New Year, here:
Are you on the naughty or nice list this year? #holiday #holidayparty #merrychristmas #happyholidays #naughty #nice #ladygaga #gaga A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Dec 10, 2017 at 9:17pm PST
Happy Holidays from the #HausOfGaga. We love you and wish you lots of cheers and no tears! 🎄🎅🤶 #holiday #ladygaga #gaga #party photo by @alex.j.dolan A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Dec 10, 2017 at 8:12pm PST
Rooftop season is here! Grab your shades, because we've put together a list of some of the hottest rooftop bars and restaurants in Chicago.In alphabetical order:100 W. Monroe St.122 W. Monroe St.1375 W. Lake St.2018 W. North Ave.203 N. Wabash Ave.2033 W. North Ave.12 S. Michigan Ave.201 E. Delaware1177 N. Elston15 W. Illinois St.4750 N Lincoln Ave.1924 W. Chicago Ave.233 East Ontario St.1816 N Clark St.85 E. Wacker Drive800 N. Michigan Ave.327 S. Plymouth Court1 W. Wacker Dr.1300 N. Dearborn St.201 N. State St.952 W. Addison St.130 E. Randolph St.401 N. Wabash Ave.2018 W. North Ave.3554 N. Clark St.Multiple locations near Wrigley Field
Has it really been 25 years since we had to say goodbye to Norm, Cliff and Woody?
Has it been 25 years since Sam Malone closed down the Cheers bar for the final time and one of the most popular TV shows of all time went to rerun heaven?
Believe it or not, yes.
May 20 marked the 25th anniversary of the final episode of “Cheers,” arguably the most popular sitcom of the 1980s and a show ranked No. 18 on TV Guide's list of The Greatest TV Shows of All-Time.
The final show brought in 93.5 million viewers and was the most-watched single episode of any television series on U.S. television in the 1990s.
Despite ending a quarter-century ago, the show is still syndicated and is also on Netflix, giving fans a chance to go back into the world of that bar where “everybody knows your name.”
So what are the cast members up to these days?
Let's check in and find out.
Ted Danson
Character: Sam Malone. The owner of the bar (for all but three seasons), a bartender despite being a recovering alcoholic and a former Major League pitcher for the Boston Red Sox who was famous for being a ladies man. The lead star of the show and an original cast member, it was Danson's announcement that the 1992-93 season would be his last on the show that led to it ending for good. The rest of the cast wanted to continue on and the public still loved the show, but Danson simply wanted to move on to something different and producers felt the show couldn't go on without him.
After Cheers/present: Danson continued to be a prominent actor, starring in shows such as “Becker,” “Damages” and “Crime Scene Investigation” among others. Now 70, Danson currently stars in the NBC television series “The Good Place.”
George Wendt
Character: Norm Peterson. Was an obese, beer-guzzling patron who sat on a corner stool, had a high bar tab, was always on the lookout for a job and constantly tried to avoid his wife, who never made an appearance on the show.
After Cheers/present: Now 69, Wendt played minor roles in a variety of TV shows and acted on stage in the past 25 years, but obviously could never duplicate the niche he found playing Norm Peterson.
Rhea Perlman
Character: Carla Tortelli. The sassy waitress was always one to rip on others with jokes, talk about her sex drive and bemoan about what troublemakers her kids were. But she was always loyal to the bar and to Sam as a boss.
After Cheers/present: Now 70, Perlman, who was married to Danny DeVito for 35 years before separating last year, is like Wendt in that she has played minor roles in various television shows and films. But just like Wendt, it was nearly impossible to top her role as Carla on "Cheers," which saw her win four Emmy Awards for Outstanding Supporting Actress.
Shelly Long
Character: Diane Chambers. Was an intellectual college student who took a job at Cheers after her fiancé dumped her there while they hung out at the bar before they flew to Barbados for the wedding. (The fiancé went back to his ex-wife). Chambers was an “I am woman hear me roar” type who somehow connected with womanizer Sam Malone despite their obvious personality differences. Their on-again, off-again relationship was supposed to end in marriage until Diane left Sam to pursue a writing career. Diane also left Frasier Crane at the altar when the two were supposed to wed in Europe.
After Cheers/present: An original cast member who won an Emmy for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for her role on the show, one of the most talked about subjects surrounding "Cheers" is whether the now 68-year-old Long made the right career move when she decided to leave the show after five seasons. She cited a desire to spend more time with family and pursue a film career, but she had modest success while "Cheers" became legendary.
John Ratzenberger
Character: Cliff Clavin. Was a geeky postal worker who seemingly knew everything about every subject in life, Clavin was both hysterical and annoying with his knowledge about the most minute of things. While appearing on an episode of “Jeopardy,” Clavin won $22,000 before losing it all in Final Jeopardy after blowing a question and foolishly betting all his money.
After Cheers/present: Cliff Clavin is a character that will never be duplicated, so the 71-year-old Ratzenberger will always be known for that. But he has enjoyed success as a voiceover in movies such as “Monsters University” “Finding Dory” and “Cars 3.”
Kirstie Alley
Character: Rebecca Howe. Was a gold-digging woman who longed to marry someone rich, but ultimately married a plumber when the show ended. Howe ran the bar after Sam Malone sold it to a corporation. After Malone bought it back for 85 cents by snitching on Howe's rich fiance, Robin Colcord, who was using Howe to get insider secrets on the company that owned the bar, Howe stayed on as a bar manager working for Malone.
After Cheers/present: Alley initially found success after "Cheers," receiving Emmy and Golden Globe nominations for her role as Veronica Chase on the sitcom “Veronica's Closet.”
In 2011, Alley (who is now 67) was a contestant on “Dancing with the Stars,” but she hasn't been seen much in the acting world since.
Kelsey Grammer
Character: Frasier Crane. Was the articulate, well-educated psychiatrist who showed that even the most sophisticated of people need to sometimes unwind with a drink or two, and he blended in well with the less-educated characters at the bar such as Norm and Cliff.
After Cheers/present: Frasier Crane stayed in the American television spotlight for 12 more years after "Cheers" ended, since the character was the focal point of the "Cheers" spinoff “Frasier.” This time though, Crane was a radio talk show host in Seattle who moved from Boston and hung out with his brother and father instead of the folks at Cheers. After Frasier ended in 2004, the now 63-year-old Grammer shifted into producing various TV shows, including “Boss” and “Partners.”
Woody Harrelson
Character: Woody Boyd. Joined the cast following the real-life death of original cast member Nicholas Colasanto, who played bartender Coach, Boyd was hired as the new bartender. He was a gullible and off-center figure who often failed to understand the most basic situations and jokes. But he was sweet and polite to the bone, calling everyone at the bar “Mr.” or “Ms.”
After Cheers/present: In the later years of "Cheers," Harrelson became quite a movie star, gaining fame for roles in “White Men Can't Jump,” “Indecent Proposal,” “Kingpin,” and “The Hunger Games,” among many others. The 56-year-old also plays a role in the upcoming movie “Solo: A Star Wars Story.”
All images courtesy of Getty Images
Graham Media Group 2018
— Main Menu — About Us - Our Mission - Bishop David M. O'Connell, C.M. - - Biography - - From the Bishop - - Year of Mercy Pastoral Letter - - The Shepherd's Voice - Our Diocese Today - Our Promise to Protect - Offices & Ministries - - Personnel Directory - Our History - Cathedral of St. Mary of the Assumption - Contact / Directions - THE STATUTES of the FOURTH SYNOD of the DIOCESE OF TRENTON - Employment Parish Life - Parish Directory - - Burlington County - - Mercer County - - Monmouth County - - Ocean County - Office of Worship - Pastoral Planning - - Pastoral Council Resources - - Multicultural Resources - Family Life Ministry - Youth Ministry - Young Adult Ministry - - Campus Ministry - Marriage Ministry - - Building Strong Marriages - Retreat Houses - Maturing Adults - Catholic Cemeteries Education - Department of Catholic Schools - - Catholic School Directory - Department of Evangelization & Catechesis - Rite of Christian Initiation of Adults (RCIA) - Diocesan Certificate Program (DCP) - Adult Faith Formation (AFF) - Diocesan Scholarship Fund Vocations - Clergy Personnel Office - Seminarian Formation - Priestly Formation - Permanent Diaconate - Consecrated Life Outreach - Issues & Advocacy - Catholic Social Services - Office of Missions - Pastoral Care - Bereavement Ministry - Respect Life Ministry - Separated and Divorced - Jail and Prison Ministry Media & Events - Diocesan Event Calendar - Office of Communications and Media - - Dept. of Public Relations - - News Releases - Dept. of Multimedia Production - - Diocese of Trenton Podcasts - - The Catholic Corner - - Cristo Para Todos TV - - Realfaith TV - - Black Catholics YES! – Listen Now - - Living Your Faith: Reflections on the Word – Listen Now - The Shepherd's Voice - Catholic News - - TrentonMonitor.com (The Monitor Newspaper) - - Peces de Trenton (Español) - Digital & Social Media Donate - Annual Catholic Appeal - Faith to Move Mountains - Bishop Reiss Memorial Golf Outing - Foundation for Student Achievement - Catholic Alumni Partnership (CAP) - Renovation of St. Mary Cathedral Comunidad Hispana - Fe en Nuestro Futuro - Cristo Para Todos TV - Nuestra Diócesis Hoy
(WTNH)–Will this be the year a Connecticut dog wins ‘Best in Show' at the Westminster Dog Show in New York?
According to the Darien News, Connecticut is showing 128 dogs this year, which ranks as the seventh-most of any state. Nearly 2,900 dogs will be on hand competing at the world-famous show.
A Connecticut dog hasn't won the title since 1999.
The show begins February 12 in New York. Dogs will compete at Madison Square Garden as well as other locations in New York City.
For more information, visit the Westminster Kennel Club's website.
His early life wasn't easy — as a child, Ralph Burns, now 64, was abandoned, and he had to drop out of school in the third grade — but he found his calling in music, playing the guitar at parties and bars and becoming a pastor.
Burns never learned how to read during his youth, and while it "embarrassed me sometimes, I got over that," he told Local 8 News in Knoxville. He wanted to learn and people tried to teach him over the years, but things didn't click until Burns met Sydney Osborne, a volunteer with the Friends of Literacy group. The pair have spent the last 18 months working together for two hours a week, with Osborne teaching Burns the letters and sounds of the alphabet. Burns can now read at a first grade level, and is looking forward to improving his skills. "This opens up a whole word," he said. "I can go into a restaurant and almost read the menu." Catherine Garcia
Two students were shot, one fatally, near their charter school in Chicago's Austin neighborhood Monday morning, police said.A group of males was walking in the 4900-block of West Division Street when a black male in a red jacket fired shots just after 9:10 a.m. outside YCCS-West Youth Connection Charter School, police said.An 18-year-old and a 17-year-old were wounded in the shooting. The younger teen was shot in the leg, CPD First Deputy Superintendent Kevin Navarro said at an 11 a.m. press conference. One of the victims ran into the school for safety. Both victims are students at YCCS-West.The teens were rushed to Stroger Hospital, where the 18-year-old died. Authorities have not released his identity. The 17-year-old's condition stabilized at the hospital.Investigators believe the shooting stemmed from an argument. Navarro said police also believe the victims and the shooter knew each other, since they were seen together on surveillance video.Police have not yet identified the suspect. No one is in custody. Area North detectives are conducting an investigation.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stashes of cocaine and cannabis were found hidden in well decorated birthday cakes in a drugs bust.
The Guardia Civil released footage of officers in Spain ripping apart a cake before pulling out packets of cocaine, allegedly being smuggled by a drugs trafficking ring.
Eight people – six men and two women – have been arrested in connection with the drug bust.
Officers seized 2.5kg of cocaine, 150 grams of marijuana, 250 grams of hashish and €6000 (£5,273) as part of Operation Entrepa.
(Photo: Guardia civil/Youtube)
(Photo: Guardia civil/Youtube)
(Photo: Guardia civil/Youtube)
Receipts, plastic wrappings, ready-to-sell cocaine, cutting substances, prescription drugs, scales and laser guns were also found at the scene.
An investigation revealed a drug mule had been used to transport the cocaine-filled cakes from the Spanish capital Madrid to Cullera, near Valencia, using a bus.
The mule drove behind the bus to ensure the stash reached its destination before the arrest.
(Photo: Guardia civil/Youtube)
The eight people arrested have been held on charges of drug trafficking, false documents, being members of a criminal gang among other alleged offences.
It comes as a £2 million-a-year cannabis crop was discovered growing in a nuclear bunker in February in Wiltshire.
Investigating officers believe the set-up would allow a crop to be produced every six weeks.
Photo: AFP
There are reasons why a resounding victory in the parliamentary elections for Emmanuel Macron's party could spell bad news for France and the president himself.
Macron's mandate is hardly the strongest
"It's a muted, incomplete victory because he does not enjoy the backing of a majority of the French people," pollster Gael Sliman told AFP.
The low turnout could be explained partly by election fatigue, but also by "those who may not agree with Macron but do not want to block his path," said Sliman, of the Odoxa polling institute.
Political scientist Jerome Sainte-Marie noted that only one in three potential voters actually cast ballots for REM candidates, given the 49 percent turnout in Sunday's first-round parliamentary vote, in addition to eligible voters who did not register and those who cast blank or spoilt ballots.
Remember this comes after 16 million voters abstained in the second round of the presidential election when Macron was up against Marine Le Pen, added to that are the 10 or so a million voters who said they only backed Macron to keep Le Pen out.
"The abstention reflects the disaffection (with politics) of part of the French electorate, notably the working class," Sainte-Marie said, adding: "Young people... were especially demoralised by the presidential election."
The record-low turnout -- the lowest in six decades -- "reveals a pretty weak sociological and political foundation for the new administration," said Sainte-Marie, of the PollingVox institute.
The Macron team itself recognised the liability, with spokesman Christophe Castaner calling the low turnout "a failure of this election" and emphasising the need to reach out to those who stayed away.
Bad for a healthy democracy?
French President Emmanuel Macron's rivals on Monday warned against handing him an overwhelming parliamentary majority that would stifle debate, after his party cruised to victory in the opening round of elections to the National Assembly.
Macron's year-old centrist Republic on the Move (REM) party and its allies are tipped to clean up in the 577-member lower house of parliament, winning up to 445 seats -- an unprecedented total for a post-war president.
The opposition and French press expressed concern over what the left-wing Liberation daily called the "quasi-Stalinist result".
The leader of the rightwing Republicans in the Paris area, Valerie Pecresse, appealed for a "civic surge", warning of the risk of "groupthink".
Ex-prime minister and party grandee Alain Juppe said, urging voters to get behind the opposition "The stakes of the second round are clear," . "Having a monochrome parliament is never good for democratic debate," he added.
READ ALSO:
No credible opposition
Macron made the most of weakness and scandals to blow apart France's traditional political parties in the presidential election and he continues to do the same in the parliamentary elections.
"What is new about this election is that opposition forces have crumbled," said Martial Foucault, director of the Cevipof research centre.
"We don't know who will really embody the opposition, and that is the gamble Emmanuel Macron took and won -- spreading his political tent as widely as possible to the left and right," Foucault told French radio.
Political scientist Jerome Sainte-Marie told AFP "today there is no credible opposition" to the 39-year-old former investment banker.
The Macron juggernaut left behind an opposition made up of "irreconcilable parts" -- the radical left, the far right and the traditional left and right, Sainte-Marie said.
That's hardly Macron's fault of course.
But while many in France, even Macron's opponents are keen for him to be given a chance to govern and reform the country, the lack of necessary checks and balances that a strong opposition in parliament would provide, may prompt opposition in other forms.
Dissent will be on the streets not in the Assembly
Sunday's results show Macron will have a relatively free hand to push through the ambitious labour, economic and social reforms he promised on the campaign trail.
He will also have succeeded in ushering in a younger and more diverse parliament with more women and ethnic minorities.
But with many of the new lawmakers owing him their seats, analysts have warned that the next parliament could be unusually submissive.
Macron's opponents have already warned that they will take the fight to the streets.
A group of trade unions and NGOs opposed to his proposals to loosen the country's strict labour laws have called for demonstrations in several cities on June 19.
With Macron planning to pass his labour reforms through decrees we can expect the street protests to be particularly lively.
Macron's novice and unpredictable MPs
Martial Foucault, director of the Cevipof research centre warned that with scores of REM lawmakers taking elective office for the first time, "there will be a learning curve, a period of discovery that may lead to a kind of disillusionment."
Furthermore, "these new lawmakers will want to do well, to succeed on a political programme that in my view is not yet totally clear. We don't know really what targets they have. We have some economic details but it's very vague regarding social benefits," Foucault told French radio.
What is more, Sliman said, the new MPs owe their political life to Macron, who launched his movement barely a year ago. "Never have there been so many lawmakers so beholden to their leader," he said. "They owe absolutely everything to him."
Macron runs the risk of believing "that just because everyone around him agrees with him, all the French do," Sliman said. "He'd be wrong."
Pascal Perrineau, a researcher at Cevipof told AFP: "Within this gigantic parliamentary party there could be internal difficulties. At first this (majority) will seem like a gift from heaven, but it will eventually be seen as a difficulty."
In other words Macron's new pop-up party will at some point be beset by the same problems that afflicted his opponents and enabled him to take power.
On Sunday, production on Bachelor in Paradise was shut down as production company Warner Bros. investigates an incident of alleged misconduct on set. A questionable sexual encounter happened between contestants DeMario Jackson and Corinne Olympios, and investigators are working to determine if there was any wrongdoing by Jackson and/or producers.
Now Jackson has broken his silence on the matter, not commenting on the allegations, but wishing Olympios well and thanking fans for their support. ET caught him coming out of a Starbucks in Los Angeles and asked if he had anything to say.
"I have nothing to say. You know, Corinne's an awesome girl and that's all I have to say," Jackson said. To the fans, he added, "Love you all, thank you for the support."
Yesterday, host Chris Harrison urged fans to withhold judgement until the investigation is complete.
Bachelor in Paradise will not be returning this summer, and its fate beyond that is unclear.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
To celebrate the end of the year, we've put together a few fun Cambridge quizzes for you to take part in. Over the weekend, we've tested your knowledge on Cambridge landmarks ranging from pubs and schools to junctions- now it's our bumper bridge challenge.
There isn't a shortage of famous bridges in Cambridge- from newly built cycle bridges to Victorian landmarks across the picturesque River Cam, these bridges are some of the city's most iconic sites. You don't know Cambridge unless you are able to name each of these off by heart.
Test your local knowledge below- and don't forget to share your answers on social media, to see if your friends can beat your score!
The vast majority of swing voters across the United States oppose the Democrats' latest plan to abolish all immigration enforcement by ending the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency.In recent weeks, Democrats in the House and Senate, along with progressive liberals like Cynthia Nixon in New York and most recently insurgent Democrat candidate for Congress, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, have been demanding ICE be abolished. House Democrats are now crafting legislation that would officially abolish ICE.The latest Harvard/Harris Poll , though, reveals that swing voters are overwhelmingly opposed to the Democrats' plan to end all immigration enforcement across the U.S.Nearly 3-in-4 swing voters, about 73 percent, of swing voters said they do not want ICE to be disbanded.Likewise, Americans in general oppose the Democrats' plan to abolish ICE. Nearly 70 percent of Americans polled in the Harvard/Harris Poll said they do not support ending ICE and thus all immigration enforcement.Abolishing ICE, as Breitbart News reported, would have allowed more than 1.6 million illegal aliens to have gone free throughout the U.S. in the last five years.As Breitbart News reported,Americans overwhelmingly support ending illegal immigration and reducing legal immigration levels, at which more than 1.5 million immigrants are admitted to the U.S. every year. The majority of swing voters say they oppose importing more foreign workers to compete against Americans for jobs.Meanwhile, nearly two out of three Americans say they support reducing legal immigration, and more Americans support zero immigration to the U.S. than current legal immigration levels. More than four in nine in black Americans in swing districts across the country say immigration has made life "worse" in America.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Crucial bus service which runs between Nantwich and Leighton Hospital has been saved at the eleventh hour by a Crewe transport company.
The operators of the number 78 bus, D&G Buses, announced last month that they would be withdrawing the service from circulation on July 22 due to it no longer being “commercially viable”.
There was uproar in Nantwich at the cancellation of the only direct service from Nantwich to Leighton Hospital, with many also concerned about the impact it would have on not only hospital patients, but those visiting Nantwich to shop.
But the service has now been saved after Crewe-based company Mikro Coaches announced they will take it on starting from July 23, meaning the bus can continue uninterrupted.
Mikro Coaches is a family-run company that has been built from the ground up over the past 27 years and is currently based in Crewe.
Debbie Weeks from Mikro Coaches said that the new number 78 timetable will be very similar to the current D&G timetable but with some very slight alterations, adding that timetables are currently being drafted showing the new times, as well as information being posted on the Cheshire East Council website.
Debbie said: “We just saw that there was a need for the community and we had a look at what we were actually running at the moment.
“We are hoping to give it a really good go so it is a success. I am just pleased that we are able to utilise the vehicles that we have got to be able to recuperate it and provide a service for them [the community].”
She added that the service will continue as normal for now, but if in future the numbers warrant an extension of the service – running more buses more often if it is commercially viable – then it is something the company will consider.
Debbie added: “There is only so much money in the pot, but if it was viable for us to do it we would extend it, but it has got to be viable.
“We cannot extend it if we have not got the numbers, but if the numbers come up and we are able to do it, we would extend it.”
Carol Jones, chair of the Crewe and District Bus Users group, was delighted at the announcement.
Carol said: “I am really, really pleased for the people of Nantwich and the people in Wistaston that they are still able to get to their hospital appointments after 9am.
“We are working together to ensure that we get there and a big thank-you goes to Debbie at Mikro.
“Crewe and District Bus Users are absolutely over the moon, and thank you as well to Cheshire East Council for negotiating with them [Mikro] to allow the bus to continue running.
“Crewe and District Bus Users do our best to get the information out and we will continue to do so to get a better bus service for one and all.”
QUANTICO, Md. (AP) - Authorities in Maryland are seizing the horses that remain alive on a Maryland farm where dozens of horses were found dead or malnourished.
Wicomico County Sheriff Mike Lewis says he responded to a report about decaying horse corpses at the farm and found a dire situation, where starving horses had broken the sliding glass doors at the back of the farmhouse, desperate to get in and find something to eat.
The sheriff says it's not the first time Barbara Pilchard has been accused of animal neglect on the 2-acre farm she shares with her husband Clayton.
The sheriff tells The Daily Times of Salisbury that the property was investigated by the sheriff's department, the humane society and an equine expert several years ago, but there was insufficient evidence at the time to support charges of horse neglect. The sheriff says two deputies recalled Friday that Barbara Pilchard had been charged with 100 counts of animal neglect in 1995 when 200 cats were removed from the same property. He says those charges were indefinitely postponed .
Lewis says the dead horses will be disposed of in a lined container at the county landfill to keep any infectious disease from infiltrating the groundwater.
The live horses will be taken to an undisclosed location.
The Humane Society of Wicomico County executive director, Aaron Balsamo, says his agency is investigating.
___
Information from: The Daily Times of Salisbury, Md., http://www.delmarvanow.com/
Arsenal's next manager will be restricted to just a £50m summer transfer budget. (Source: Daily Telegraph) pic.twitter.com/MqcvmUrIj6
New Delhi: Commoner Lokesh Kumari Sharma, who turned out be among the most talked-about contestants of Bollywood superstar Salman Khan's popular reality television show 'Bigg Boss' season 10, is once again trending everywhere. This time, her cuteness is not the reason. Instead, Lokesh's glamour is making the headlines now.
She recently took to Twitter to share an amazing picture which flaunts her never-seen-before avatar. "First day of 2017 .. hope u all have a good day n keep watchin #biggboss10 #bb10 @BiggBoss .. bigg bossssss," she captioned the image.
Oh boy, she looks almost unrecognisable in the photo. Have a look:
First day of 2017 .. hope u all have a good day n keep watchin #biggboss10 #bb10 @BiggBoss .. bigg bossssss pic.twitter.com/ZBedAXdjPC — Lokesh Kumari Sharma (@LokeshKumari1) January 1, 2017
Lokesh got evicted pretty early from the controversial house.
'Bigg Boss', an Indian version of international series 'Celebrity Big Brother', features celebrities locked inside a house for three months under constant camera surveillance.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There's no doubt about it, Meghan knows how to rock a bun. It's become something of a signature style for the former actress.
On formal occasions where others would have spent hours perfecting a flawless blow dry, Megan seems to throw caution (and royal protocol) to the wind and chooses a low-maintenance messy bun instead.
Recently though, she's been styling her brunette locks into some more polished updos - and it might have something to do with her wedding day being now less than a month away.
(Image: REUTERS)
Since her hair set to be one of the big talking points of the day, could her most recent glossy bun tell us that she's taking a leaf out of future-sister-in-law Kate's books and swapping to a more regal chic chignon?
(Image: Chris Jackson/PA Wire)
During one of her first royal outing to Brixton in January, the former Suits actress delighted fans by wearing her hair in a casual bun with loose flyaways a-plenty. Since then, she has stuck closely to this effortless updo, including on this recent visit to Northern Ireland with her future husband, Prince Harry.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
But yesterday, the 36-year-old seemed to take inspiration from Kate, who favours a chignon, when she styled her dark lengths into a glossy low bun. She kept some loose tendrils down to frame her face, but the over-all look had much more of a polished finish than we're used to seeing.
Could this mean that the future is all bouncy blow dries and pulled-back ponies for Meghan? Who knows, but we're pretty sure the sleek chignon will be staying until her wedding day.
Who is Rachel Zane (and why should you care)?
Well, where to begin? She's smart, ambitious, loyal, kind. She's biracial, also beautiful, resplendently attired (always). She works endless hours. She wanted to go to Harvard, never got in (long story.) She's a paralegal, or was. Her father is a powerful attorney. She always wanted his respect. Daddy always considered her his “little girl.”
She loves Mike Ross, and Mike Ross loves her.
Viewers? Them, too, because Rachel, above all else, is lovable.
Fans of “Suits,” USA's long-running legal drama, know Rachel well, of course. This little primer, however, isn't for them but for the vast majority of viewers who have no idea who she is but do know the actress who plays her.
After all, Meghan Markle is suddenly one of the most famous women in the world. But in the unending and soon quite possibly unbearable crush of news coverage on the fiancee of Prince Harry, one little piece of her fascinating puzzle has been lost in the scrum. That would be Rachel.
Subscribe to the Entertainment newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
In fact, Rachel made Markle famous before she was famous. Like any professional actor in Hollywood, Markle, 36, had a couple dozen bit roles over the years, including as a so-called “Golden Briefcase Girl” on “Deal or No Deal.” Then along came “Suits,” which launched in the summer of 2011 and quickly become one of cable TV's biggest hits.
As fans also know, “Suits” is only superficially a “legal” drama, because just below that roiling, jargon-strewn surface, a dysfunctional family drama — metaphorically speaking — unfolds. If you were to consider each core cast person was a member of a real family, this might be the pecking order: Partner and a founder of law firm Pearson Specter Litt, Jessica Pearson (Gina Torres), is the mother figure. Her partner, Harvey Specter (Gabriel Macht), is the father one — loyal to Jessica, but also rebellious, wayward, willful and on occasion wanton. He chafes at her control, but would probably be lost without it. Then there are the “kids,” so to speak. Mike (Patrick J. Adams) is Gabriel's protégé and wonder boy attorney whose deception — that he never went to law school or specifically to Harvard Law — was a core plot point for most of the series' run. He could be considered the oldest son. COO of the firm, Donna Paulsen (Sarah Rafferty), is responsible, tough, reasonable. You might consider her the middle child. Then, there's Louis Litt (Rick Hoffman). Dear, nutty Louis — the kid bro who's constantly yammering for attention because he's just ... so ... darned insecure.
Finally, Rachel. She's the “baby,” beloved by all but patronized by all, too.
Fans may disagree, but the first two seasons of “Suits” were its high-water mark. That's when this show was one of the most sharply drawn — and best-acted — series on television. That was also before Mike and Rachel were romantically involved, before the other characters were actually nice. In the early days, in fact, they were a slimy pack of arrogant legal beagles who would steal from each other if given the chance, and on occasion did.
All except Rachel.
For that reason, Markle's Rachel Zane has long been the most important character on “Suits” because she is — or back then was — the proxy for the average viewer. Her passion, idealism, honesty, and also her insecurity, disappointments and aloneness, made her human, above all relatable. We could see her beating heart. We sometimes wondered if the other characters even had hearts.
And so, farewell dear, lovable Rachel. Markle will leave the show by the end of the seventh season (which continues next year) and it's hard to imagine how “Suits” can go on without her, or whether it should.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
While consumers have largely dumped their traditional phone connections in favor of multi-functional smartphone devices, desktop phones continue to be a business necessity.
After all, a landline offers the advantages of the highest quality voice connection, and more affordable calling plans than mobile devices. These days, business phone landlines are increasingly digital rather than analog, and leverage the data capacity of the internet via VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) technology.
Selecting a phone plan for your business requires planning and foresight beginning with your company's needs. Think about the number of phone lines required for employees, including dedicated lines for those archaic fax machines that continue to soldier on (although they will eventually be replaced by online fax services one day soon, we hope). Also consider what additional services are needed, such as voicemail, integration with mobile devices and any international calling needs.
Once you have done your homework, you are ready to do the shopping for a new small business phone service, and here are the best picks in this arena.
We've also highlighted the best smartphones for business
Mitel MiCloud Office UK
Put your business phone system in the cloud
Affordable starter plan
Premium features on the upgrade plan
Fax inbox capability
Multiple features are à la carte options
Mitel MiCloud Office is a UK-based business VoIP provider that hosts their service in the cloud. Their Essential plan starts at an affordable £3.63 ($4.79) per user per month, for a deskphone with basic capabilities and voicemail, which is fine for simple needs.
Their step up plan is the Premier plan that starts at £8.18 ($10.80) per user per month, and adds features including a fax inbox, SMS from a desktop app, a web portal, and parallel ringing. There is also the option of a mobile VoIP app on the higher tiered plan.
Vonage Business
A premium VoIP service
Over 40 premium features
Business-grade high reliability
Higher cost
Vonage is a well known player in the residential VoIP market, and their Vonage Business offering focuses on commercial phone service; it has distinct plans that cater to enterprise, and to the small business market.
For the latter, Vonage Business endeavors to use your current Internet to have a plug-and-play solution that does not require on-site installation, and offers a 14-day trial. It is a more premium service with over 40 included phone features, and claims a business grade “99.999% uptime reliability.”
The plans are priced depending on the number of users. For example, for 1 to 4 users, the bottom rung Mobile plan starts at $19.99 (£15) per user per month, which includes unlimited calling and SMS messages, and apps for both desktop and mobile use. Premium features include a call log, an administrative portal and a virtual receptionist. The next plan up is the Premium plan that costs $29.99 (£23) per user per month, and adds video conferencing and file sharing via Amazon Chime, as well as integration with popular Customer Relationship Manager's such as Salesforce and Zoho.
Ooma Office
The business phone plan with the powerful base station
24/7 customer support
Virtual receptionist
Includes toll-free number for your business
Higher cost
Ooma Office is the business version of the popular (almost) free residential service. Here, service plans require a one time purchase of an Ooma Office base station for $199.99 (£151), and then unlimited calling to the US and Canada service starts at $19.99 (£15) per user per month, which includes bonus features such as virtual fax, a local or toll-free phone number, and a conference extension. More users can be added for $19.99 (£15) each.
Rounding out the service, features include 24/7 customer support, music on hold, a virtual receptionist, a mobile app, and a choice of modes for answering calls after hours. Ooma Office is mildly hampered with no lower tier more budget plan for cash strapped businesses, and there is no lower cost for economies of scale as additional users are added to the plan as each is charged at full price.
8x8 Virtual Office
The VoIP that offers a virtual office
Lower tier has advanced features
Mobile apps available
Option for integrated Contact Center
Opaque pricing
The 8x8 Virtual Office is a VoIP plan that offers a cloud-based phone system that unifies communications. The lowest Virtual Office tier includes unlimited calling with apps for iOS and Android. The feature set also incorporates music on hold, a softphone, SMS/texting, instant messaging, and integration with the Salesforce CRM.
The next higher plan, Virtual Office Pro adds the advanced features of web conferencing, call recording, and internet faxing. The highest plan, Virtual Office x8, adds a Contact Center with 2,000 minutes, plus graphical reporting and analytics.
Pricing is not listed on the 8x8 Virtual Office website.
Phone.com
The affordable business phone service
HIPAA compliant
Includes premium features
Limited minutes on lower plans
Phone.com endeavors to be an affordable business VoIP service, and with a pay per minute base plan that starts at $9.99 (£8) per month (when paid annually), it does best the competition at the low end in terms of cost. The trade-off is that the plan only offers a limited 300 voice minutes monthly with 5,000 SMSes, which is only adequate for the most limited business use.
On the bright side, even on this bare plan there are included premium features, including voicemail to email, call blocking and call queuing. It is also indicated that the service is HIPAA compliant to meet the standards of privacy for healthcare-related businesses.
Perhaps the more realistic option for most businesses is the base unlimited plan, which has unlimited minutes and an unlimited number of extensions. It also includes over forty premium features, and costs $19.99 (£15) per month when paid annually which is a good deal considering the total package.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We all want to know our hard-earned cash is safe, yet many of us are not clear on what safety net is in place.
As a saver, the main thing you need to familiarise yourself with is the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS) .
This is an independent fund set up by the Government – and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) – to protect your money should your bank or building society go bust.
January 31, 2018, marked the one-year anniversary of the move by the FSCS to increase the limit on cash savings back up to £85,000 (up from £75,000).
While you may have nowhere near that much squirrelled away, it's important to understand exactly how the FSCS scheme works – and whether your money is safe – should the worst happen.
How does the FSCS work?
(Image: Getty)
If your money is in an official UK financial institution, the FSCS deposit guarantee scheme offers protection up to £85,000. This applies per person, per institution.
As a saver, this should offer great peace of mind, as it means money in a current account, savings account, cash ISA or help to buy ISA is covered up to this amount in the unlikely case your bank or building society collapses.
What about joint accounts?
Joint accounts get double the cover because each account holder is entitled to compensation up to the maximum FSCS limit.
This means accounts held in joint names receive £170,000 cover per separate institution.
Beware of shared banking licences
While this may sound simple enough, what you need to realise is that the £85,000 depositor protection limit only applies per banking licence.
Hannah Maundrell from Money.co.uk , said: “Bank limits should be quite easy to navigate, however, it's made complicated by the fact FSCS cover is shared between banks that operate under the same FSCS licence.”
For example, HSBC and First Direct fall under the same umbrella, so instead of savings in the bank being guaranteed separately, a combined total of £85,000 is protected by the compensation agreement.
Maundrell said: “If you were to have £85,000 in savings with HSBC and £85,000 in an account with First Direct, you would only be eligible for a maximum of £85,000 in compensation if the group were to go bust.”
This could pose a problem for someone with big sums squirreled away, as this many means that not all of their cash is protected.
Rachel Springall from Moneyfacts , sais: “While this may not be an issue for savers with smaller balances, it could be an issue for those with significant savings For those in this situation, it's important to take action.”
Don't put all your eggs in one basket
If this is the case, you need to spread cash around so you don't exceed the limit in any one account.
The key is taken advantage of FSCS protection across more than one banking group.
So who owns which bank right now?
(Image: Bloomberg via Getty Images)
If you're not sure who exactly you're banking with at the moment, check out the list below. All of the following banks count as one.
Bank of Cyprus UK
Bank of Ireland UK, Post Office, AA Financial Services
Bank of Scotland, BM Savings, Birmingham Midshires, Halifax, Saga
Barclays, Standard Life Cash Savings, The Woolwich, (ING Direct UK has now been sold to Barclays and re-branded Barclays)
Citibank
Clydesdale Bank, Yorkshire Bank
The Co-operative Bank, Smile, Britannia
Coventry Building Society, Stroud & Swindon Building Society
HSBC, First Direct
Lloyds, Lloyds Bank Private Banking, Scottish Widows Bank
Nationwide, Cheshire Building Society, Derbyshire Building Society, Dunfermline Building Society
NatWest
Royal Bank of Scotland
Sainsbury's Bank
Santander, Cahoot, (Alliance & Leicester was taken over by Santander who also own the now rebranded Abbey, as well as Cahoot and Asda banks)
Skipton Building Society, Scarborough Investments Direct
Tesco Personal Finance PLC
TSB
Virgin Money
Yorkshire Building Society, Barnsley Building Society, Chelsea Building Society, Norwich & Peterborough Building Society
Keep an eye out for changes
It's worth noting that banks and building societies merge frequently, so you need to keep a regular check of whether your savings are fully protected.
What about NS&I?
Money saved in accounts and products offered by Government-backed National Savings & Investments (NS&I) – including premium bonds – enjoys 100% security.
What about overseas-owned banks?
If you have savings with an overseas-owned bank, you need to check what protection is in place.
Banks regulated in other European Economic Area (EEA) member states can operate in the UK without UK regulation. This is called “passporting” and means you rely on protection from the home government.
For example, Spain's Santander bank is UK-regulated so savings are covered by the FSCS.
However, savings accounts with the French RCI Bank are regulated under the French compensation scheme. This currently entitles UK depositors to claim up to €100,000 from the scheme.
Here are a few more examples of banks which fall under other protection schemes:
Agribank – protection scheme: Malta
Fidor Bank – protection scheme: Germany
Handelsbanken and Ikano Bank – protection scheme: Sweden
Triodos – protection scheme: The Netherlands
What is the “Temporary High Balance Protection?”
(Image: Bloomberg via Getty Images)
If you find yourself with an inflated bank balance because of a house sale, a divorce settlement – or an inheritance, say – you can rest easy.
Springall said: “Since July 2015, up to £1 million can be placed with one provider and still be protected by the FSCS for six months under what is known as ‘Temporary High Balance Protection'.”
The idea is to give you time to work out what you plan to do with a lump sum.
But it's important to note down in your diary when that six-month period is due to end so you remember to move your money again at that time, to ensure it is all still protected.
Quality web hosting can be an expensive affair – but it doesn't have to be. And while you can always fall back on free web hosting providers, there's also a growing number of cheap web hosting providers that deliver honest, reliable performance and great value for money without breaking the bank.
All bar one of the web hosting companies listed below will accommodate more than one website. So while cheap web hosting providers are great for starting your business, they might not be powerful and scalable enough to take it to the next level; which is where VPS and dedicated servers come into play.
Note that some of the headline eye-catching prices (from free to just a few dollars/pounds per month) are often only for a limited period (usually the first year), and after that they can swiftly balloon, especially when you factor in the cost of the domain names bundled.
If you plan to have a successful online business, it is important to think long-term and how the total cost of ownership (the cost of running your website over years) might impact your bottom line. Also bear in mind that when purchasing from the US, VAT is usually excluded from the price. So, without further ado, below is our list of the best cheap web hosting sites of 2018.
We've also rounded up the best overall web hosting services
HostGator Hatchling
Ideal for the long-term
Unlimited disk space and bandwidth
cPanel plus website builder
45-day money-back guarantee
$31.68 for the first year when purchased for three years. Total cost of purchase is $95.04
HostGator is backed by EIG, one of the biggest web hosting companies, and its Hatchling plan is great for getting started. As with most of the offerings highlighted here, you can only run one website on this plan, but you don't get a free domain name or free SSL.
What you do get is unlimited disk space and bandwidth (but note that you won't be able to use this space for storing files as this is against the terms and conditions), along with a $200 marketing budget (Google and Bing Ads credits). You also get 24/7 support, unlimited backups, subdomains, MySQL databases, email inboxes and FTP accounts. And finally, HostGator provides access to the popular cPanel control panel as well as its very own website builder.
Every web hosting plan includes an industry-leading 45-day money-back guarantee alongside a 99.9% uptime guarantee. HostGator also provides free transfers for new accounts within 30 days of signup, and to newly upgraded accounts.
GoDaddy Economy
Great if you want scalable web hosting coupled with Microsoft Office email
100GB storage
Extras like DDoS protection
Free Microsoft Office 365 Business Email
(US) $12 for the first year, renews at $7.99 per month
(UK) £14.40 for the first year, renews at £5.99 per month plus VAT
GoDaddy is the second of the triumvirate of ‘uber web hosting' companies (the two others being EIG and 1&1) that we've listed in this buying guide. Its Economy package has to be one of the best on the market with GoDaddy flexing its (virtual) muscles to deliver exceptional value for money.
As expected, you get a free domain name and oodles of storage (100GB) along with unlimited bandwidth, plus free Microsoft Office 365 Business Email for a year (a freebie worth £55).
Support is delivered 24/7 via a toll-free line and GoDaddy even guarantees 99.9% uptime for this service. Add in 1-click install functionality for more than 125 applications, DDoS protection, plus 1GB of MySQL database storage and you've bagged yourself a pretty solid offering. The only true limitation is the fact that you won't be able to host more than one website, but that's a common theme across the budget board.
1&1 Basic
Capable web hosting with tons of storage and extras
Very impressive amount of storage
Free domain for a year
Extras like DDoS protection and geo-redundancy
(US) $11.88 for the first year, renews at $7.99 per month
(UK) £14.26 for the first year, renews at £5.99 per month plus VAT
Like many other premium web hosting companies, 1&1 offers a 30-day money-back guarantee. As part of one of the world's largest web hosting firms, you're in good company as this German-based host includes DDoS protection, geo-redundancy and the all-new HTTP/2 protocol as standard.
Your website will have room to grow with a staggering 100GB storage, unlimited bandwidth, up to 2.5GB of system memory and up to 25 databases with 1GB SSD storage each.
On top of that you also get 500 mailboxes with 2GB storage per account (that's a staggering 1TB of extra storage), one free domain for a year (no .com or .net in the UK, though), daily backup, 20 FTP accounts, 10,000 sub-domains, an SSL certificate, 24/7 customer service plus 70 web applications and £75 worth of Bing Ads credit.
One.com
The cheapest of the lot – but also one of the most limited
Hosting doesn't come any cheaper than this
SSL and website builder in basic plan
Short 15-day money-back guarantee
£10.80 for the first year. Renews at £1.89 per month
Let's start with the downsides here: One.com is the only web hosting outfit here that charges a setup fee and has a short 15-day money-back guarantee. However, this is more than mitigated by the fact that you get the first year free, and the price you see includes VAT (unlike most of its rivals).
The renewal fee is also very reasonable and you do get a lot for your money. We're talking unlimited bandwidth, 25GB storage, a free domain name for the first year, a single database, a website builder (limited to five pages), SSL certificate, unlimited email accounts and a $75 Google Ads voucher. SSH, backup and restore features are optional. This web hosting company is based in Denmark and has more than 1.5 million active users.
iPage
Outstanding value for money – especially for mid-term buyers
Unlimited websites
Includes a domain for a year
Bundled security tools
(US) $23.88 for the first year when purchased for three years. Total cost of purchase is $71.64
(UK) £18 for the first year. Renews at £8.99 per month
Like dozens of other web hosting providers, iPage is part of the big EIG family and uses the bargaining power of the organization to bring prices down. iPage has it all for such a small price: you get unlimited websites, disk space, bandwidth, MySQL databases and email accounts. As with other EIG members, you get a $200 marketing budget (Google and Bing advertising credits) and 24/7 support.
The money-back guarantee is an industry average 30-days and you don't get an SSL certificate, domain privacy, website security or backup as standard. As a sweetener, iPage includes a domain name (for a year) plus free SiteLock security tools (although iPage doesn't provide much detail as to what that actually includes).
Tsohost Personal Cloud Web Hosting
Very cheap but also very capable hosting
Free domain and daily site backups
UK-based data centers
No 24/7 support
£14.26 for the first year, renews at the same price
Tsohost is owned by GoDaddy and operates solely in the UK. You get one domain name (free for the first year) and one website with up to 25,000 page views, 500MB storage, unlimited bandwidth, five 200MB mailboxes, an SSL certificate and one basic migration package. You also get free daily site backups, plus a 30-day money-back guarantee.
Tsohost uses Dell hardware and UK-based data centers. There's no 24/7 support but our review found this outfit to be a “capable web host with some feature-packed, versatile and honestly priced plans”. We concluded that it was worth a look for beginners and experts alike, particularly if you need a UK provider.
123 Reg Unlimited
Outstanding initial value, but watch out on the renewal front
Host up to 10 websites
Three domains free for a year
Considerably more expensive when you renew
£14.40 for first year, renews at £14.39 per month
Another GoDaddy-owned web host, 123 Reg is a well-known provider in the UK. Its Unlimited package delivers an attractive hosting solution if you have ambitions to grow your website business fast. For £14.40 for the first year, you can host 10 websites, which is particularly impressive seeing as many of these cheap deals limit you to just one site, as we've seen.
You also get three domain names (which are free for a year) plus you get unlimited webspace, unlimited bandwidth, unlimited databases (up to 1GB each), a free SSL certificate, unlimited FTP accounts, website backup and restore, scheduled tasks, IP address blocking and website directory indexing plus a JavaScript generator and Linux apps (WordPress, Joomla, Drupal, Media Wiki and eCommerce).
Sadly you only get one 5GB mailbox, which is poor compared to the competition, and the monthly cost of renewing the service after a year is as expensive as the full cost of the first year itself!
You might also want to check out our other hosting guides:
Updated at 10:58 a.m. ET
President Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron will field questions from reporters on Tuesday, in between talks on the Iran nuclear deal and a lavish state dinner.
Macron is the first of two European leaders Trump is hosting this week. German Chancellor Angela Merkel will be in Washington, D.C., on Friday. Both France and Germany joined the U.S. in a six-nation pact with Iran to halt its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. Trump has threatened to pull the U.S. out of that deal. Macron and Merkel want him to stay in.
Trump's former advisers struggled to make the case for the nuclear deal, and the newest members of Trump's national security team are as skeptical of the agreement as he is.
"People know my views on the Iran deal. It was a terrible deal. It should have never, ever been made," Trump said Tuesday during an Oval Office photo opportunity with Macron. "It's insane. It's ridiculous. It should have never been made, but we will be talking about it."
Macron argues the nuclear agreement is worth preserving.
"We have a common objective, we want to make sure there's no escalation and no nuclear proliferation in the region. We now need to find the right path forward," Macron said, through an interpreter.
Macron has skillfully courted Trump, inviting the U.S. president to be his guest last year at an elaborate military parade marking Bastille Day in Paris. Trump was so impressed, he ordered his own military parade this November, marking the 100th anniversary of the end of World War I.
The two presidents and their wives celebrated the wartime alliance between the U.S. and France on Monday by planting an oak tree on the South Lawn of the White House. The sapling comes from Belleau Wood, where more than 9,000 Marines died in the final months of the first world war, according to a White House statement.
Later, the two couples took a sightseeing helicopter tour of Washington, then held a private dinner at George Washington's historic Mt. Vernon estate.
Despite their evident personal chemistry, Trump and Macron have significant policy differences to discuss. In addition to the Iran nuclear deal, Macron wants a permanent exemption from the president's new steel and aluminum tariffs. And he'd like to see a more lasting commitment from the U.S. to stabilization efforts in Syria. Military forces from France and the U.K. joined the U.S. in launching air strikes on Syria earlier this month in retaliation for a suspected chemical weapons attack. But Trump is impatient to withdraw U.S. troops from that country as quickly as possible.
"What you do have are two leaders who have a great deal of respect for one another, who have a great friendship," said White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders. She added that friendship allows the two men to have "very open and candid conversations."
Sanders said she expects "a very productive and very positive state visit for both countries."
The visit will be marked by the first state dinner of the Trump administration. The White House has been decorated for the event with cherry blossoms, sweet peas and white lilacs. The menu is American with French influences: spring lamb and jambalaya.
On Wednesday, Macron is set to address a joint session of Congress.
The annual Asian and Pacific Island Catholics Marian Pilgrimage to the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception in Washington DC took place last month.
About 1,000 people from 20 groups representing different communities within Asia and the Pacific Islands participated in the Mass in honour of Mary.
The various communities marched into the Basilica with a different statue of Mary in her various manifestations as Our Lady of Antipolo, Our Lady of La Vang, Our Lady of Samoa and the golden Our Lady of Good Health, Vailankanni, as she is known among Catholic communities in India.
Alex Chow, a boy whose family attends Our Lady of China Pastoral Mission in Washington, crowned a statue of Mary.
Then Catholics with roots in India, Samoa, the Philippines, Vietnam and South Korea led the congregation in praying the Luminous Mysteries of the rosary in their own languages, joined by the congregation who prayed the Hail Marys in English.
Clara Cole, a Samoan who works for the Environmental Protection Agency, said their Catholic faith “was instilled in us at a very young age. We carry it with us still, and I pass it down to my daughter. She's 17.”
Cole said that faith “keeps us going. Without it, we'd have no hope, and without Mother Mary, we wouldn't have our Savior Jesus.”
Johnny Toma who works at the Georgetown University Medical Centre, reflecting on the journey he took across the world from American Samoa the United States for college said, “He (Jesus) has always been with me.”
In his homily, Cardinal Wuerl praised the Asian and Pacific Island Catholics for representing the richness of their diverse cultures and the harmony of their shared faith in Christ.
Prayers of the faithful were offered in different languages, including Cambodian, Chinese, Tagalog, Vietnamese, Samoan, Indonesian, Konkani (from India), and English.
Source
News category: Pacific.
4:12 Jake Diekman talks surgery, recovery at Rangers camp Pause
1:19 Rangers' Martin Perez plans to build off 2016
2:34 DeSoto claims its first football state title
1:46 Martin girls win in overtime
0:57 Frogs in The Dance? Might have been 'laughed at or questioned' once, Dixon says
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
1:51 American Airlines flight attendants: "Love AAfair is over!"
1:53 The Pastor at Babe's Chicken Dinner House
1:10 The Wall That Heals comes to the Stockyards
The CEO of one recruitment agency told Cayman 27 he can understand the perceptions fueling rhetoric like what we heard from Premier Hon. Alden McLaughlin Thursday at the Fidelity CEO conference.
“We will also look again at the role of employment agencies, and their negative impact on the employment of Caymanians,” said Mr. McLaughlin in his opening remarks.
Steve McIntosh of CML/Nova Recruitment said his firm has an overall 70% placement rate for Caymanians. For permanent positions, he said the figure is 80%.
Mr. McIntosh told Cayman 27 he is wholeheartedly behind the premier's push for full employment, and said his firm is working to advance opportunities for Caymanians through recruitment and training.
“We genuinely do the best we can to place Caymanians in every single job,” said Mr. McIntosh. “The remaining jobs that we haven't been successful placing Caymanians tend to be highly specialized roles were a company genuinely can't, isn't able to find enough people in the local market, and that is something that we think could be addressed through education and training.”
Mr. McIntosh told Cayman 27 he supports a regulatory framework for recruiting firms that would level the playing field for local and international competitors, and indicated his willingness to work with government to achieve it.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Correctional Officer Attacked
On 12/10/17 at approximately 4:08 pm the Des Moines County Sheriff's Office, Burlington Police Department and the West Burlington Police Department were all dispatched to the Des Moines County Correctional Center for a Correctional Officer that was pinned down in the Male Max area of the jail being assaulted by inmates.
The correctional officer was brutally attacked by three inmates, and after a short time was pulled out of the cell by other assisting correctional staff. The Officer was transported to Great River Medical Center where he was treated and admitted for injuries.
A second Correctional Officer was also injured in the attack and was also transported to GRMC for injuries sustained in the attack.
Officers that responded to the jail were able to contain the inmates and the entire jail is locked down and secure at this time.
The incident is being investigated by the Division of Criminal Investigation, and the Des Moines County Sheriff's Office.
A SENATE inquiry into shark mitigation and deterrence measures has found shark nets should be phased out and lethal drum lines should be "immediately" replaced by smart drumlines.
Senator Peter Whish-Wilson, who chaired the Senate Environment and Communications Committee's inquiry, said the inquiry was established following concerns that shark nets were rolled out on the NSW North Coast without any federal environmental impact assessments.
The inquiry's final report was released yesterday, after 10 public hearings across Australia.
"We heard from ecologists, local communities, agencies, surf life saving organisations, first-responders and shark bite victims," Senator Whish-Wilson said.
"This is the most comprehensive report on shark encounter risk and mitigation methods carried out in Australia.
"There is a pressing need for policy-makers across the country to consider how to respond to shark bites objectively and critically, using evidence-based approaches.
"That is what this report attempts to do, without fear or favour."
Senator Whish-Wilson said the committee heard that shark nets caught and killed marine life like turtles, dolphins and whales, and endangered sharks like the grey nurse shark.
"We heard no evidence that shark nets remove or materially reduce the risk of shark bites," he said.
"What is clear to me is that the hodge-podge of policies around the country is guided by politics, rather than by evidence and consultation.
"The major recommendation of this report is that technology is rapidly developing in terms of personal and whole-of-beach scale deterrence devices and, along with drones and phone-apps, this allows us to set a timeline for the full withdrawal of shark nets around the country.
"The Committee has also concluded that any state currently using fixed lethal drum lines should immediately replace them with smart drumlines, to reduce the impact on marine life and also to gather better evidence about shark ecology."
Given the "intense politicisation of debate about this issue", the inquiry's report went to the "unusual" step of outlining major shark-related myths and "discussing whether those myths have any basis using evidence presented throughout this inquiry".
These myths include that:
"The only things that interest me in the US are Tupac Shakur, Allen Ginsberg, and Jackson Pollock. I don't need a visa to access their work."
~ Putin advisor after he was placed on US sanctions list.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A dad-of-three died after a sand tunnel collapsed on him as he played with his children on a beach in Florida.
US media report Lee Goggin, 35, suffered a heart attack when he was buried alive when a dune caved in on him on Sunday in St Augustine.
Lee, a personal trainer from Irving, Texas, was rushed to hospital where he spent two days in a medically-induced coma before his death was pronounced on Tuesday.
Devastated relatives said Mr Goggin was travelling to Disney World on a family holiday when he stopped at the beach "to let the kids burn some energy".
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: CBS News)
Writing on a GoFundMe page , his sister Rachel Burt said: "Today there was a freak accident involving my older brother, Lee Goggin.
"Our family was just starting off on vacation when we stopped in at the beach in St. Augustine, FL to let the kids burn some energy.
"Lee was building a tunnel in the sand when it collapsed on him."
Ms Burt explained Lee did not qualify for life insurance after he received a transplant for kidney disease in 2014 from their brother Aaron.
(Image: CBS News)
(Image: CBS News)
Confirming his death on the fundraising page, Ms Burt said her brother was the "primary source of income" for his wife Courtney and three children Jace, four, Colton, two, and eight-month-old Rylee.
An appeal to raise $5,000, set up initially to cover his medical expenses, has been smashed with more than $50,000 in donations in just four days.
Ms Burt wrote: "Lee wanted to give as much of himself to others as he could.
"He will be following, once again, in our mom's footsteps by donating as many organs as possible to bring hope to other families.
"He is our rock and hope. Thank you for the prayers, calls, texts, and visits.
"They have sustained us these past couple of days, and we're so grateful.
"Our hearts ache greatly, but Heaven just got so much sweeter than it already was."
Friend Joe Long told CBS Dallas : "He's got a beautiful wife, three great kids … just a phenomenal guy. The world is definitely at a loss without him."
The Russian president has visited the Hmeymim base in Syria's Latakia for the first time since the launch of the anti-terrorist operation at the request of President Bashar Assad. The Russian leader has emphasized that if the terrorists gain the upper hand in Syria, Russian forces will carry out strikes the likes of which "they've never seen."
President Vladimir Putin has ordered Russian troops withdraw from Syria, saying that the Russian forces are returning from Syria victorious. The Russian president has glorified the work of the country's aerospace units in the region by saying that they had performed "brilliantly" in Syria.
"I instruct the Defense Minister, the head of the General Staff to begin the withdrawal of the Russian troop contingents back to the places of their permanent location," Putin said, when speaking to servicemen in Syria, saying that they have shown courage, heroism, coordination, determination, brilliant training and high professionalism in the region.
The Russian leader has emphasized that if terrorists gain upper hand in Syria, Russian forces will carry out strikes the likes of which "they've never seen", adding that the two Russian bases, in Tartus and Khmeimim would continue to operate.
The Russian president has underlined that with the help of Russia's military operation, Syria has been preserved as an independent and sovereign state, adding that conditions for the political settlement in Syria under the auspices of the UN have been created and the refugees, that had to flee their homes, may return.
Vladimir Putin has touched upon the work of Russian defense industry enterprises and armed forces, which had demonstrated the growing capabilities of the country's navy and army, the high-level combat skills of units and divisions.
READ MORE: Putin Informed About Daesh's Total Defeat in Syria's Euphrates Valley
Putin was met by Syrian President Bashar Assad, Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu, when he arrived at the Khmeimim base in the Latakia province for the first time since the launch of the anti-terrorist operation in the Arab Republic at the request of Damascus in 2015.
Putin-Assad Meeting
The Russian president has hold a separate meeting with Syrian President Bashar Assad at the base station of the Hmeymim airbase.
"Indeed, the threat of terrorism, in general, is very high. The fact that we defeated one of the main groups — Daesh in Syria — is extremely important for Syria, and for Russia, and for the whole world," the Russian president noted.
In his turn, the Syrian leader thanked Russian President Vladimir Putin for the Russian army's help in defeating terrorism.
"The achievements that have taken place are very significant, very important for us. The theme of our meeting, the destruction of Daesh fighters, is very important for the whole world. We coped with this. On behalf of the whole people of the Syrian Arab Republic, I express my deep gratitude for the role your armed forces played. The victories that have been achieved have affected not only our state, but also neighboring countries," Assad said.
Russian Operation in Syria
The annoucement of Russian President Vladimir Putin has come almost a week after his statement on the complete destruction of the jihadists along both banks of the Euphrates River. Mentioning the continued existence of isolated hotbeds of resistance, Putin said that on the whole, the Syrian and Russian operation in the area has ended with a complete "routing of the terrorists."
Сommenting on the course of the operation, the Russian General Staff Col. Gen. Sergei Rudskoi has stressed that now that terrorist group has been eliminated from Syria, Russian troops will concentrate their efforts on restoring peaceful life in the country and observing the parties.
BALI, Indonesia (AP) — An American citizen detained for a drug offense escaped Monday from an overcrowded and under-staffed prison on the Indonesian resort island of Bali.
Head of Kerobokan prison Tonny Nainggolan said Christian Beasley, 32, was believed to have escaped at around 4 a.m. by sawing through a ceiling and then jumping over a 6-meter (20-foot) high wall behind the prison.
Beasley was arrested in August at a post office in the Kuta tourist area of Bali with a package containing 5.7 grams of hashish.
Nainggolan said another American inmate, Paul Anthony Hoffam, 57, who was serving a 20-month jail since July for robbery, was captured while trying to escape.
An investigation was underway to find out possible involvement of prison guards in the incident, said Surung Pasaribu of the local Law and Human Rights Ministry. He also said there is a shortage of guards for the prison, which was built to accommodate about 300 people but has nearly 1,600 inmates.
It was the second escape from the prison in Bali's capital, Denpasar, since June when four foreign inmates from Australia, Bulgaria, India and Malaysia escaped through a drainage tunnel.
Two of them, Bulgarian Dimitar Nikolov Iliev and Indian Sayed Mohammed Said were recaptured in East Timor days later and were returned to Bali. Two others, Shaun Edward Davidson of Australia and Malaysian Tee Koko King bin Tee Kim Sai are still at large.
Jailbreaks are common in Indonesia, where prisons are overcrowded by people convicted of drug crimes as part of the government's anti-drugs crusade.
In May, more than 440 prisoners escaped from an overcrowded prison on Sumatra island when they were let out perform Friday Muslim prayers. In July 2013, about 240 prisoners, including several convicted terrorists, escaped during a deadly riot at a prison in another part of Sumatra.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United fans have called for Tottenham defender Jan Vertonghen to face retrospective action.
The Belgian was involved in an off-camera clash with Ander Herrera during United's 2-0 defeat at Wembley on Wednesday.
he Spurs defender has been accused of 'grabbing' Herrera's throat in an incident that was apparently missed by referee Andre Marriner - and the BT Sport commentators.
But grainy footage has now emerged on social media, and fans have asked for a reaction from the FA, reports the Manchester Evening News.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Ashley Young was retrospectively banned earlier this season for an elbow on Dusan Tadic that was missed at the time, and he was subsequently suspended for matches against Everton, Derby and Stoke.
And United supporters believe Vertonghen warrants a similar punishment, taking to social media to make their point to football's governing body.
Edison hoped to deepen his scientific credentials by studying the eclipse, Watson wanted the bragging rights of discovering a new planet during the daytime twilight and Mitchell wanted to showcase the capabilities of women scientists.
Total solar eclipses happen fairly frequently across the globe, but as the Earth is 80 percent ocean, they often are in inconvenient locations. The 1878 eclipse crossed from northern Idaho southeast through Wyoming, Colorado, Oklahoma, Texas and Louisiana.
In his riveting account, Baron shows his ability to wade through slews of historical documents (which take 64 pages to credit at the end of the book) to bring the figures to life.
"I've been a journalist my whole career, not a historian. To write about history really was a challenge for me. I had to take a lot of time to get to know these people as people," he said.
That meant going beyond reading their journals and obituaries and instead finding what other people said about them, including reading letters the writers never thought others would read.
The digitization of many of these records helped the research process, but Baron still found himself at places such as Chicago, Vassar in New York and the Library of Congress and the National Archive in Washington, D.C.
Baron's passion for eclipses powered him through his research. He became an umbraphile — a person who loves eclipses and travels to see them — when he covered an annular solar eclipse in 1994. During that kind of eclipse, which happened in Kanarraville in 2012, the majority of the sun is covered and creates a ring-of-fire effect, but the moon does not block out the entire sun.
Baron was in New Jersey for that 1994 partial eclipse with Jay Pasachoff, Field Memorial Professor of Astronomy at Williams College. Pasachoff encouraged him to see a full solar eclipse, so in 1998, Baron traveled to Aruba to witness one.
"It was one of the most moving experiences in my life," he said. "I knew I wanted to see this again and again."
That eclipse fever is easy to catch.
Patrick Wiggins, NASA/JPL solar-system ambassador to Utah, caught the fever in 1979 when he saw his first total eclipse, which was viewable from the northwest corner of the United States.
"The rarity and spectacularness of the event is unbelievable," Wiggins said. "People who haven't seen one before don't realize the feeling that overcomes you when you see a total eclipse of the sun. It runs the gamut from crying to shouting with joy."
Wiggins has traveled the world to see five solar eclipses so far, and he made plans years ago to secure lodging along the path of totality for the eclipse that will traverse the entire continental United States on Aug. 21 — 99 years after the last one that crossed the country coast-to-coast. He encourages anyone who can to travel to see the eclipse because seeing the sky darken during midday is an incomparable experience.
"In my head, I know what's going on, but in my soul there's something held over from Cro-Magnon times — it's spooky and exciting and neat," Wiggins said.
The next total solar eclipse to cross U.S. skies after this summer will pass through Utah, but it won't be until 2045.
THE CANADIAN PRESS
Halifax-area RCMP say they have investigated six "sextortion" incidents this year, and are warning residents to be careful online.
In five of the cases, men were extorted by women, with victims' ages ranging from 17 to 52.
Police say the victims were asked to perform a sex act during a video chat after meeting suspects online.
The suspects then revealed they surreptitiously recorded the act, and demanded money while threatening to release the video to the victims' contacts if they didn't comply.
Only one of the six victims sent money as demanded.
Police say some of the investigations are ongoing, while others have concluded without charges because suspects can't be located or identified.
They say the videos were never sent to the victims' contacts as threatened.
"If you make a video or take a photo and that device has the ability to connect to the internet, the content can potentially be seen by anyone," said Staff Sgt. Royce MacRae of the Nova Scotia RCMP's tech crime unit.
"One way to protect yourself from this type of scam is to avoid accepting friend requests from strangers."
Just over a week ago, Hilary Duff hit a major milestone—she celebrated her 30th birthday! It's hard to believe that the Disney Channel alum is embarking on her fourth decade, but stranger things have happened (i.e. Jennifer Lopez and Gwen Stefani both turned 48 this year).
Anyway, the Younger star did her special day justice with an epic bash—elevating the milestone to become her “favorite birthday ever."
#tbt to my most favorite birthday ever!!! #thisis30 A post shared by Hilary Duff (@hilaryduff) on Oct 5, 2017 at 3:05pm PDT
Mom and sister Haylie were there for the fun—as was a pair of truly incredible blue over-the-knee boots.
hilaryduff/Instagram
hilaryduff/Instagram
hilaryduff/Instagram
hilaryduff/Instagram
Look at this scene! Is that a bounce house?
hilaryduff/Instagram
Beanie Babies + Sour Patch Kids = every '80s kid's ideal party bag.
hilaryduff/Instagram
Also, um, Hilary's phone case is emblazoned with her son's name—how sweet is that?!?
Yet another #tb ❤️❤️#thisis30 A post shared by Hilary Duff (@hilaryduff) on Oct 5, 2017 at 6:05pm PDT
Of course, her 30th wasn't all glitz and glam—Duff made sure to indulge in some of life's simple pleasures (i.e. day drinking and gluten).
Shit. 30. Thanks for all the birthday love guys. I just ate some gluten and had a glass of wine midday💅🏻 A post shared by Hilary Duff (@hilaryduff) on Sep 28, 2017 at 2:11pm PDT
Thirty looks good on you, Hil!
THESSALONIKI, Greece (AP) — Under heavy security, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is in northern Greece to discuss plans to become a key supplier of European energy through an ambitious Mediterranean undersea natural gas pipeline project.
Netanyahu met in Thessaloniki, Greece's second largest city, with Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras, while Cypriot President Nicos Anastasiades was also due to attend the talks.
More than 3,500 police officers were deployed for security around the city, which historically had a large Jewish community that was almost wiped out during the Nazi occupation in World War Two.
Israel is hoping to export much of its newly discovered natural gas to Europe by a proposed undersea pipeline to Cyprus and Greece.
As Gambia's new president Adama Barrow settles into his new role, he is also taking steps to resuscitate international ties cut off by his predecessor Yahya Jammeh, including membership to the International Criminal Court and the Commonwealth of Nations.
The tiny West African nation has now formally informed the United Nations that it is reversing its request to withdraw from the International Criminal Court, made by Jammeh last October.
The new government issued a statement announcing its reversal on state television, Reuters reported. "As a new government that has committed itself to the promotion of human rights ... we reaffirm The Gambia's commitment to the principles enshrined in the Rome Statue of the International Criminal Court," the government said.
Jammeh's withdrawal from the ICC had not yet taken hold — according to the terms of the Rome Statute, a state's withdrawal goes into effect a year after initial notification.
At the time, Gambia had accused the court of being biased against Africans, with one government minister going so far as to describe it as the "International Caucasian Court," as The Two-Way reported. Gambia, like South Africa and Burundi, accused the court of ignoring crimes of non-African nations and took steps to withdraw late last year. Here's more from our previous reporting:
"Every person tried by the ICC since the treaty creating it was adopted in 1998 has been African. "Other war crimes trials have been carried out by ad hoc tribunals created after a specific conflict, such as those created for Yugoslavia and Cambodia, or for the Nuremberg trials conducted after World War II."
Clément Capo-Chichi, Africa regional coordinator with the Coalition for the International Criminal Court, told The Associated Press that the move is a "crucial victory for victims of grave crimes and the rule of law."
Barrow's road to the presidency was extremely tumultuous. In December's presidential election he defeated Jammeh, the leader of the Gambia for 22 years. But then Jammeh refused to step down, eventually resulting in West African military troops crossing Gambia's borders. After Barrow was sworn into office in neighboring Senegal, Jammeh eventually succumbed to massive international pressure and left the country.
He fled to Equatorial Guinea – incidentally, a country that is not a member state of the ICC.
Now, the new Gambian government is also receiving high-profile diplomatic visits and pledges of international support.
U.K. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson paid Barrow a visit Tuesday, which the BBC describes as "the first to the Gambia by a British foreign secretary." On the agenda: Gambia's request to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations, an international organization comprised of 52 nations that were once British colonies.
The former leader pulled Gambia out of the Commonwealth in 2013, according to a statement from the organization. Now, a Commonwealth spokesperson said it welcomed the move: "We looked forward to the country's eventual return because it was part of our very close knit family and our doors have always remained open."
The European Union has also declared a "new chapter of relations with The Gambia." It froze assistance nearly three years ago, according to the BBC. But last week, EU Commissioner for International Cooperation and Development Neven Mimica traveled to the Gambia and announced a $79 million package of immediate support.
Jammeh had a dismal human rights record. Barrow appears to be taking steps to change that pattern. As Reuters reported, "police opened their first investigation on Monday into unresolved deaths and disappearances under Jammeh."
In a recent press conference, Barrow also stated that he intends to convene a Truth and Reconciliation Commission to address human rights violations of his predecessor.
He was also candid about the scope of obstacles he faces: "There was a government here for 22 years. 22 years is a long time. And we are able to change the government after 22 years, so obviously there will be a lot of challenges. To look at all the system, and make a complete overhaul. I think that is a big challenge to my new government."
More than 21,000 undocumented immigrants have been arrested by US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) from January to mid March, Maria Sacchetti of the Washington Post reported. She attributed this to agents now being able to arrest not only undocumented people with criminal histories, but almost any undocumented immigrant regardless of whether they have a criminal past.
© AFP 2017/ PAUL J. RICHARDS US Immigration Agency Sued for Ignoring Data Request on Trump Muslim Ban
Immigration arrests have risen 32.6 percent since last year, when 16,104 people were arrested in the same time frame.
The Post reported that "Arrests of immigrants with no criminal records more than doubled to 5,441, the clearest sign yet that President Trump has ditched his predecessor's protective stance toward most of the 11 million undocumented immigrants in the United States."
Immigration advocates say that a culture of fear created by expanded agent powers has had an impact on how immigrants report crimes committed against them as well, noting a decrease in the number of reports of sexual assault and other crimes in cities with large immigrant communities like Los Angeles and Houston.
© REUTERS/ Denis Balibouse UN Warns of Mass Deportations of Migrants Following Trump Immigration Policy
According to Sacchetti, the ICE office credited with arresting the most immigrants with no criminal record is in Atlanta, with close to 700 arrests, a startling uptick from last year's 137 arrests. The largest percentage increase comes from the Philadelphia office, however, which has arrested six times as many immigrants as the previous year.
Carlos A. Gimenez, Republican mayor of Florida's Miami-Dade, noted that there have been more immigration protests in the city under Trump than he saw under former President Barack Obama. He said, "It's all got to do with the president…Most of it has to do with politics. It's sad."
Interestingly, even with the previous protections, government data indicates that Obama deported more people than any other president, with close to three million people being removed from the country between 2009 and 2015. He edged out his predecessor, George W. Bush, who oversaw the deportation of just over two million people during his tenure.
This statistic led some advocacy groups to label Obama the "Deporter In Chief."
On the campaign trail Trump accused immigrants from Mexico of being criminals, drug dealers and rapists, using this claim as justification for the proposed construction of a wall along the southern border to mitigate the flow of undocumented people into the US.
This continues to be a popular idea among Trump supporters and the far-right. After Trump ordered a missile strike on a Syrian airbase recently, a protest led by white nationalist leader Richard Spencer featured chants like "We want walls, not war!"
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
"I love the thought of recycled skeletons,
"Imagine walking down your street and all you dead relatives were lampposts,
"Brilliant."
No, that's not a demented haiku that's been mangled through Google Translate, but one of the increasingly bizarre-but-brilliant 140-character missives that former Everton and Wales goalkeeper Neville Southall has been sending out of his Twitter account recently.
For the sake of our younger readers, Southall was one of the finest goalkeepers of his generation. He won two league titles, a pair of FA Cups and a European Cup Winners' Cup on his way to becoming Wales' most capped player.
(Image: Hulton Archive)
And now he's the most entertaining ex-pro on Twitter.
The Toffees legend was a fairly early adopter of the social network, signing up in March 2011 and used the platform to retweet a number of charitable causes, such as dog shelters and the like, which he gets a hat tip for.
But earlier this week he started tweeting about skeletons and that's when things got gloriously weird.
Seemingly inspired by Theresa May's dismal attempts at running the country (Big Nev was an ardent supporter of Jeremy Corbyn at the last election), Southall has fired off a series of darkly satirical skeleton-inspired tweets taking aim at the hapless Tory goverment.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
"2 skeletons in A & E one said to other won't be long now. MAYS Britain," goes one.
"2 skeletons sat in job centre one said to other what's a job," is another.
"2 skeletons surrounded by terrorists. One says to other what police cuts," he continues.
So far, so surreal. I mean, I wouldn't be surprised if the concept of Neville Southall is purely one invented by Chris Morris for an upcoming project.
Away from his political musings, he's also been getting proper weird, pondering life where the bones of your dead relatives are made into lampposts (see above) or chairs...
... and what it would be like if skeletons lined the streets, holding up street signs...
... or making motorbikes out of skeletons.
No, I've no idea either.
So, that's raising awareness for good causes, dark surrealist humour, plus attacking Theresa May and the Tory government's failing austerity policies.
He sure gets our vote.
Never change, Neville...
GURUGRAM: Former chief minister of Chhattisgarh Ajit Jogi is on life support at the Medanta Hospital in Haryana's Gurugram. According to the doctors, his condition is stable at the moment.
The former IAS officer and first Chief Minister of Chhattisgarh was brought to Medanta Hospital by an air ambulance on Wednesday after being diagnosed with pneumonia.
The 72-year-old Chhattisgarh Janata Congress party chief was earlier undergoing treatment at a Raipur hospital.
"Jogi`s condition is stable and he is on ventilator support. The next bulletin will be shared at 10 am. on Thursday," Senior Medical Superintendent Dr. AK Dubey said.
Jogi is being treated by a team of doctors led by Yatin Mehta.
Jogi's wife Dr Renu, son Amit and daughter-in-law Dr. Richa are with him at the hospital.
Before being shifted to Gurugram, Chhattisgarh Chief Minister Dr. Raman Singh met Ajit Jogi at the Raipur hospital and wished for his speedy recovery.
(With IANS Inputs)
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As a specialist divorce lawyer with 40 years experience, Vanessa Lloyd Platt has seen it all.
Couples carrying out ruthless acts of revenge on one another, divorcing over a pet tarantula, and arguing over the garden furniture is just part and parcel of the job.
And while it can have its glamorous side, Vanessa, who's represented showbiz stars such as Les Dennis, Anne Diamond and TV's Dr Hilary Jones, says working as a divorce lawyer is tough too.
“People think it's easy,” Vanessa says, “Actually we have to deal with huge emotional fall out from clients. We're like psychologists in a way.
“But there are times when you feel you are living in a soap. Some of the things people do to each other are ridiculous.”
(Image: BBC)
Vanessa is dishing the dirt as glossy new BBC One drama The Split began tonight.
The six-part show is set in the fast-paced world of London's divorce law circuit and follows the lives three sisters – divorce lawyers Hannah and Nina and their youngest sibling Rose.
Most of the divorce lawyers in the drama are female, reflecting how the profession has changed in recent years.
“Years ago when I first started out, there were very few women lawyers in divorce,” Vanessa explains. “I'll never forget my first boss saying to me, ‘You're a woman, you can do divorce'. Now he wouldn't get away with saying that. More and more women lawyers have come into the profession and overtaken the men - the women lawyers are now the force to be reckoned with.”
(Image: BBC)
This is a ruthless world of cheating and betrayal - and the warring couples aren't much better.
Adultery is one of the most common causes for divorce, though it turns out straightforward lust may not always be the reason. In her book, Secrets of Relationship Success, Vanessa found men making a bizarre admission about why they cheated.
She says: “In a survey I conducted, I asked 80 men who had committed adultery to set out their reasons for being disloyal, in order of priority. One of the most common reasons given was: ‘My wife had started to look and sound like her mother.'”
Some of the more shocking cases Vanessa has dealt with involve revenge, but she warns that while it may feel sweet in the moment, it usually comes back to bite people.
Vanessa's tips if you are considering getting a divorce: 1. Choose the right lawyer. Your personalities have got to match. If you are someone who is a bit nervous and frightened, you don't want to someone you cannot communicate with 2. Choose somebody at the price you can afford 3. Write out a short history of what's happened before you go to see a lawyer 4. Write down a list of all the questions you want to ask your lawyer 5. Don't carry anger too much into your meeting with the lawyer. It might obscure some of the important things 6. Tell your lawyer everything. Often people say just as they're leaving, ‘Oh does it matter that he's got a child by someone else?' 7. Be careful with your expectations. Just because your friend has got a big settlement, doesn't mean you are going to 8. If you do get a settlement, then do not blow it with the first person offering you an investment 9. Your children are not deaf. Be careful where you have conversations and how you have them 10. Do not think you have a free-for-all to go into your partner's laptop or mobile phone without permission. People think it is acceptable, but a lawyer is not permitted to look at it if it's been unlawfully obtained
Vanessa says: “There was a case where a wife drove her husband's new Mercedes to a cliff top, got out, took off the handbrake and allowed it to topple over the edge.
"It was absolutely destroyed, but what she didn't realise was that the court would take into account the value of the car and deduct it from HER settlement.
"So revenge isn't sweet. She found the full force of the law weighted against her when finances came to be dealt with. The car was worth approximately £60,000 and her capital claims were severely affected.
“Then, the wife who poured paint stripper all over her estranged husband's car when she discovered his infidelity was found guilty of criminal damage... which again left her financially far worse off.”
(Image: BBC)
But even when they're not left financially scarred, scorned lovers' acts of attempted revenge do not always go smoothly.
Vanessa says: “One of the funniest incidents was where my client's wife wanted to end the relationship.
"She was so annoyed that she strutted into his business meeting with these high-flying businessmen from Japan and all she was wearing was a fur coat. She exposed herself to everyone in the meeting.
The husband was absolutely furious - he thought he'd lose this really important business deal. But far from it, the businessmen said it was the best meeting they'd been to! Nevertheless, we got injunctions to stop her doing it again.”
There's a bad smell to two other stories of wreaked revenge with which Vanessa has dealt.
(Image: BBC)
One betrayed wife arranged for a lorryload of manure to be delivered to the home of her husband's mistress while they were both inside, and another woman hid a prawn inside the light fitting of a lamp the couple were fighting about.
For weeks her husband had a foul smell in his new flat and couldn't figure out where it was coming from until he eventually found the decomposing crustacean.
Vanessa recalls: “Afterwards, he got a plate of prawns delivered to her and said, ‘I'd heard revenge was a dish best served cold but I hadn't heard about prawns!' Now they both laugh about it.
“Love and hate are so closely linked. People can flit between feeling so in love with someone, to feeling so much anger that is beyond control. Our job as divorce lawyers is to control it.”
A trend Vanessa has noticed on the rise in more recent years is couples fighting over their pets. So much so the lawyer was compelled to draft the first ‘pet-nup', the animal equivalent of a pre-nuptial agreement.
(Image: Getty Images)
And it isn't just dogs and cats couples fall out over - one divorce case of Vanessa's involved a pet tarantula.
“The funniest one we had was involving Timmy the tarantula. The client's husband insisted on having Timmy in a glass case next to the bed. In the end, she said, ‘Either Timmy goes or I do'. And she went.”
It is also common for couples to argue over prized possessions when splitting up, but one of the stranger objects Vanessa's client fought over was a garden trowel and fork.
“The couple had already dealt with the house division, the properties and the children,” Vanessa recalls, “But they were fighting over one garden set - a trowel and fork. This went on and on until I bought a shiny new one for my client and said, ‘Here we go, can we call it a day now please?'”
So the moral of this story has to be, if you find yourself in a divorce hole, stop digging.
Vanessa Lloyd Platt is founder and director of Lloyd Platt & Co divorcesolicitors.com.
Six-part drama The Split will be on at 9pm on Tuesday on BBC One.
Lucknow: With Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections around the corner, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address a mega rally in Lucknow on Monday.
The Prime Minister is expected to announce pro-poor schemes in the rally.
The Parivartan Rally will be held at Ramabai Ambedkar grounds.
UP election is being considered as the real test for the Prime Minister and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) post demonetisation.
In 2014 General Elections, of the 80 Lok Sabha seats the BJP had won 71.
BJP president Amit Shah and Home Minister Rajnath Singh will attend the Parivartan rally along with PM Modi.
Reports claim that 10 lakh BJP supporters are expected to attend the massive rally.
A six-week-old goat was taken from a barn on Townline Road in Hagersville.
The culprit gained access to the barn and removed the goat from an enclosure in the early morning hours on Nov. 24.
Police say there is no indication that another animal entered the barn and removed the goat.
Haldimand OPP are continuing to investigate. Anyone with information is asked to contact the Haldimand County OPP detachment at 1-888-310-1122.
Dead cow tied to trailer
The OPP is on the hunt for those responsible for tying a dead cow to a trailer located on a 10th Concession Road, North Walsingham property.
A resident reported the act to Norfolk OPP on Dec. 6. The investigation continues.
Theft from wishing well
The great spectacle of Simcoe's Christmas Panorama River of Lights is not immune to crime.
Someone forcibly opened a donation wishing well in Wellington Park early Friday and removed a quantity of money.
The wishing well has been placed in the park to accept donations for the Panorama light display.
Norfolk OPP are seeking the public's assistance with reporting any suspicious activity or persons within the park.
"Police feel it is imperative that those who commit mischief and thefts know and fully understand that there are consequences for their negative behaviour and that the Norfolk County OPP will hold everyone accountable for these acts. It is important that these offenders understand the impact their negative acts have on their communities,” Norfolk OPP Constable Ed Sanchuk said in a release.
Cottage damaged by fire
A cottage located in Selkirk suffered an estimated $100,000 damage in a recent fire.
On Friday at 8:27 p.m., OPP and Haldimand County Fire Services responded to Melville Lane for a structure fire. Witnesses reported there were no occupants inside and the structure was undergoing renovations. The fire was not suspicious and the blaze was contained that night.
Illegal hunting near Port Dover
Hunters are reminded that it is illegal to discharge a firearm from inside a vehicle or on a road allowance.
Norfolk OPP received a complaint after a hunter was reportedly spotted shooting a gun from a vehicle on the Woodhouse East Quarter Line Road Saturday afternoon.
The complainant reportedly observed a man driving on the East Quarter Line before stopping and taking a shot. The man got out of the vehicle and retrieved something from an adjoining field, at which time he was confronted.
The shooter left the area and was last seen heading north on Highway 6 by way of Lynn Valley Road.
“The Ministry of Natural Resources has been contacted and notified of the incident,” Const. Ed Sanchuk of the Norfolk OPP said in a news release.
Home-made blade stolen
A home-made grading blade was reportedly stolen near Port Rowan last week.
The seven-foot blade is designed to attach to a tractor and has an estimated value of $2,000.
The theft occurred on the South Walsingham East Quarter Line Road late Thursday or in the early morning hours of Friday.
Norfolk OPP are investigating.
Break-in on Hastings Drive
A Long Point cottage was broken into recently but nothing appears to have been stolen.
The break-in on Hastings Drive occurred sometime between Nov. 30 and Sunday.
Norfolk OPP are investigating.
Theft in subdivision
Cash and personal identification were stolen from a vehicle in Simcoe on the weekend.
The theft in the Sihler Woods subdivision at the corner of Argyle Street and Lynnwood Avenue occurred in the early morning hours of Saturday.
Taken was an envelope containing $800 in Canadian currency, a black fanny pack containing a passport and American currency, and a pair of sunglasses.
Norfolk OPP are investigating.
Medical marijuana stolen from garage
Four medical marijuana plants were stolen during a break-in near Windham Centre last week.
The plants were located in a locked garage at a property on Windham Road 10. The break-in occurred sometime between Dec. 2 and Dec. 4.
Norfolk OPP are investigating.
Booze stolen from shed
An undisclosed quantity of alcohol was stolen during a break-in in Delhi on the weekend.
The alcohol was removed from a garage on James Street in the early morning hours of Sunday.
Norfolk OPP are investigating.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) — Arkansas attorney general: State will not appeal execution stay for 1 inmate, will appeal for another set to die Monday.
"I had a good feeling right there and then they made a great play on Nick's ball," Atlanta manager Brian Snitker said. "That thing was two inches from being a base hit and here we go."
Vargas (2-3) pitched five scoreless innings, allowing just two hits and one intentional walk with two strikeouts.
The Mets got what they needed from Vargas, who was pitching on three days' rest and began the game 1-3 with a 10.62 ERA in five starts in his first season with New York.
New York made it 2-0 in the seventh off Atlanta starter Julio Teheran (4-3) when Rosario tripled with two outs and scored on Nimmo's single.
The Mets went up 3-1 in the eighth on Gonzalez's single off Sam Freeman and took a 4-1 lead in the ninth when Rosario doubled off Miguel Socolovich and scored on Nimmo's double.
New York led 1-0 in the fourth when Jay Bruce doubled and scored on Gonzalez's double.
Teheran gave up five hits, two runs and three walks in seven innings. He struck out three.
New York moved Vargas up in the rotation after Noah Syndergaard went on the disabled list with a strained ligament in his right index finger. Vargas had given up 34 hits, including six homers, with 10 walks in 20 1/3 innings in his first season with the Mets.
But he kept Atlanta off-balance, allowing just a first-inning single to Freddie Freeman and a second-inning double to Charlie Culberson.
Tim Peterson, making his major league debut, retired the first four batters he faced before Johan Camargo hit his fourth homer in the seventh to cut the lead to 2-1.
DROP IN THE STANDINGS
The Braves had been in first place since May 2, but never by more than 1 1/2 games.
PERFECT CONDITIONS
After the first three games had over four combined hours of delays caused by rain or the threat of a storm, Wednesday's games breezed through in 2 hours, 42 minutes. The temperature stayed in the high 70s on a clear night.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Mets: LHP Steven Matz is listed day to day, and the team hopes he won't miss a turn in the rotation with a mild strain in his middle left finger. Manager Mickey Callaway said Matz isn't expected to go on the disabled list.
Braves: RHP Mike Soroka, on the disabled list the past two weeks with a right shoulder strain, will make his first rehab appearance Friday at Class A Rome.
UP NEXT
Mets: RHP Seth Lugo (1-1, 2.48 ERA) will make his first start of the season as the Mets open a four-game home series against the Chicago Cubs. In 26 starts, he's 12-6 with a 4.09 ERA. He's 0-1 with a 9.00 ERA in one start and two relief appearances when facing the Cubs.
Braves: LHP Sean Newcomb (5-1, 2.75 ERA) is coming off no-decision last Saturday at Boston in which he lasted just three innings and gave up six hits and three runs. Before that, Newcomb had won four starts this month and allowed just one run and nine hits in 25 innings. Newcomb is 0-2 with a 9.72 ERA in two career starts against Washington.
___
For more AP baseball coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By George Henry, The Associated Press
The Helena Bengals were the best girls basketball team in the state yet again this season as Bengals won their second consecutive state title. Although it was teamwork that made the dream work for the Bengals, their celebration was extended Monday morning when Jamie Pickens was named Montana's Gatorade Player of the Year.
The 6-foot-2 inch junior led the Bengals to a 21-3 season and their second straight AA State Championship. The first-team All-state forward and Lady Griz commit averaged 15 points, 12 rebounds, three steals, two assists, and two blocks per game. Pickens and teammate, Kamden Hilborn shared tournament MVP honors earlier this month after defeating Missoula Sentinel in the title game for their second straight state championship. Despite the accomplishment, Pickens says that the team's run still means more to her.
"It was a really big honor. I know there are a lot of really good players out there so to be able to compete with them and receive this honor was a big deal obviously. I think winning the state title was probably the best part of the whole year. The Gatorade was like the cherry on top but I got to do the other thing with my team and coaches and fans and supporters instead of just me," said Pickens.
Boy, 6, passenger on illegal dirt bike, killed in collision with SUV in W. Philly, police say
Boy, 6, passenger on illegal dirt bike, killed in collision with SUV in W. Philly, police say Apr 23
Joseph A. Gambardello is online breaking news editor. A former wire service foreign correspondent and New York City newspaper journalist, he joined the Inquirer in 1995 and has worked on the city, South Jersey, features, and online desks.
The driver of a car that slammed into a house in Franconia Township earlier this month, killing a sleeping 86-year-old woman, has been charged vehicular homicide and related offenses, authorities say.
Officials said Joseph Bezanis, 21, of Telford, was behind the wheel of a 1995 Toyota that went off the road at a curve and slammed into a home on Harleysville Pike at a speed of about 80 mph in the first minutes of April, 6.
The car smashed through the wall and into a bedroom, killing Marianne Lambert, officials said.
The Montgomery County District Attorney's Office said toxicology tests showed Bazanis had a blood alcohol level of 0.17, more than twice the legal limit, and had traces of THC, the active component of marijuana, in his system.
“The defendant's decision to use marijuana as well as drink at a local bar turned deadly when he got behind the wheel of his vehicle and drove impaired,” District Attorney Kevin Steele said in a statement. “The defendant turned his vehicle into a lethal weapon that killed a grandmother as she was sleeping in her bed. His actions have left a family without a matriarch and have forever affected their feelings of safety in their own home.”
Bezanis was arraigned Monday on charges of vehicular homicide DUI, DUI, reckless endangerment, reckless driving and other offenses. He was released after posting $100,000 unsecured bail. A preliminary hearing is set for April 30.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A pensioner died after a fire broke out in her home which took firefighters more than 90 minutes to attend.
Molly Wigmore, 76, whose death was caused by smoke inhalation, lived just a mile from a fire station but the initial 999 call reporting an alarm sounding and smell of smoke from her house was dismissed as just "smoke in the area".
That 999 call was made at 5.17am and should have automatically led to a crew being dispatched to investigate but a senior operator on duty overruled, which meant no-one was sent.
Neighbours made a second call at 6.44am and a fire engine finally arrived at 6.50am, 93 minutes after the first 999 report, by which time the house was well alight.
(Image: Plymouth Herald / SWNS.com)
Mrs Wigmore was later found dead in her bedroom and her pet cat Geraldine also died in the fire in Plymouth, Devon.
An angry neighbour yelled: "You should have been here two hours ago" and that "if she's dead, it's on you" to fire crews when they arrived at her home, a coroner heard.
Station manager David Roddy, who led an investigation, confirmed that one officer in the control room was dismissed after the blunder in October.
A second received a final written warning and re-training over the incident.
(Image: Plymouth Herald / SWNS.com)
The inquest in Plymouth heard a call handler dismissed the smell from the burning house as 'only smoke in the area' to one worried neighbour.
Mr Roddy told the coroner the blame lay with individual error and said: "This was an individual failing rather than an organisational failing."
The inquest found that a crew deployment was "overruled" in a "breach of procedure".
Mr Roddy told the hearing that following a call reporting a smell of smoke a minimum of one pump should have been deployed immediately.
(Image: Plymouth Herald / SWNS.com)
Mrs Wigmore's house was around a mile-and-a-half from Camel's Head Fire Station.
However, the senior operator overruled sending a pump to a call about "smoke in the area".
The inquest heard that two fire control room officers "failed to deal with calls with due diligence".
Mr Roddy said call handlers should have taken 'more care' over three calls to take the right course of action.
Det Con Glenn Harrop told the inquest that Mrs. Wigmore was in poor health and for these reasons it "couldn't be proved beyond all reasonable doubt" whether the delay in sending the fire engine resulted in her death.
Coroner Ian Arrow recorded a narrative conclusion.
After the inquest her sister Sheila said: "Molly was a loving lady. I am satisfied this was a one off but it is too tragic".
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores3 <
MIDWEST
Arizona St. 95, Kansas 85<
Cleveland St. 89, Notre Dame (Ohio) 56<
Ohio 89, W. Kentucky 84<
SIU-Edwardsville 76, South Alabama 75<
South Dakota 75, E. Washington 73<
Wis.-Stout 84, Finlandia 57<
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
When Ridgefield resident Conner Curran was diagnosed with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy, he was four years old.
His parents Christopher and Jessica Curran felt like their whole world was crumbling around them.
But now, two years later,
the Currans have taken his diagnosis and made it their mission to help Conner and other boys like him.
“It's devastating — all your hopes and dreams for your child go down the tube when you first find out,” said Jessica.
“We quickly realized after a couple of months that we wanted to take the negative energy from the diagnosis and turn it into positive action,” said Christopher.
“Time is our biggest enemy.”
Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy is a genetic disorder that causes progressive muscle degeneration — those suffering from the disease have a life expectancy of mid-to-late twenties.
So, the Currans began their race against time and founded Kindness Over Muscular Dystrophy (KOMD) under a larger nonprofit called Parent Project Muscular Dystrophy.
Since its foundation, they've raised over $250,000 specifically earmarked for Duchenne research — $91,000 of which came from their second annual fundraising event at Captain Lawrence Brewery last week, with contributions from Ridgefield businesses Tiger's Den who donated hundreds of their wings and Chez Leonard who left its usual Main Street spot to hand out hot dogs at Captain Lawrence.
Conner is in kindergarten at Barlow Mountain and dreams of being a chef and a pilot.
“He's learned to read and write, he's really smart he's just like any other boy in that way,” said Jessica.
“He loves legos, he loves drawing, hide and go seek — he's very curious and always wants to know how things work.”
This week, until Father's Day on Sunday, Parent Project has an anonymous donor that will match all donations made.
Every donation to KOMD will be doubled for the next four days.
To donate visit: http://www.parentprojectmd.org/site/TR?fr_id=4131&pg=entry.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
WASHINGTON: President Donald Trump and his Republican allies in Congress on Friday escalated a campaign against U.S. law enforcement agencies over their probe of Trump`s ties to Russia, releasing a disputed memo that the FBI warned was misleading and inaccurate.
The previously classified document, written by Republicans on the House of Representatives intelligence committee, alleges that the federal probe of potential collusion between Trump`s 2016 presidential campaign and Russia was a product of political bias against Trump at the FBI and Justice Department.
Ignoring a plea from the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Trump approved the release of the memo without redactions, deepening an extraordinary breach between the president and senior law enforcement officials over a probe that has dogged him during his first year in office.
Democrats said the four-page memo mischaracterises highly sensitive classified information and was intended to undermine Special Counsel Robert Mueller`s criminal probe into the Russia matter launched in May 2017 that grew out of an earlier FBI investigation. They warned Trump against using it as a pretext to fire Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who hired Mueller and oversees the investigation, or Mueller himself.
Asked by reporters whether the memo made him more likely to fire Rosenstein or whether he had confidence in him, Trump replied, "You figure that one out." Dismissing Rosenstein would likely ignite a political firestorm, much as his firing of FBI chief James Comey did last year.
Hours after Trump spoke, a White House official said there have been no discussions or considerations about firing Rosenstein.
Mueller also is examining whether Trump has committed obstruction of justice in trying to thwart the Russia probe.
The memo alleges that the FBI concealed the Democratic ties of a source the agency used to justify surveillance on a former Trump campaign advisor with ties to Russia. The memo listed a string of senior Justice Department officials including Rosenstein who it said signed off on this.
"I think it`s a disgrace what`s happening in our country," Trump told reporters when asked about the memo, adding that "a lot of people should be ashamed of themselves."
Some lawmakers accused Trump of playing into the hands of Russian President Vladimir Putin after, as Republican Senator John McCain put it, Russia "engaged in an elaborate plot to interfere in an American election and undermine our democracy."
"If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin`s job for him," McCain, who is being treated for brain cancer, said in a statement.
Mueller`s probe has led to guilty pleas by two of his foreign policy advisers to charges of lying to the FBI, and indictments of former campaign manager Paul Manafort and Manafort`s business partner Rick Gates.
Trump has called the investigation a "witch hunt," denying any collusion with Russia or obstruction of justice. Moscow has denied any election meddling.
`SACRED INVESTIGATIVE PROCESS`
In a swipe at U.S. law enforcement leaders on Twitter hours before the memo`s release, Trump said, "The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favour of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago."
It was his latest attack on top law enforcement officials. Trump fired Comey last May as the FBI pursued the Russia probe, leading to Mueller`s appointment by Rosenstein.
The FBI on Wednesday had expressed "grave concerns about material omissions of fact" in the document and urged that it not be made public. Writing on Twitter, Comey branded the memo "dishonest and misleading."
FBI Director Christopher Wray sent a message to bureau employees apparently aimed at boosting morale after the memo`s release. "I stand by our shared determination to do our work independently and by the book," Wray said in the message, excerpts of which were seen by Reuters.
The memo was commissioned by the Republican chairman of the House intelligence panel, Devin Nunes. It focused on court-approved surveillance of former Trump campaign aide Carter Page and said the FBI used a source who was strongly biased against Trump - former British spy Christopher Steele - to justify the action.
It alleged that a dossier of alleged Trump-Russia contacts compiled by Steele, and funded in part by U.S. Democrats, formed an "essential part" of requests to a special court to be allowed to conduct electronic surveillance on Page that began in October 2016.
It said the initial application and subsequent renewal applications, signed off on by various senior Justice Department officials, did not mention the link between Steele and the Democrats. It also portrayed Steele as "passionate" about Trump not becoming president.
Despite the memo`s charges, neither the focus on Page nor the FBI`s investigation of Trump-Russia ties began with the Steele dossier.
Page appeared on the FBI`s radar screen as early as 2013, when he met in New York with Russians who were officers of the Kremlin`s foreign intelligence service, sources have said.
The memo acknowledges that the FBI counterintelligence investigation began in July 2016 - three months before the request for electronic surveillance on Page - as a result of the activities of another Trump campaign aide, George Papadopoulos.
Papadopoulos told an Australian diplomat in May 2016 that Russia had political dirt on Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, information Australian officials passed to the U.S. government, the New York Times reported in December.
The entire file that the Justice Department used to apply for permission to eavesdrop on Page remains highly classified, making it hard to evaluate the memo`s contents.
"The selective release and politicization of classified information sets a terrible precedent and will do long-term damage to the Intelligence Community and our law enforcement agencies," House intelligence committee Democrats said in a statement.
They said they hoped the panel would vote on Monday to release their own memo responding to the allegations.
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who has recused himself from the Russia investigation, indicated he planned to refer the memo`s allegations to the Justice Department`s inspector general for investigation.
A White House official said Trump had always been inclined to release the Republican memo, despite the FBI`s urging that he not do so, and he relied heavily on Chief of Staff John Kelly and White House Counsel Don McGahn in approving the release.
© Josh Edelson/AFP/Getty Images
The UK is covered in snow again which many might curse as they have to trudge to work, but it can also present some fun opportunities too. So before the sun rears its head you can grab your camera and get shooting. The snow makes for some great photos, but also some tricky shooting experiences.
Here are five tips to help you take some great pictures, whether you're just capturing the moment or trying to grab that perfect picture for your Christmas cards.
Chances are your camera is going to get confused by the snow no end - you can use a "snow" scene setting if your camera has one, else just notch up the exposure compensation on the camera. If the subject is too dark against the snow then +1 should do it - don't worry if the snow overexposes a little, it can add to its look and stop everything from looking too grey.
Another approach is to change the camera's metering. By default most cameras are set to centre-weighted where they consider the majority of the scene before making an exposure. There are also partial and spot metering options that consider only the centre and the pinpoint centre of the shot respectively and so will base an exposure on this area. If that's where your subject is, the exposure will be set accordingly and you probably won't need to adjust the exposure compensation as outlined above.
Shooting a snow storm doesn't look that pretty because there are no contrasting colours - everything looks rather monotone in grey or white. Wait till the sky clears and the snow stops falling and now you've got a crystal blue sky to shoot against. If the sun is refusing to come out then it can help if your subjects are brightly dressed. Scarves are a great way of adding a dash of bright red or green into the picture to offset the white backdrop.
However, colour - or the lack of it - can also pose an issue with what's called "white balance". Your camera will be set to auto white balance (AWB) by default, but if you find shots are coming out too blue it's because the white snow is confusing the camera. As in the previous tip, using a "snow" scene mode can help out, or if you're feeling really adventurous go to manual white balance. The lower the number (in degrees Kelvin) the bluer or more "cool" a scene will look, the higher the number the more yellow or "warm" it will appear. It can be fiddly to mess around with, but getting the right balance where the snow is as close to white as possible pays off in the final shot.
This goes for all pictures you take but think about getting down to the level of your subject. Shooting a snowman by lying on the floor will give you a sense that he is far bigger than he is. Likewise when it comes to shooting a snowball fight if you're photographing kids - get low. If you're feeling brave get them to throw snowballs at you just as you take the picture... just make sure your camera's up to it!
At the other end of the scale getting up high for landscapes will enable your camera look down upon the subject - it will reveal more of what you're looking at and look that much more professional. Choose a wide-angle zoom setting to open up the scene to be broader than the eye can see. But keep your wits about you - don't go climbing up any precarious icy things to get the shot; it's best to stay safe.
All that reflective snow around means there will be plenty of light. Avoid shooting into the sun if it's out, as it'll confuse the camera's exposure and you'll get lens flare. Also avoid your subject staring into the sun's direction as they'll squint - and it's already bad enough with all that light bouncing around from the snow.
Keep the sun at right-angles to your subject during morning and evening hours and at an acute angle from behind you when it's high in the sky, for improved scene exposure. The best shots will also mostly be snapped either late in the day or first thing as this is when the light is golden and, at least often, the sun is untouched. That warm light may look better to not be white - see the white balance colour tip above - so review your shots after shooting and keep taking more.
If you're venturing out into the woods or city it might sound obvious or even silly to say, but wrap up warm. Take a blanket (for lying on), gloves are an essential to avoid cold hands and wellies can be useful to avoid wet feet.
Also make sure you've got a full charge in your camera's battery. Batteries don't last as long when they are cold so you're likely not to get quite as many shots out of one, though only marginally, compared to a baking hot, sunny day. Just like a car windscreen, camera lenses can also steam up when removed from warmer bags. It's not like you've got a heated bag, but those subtle changes can cause the lens to fog up so also pack a microfibre lens cloth as tissues and the like just won't cut it.
One other fun thing about snow is that you can always "build a tripod" out of it rather than a snowman so at least that's one less thing to pack.
Ptriodactyl is gearing up for its third tour of 2018, spreading the sounds of jazz across the Shuswap.
The jazz trio, consisting of Salmon Arm's Jake McIntyre-Paul on bass, as well as Jessica Heaven and Gavia Lertzman-Lepofsky of Vancouver on vocals and violin respectively, produces soulful vocal melodies that are carried along by quiet, understated instrumentals. Though their sound could be described as minimalist, it is obvious that each piece is meant to contribute to the whole.
Related: Ptriodactyl evolves from love of jazz
Ptriodactyl completed its first Shuswap tour in April, followed by a Vancouver Island tour. These first forays on tour were learning experiences for the group, and they hope to put those lessons into practice on this next tour.
“Because we live so far apart, each tour is really a time for us to develop our music and kind of get more comfortable with each other and get our interaction better and figure out our sound,” McIntyre-Paul says.I think one of the things we have been learning a lot about lately is the balance between pre rehearsed arranged things and leaving room for spontaneity.”
On this note, Mcintyre-Paul says they have been trying out an interesting exercise in improvisation at their recent shows.
“The very first song of every set is completely improvised on the spot; we don't talk about the key, we don't talk about anything, we just start playing. We find it is one of our new rituals for setting the space and kind of getting ourselves in the right mindset.”
Ptriodactyl's upcoming tour across the Shuswap will see them playing July 7 at the Shuswap Opry in Blind Bay, July 8 at Music by the River in Mara, July 12 at the Shuswap Pie Company in Salmon Arm, July 13 at Lorenzo's Cafe in Enderby, July 17 at the Lakeside Manor in Salmon Arm and July 19 in the Downtown Live series in Salmon Arm.
In addition to the tour, Ptriodactyl is getting ready to record their first release. Mcintyre-Paul will also be making the move to Vancouver in September, leaving the hometown he has lived in since he was three years old to be closer to his bandmates and to attend Capilano University's jazz program.
“I think I'm going to miss the pace, I'm going to miss all the people, probably the biggest thing will be the community of jazz musicians I play with around here,” he says. “I started playing with some of these people when I was 14 and could barely play swing tunes, I kind of feel like a product of the scene here in a way.”
@Jodi_Brak117
jodi.brak@saobserver.net
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
HP is slowly but surely building back the name that made it a widely beloved PC maker back in the day. And, it's done so with laptops, the same brand of mobile workhorses that were thought to be dead just a few years ago. But, thanks to the advent of Windows 10 and convertible laptops that no longer suck, even the best HP laptop is getting better every day. These days, we've seen HP become a company concentrating on design flair rather than cheapness.
In some ways, this means the reintroduction of its increasingly prominent ‘privacy filter,' called SureView, to an ever-expanding range of devices. In others, it equates to the gorgeous gold trimmings we're seeing on HP's high-end offerings, like the HP Spectre line of Ultrabooks and 2-in-1s. To help you find the best HP laptop for your demands, we've gone hands on with a wide range of hardware, narrowing our picks down to the 5 best HP laptops on the market in 2018.
1. HP Spectre x360
The perfect hybird laptop
CPU: 8th Gen Intel Core i5 – i7 | Graphics: : Intel HD Graphics 620 | RAM: 8GB – 16GB | Screen: 13.3-inch, FHD (1,920 x 1,080) – UHD (3,840 x 2,160) | Storage: 256GB – 1TB SSD
Long battery life with quick charging
Keyboard has strong tactile feedback
Gets expensive quickly
HP has been steadily perfecting its flagship 13-inch convertible laptop and it's among one of our favorite 2-in-1 laptops for a few years running. It has perfectly slim bezels and is lightweight enough to use as a tablet regularly. As a regular notebook, you won't find many with a more tactile keyboard, brilliantly vibrant display or two Windows Hello biometric solutions.
2. HP Spectre 13
The thinnest Ultrabook
CPU: 8th Gen Intel Core i5 – i7 | Graphics: Intel UHD Graphics 620 | RAM: 8 – 16GB | Screen: 13.3-inch, FHD (1,920 x 1,080) – UHD (3,840 x 2,160) | Storage: 256GB – 1TB SSD
Impossibly thin and light
Top-notch looks
Light on ports
Second-rate trackpad
This may very well be the most gorgeous laptop we've ever laid our eyes (and hands) on. The ceramic white finish is complemented by a two-prong, glossy hinge design that's absolutely irresistible. That's all fine and dandy, but in terms of power it's a real winner too. As a matter of fact, it leverages the sheer might of the most recent 8th-generation Intel CPUs nigh-flawlessly.
3. HP Pavilion 15
The all-around best laptop for school
CPU: AMD A10 – A12 or 7th Gen Intel Core i5 – i7 | Graphics: : AMD Radeon R5 – R7 or Intel HD 620 Graphics; Nvidia GeForce 940MX | RAM: 8 –16GB | Screen: 15.6-inch HD (1366 x 768) – HD (1,920 x 1,080) | Storage: 128 – 512GB SSD; 1 – 2TB HDD
Affordably priced for students
Extremely customizable
HD only screen to start
What it lacks in performance prowess, the HP Pavilion 15 makes up for in finesse. It's one of the few remaining AMD-based laptops that HP is still making, which should certainly entice those on a budget. It's affordable, but don't think cheap. The HP Pavilion 15 is a rare example of a laptop that knows how to strike a balance, making it an excellent value proposition, especially for students.
4. HP Chromebook 14 G4
HP's most affordable laptop
CPU: Intel Celeron N2840 – N2940 | Graphics: : Intel HD Graphics | RAM: 2 – 4 GB | Screen: 14-inch HD (1366 x 768) – HD (1,920 x 1,080) | Storage: 16 – 32GB eMMC
Long battery life
Large screen real estate
Fully plastic build
No one wants to blow their entire tax refund on a laptop, which is why laptops like the HP Chromebook 14 G4 exist to begin with. It's economical without feeling cheap, a distinction that many Chromebooks have made since their inception six years ago. The HP Chromebook 14 G4 in particular boasts a subtle, yet refined appearance that will remain in style for years to come.
5. HP Omen X
The ultimate gaming laptop
CPU: 7th Gen Intel Core i7 | Graphics: : Nvidia GTX 1070 – 1080 | RAM: 12 – 32GB RAM | Screen: 17.3-inch FHD (1,920 x 1,080) 120Hz – UHD (3,840 x 2,160) | Storage: 128GB – 1TB SSD; 1TB HDD
Top-end gaming specs
Designed for overclocking
Short battery life
Gaming laptops have long been criticized for their lack of upgradeability, thereby making them more disposable than a gaming desktop by nature. HP, on the other hand, has subverted this crucial flaw by adding an essential features that most gamer's notebooks lack. Specifically, the Omen X adds overclocking, meaning you determine performance rather than HP.
It's that time of year again, as the Harrogate Advertiser launches its Song for Christmas 2017.
Schools from around the district have been sharing their songs for the festive season, which we will be featured on our website in the run-up to Christmas.
Junior Voices at Pannal Primary School
Junior Voices from Pannal Primary School, which consists of 90 key stage two children, have chosen to sing their favourite Christmas song called 'Rockalullaby'. It is extra special for the children because it was written for them by Mrs Potter, who works at the school.
Photo: Greg Williams
By Jon Wiederhorn
Heading into the 2018 GRAMMY nomination season, many expected Ed Sheeran to sweep numerous categories. While he was nominated for two GRAMMYs – Best Pop Solo Performance (“Shape Of You”) and Best Pop Vocal Album (Divide) — Sheeran isn't on the ballot for the biggest awards, including Record of the Year, Album of the Year and Song of the Year.”
Related: Ed Sheeran Trades Beer-Stained Shirt For Niall Horan Hockey Jersey
In a recent interview, Sheeran said he wasn't upset when he found out about the snub; in fact, he believes it was ‘meant to be.'
“There's a very clear reason why that happened and it's bigger than me, like much bigger than me. And like it's just something that, again, it was just meant to be,” he told Billboard. “That is the way that this year was meant to roll out.”
Sheeran added that he has everything going for him, and he has received numerous recent honors and accolades, so why complain?
“You know, I'm not dying. It's not like I'm never gonna be nominated for a Grammy again,” he said. “And I was nominated for two GRAMMYs. This is why everything's meant to be. The week after that, I get an MBE from the palace, I go Number One on Spotify, I go Number One on Billboard. I'm about to have my second ever Billboard Number One. Like, there are so many other things in the mix that counterbalance it.”
“That's just the way I live my life,” he concluded. “When one door closes, another door opens. You'll really, really send yourself mental if you think into things too much, and I'm just so easy-going when it comes to that.”
WASHINGTON (AP) — One congressman says he's going to start carrying a gun in public. Others want beefed-up security at town hall meetings.
Wednesday's shooting of a top Republican while he was practicing for a congressional baseball game has jolted lawmakers.
It also highlights their vulnerability when they are in public. Only the leaders of Congress get security details. Rank-and-file members do not.
That's why Republican Rep. Chris Collins of New York says he is going to start carrying a gun in public.
Advertisement
On Wednesday morning, Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana was shot as the Republican baseball team practiced for its annual game against congressional Democrats.
Two members of the Capitol Police were injured along with a congressional aide and a lobbyist. The assailant died after the incident.
The Sigma Alpha Epsilon chapter at Northwestern University has been suspended by its national headquarters f ollowing allegations of sexual assault at the local fraternity house The Chicago Tribune reports that the suspension was confirmed Friday Sigma Alpha Epsilon spokesman Brandon Weghorst says the chapter has to "cease and desist all operations," meaning it can't hold chapter meetings, attend fraternity social events or take part in other activities under the fraternity's banner.The newspaper has reported that Northwestern administrators issued a security alert on Feb. 6 after reports that as many as four female students were possibly given a date rape drug last month during an event at the fraternity's house. Two of the women said they were sexually assaulted.The reported sexual assaults are under investigation.
ALBANY — Republican candidate for governor Marc Molinaro on Wednesday said that if elected, he would move to ban campaign contributions from businesses and individuals that do business with the state or seek to do business with the state.
“If we are to begin restoring that trust — and we must — political donations from state vendors and contract holders must be permanently outlawed,” Molinaro said in a Buffalo news conference, taking a not-so-veiled swipe at Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo.
A Molinaro spokeswoman, Katherine Delgado, said the ban would apply to all statewide and legislative candidates.
Molinaro would also end the so-called “LLC loophole,” in which corporations create limited liability companies to skirt the $5,000 corporate limit for campaign contributions.
State law already prohibits conflicts of interest by those doing work with the state, although companies and individuals doing business with the state may still contribute to campaigns. Cuomo has also proposed several times to end the LLC loophole.
“No contribution of any size influences any government action — period,” said Cuomo campaign spokeswoman Abbey Fashouer. She said Molinaro is “desperately trying to deflect from the sad state of his campaign.”
What Molinaro is proposing is not that unusual, said Richard H. Pildes, a professor of constitutional law at the New York University School of Law. “Bans on campaign contributions from those directly doing business with the state now exist in many states,” he said.
This summer, the U.S. attorney's office will prosecute a case involving one of Cuomo's biggest economic development projects, the Buffalo A Billion, and some major developers who have also been big contributors to Cuomo's campaigns. The developers, together with a former SUNY official and others, are accused in a bid-rigging and bribery scheme; Cuomo hasn't been accused of wrongdoing.
Get The 1600 newsletter Get our inside look at the White House and goings on in the Donald Trump administration. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Molinaro would have to craft his proposal in a way that could withstand challenges, “but that could easily be done,” said Susan Lerner of Common Cause-NY. “If you have a governor who wants it to get done, it will get done.”
Laurie is a rare Seattle-born Native. She has raised her children, but as a working mom knows how important it is to look and feel your best. She currently volunteers with Queen It's a New Day, a non-profit organization in Everett, giving women a hand up to feel great inside and out. As a published author and life coach, Laurie is WARM's Afternoon Traffic host with the philosophy of…” traffic is a lot like life, sometimes you have a speed –limit drive and sometimes you hit a slow-down or detour, but with the right guidance and information, we can all get through it together”.
Struggling to think of what your elf can get up to next.
Fear not, thanks to our creative readers here's ideas a plenty...in fact there's one a night until the big day.
I wrote here about the strange case of Tommy Robinson, and Scott followed up here. The case is strange indeed: Robinson was live-streaming on Facebook from the street in front of a courthouse in Leeds where a number of defendants were on trial for rape. Reportedly, he was reading the names of the defendants and the crimes with which they were charged.
That was enough to bring out the paddy wagon. Police officers descended on Robinson, arrested him on “suspicion of breaching the peace,” and hauled him off to court. Within a matter of hours he had been imprisoned for contempt of court. Not only that, the court issued an order barring all UK press outlets from reporting on Robinson's arrest and imprisonment.
If that doesn't bother you, your civil libertarian instincts have atrophied. Yet it appears that only conservatives are troubled by Robinson's incarceration; the world's establishment has closed ranks against him. This is what you see if you enter “Tommy Robinson” in Google News. Click to enlarge:
Apparently only the “alt-right,” “U.S. Rightwingers” and “the right-wing outrage machine” care about the blatant suppression of free speech and normal criminal process that characterize the Robinson case. I was curious about Time's article, headlined: “Why Tommy Robinson Was Jailed, and Why U.S. Rightwingers Care.” Time writes:
The right-wing campaigner was arrested and jailed on Friday outside a controversial trial in northern England.
No explanation of why the trial was “controversial,” even though news outlets were forbidden to report on it.
He is active in the global far-right, writing and broadcasting for Canadian far-right channel Rebel Media
You can never say “far right” too often. That means he is skeptical of the wisdom of mass Muslim immigration to Great Britain.
…and his arrest on Friday on suspicion of breaching the peace outside a court in the U.K. attracted tweets of protest by right-wing activists and commentators around the world.
The link on “right wing commentators” goes to my Power Line post.
Time explains that Robinson broke the law by reporting on “details of the trial,” although this claim seems doubtful based on other reports:
By filming defendants and discussing details of the trial while broadcasting via a livestream, Robinson was breaking the court-ordered restriction on media. As he was already serving a suspended sentence for filming outside another trial in May last year, he was jailed for 13 months. In the U.S., reporting on ongoing trials is usually protected by the First Amendment.
No kidding!
A local paper, the Hull Daily Mail, has an up-to-date report:
A court order is currently in place temporarily banning any reporting on the trial, including its status as ongoing, so the press will not be able to reveal details until later this year.
So British newspapers aren't supposed to report that the rape trial is taking place.
At the time of the Facebook Live, jurors were in the process of considering verdicts after hearing six weeks' of evidence.
***
And a court order had also been in place temporarily banning any reporting on Robinson's arrest and sentencing hearing, but Hull Live can now reveal the details. A court order temporarily banned any mention of Robinson's court proceedings but our colleagues at LeedsLive challenged the order and today (Tuesday) the judge agreed to lift the reporting restriction in regards to Robinson's case.
***
Eventually, the 35-year-old was arrested on suspicion of a breach of the peace and was held in the court cells before being taken up to the courtroom to face the trial judge. In a rare move, he was arrested, charged and sentenced within five hours.
Emphasis added. Is it really true that British news media can't report anything about a trial in progress, even, as Robinson reportedly was doing, naming the defendants and itemizing the charges against them? I haven't had time to research this in depth–although I think I have seen any number of news reports on British trials–but this is the BBC's account:
Once proceedings are ‘active', anything which creates a substantial risk that the course of justice in these proceedings will be seriously prejudiced or impeded will be a contempt of court. In most criminal cases, proceedings become ‘active': * On the arrest of a suspect * When an arrest warrant is issued * On the issue of a summons (in Scotland a complaint) or indictment. This may be well before a person in charged * When a person in charged.
Obviously, the Leeds criminal case was active. So the question is whether Robinson's live-streaming from outside the courthouse “creates a substantial risk that the course of justice…will be seriously prejudiced or impeded.” It is hard to see why this standard would be met.
So in the U.K., an unpopular activist who stands outside a courthouse talking about the fact that a criminal trial is taking place, and naming the defendants and the charges against them, is subject to arrest for contempt of court, and can be hustled off to jail in a matter of hours with no meaningful fact-finding or opportunity to defend. And newspapers can be barred, and have been barred, from reporting on the activist's arrest and incarceration.
This is obviously not the American way, and I seriously doubt whether it is the British way in any case that doesn't involve Islam. But evidently, as is so often the case when it comes to free speech, no one cares except us “right wingers.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street viewers got a shock tonight when it was revealed Daniel Osbourne was sleeping with the editor of the Weatherfield Gazette.
The wannabe journalist, who is trying to get a scoop on the Calcutta flats scam, hooked up with Cindy Watson after interviewing Vinny's elderly mother.
She was seen wearing a dressing gown as she listened to evil Pat Phelan threaten to "hurt" Daniel if he continued to "poke his nose" in.
But fans of the soap couldn't get over the fact that Daniel had sex with 'the woman from the BT ads'.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Esther Hall, who plays the newspaper editor, is famous for starring as Kris Marshall's on-screen wife in the long-running BT adverts.
The BT Family were first introduced in 2005 and delighted viewers for nearly six years in over 40 outings.
Hall and Marshall's characters had to deal with stepkids, moving house, a break-up, a pregnancy and a wedding.
The actress is now dealing with new problems after her character slept with Daniel, as she watched her lover argue with Pat.
(Image: ITV)
Phelan said: "I'm going to propose we make a deal. You're going to promise to stop your ridiculous investigation and I'm going to promise not to make life very difficult for you."
A defiant Daniel replied: "I won't stop you know, there's something that you're hiding and I am going to find out what."
Pat threatened: "Consider yourself warned again. You continue to poke your nose into my business, and I will hurt you."
The builder then spotted Cindy put her wedding ring back on and take a phone call from her husband.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Corrie viewers took to Twitter after spotting the 'BT women' getting down and dirty with Daniel.
One viewer said: " #Corrie Daniel is sleeping with the woman from the BT ad"
Another added: "Daniel's being naughty with the woman from the BT ads #corrie "
A third said: "Is that the lady from the old BT ads that Daniel is porking? #Corrie #coronationstreet "
* Coronation Street continues on Monday at 7.30pm on ITV
BOCA RATON, Fla. (AP) — Gerdarius Troutman scored 20 points and Justin Massey 16, both hitting four 3-pointers, and Florida Atlantic threatened the school scoring record with a 108-46 win over NAIA Webber International on Sunday.
The output for the Owls (6-3), who had the largest margin of victory in history, was their third-highest and the first time they cracked the century mark since scoring 106 against Florida International on Jan. 30, 2010. The record for scoring is 111 against Palm Beach Atlantic on Nov. 18, 1988, and the following February they had 110 against Webber. It is also the first time FAU surpassed 90 points in four straight games.
William Pfister added 14 points on 7-for-7 shooting with eight rebounds and Ronald Delph had 13 points and 11 rebounds, helping FAU to a 53-32 rebounding advantage, its first game with 50 boards since getting 61 against Warner on Jan. 1, 2014.
The Owls connected on 9 of 18 3-pointers and shot 59 percent overall in racing to a 65-27 halftime lead. The Owls put together runs of 10, mine and eight twice. They had runs of 11 and 10 in the second half when the lead reached 62.
No player reached double figures for the Warriors, who shot 27 percent. The game was an exhibition for the visitors.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
An energetic vibe was injected into Sportmax's pre-fall collection, which was inspired by the world of sports. High-tech materials and details were incorporated into the pieces, which exuded a sense of urban dynamism.
Comfortable ease was infused in a maxi cashmere cape embellished with nylon inserts, which was layered over a lightweight technical parka, while feminine jersey dresses featured ergonomic stitching and contrasting panels inspired by surf wetsuits.
Roomy sweatshirts revealed nylon inserts and chunky zippers, and knitted sweaters showed deconstructed silhouettes.
Wide-leg pants and oversize jackets punctuated by contrasting stitches were crafted from dark indigo denim. For a more eye-catching look, jacquard dresses were covered with transparent sequins for a shiny effect.
Looks like straight sunshine for most of the state this 4th of July.
Highs could near average in the low 90s, with heat index mid to upper 90s. Clear skies continue Wednesday evening/night which will be great for fireworks! The lows will drop into the low 70s.
The high pressure will keep us quiet into Thursday with temperatures in the low 90s, again near normal.
FOURTH FORECAST: Mostly sunny and near normal highs in the low 90s, feels like upper 90s. @NEWS9 pic.twitter.com/qiEpOnyjDu — Robyn King (@RobynKing_news9) July 4, 2018
Later, the heat dome will move west of Oklahoma, and weaken. Storm chances will return by Friday into Saturday.
Highs will range from the upper 80s to low 90s.
Next week will be quiet with mostly sunny skies and low 90s. The pattern will be near average. Potentially hotter conditions could arise by late in the week with highs in the mid 90s.
WASHINGTON – A nine-year-old boy shot dead his sister, 13, in the southern US state of Mississippi following an argument about a video game controller, local media reported Monday.
The tragedy took place Saturday when the girl refused to give up the controller, Monroe County Sheriff Cecil Cantrell said according to reports. The boy then opened fire, striking his sister in the back of the head.
The bullet pierced through girl's brain, and she was taken to a hospital in Memphis, Tennessee, in critical condition. She died Sunday.
An investigation was opened to determine how the young boy had access to a firearm and to what extent he was aware of the danger.
Such accidents are not rare in the United States, where the debate on gun control rages on.
ROCKY HILL, Conn. (WTNH) — Rocky Hill police are investigating after receiving two calls regarding gunshots heard by residents.
According to police, around 8:20 p.m., residents reported hearing several gunshots on Gilbert Avenue in the area of Silo Drive.
One caller told police that a light colored vehicle was spotted on Gilbert Ave. when the shots were being heard.
Upon their arrival, officers located several bullet shell casings on the ride of the roadway. A search of the immediate area found no evidence of anyone or anything being struck by gunfire.
Police are asking anyone with information regarding the incident to contact them at (860) 258-7640.
ROSEVILLE (WWJ) – A 72-year-old dermatologist practicing in Roseville has been charged with multiple counts of fraud after she allegedly billed patients for procedures that were not performed.
Dr. Usha Sood was arraigned Thursday on five counts of Medicaid fraud – false claim. Bond was set at $250,000 and Sood must also surrender her passport. She's due back in court Feb. 9.
The Attorney General's Office launched an investigation after receiving a tip about Sood on its Health Care Fraud Hotline. It revealed that since 2014, Sood has apparently hired two nurse practitioners and five physician's assistants who all ultimately quit due to Sood's fraudulent billing practices, according to the state.
According to investigators, Sood's employees were required to show her their patient files for review prior to billing. It's alleged that Sood added notes in some files indicating services were provided that were not.
A review alleges that acne surgery and injections were the two most common procedures added to the billing sheets.
“I hope this case serves as a reminder to others in the medical community that violating the law comes with consequences,” Attorney General Bill Schuette said in a statement. “My Health Care Fraud Division works hard every day to enforce the law and eliminate false claims from unscrupulous healthcare providers.”
1. Classification according to production methods
(1) Seamless steel pipe—hot rolled tubes, cold rolled tubes, cold drawn tubes, extruded tubes, and top tubes
(2) welded tubes (a) according to the process—arc welded tubes, erw steel pipes ( High Frequency, Low Frequency), Welded Pipe, Furnace Welded Pipe (b) Welded Joints – Straight Welded Pipes, Spiral Welded Pipes
2. Classification by section shape
(1) Simple section steel pipe – round steel pipe, square steel pipe, oval steel pipe, triangular steel pipe, hexagonal steel pipe, diamond steel pipe, octagonal steel pipe, semicircular steel round, other .
(2) complex Section steel pipe–equilateral hexagonal steel pipe, five-floating plum-shaped steel pipe, double convex steel pipe, double concave steel pipe, melon-shaped steel pipe, conical steel pipe, corrugated steel pipe, steel case, other
3. Classified by wall thickness – thin-walled steel pipe, thick-walled steel pipe
4. Classified by purpose – pipe for steel pipes, steel pipe for thermal equipment, steel pipe for machinery industry, steel pipe for petroleum, geological drilling, steel pipe for container, steel pipe for chemical industry, special-purpose steel pipe, and others
5. Spiral seam submerged arc welded steel pipe for pressure fluid transport (SY5036-83) is a hot rolled steel strip used as tube blank, which is often temperature spirally molded, and welded by double sided submerged arc welding method for pressure fluid transport. Spiral seam steel pipe. The steel pipe has strong pressure bearing capacity and good welding performance. After various rigorous scientific tests and tests, it is safe and reliable to use. Large diameter steel pipe, high transmission efficiency, and can save investment in laying pipelines. Mainly used for the transportation of petroleum and natural gas pipelines.
6. Spiral seam high-frequency welded steel pipe for conveying fluids (SY5038-83) is a hot-rolled steel strip used as a tube blank, which is heated at regular temperature by spiral molding and welded by high-frequency lap welding method for pressurized fluid conveying. Spiral seam high frequency welded steel pipe. The steel pipe has strong pressure bearing capacity, good plasticity, and is easy to be welded and processed. After a variety of strict and scientific inspections and tests, it is safe and reliable to use, the diameter of the steel pipe is large, the transmission efficiency is high, and investment in laying pipelines can be saved. Mainly used for laying pipelines for transporting oil, natural gas, etc.
7. Spiral submerged arc welded steel pipe (SY5037-83) for low-pressure fluid delivery is a hot-rolled steel strip used as a tube blank, which is usually thermo-screwed and is made of double-sided automatic submerged arc welding or single-sided welding. Submerged arc welded steel pipes for general low pressure fluids such as water, gas, air and steam.
8. Spiral seam high-frequency welded steel pipe (SY5039-83) for general low-pressure fluid transmission is a hot-rolled steel strip used as a tube blank, which is usually temperature spirally molded, and welded by high-frequency lap welding method for general low-pressure fluid conveying spirals. Seam high frequency welded steel pipe.
FAISALABAD: A Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) leader, an aspirant for provincial assembly party ticket, is luring the new members to join the party and become part of a draw for 50 residential plots to be given to the new entrants, reported a local English newspaper.
The banners which were displayed on both sides of main Sargodha roads for a couple of days invited people to become part of “lucky draw” for two-and-half marla plots.
The banners, however, displayed by Mian Oze, do not mention where the promised plots are situated.
Well, the day we thought for a week in June would never come is here: Bachelor in Paradise Season 4 has premiered. We thought it was done after it got shut down over sexual assault allegations, but here it is, out of the ashes like a sleazy phoenix.
I will speak only for myself for a moment. I was very, very unsure of this, and kinda still am. For a long time, I could not imagine how ABC thought it was a good idea to bring back a show seemingly so tainted by scandal. But it's become clear that ABC and Warner Bros. truly don't think that anything bad happened. Today, The Hollywood Reporter ran an interview with Rob Mills, ABC's head of unscripted programming Rob Mills, who's the most forthright person involved in the franchise. He said "the most important thing, and this was why it was really important to us that production resumed, was to get the show out there so people can see that there was an allegation, they were investigated, the investigation was incredibly thorough and there was no wrongdoing." So this premiere is about trying to convince a skeptical viewing public of what they believe. And I'm willing to be convinced, if Chris Harrison and co. come with the evidence. So many things I love have been ruined for me (RIP, "Ignition (Remix)"), and I would love for something to not be bad.
The episode began with voiceover news clips, and then barefoot Chris Harrison recapping what happened that caused "trouble in paradise." He promised that everything would be explained. He also promised, with a bit of a wink at one of his catchphrases, that this would be "the most dramatic season ever."
Bachelor in Paradise
After the credits, it cut back to "two weeks earlier," with Raven's arrival, followed by Dean. Raven admitted she has a crush on Dean. Then Kristina arrived, who also has a crush on "dreamy" Dean. Then Danielle M. Then Ben Zorn, who Dean, speaking for everyone, said "I don't know who that is." He was on Kaitlyn's season, which is a hundred years ago in Bachelor time. He blathered on about dogs to Raven. It was wack as hell.
The next arrival was Iggy, who is in love with Dean. We're five minutes in and Dean is already the star! Then it was Jasmine. Then it was Jack Stone, who promised he's not a serial killer. Next up was Alexis, who instead of coming down the stairs, came up from the beach in her shark costume. She was "hot as balls" in the costume, she said in her outrageously thick New Jersey accent where balls sound like "bawls."
Then it was DeMario, who still maintained that he didn't have a girlfriend but admitted that maybe he led her on. He came seeking redemption. It didn't turn out that way, as we now know.
He walked up, and immediately everyone started calling him out, like "are you single right now?" He gave a toast to "new beginnings." He decided if he could get Raven on his side, everyone else would start liking him. But it didn't work. Raven said he's "full of s---."
Next up was Derek Peth, who somehow looks even more like John Krasinski now than he did on JoJo's season. Alex also showed up, and apparently he had beef with Derek, which we don't remember. We remember his beef with Chad, who's not here. He's on Celebrity Big Brother in the UK right now, which maybe conflicted with BiP contractually.
Then it was Corinne, who rolled up with two glasses of wine; one for her and one for Chris. Drinking is fun until it stops being fun.
Dean pulled Kristina aside, and Kristina was genuinely excited, like "me???" They bonded over their difficult family histories.
Next up: Lacey, who we don't remember as the girl who rode in on a camel. Then Vinny and Diggy.
We saw the first interaction between Corinne and DeMario, where they bonded over being from New Jersey. She jumped into his arms.
Then Matt, one of Rachel's guys who mysteriously went very far, arrived, followed by St. Nick, who beelined to Jasmine. They went for the first kiss of Paradise.
And hey, look, it's Amanda! She got engaged to Josh Murray last season, which ended very badly. She gave her engagement ring back to Chris Harrison. She said she ignored several red flags, which, yeesh. She said she wasn't going to rush in to anything.
Next up was Taylor, who I can't believe is doing this, considering how badly her time on The Bachelor went. She didn't want to have tension with Corinne, her nemesis, but Corinne was so focused on flirting with DeMario that she didn't even seem to notice Taylor. She started to bond with Derek, though.
Corinne and DeMario were all over each other. She jumped into the pool with her clothes on, about a half-hour in, and DeMario followed. Alex narrated it their "date." Remember: this doesn't indicate consent.
Jorge the bartender came out and said that he's leaving to start a business called "Jorge's Tour-ges," and introduced the new bartender: Wells! He's just here to bartend, not go on any dates, which is so rude. What, just because Wells doesn't have 16-inch biceps he doesn't deserve love? (Can you tell this is something I'm sensitive about?)
Derek and Taylor like each other. Makes sense. They're both a little smarter and weirder than the average Bachelor in Paradise contender.
Kristina got the first date card. She, of course, chose Dean. Danielle M. was disappointed. She and Wells have been friends for years, from Nashville! The Bachelor and The Bachelorette are mostly cast by recommendation now. Don't bother with an open casting call. Anyway, Danielle is showing a lot more personality than she showed on Nick's season. She was very quiet and demure on The Bachelor. She's less so here. She's doing most of the narration.
Iggy and Lacey made out. Iggy is built like Alex Jones.
Dean and Kristina's date went pretty well. Even Kristina, who in my opinion is the dreamiest (email me, Kristina), couldn't believe Dean liked her. She said she already felt more chemistry with him than she ever felt with Nick. Damn, shots fired!
St. Nick was hammered, and Jasmine wasn't into it. So Matt -- who is identified as "penguin" -- swept in. They got in the hot tub, while St. Nick sat by himself because he was barely able to form sentences.
It was morning after the next commercial break. They didn't show the incident with DeMario and Corinne, which they said they weren't going to show and are never going to show. But the incident that led to the shutdown happened that night. I do feel like seeing that footage would be the clearest way to judge what happened. But that's not what we're getting ¯\_(ツ)_/¯.
Lacey went to Iggy and said that her grandfather passed away the night before, and was leaving the show to go be with her family. Aw, sorry, Lacey! Iggy didn't listen to her so thoroughly that he said her "grandma" passed away, and was mostly concerned that he wasn't going to get a rose. Iggy is not likable.
Speaking of not likable, Robby, JoJo's runner-up, showed up. But Raven said he's cuter in person, so, alright. He had a date card. Corinne wasn't into him. Neither was Danielle M. Raven lost her voice. She said she hadn't dated anybody since Nick's season since she knew she was coming to Paradise. That's nice. She got Robby's date card.
Robby brought a bathing suit for every day. I actually like that. He and Raven went for a ride on a jet ski. Robby's from Florida, so riding a Sea-Doo is like riding a bike for him. But Raven didn't like that he's prettier than her and talked about being an Instagram influencer.
St. Nick was determined to win Jasmine over. He tried, but he was interrupted by a call for a date card, which of course went to Matt, who asked out Jasmine. They went to a drag show. He's in construction, a real manly man, so this isn't something he normally does. But then he got drafted into performing. He needs to learn how to strut if he's going to be a queen. Jasmine was impressed by his willingness and kissed his glittery face.
It seemed like the day after Corinne and DeMario were no longer into each other. Corinne said they were "homies" and they fist-bumped. DeMario said he was interested in Alexis, and Corinne gave her rose to Vinny. But they didn't show us what happened, so we don't know yet.
Derek and Taylor kissed, and it was magical. Hmm.
Corinne was chilling with Alex and Amanda, and then a producer called her over. She said "what's up" and the producer said "I don't know." DeMario got pulled away, too. Then the cameramen put their cameras down. The contestants had no idea what was happening. No one said "Yeah, I saw this coming last night." And then the episode ended. A cliff-hanger. Great.
It's so like this franchise to tease us with "everything will be revealed" and then reveal nothing, forcing us to tune in again tomorrow for another two hours. The shamelessness is relentless. They can't turn off the hustle tactics for a minute. Just tell us what happened! So frustrating.
I mean, they were clear that the second night of the premiere would be the one that explained things. Rob Mills in his interview confirmed it. But again, not the best way to handle it. The gulf between how ABC is treating this and how the media (of which I am a part) wants it to be treated is chasmic. The stuff with the other contestants was entertaining and light and fun, sure. In a different situation it would be lovely. But that's not important right now. We're trying to find out if we can watch and enjoy this show in good conscience.
I'm still reserving judgement on the Corinne/DeMario thing. But my opinion of this franchise's inability to handle serious subject matter remains unchanged.
Bachelor in Paradise airs Mondays and Tuesdays at 8/7c on ABC.
WASHINGTON: Pakistan's Ambassador to the United States Aizaz Ahmed Chaudhary said on Monday that Pakistan supports the participation of the Taliban in the future setup of Afghanistan as Kabul and Washington continue working to end militancy from the country.
Speaking to a Women's Foreign Policy Group in Washington, he said that the example of Gulbadin Hikmatyar was relevant in this connection as his name was omitted from the list of the United Nations (UN) designated terrorists, thus paving the way for him to become a part of Afghanistan's political setup. He also said that a similar policy could be developed for the Taliban in order to bring them to the negotiating table.
The Pakistani envoy further said that Taliban were considering this offer, but interestingly, his country was yet to witness any public response in this regard. He said that Pakistan was familiar with Washington's efforts to resume talks between the Afghan government and Taliban fighters with the intervention of US Defence Secretary James Mattis.
Chaudhary also said that the chances for establishing peace in Afghanistan were bright if the recent developments were to be considered. He said that Pakistan had always called for a dialogue because it believed there was no military solution to the Afghan war.
Last, month we asked representatives from a whole range of generational cohorts what they liked about the time into which they were born. As a member of the tail end of Generation X (sometimes referred to as a "xennial," or by my preferred nomenclature, "the Oregon Trail generation"), my 40-year old self identified more with the older folks in the video than with the younger, primarily because teenagers are snapchatting aliens who don't understand the true struggle of having to memorize all their friends' phone numbers because get off my lawn or something (and speaking of lawns, why can't I buy a fool-proof automatic lawn mowing robot in 2018?).
This time around, rather than have folks reflect on the ups and downs of their own generation, we took a bunch of really nice kids and threw them into a specially designed basement crammed full of '80s stuff—Nintendo Entertainment Systems, record players, Polaroid cameras, and a few other odds and ends—and told them that they had to figure out each of the gadgets or we'd keep them locked down there while the rest of us devoured the craft services table.
Ha, I kid. There was no craft services table. We spent the craft services budget building the '80s basement dungeon.
“Shake it like a...”
I have to give it to our intrepid youngsters: they were extremely nice. Possibly too nice. I'm not sure what their parents told them, but every single one of them came into this video playing things totally straight, and rather than crazy overblown forced reactions, they gave us some solid, genuine "Hmm, yes, the '80s were an interesting time" thoughtfulness. They even keep their cool when we asked them to figure out a portable record player—something that would have struck me at age 12 as weird and anachronistic (I've never owned a record in my life—in 1989 when I was 11, all my music was either on cassette or CD).
Instead, the kids politely stumbled their way through the passel of old gadgets, doggedly trying to figure out some of the technical challenges of the time. I found it particularly fascinating that the kids didn't know that you have to press down on a game cart in the original NES before turning it on, but they appeared to almost instinctively know to shake Polaroid pictures (even though that doesn't actually help). Some behaviors have just kinda inculcated themselves into the collective unconsciousness. (The kids also wondered if they needed to dip the Polaroid pix in "water," presumably because they've never encountered film themselves before but movies and TV shows still regularly portray people doing stuff in darkrooms.)
Not gonna lie: this one was especially fun to film and edit. If you guys have as much fun watching it as we had making it, we'll see if we can round this gaggle of kids up again and make them do some more stuff. Maybe we should take a page out of my own past and make 'em try to add and configure an HP DeskJet 500 in Windows 3.1!
Listing image by Aurich Lawson
Our little copper and white cutie has had quite an adventure this summer. Because Callie grew up in a shelter, one of our volunteers gave her the fabulous opportunity to spend vacation time with him in a real home and she absolutely loved it.
What an eye-opener it was! She adapted to the house, loved going up and down stairs, would rub up against people and enjoyed the special treat of snuggling up next to a human.
Callie had fun playing with bugs, would chase her tail, discovered TV, all the while purring up a storm with a knack of making people laugh. She's still her spunky self and can be a little rapscallion when the mood strikes.
It's her time now and we're pulling out all the stops! Callie came back to the shelter on Tuesday, raring to go into a loving and forever home — best with adults. A gracious volunteer believes so strongly that Callie should be with a family that she will pay the adoption fee for a qualified applicant.
Fingers crossed, paws crossed … for our beloved Callie!
Our website www.roar-ridgefield.org has information about open hours and adoptable animals.
Mumbai: Remo D'Souza took to Twitter Friday night to announce that the shoot schedule of Race 3 in the city has been completed by posting a photograph from the sets of the film. In the pic, we can see Salman Khan, the lead actor in the film facing away from the camera while Jacqueline Fernandez's face is partially visible as she looks at her co-star.
Check out D'Souza's tweet below:
Remo has been roped in by Ramesh Taurani for the first time to direct an instalment of the Race franchise. The first two instalments – Race and Race 2 were directed by Abbas – Mustan. Moreover, the film marks Salman's first association with the Race franchise. The first two chapters had Saif Ali Khan on board.
Race 3 will bring super-hit Kick jodi Salman and Jacqueline together for the second time. Interestingly, Jacqueline has been a part of the first two instalments too.
The actioner, which is slated to release on Eid this year, also stars Bobby Deol, Saqib Saleem, Daisy Shah and Anil Kapoor.
Talking about working with Taurani, Bobby, who was last seen in Poster Boyz said, “Let's race along Ramesh Taurani... It feels great to be a part of the team! Race 3.”
Explaining how challenging her role is Jacqueline during an event said, “It's a very different role. I am really excited to play my character because it's actually a role that sees me in very different light.”
“Now that we have Salman on board and Remo is directing it so it's completely new to take on Race as a franchise, so it will be exciting,” she added.
(With IANS inputs)
2:18 Keller Girls Avoid Bi-District Upset, Outlast North Crowley Pause
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
2:16 Institutional racism targeted by FWISD policy
1:05 The Dallas Cowboys season in 60 seconds: Watch
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican
1:51 American Airlines flight attendants: "Love AAfair is over!"
7:28 Arlington mayor rips opponents of Texas Rangers stadium in secret audio recording
2:26 The Impossible Burger: A cardiologist, a vegan and a butcher all take a bite
1:48 Fort Worth Opera's 'JFK' takes the stage at Bass Hall
Authorities continued their search Monday for a Cleveland man accused of randomly shooting and killing an elderly man on Easter Sunday. Police said the suspect, 37-year-old Steve Stephens, uploaded the video he took of the heinous act to Facebook.
The shooting death of 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. remained online for about three hours before it was removed. One video circulating on the Internet has been viewed more than 1.6 million times. Family members of the deceased man, who was a father of nine and grandfather of 14, urged the public to stop sharing the video.
"That is my grandfather show some respect #Cleveland," tweeted Ryan A. Godwin. The message was retweeted thousands of times.
Video shows the suspect getting out of his car and engaging in a brief conversation with his random victim, who is walking in the Glenville area of Cleveland at about 2pm. The victim is then shot for no apparent reason. Stephens also posted a video of him laughing about the murder and claiming he had killed more than a dozen others, police said. "I'm at the point where I snapped," Stephens said on a video posted to his Facebook page.
The suspect claimed he was angry about a relationship with his girlfriend, who is now in protective custody. Police believe he may have fled Ohio. After a search in the area, they found no other victims.
The videos captured the attention of media outlets across the globe. Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said, "If Steve has an issue, then he needs to talk to some folks to get that resolved."
The authorities said the suspect is believed to be armed and dangerous and may have turned off his mobile phone to make him harder to track. The police said to not approach the man. Instead, call police immediately. He might be driving a late-model white Ford Fusion with an Ohio temporary tag of E36360.
The victim's son, Robert Godwin Jr., said his father was a retired foundry worker and was a "good guy."
The suspect is described as a black male, 6-feet, 1-inch tall. He is bald and weighs about 244 pounds. He was last seen with a full beard and wearing a dark blue and gray striped shirt, police said.
Listing image by Cleveland Police
Slimmers who set ambitious targets lose twice as many pounds as those who try to be realistic, according to new research.
A study of more than 24,000 dieters found those who set the toughest goals shed almost a fifth of their body weight - about double the amount of those who lowered the bar.
The findings are food for thought for those making a New Year resolution to go on a diet.
And obesity experts are calling for changes to public health guidance which suggests slimmers set themselves a ‘realistic' target of losing 5-10 per cent of their starting weight.
They want patients to aim for their ‘dream weight' after the dramatic results of the 12 month experiment reported in the Journal of Human Nutrition and Dietetics .
The participants were Slimming World members with a BMI (body mass index) of at least 30 which put them in the obese category who were all attending weekly group support sessions.
Those whose aim was to lose less than 10 per cent of their body weight did typically achieve their goal shedding an average of 11 per cent - equivalent to 1st 11lbs for someone who weighs 16 stone.
But those who set the most ambitious targets lost almost twice as much weight overall - an average of 19 per cent in a year, or 3st 1lb for someone weighing 16st.
Change of approach needed?
In the UK around a quarter of people are obese, meaning their weight could be seriously affecting their health.
The traditional approach advised by NHS Choices is thought to be based on the thinking ambitious goals are less likely to be achieved, which could result in disappointment, decreased effort and people giving up on their journey.
But the new research suggests rather than trying to protect them from disappointment health experts should instead be encouraging slimmers to ‘shoot for the moon' and get support to achieve their goals.
Professor Amanda Avery, a nutritionist at Nottingham University, said: “January is the most popular time of the year to start a healthy weight loss programme and so it's really important people have the information they need to maximise their chances of success.
“We know current NHS and NICE advice around realistic weight loss targets is designed to protect slimmers from disappointment.
“However, suggesting that people place limits on their weight loss aims could stop people from seeing what they're capable of. It's important that people have aspirations and can visualise themselves achieving success.
“This research shows that, when it comes to losing weight, it's best to inspire people to set the weight loss target they would personally really like to achieve. This will help with their motivation as, if it is really their dream weight, they'll be far more committed to achieving it.
“Setting a target is really only the beginning, though, and it's vital that people also get regular support to make healthy changes to their eating and activity habits and to help them stay focused, committed and encouraged.
“Working together with others to share experiences and solutions to challenges and to celebrate successful weight loss and behaviour change can keep people motivated to achieve long-term success.
“It's great that the NHS and NICE already encourage people who want to lose weight to set a target, as our study found that people who set their own personal target - as most of our members choose to - were 10 times more likely to be successful.
“The next stage is for them to look more closely at how encouraging patients to aim for their dream weight can increase their chances of success, as long as they're also getting support along the way.”
“I set myself that high target and I haven't looked back.”
Hollie Barrett, 30, from Suffolk, lost 8st 6lbs after her Slimming World Consultant encouraged her to set the Personal Achievement Target she really wanted.
She said: “I was 17st 11lbs at my heaviest and my confidence was really low. I felt like my weight was holding me back in every aspect of my life, especially when it came to doing things with my children.
“Even things other mums might take for granted, like taking the children swimming, seemed off limits because I felt so self-conscious. I once chased my daughter, Imogen, up the stairs to bed and was so breathless I couldn't speak properly to read her a book - it broke my heart. I didn't want them to be bullied at school because their mum was so overweight either.
“My whole life I'd wanted to be a size 8 but I never really believed I could be.
“I set myself that high target, committed to following the plan 100 per cent and in my first week I lost 9½lbs! From there I haven't looked back.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily Love Island updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Love Island scored once again with record-breaking figures for ITV2 last night.
Last night, 3.4million viewers tuned in for last night's dramatic recoupling - ITV2's highest rating ever.
The dating reality show also achieved a huge 17.4% share of the audience as viewers waited on tenterhooks to find out the outcome of the much-anticipated recoupling.
Love Island increased its viewership by a staggering 1.5million viewers compared to the same episode last year.
Casa Amor and the villa were reunited yesterday when the original Islanders had to choose whether to stick with their original pairing or twist and swap for a new Islander.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
Of course, this prompted tears, rolling eyes and a furious bust-up after one one couple stayed faithful.
Viewers were ecstatic to see Jack and Dani finally reunited after both were left fretting about what the other was up to.
Meanwhile both Wes and Georgia were pied by their partners Megan and Josh, who both chose new Islanders.
Don't miss Love Island news Want to make sure you get the latest updates from the villa? Or just can't wait 23 hours to find out what happens next? Sign up using this form to receive daily updates directly to your phone - and we'll send the big breaking news to you as well.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
Megan's two-day romance with Wes was not enough to disuade her from recoupling with new hunk Alex Miller, much to Wes' dismay.
However fans of the show weren't too sympathetic towards him after he callously dumped air hostess Laura for the model.
Josh also cruelly dumped Georgia for new girl Kazimir, who he said he had more chemistry with.
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
Samira, Ellie, Laura, Sam, Dr Alex and Adam chose to recouple with new Islanders.
While Wes and Georgia weren't dumped, the new Islanders that weren't picked were kicked out of the villa.
This evening, viewers will watch the fallout from the nail-biting episode.
Are we in for another shock?
*Love Island airs tonight at 9.30pm on ITV2
At least six people were hacked to death in troubled northeastern DR Congo in two attacks last week blamed on Ugandan rebels, a regional official told AFP on Monday.
The government and the UN mission in the central African country MONUSCO have accused the shadowy rebel group Allied Democratic Forces (ADF), dominated by hardline Ugandan Muslims, of carrying out a two-year bloodbath in the region.
“There have been attacks blamed on suspected ADF members near the border with Nord Kivu (province), which left at least six people dead in Irumu territory,” the vice governor of Ituri province, Pacifique Keta, said.
Keta added that the death toll was provisional and security had been beefed up.
Separately, Gill Gotabo, a civil society leader in Ituri, reported that 14 people were killed in the attacks, which took place in the villages of Saboko and Bialee.
Irumu territory in Ituri province is near Beni in neighbouring Nord Kivu province — the main target of attacks where the ADF are alleged to have massacred around 700 people, many of them hacked to death.
The ADF has not claimed any of the Beni massacres. Experts on DR Congo have not found any link between the group and the global jihadist underground.
Others have alleged that government agents have had a role in the killing — claims Kinshasa rejects.
A report by experts in March said members of the Congolese army, former rebels from the RCD-K/ML group — who held the area during the 1998-2003 Second Congo War — and local militias were all involved in the mass killings.
In explaining the violence, some experts have cited struggles for control of trafficking in various industries like timber, agricultural produce or minerals in a region with extremely rich potential.
-AFP
WATERBURY, Conn. (WTNH) — It was a small but diverse and unified crowd that showed up in Waterbury Monday night. People of different backgrounds came together to stand up against hate.
We've seen the signs of backlash all over Connecticut, and Monday night was Waterbury's turn. A diverse crowd stepped out and spoke out against what they found to be just plain wrong – the white nationalism rally in Charlottesville.
The crowd was filled with Waterbury residents and community leaders.
Related Content: Political leaders react to racism in Charlottesville and beyond
Speakers encouraged residents to stand up against hate.
News 8 asked community leaders how they can stand up against it.
“This is one of the questions that I will bring back to our caucus as one of our leaders. The state of Connecticut already has one of the toughest laws against terrorism and against anti-violence,” stated Rep. Geraldo Reyes of the 75th Assembly District. “Connecticut is not lacking for laws, but we're going to go back and see what we can strengthen…”
Related Content: Trump calls out KKK and neo-Nazis after backlash to Charlottesville remarks
The executive director of the group that organized the rally is hoping another leader will stand up too.
The Philadelphia 76ers are investigating whether team president Bryan Colangelo used Twitter accounts to anonymously trash his own players and other executives and defend himself against fan and media criticism.
The five accounts took aim at Philadelphia players Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz, former Sixers general manager Sam Hinkie, Toronto Raptors executive Masai Ujiri and former Sixers players Jahlil Okafor and Nerlens Noel, according to a report by The Ringer website.
Colangelo acknowledged using one of the accounts to monitor the NBA industry and other current events but said he wasn't familiar with the other four and didn't know who was behind them.
"The allegations are serious and we have commenced an independent investigation into the matter," the Sixers said on Wednesday in a statement.
"We will report the results of that investigation as soon as it is concluded."
Camera Icon Bryan Colangelo (centre). Picture: Fox Sports
Embiid, the 24-year-old All-Star centre, tweeted that he didn't believe the report.
"I don't believe the story. That would just be insane," he wrote.
The Ringer said in its report it has been monitoring the accounts since February, when it received an anonymous tip.
The site said it does not know the source of the tip but archived and monitored the tweets and found connections between the accounts.
The Ringer said it initially asked the Sixers about just two of the five accounts to see if anything would change with the other three after its query and the same day the other three accounts were made private.
Kendall Jenner has sparked rumors she's dating Australian basketball player Ben Simmons. The West Australian Video Kendall Jenner has sparked rumors she's dating Australian basketball player Ben Simmons.
Colangelo was hired as president of basketball operations for Philadelphia in April 2016. He served as Toronto's general manager from 2006-2013.
The son of longtime sports executive Jerry Colangelo, he stepped in with the Sixers after Hinkie resigned.
He lost his GM job in Toronto after the Raptors missed the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season and Ujiri took over basketball operations.
According to The Ringer, one of the Twitter accounts it connected to Colangelo downplayed Hinkie's role in the franchise's turnaround.
It also lamented in another post that Ujiri hadn't done anything to make the Raptors better.
Another account accused Embiid of "playing like a toddler having tantrums" and one criticised Fultz for his work with his "so-called mentor/father figure".
Tuesday, February 14
Its Valentine's Day. It's the perfect day to take your sweetheart out on a romantic date whether you stay in with a home cooked dinner and a movie or go out and hit the town. Or maybe you're single but that's no excuse not to treat yourself. Take yourself on a “me date!” Fairbanks has lots of different events happening this Valentine's Day. Like Hobo Jim's Valentine's Day show at Ivory Jacks from 7 – 11 p.m. Hobo Jim is an Alaskan Legend and has been known for being a foot-stompin', stage-breaking powerhouse performer and he will surely get your dates feet a tappin'. – Sarah Manriquez / Photo Editor
If the state's budget crisis has you too worried to think about romance, you can check out a lecture 5 p.m. at Schiable Auditorium. The director of the state Department of Management and Budget, Pat Pitney, will be speaking on just how screwed we are. The lecture is highly free, and likely to be terrifying, so maybe it would have been more topical for Halloween, but oh well. – Spencer Tordoff / Editor-in-Chief
Wednesday, February 15
Happy cheap chocolate day! Today's the day all those cutesy chocolate valentine hearts usually go on sale. Go to your favorite grocery *cough*freds*cough* and buy as much chocolate as your little heart desires. Treat yo self. – Molly Putman / Layout Editor
Thursday, February 16
The Pub is hosting another great tasting! Kassik's Brewery will be having a tasting at 6 p.m. featuring some of their best brews! $10 per person an evening of fun, friends and delicious beer. – Erin Granger / Staff Writer
Friday, February 17
No valentine's date yet this week? Why not attend a lecture about scientometrics and genomics given by Kevin Winker, a diploid human researcher, in the Murie Auditorium at 3 p.m. If that information doesn't make you more attractive to the opposite sex than I don't know what does. – Josh Hartman / Staff Writer
Saturday, February 18
The Chinese Student Association is hosting their yearly Chinese New Year celebration today from 5:30-9 p.m. Though I've been out of the game for too long to know, this strikes me as being pretty good date material, as there will be homemade Chinese food and performances for the holiday. However, it's also probably worth considering if you're a person who enjoys Chinese food. Tickets are $16 in advance, and a simple Google search will turn up the full details–but be warned, the 2017 event is the third entry. – Spencer Tordoff / Editor-in-Chief
Sunday, February 19
Just a reminder, Valentine's Day chocolate is probably still on sale. Stock up while you still can. Also, if you're not one for mushiness and romance, you know “A Cure for Wellness” came out this week right? It's a psychological thriller, which means, according to my own personal brand, I have to go see it this Sunday. You should too, if these movies are your thing. – Kyrie Long / Copy Editor
Monday, February 20
Go on over to the Schaible Auditorium at 5:30 p.m. for a free lecture and discussion on the uses of alternative sources of energy when it comes to growing your own food. Taught by Art Nash of UAF and Tim Prather from the University of Tennessee extension, this lecture is sure to give you some food for thought. – Ben Ellis / Web Editor
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SEATTLE -- A sloppy weather system will be rolling through Western Washington on Thursday.
It will be wet and gusty by June standards, according to Q13 News Chief Meteorologist Walter Kelley said.
The rain was expected to start late Wednesday night and and pick up during the morning commute with mainly light rain. The heavier rain will be during Thursday afternoon.
"There will be a rain shadow so the wettest areas will be north of Seattle and south of Seattle. The wind increases in the afternoon with gusts around 30 mph in most places," Kelley said.
He added that it will be wet through Friday morning's commute and then the rain stops midday Friday.
The metro Seattle area is expecting about ½ an inch of rain, but the coast and mountains will get up to 2 inches. "That is significant for this time of year," Kelleys said.
For example, last Friday when we had thunderstorms we only got a 1/3 of an inch. "I would expect some standing water on the roads Thursday evening and Friday morning.
Friday afternoon will be pleasant and the weekend looks good. It should be a Happy Father's Day, with temperatures for many us in the low 70s.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
In tonight's Emmerdale, Ross Barton finally faces his acid attacker in court.
Ross has remained in the dark over the identity of the man that threw acid on his face, but he comes to a shocking realisation.
The innocent victim enters the dock and comes face-to-face with Simon, but will he recognise him as Holly's old drug dealer and Debbie's angry customer at the garage?
Ross' hopes for justice are given a major blow when the judge reveals that a key witness for the prosecution has died.
The witness statement is read out, but Ross fears the whole case will fall apart due to the lack of evidence.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: TV pic)
He nervously waits in the viewing gallery with Pete, Faith and Cain, who fears his daughter's involvement in the attack will be revealed.
Will Ross get justice and see his attacker sent down?
Meanwhile, Graham Foster has an interesting proposition for Megan Macey.
(Image: ITV)
Will she agree to go into business with Joe Tate and Graham?
Elsewhere, Jimmy King is left-red faced after his problems in the bedroom are exposed.
Will Rodney's young girlfriend Misty be able to sort out his issues.
*Emmerdale airs tonight on ITV at 7pm
MANILA, Philippines (AP) — Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has asked Congress to extend by one year the martial law he declared in the south to ensure the “total eradication” of pro-Islamic State group extremists.
Duterte warned that extremists continue to plot public uprisings aimed at establishing a caliphate in Southeast Asia despite a failed but disastrous attempt to set up one in the southern Philippines.
Duterte said in a letter to the Senate and the House of Representatives that extending his martial law declaration in the south through the end of 2018 would allow government forces to press offensives against other armed groups, including the brutal Abu Sayyaf group and communist guerrillas, who have intensified their attacks.
A copy of the president's letter was made available to reporters Monday.
× Red Mass for Public Officials Celebrated in Scranton
SCRANTON — Judges, lawyers, and legislators from around the area celebrated mass Friday morning in Scranton.
The annual “Red Mass” was held at the St. Peter's Cathedral.
Historically, the mass is meant to invoke God's guidance in the administration of justice.
Members of bar associations from 11 counties attended the mass in Scranton.
STAMFORD, Conn. (WTNH) — Stamford firefighters confirm that a home caught fire Wednesday night after illegal fireworks were ignited.
At About 10:00 p.m. Wednesday night, Stamford firefighters responded to a report of a house fire. Upon their arrival, they found that the exterior fire had started on the north side of the house which burned the siding and sheathing. The fire was extinguished by the occupant who happened to be exiting the home at the time.
After the City Fire Marshall's office examined the home, they determined that the fire was ignited by illegal fireworks that shoots projectiles into the air.
There were no injuries reported.
“This world, which was lost to this jungle, is all of a sudden revealed in the data,” said Albert Yu-Min Lin, an engineer and National Geographic explorer who worked on a television special about the new find, told the New York Times. “And what you thought was this massively understood, studied civilization is all of a sudden brand new again.”
“Most people had been comfortable with population estimates of around 5 million,” said Estrada-Belli, who directs a multidisciplinary archaeological project at Holmul, Guatemala. “With this new data it's no longer unreasonable to think that there were 10 to 15 million people there — including many living in low-lying, swampy areas that many of us had thought uninhabitable.”
This digital 3-D image above provided by Guatemala's Mayan Heritage and Nature Foundation, PACUNAM, shows a depiction of the Mayan archaeological site at Tikal in Guatemala created using lidar aerial mapping technology.
Archaeologists have spent more than a century traipsing through the Guatemalan jungle, Indiana Jones-style, searching through dense vegetation to learn what they could about the Mayan civilization that was one of the dominant societies in Mesoamerica for centuries, reports The Washington Post.
But the latest discovery — one that archaeologists are calling a “game changer” — didn't even require a can of bug spray.
Scientists using high-tech, airplane-based lidar mapping tools have discovered tens of thousands of structures constructed by the Mayans: defense works, houses, buildings, industrial-sized agricultural fields, even new pyramids. The findings, announced Thursday, are already reshaping long-held views about the size and scope of Mayan civilization.
Thomas Garrison, an archaeologist at Ithaca College who led the project, called it monumental: “This is a game changer,” he told NPR. It changes “the base level at which we do Maya archaeology. In this the jungle, which has hindered us in our discovery efforts for so long, has actually worked as this great preservative tool of the impact the culture had across the landscape,” Garrison said.
The findings were announced by Guatemala's Mayan Heritage and Nature Foundation, which has been working with a group of European and U.S. archaeologists in employing the lidar system.
The lidar system fires rapid pulses of laser light at surfaces — sometimes as many as 150,000 pulses per second — and measures how long it takes that light to return to sophisticated measuring equipment.
Doing that over and over again lets scientists create a topographical map of sorts. Computer modeling allows the researchers to virtually strip away half a million acres of jungle that has grown over the ruins. What's left is a surprisingly clear picture of how a tenth-century Mayan would see the landscape.
Continue reading...
ALBANY — Legislators on Wednesday paid tribute to the memory of widely respected Assemb. Herman “Denny” Farrell, including Senate Republicans, with whom Farrell sparred as the Assembly's Ways and Means Committee chairman and as state Democratic chairman.
It was a rare moment by legislators from the opposite house and opposite party to pay such a tribute. But legislators said the 86-year-old Harlem resident who died Saturday transcended such divisions.
“Denny was cut from a different cloth,” said Senate Majority Leader John Flanagan (R-East Northport). “He was just a gentleman of the highest order.”
Flanagan said Farrell, a Manhattan Democrat, helped guide him when Flanagan was an assemblyman. They later squared off in the powerful Ways and Means Committee, where Farrell was chairman and Flanagan was the ranking minority member.
“I remember debating him,” Flanagan said in a floor speech Wednesday. “And openly on the floor . . . he said, ‘Just remember, this is Albany: Two and two does not have to equal four.' ”
“The man gave 42 years of his life to the institution, but he was an institution within the institution,” said Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie (D-Bronx) in an interview. “Republicans loved him just as much as we Democrats. . . . He always treated people with respect, and he always had a friend demeanor. We are going to miss him tremendously.”
The Assembly observed a moment of silence for Farrell at the opening of Wednesday's session, and many members will attend Farrell's funeral Friday in Manhattan. A memorial during session next week is planned.
Farrell died of heart failure. A wake is scheduled for Thursday evening at the Church of the Intercession, 550 W. 155th St., from 3 to 8 p.m.
The registration of total 82,871 cases by the metropolitan police in 2016 as compared to 83,372 cases in 2015 provides enough evidence to downward trend in graph of crimes of different categories. Besides, it also sheds light on the better performance of the Provincial Police Department with regard to maintenance of law and order in the provincial metropolitan. Since it is the responsibility of police to ensure lives and properties of the citizens therefore, it is hoped that the police department would continue its efforts to further decrease the crime rate in the days to come as nothing is more important than the lives and properties of public at large.
Saqib Ali
Lahore
PHOENIX, ARIZONA - A 92-year-old woman accused of fatally shooting her 72-year-old son over his plans to put her in an assisted living facility has been arrested on suspicion of murder, police said on Tuesday (July 3)
Anna Mae Blessing was taken into custody on Monday at the suburban Phoenix home she shared with her son and was being held in lieu of US$500,000 (S$681,080) bail, court officials said.
She did not enter a plea during a brief initial court appearance and it was not immediately clear if she had retained an attorney.
Blessing told detectives following her arrest that she hid two handguns in the pockets of her robe and confronted her son in his bedroom, striking him with multiple rounds, the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office said in a written statement.
on Facebook WATCH: Anna Mae Blessing, 92, appears before a judge after she allegedly shot and killed her son in Fountain Hills because she refused to be placed into an assisted living facility: bit.ly/2tTPZdx Posted by ABC15 Arizona on Tuesday, 3 July 2018
The suspect told investigators she tried to point the guns at her son's 57-year-old girlfriend but the woman was able to wrestle the weapons away, according to the sheriff's office.
Blessing was sitting in a reclining chair in her bedroom when she was taken into custody, after she refused to leave the house, according to court records.
She told detectives she had confronted her son over his intentions to put her in the care facility because, he had said, she was difficult to live with.
Blessing also told detectives that she should be "put to sleep," for her actions and had intended to kill herself following the incident.
Blessing said she purchased one of the weapons and the other one had been given to her deceased husband but that neither weapon had been fired since the 1970s.
Police said they had visited the residence before, following a verbal altercation between Blessing and her son.
Forest Green Rovers Ladies enjoyed an emphatic victory at Keynsham Town Ladies.
A through ball from Karis Townsend in the 15th minute was latched onto by Marika Niekwola who confidently drove it into the far corner for a 1-0 lead.
The score was soon doubled when Niekwola was tripped, and Sian Towler scored the rebound after her first effort from the spot was well saved.
The second half started with Niekwola adding to her total with an almost identical finish to her opening goal and worst was to follow for the hosts when an inswinging Holly Hughes corner was flicked on at the near post only for the Keynsham full back to handle on the line and seeing red for it, however this time the resulting penalty was put wide by Towler.
The fourth goal arrived for Forest Green when sub Holly Thomas was introduced and she soon slalomed her way through the home defence to slot home a precise left foot finish.
Niekwola added her third in the last few minutes when she beat the advancing keeper to tuck it away in the far corner.
Keynsham scored a late consolation goal on the final whistle, but this was a comprehensive victory and a fine all round team performance by the visitors.
Player of the match was recent signing Abby Dance at right-back.
* Rovers entertain Larkhall Athletic in the third qualifying round of the FA Women's Cup at Slimbridge's Thornhill Park on Sunday (2pm).
“India's history and culture are built on a rich tradition of scientific thought and innovation” Ian Blatchford
A light scattering technique invented in the early 20th century and a fragile manuscript documenting the earliest known symbol for a numerical zero are among achievements of Indian science highlighted in an exhibition that opened this week at the Science Museum in London, UK. Illuminating India , which runs until 31 March 2018, marks 70 years from the country's independence by celebrating global contributions to scientific advancement, as well as photography, from 3000 BC to the present day.Mainstream views of science and technology tend to be Eurocentric, curator Matt Kimberly told SciDev.Net, and the aim of the exhibition is to “redress that balance” by bringing India's contribution to the centre.He pointed to a set of standardised weights, the oldest artefact on display, as an example of how early scientific thought made it possible – through the production of mud bricks of standardized sizes – for the Indus Valley Civilisation to build large cities comparable to those later built by the Romans.Fast-forward by some 5000 years, and Indian innovators are still making an impact, says Kimberly. “It's Indian-born and educated engineers who are developing and leading teams behind some of the most important technologies we have today, including Intel Pentium processors and even the USB.”And there is a nod to jugaad, a movement that recognises frugal innovations by ordinary people, which the Indian government honoured earlier this year and which has begun to influence how global institutions measure innovation . On display is a prosthetic limb made by craftsman Ram Chander Sharma with rubber, plastic and wood, and distributed for free; also a pouch that keeps prematurely born babies warm, which was co-designed by Indian students.The scientific achievements on show range from space exploration – through early astronomy and India's modern space programme – to the Great Trigonometrical Survey that mapped the subcontinent in the nineteenth century, and to the study of nature through technology such as Raman spectrometry, a light-scattering technique still used today to analyse the make-up of different materials.It also includes the oldest written example of a zero, on the page of a mathematical text written on birch bark, known as the Bakhshali manuscript after the Pakistani village where it was discovered in 1881. Dated back to as early as AD 300, much earlier than previously thought, the manuscript shows a dot for a zero in calculations made by merchants. It eventually replaced “clunky” Roman numerals that used a new symbol every time a figure rose by a factor of ten.The concept of zero would have been difficult to grasp because numbers were created to count things that existed. But it is perhaps not surprising that it emerged from a culture which could easily conceive of the void, according to the Museum.“India's history and culture are built on a rich tradition of scientific thought and innovation,” says Ian Blatchford, the museum's director. “The stories we will be showcasing through this vibrant season not only shaped India but had global significance.”A strong generic drugs industry and growing renewable energy technology sector suggest India is building on this tradition. But the country's modern-day landscape in science and technology has not been without its challenges , including recent concerns over dwindling funding for research and debates over GM crops or environmental protection
Kelowna resident Troy Johnson has his picture taken with Wayne Gretzky at a Kelowna bank. Photo Credit: Contributed
Idle curiousity led a long-time Edmonton Oilers fan in Kelowna to have his photo taken with hockey legend Wayne Gretzky on Friday morning.
Troy Johnson, an Edmonton native, was walking outside in the Plaza 33 parking lot when he noticed a limousine parked with a bunch of ‘suits' hanging around the vehicle.
Sensing something was going on, Johnson stepped into the mall and eventually came face-to-face with his hockey idol, Wayne Gretzky at the shopping centre's TD bank branch.
Johnson asked if he could take Gretzky's picture. Never one to treat hockey fans in a rude or dismissive manner, Gretzky offered to have a cell phone picture taken with Johnson.
It as a big thrill for Johnson, who grew up in Edmonton during the franchise's Gretzky glory years, and worked in concessions sales at the old Northlands Arena for hockey games.
Gretzky, who now works for the Oilers in an administrative capacity, was in the Alberta capital on Wednesday for the home opener between Edmonton and the Calgary Flames, which the Oilers won 3-0 behind a 3-goal performance by Connor McDavid, considered at the age of 19 to be the heir apparent to Gretzky, Mario Lemieux and Sidney Crosby as the next Canadian hockey generational superstar.
The film “Blade Runner” opened to mixed reviews in 1982. Eventually it came to be considered a science fiction masterpiece, and is now included in the Library of Congress' National Film Registry. A sequel, “Blade Runner 2049,” opens in theaters this weekend.
Reporter Jon Kalish (@kalishjon) finds out how screenwriter Hampton Fancher helped craft both films.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jim Carrey has been left reeling from the revelations that he was being blackmailed, after a court ruled yesterday that he was in no way to blame for the suicide of his ex Cathriona White.
The grieving Hollywood star had been accused by Cathriona's mum and her estranged husband of giving his former partner STIs in a wrongful death suit they filed against him.
But the judge sensationally dismissed the claims, ruling that the clean results from a previous STI test Cathriona had taken were faked.
It's not the first time his previous relationships have come back to bite him.
(Image: Wireimage)
Jim dated his ex-girlfriend Jenny McCarthy for five years, meeting in 2005 and becoming the perfect Hollywood couple.
They were pictured out together at red carpet events, rubbed shoulders with Posh and Becks at showbiz parties and Jim became a stepfather to her son Evan from her previous marriage.
But Jenny, a former Playboy model, launched a blistering attack on Carrey after their shock spilt in April 2010, saying he had broken contact with Evan, who has autism.
Two years after their break-up, Jenny put her ex on blast when she appeared on Howard Stern's radio show.
"I've tried to ask [Jim] numerous times [to see Evan], because my son still asks," she revealed.
"I tell [Evan] that someday you'll cross paths, meet again. It's hard. He's been in therapy. It's a process, he's working on it."
(Image: Getty Images)
Jenny admitted that she had gone through "channels" to contact Jim but hadn't spoken to him directly, adding: "I think that sometimes people need to take a real break from each other."
In response, Carrey admitted that he hadn't seen Evan for a long time, but said he thought it was for the best.
"I will always do what I believe is in the best interest of Evan's well being," he said in a statement.
"It's unfortunate that Evan's privacy is not being considered. I love Evan very much and will miss him always."
Jim had known the boy from when he was three, and split from his mother when Evan was eight.
Two years after her radio attack, Jenny hinted that the exes were in a better place when she defended Jim against Shia LaBeouf's tweeted (and deleted) accusation that Carrey had "abandon[ed] love child's [sic]".
(Image: Superior Court of California)
She hit back on The View, telling Shia: "You can attack myself, but don't bring my children into it. And I'm sure it's the same for Jim.
"Jim and I have become friends now since our breakup," she continued.
"We dated for five years and I got to know his daughter, Jane, who is a lovely, lovely girl. It's completely uncalled for and wrong. Jim is a great father. He loves Jane more than anything in the world. Shia did apologise and Jim did take it, but the whole thing is, do not bring our children into it."
In her autobiography, Jenny revealed how she heard voices in her head and believed it was God punishing her for her lifestyle.
(Image: WireImage)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
She also recalled how she and a group of friends stripped naked on a beach after taking ecstasy, and tried to have sex with a tree.
"I found myself holding a tree to brace myself. The texture felt so good that I decided to rub my head and boobs all over it. It was a tree I was humping," she wrote in Bad Habits: Confessions Of A Recovering Catholic.
She went on to star as Courtney in Two And A Half Men between 2007 and 2011, and appeared as herself in 2014's series of International Ghost Investigators.
Jenny was recently in the US TV series of Return Of The Mac and is now married to actor Donnie Wahlberg.
The province of Sancti Spiritus will be part of the Cuban delegation to attend the XXIII Central American Games of Barranquilla, which will take place from July 19 to August 3 next
Twenty-four will be the representatives of this central territory, 20 of which are athletes among whom Eglys de la Cruz Farfán (shooter), Serguey Torres (canoeist), Frederich Cepeda (baseball player), and Yamara Amargo (basketball player) stand out for their historical results in these games.
De la Cruz is the one with the greatest participation (Maracaibo 98, Cartagena de Indias 2006, Veracruz 2014, and Barranquilla 2018), has won the most medals and titles, and is part of the select group of athletes from the area with the most gold medals ever conquered in the oldest multiple games on the planet.
Torres has so far participated in three Central American Games, having won four gold and one silver medals. Cepeda equals the canoeist's participation and has won two titles, while Yamara Amargo, also with two titles, will be participating for the third time this year.
According to sport authorities, there are other local athletes with participated in the Central American Games held in Veracruz, Mexico, in 2014. They are Marlene Cepeda (basketball), Yuraima Vera and Roselí Harris (field hockey), Rafael Rosendi (gymnastics), Hayla de la Caridad Brunet (skating).
The other 11 members of the sport delegation to Barranquilla will be attending this type of games for the first time. They are: Reineris Andreu (wrestling), Eylen Gilbert (basketball), Meily Cots (field hockey), Lisbet Hernandez (shooting), Milena Venegas (rowing), Adrián Puentes (archery), Adrián Goide and Osniel Melgarejo (volleyball), Lorena González, Víctor Fernández and Julio Calero (swimming).
In the latest Games held in 2014, Sancti Spiritus won 18 gold, 4 silver, and 5 bronze medals.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
© Wikimedia Commons/Wildfeuer
A three-year-old girl was found in a Rotterdam home with her dead mother last month, alderman Sven de Langen said in a letter to the municipal council. While some media reports suggested the girl may have been home alone with her mother's body for a week, the exact timeline is not yet known. The girl is now with a foster family and is doing well under the circumstances, the alderman wrote. He called the incident "tragic".The child and the body of her 41-year-old mother were found on January 20th. According to RTV Rijnmond, they were discovered after a downstairs neighbor noticed water leaking through the roof. The water came from a tap in the home above. It is believed that the 3-year-old left the tap open when she was looking for something to drink.Family members told the broadcaster that the woman was known to the aid organizations for some time. They were reportedly stunned it took a week before her death was noticed.RTV Rijnmond reports that the girl was in the home in the Nieuwe Westen district for around a week before she was found. Neither the police nor the municipality would confirm this to AD, but authorities reportedly said no crime was committed.The municipality reported the incident to the Healthcare and Youth Inspectorate. The inspectorate is investigating whether the mother and child received any form of care before the mother's death.
Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA) said Thursday that Russia promoted content that supported the Second Amendment on social media during the 2016 election because they wanted Americans to kill one another.
"You had the content that was clearly anti-Hillary, and you had the content that was very pro-Trump. But even the bigger quantity of content that was being pushed through social media was just content designed to pit us against each other," Schiff said while speaking at the University of Pennsylvania.
"They also trumpeted the Second Amendment. Apparently Russians are very big fans of our Second Amendment. They don't particularly want a Second Amendment of their own, but they're really glad that we have one," Schiff said. "The Russians would be thrilled if we were doing nothing but killing each other every day, and sadly we are."
Democrats and their #FakeNews media claimed Russia ads on Facebook flipped the election away from Hillary to Trump.
Facebook executive Colin Stretch told the US Senate Judiciary Committee in November that the total number of those illegitimate ads are a drop in the ocean - less than 0.004 percent of all content - or about 1 in 23,000 news feed items.
Russia didn't flip the election.
Adam Schiff says Russian ads aimed at pushing Americans to kill each other.The Second Amendment (Amendment II) to the United States Constitution protects the right of the people to keep and bear arms... and according to California Congressman Adam Schiff,Once again, another brilliant plan hatched by Putin... good thing Schiff caught on to it and can now begin seizing American's guns so as to thwart Russia's evil plan.On Thursday Democrat Schiff spoke to a crowd at the University of Pennsylvania, where the TDS - 'Russia hysteria virus' infected Schiff told the crowd NTK Network reports...Via The Gateway Pundit ...
© Associated Press
"Moscow boasts a powerful diplomatic presence, especially in such countries as Brazil, Venezuela, Columbia, Argentina, Mexico, Chile, and Cuba. With 300 million people and a combined GNP of over $1 trillion, MERCOSUR is a huge common market of South American countries, which includes the majority of continent's states.
Vladimir Putin met with President of Bolivia Evo Morales on the sidelines of the Third Summit of the Gas Exporting Countries Forum (Nov. 20-24). "There is interest in the fields of energy, engineering and certain high-tech sectors. We are prepared to work together with you in military technology cooperation as well," he is Bolivian counterpart"
https://www.strategic-culture.org/news/2017/12/08/russia-latin-america-promising-prospects-for-military-cooperation.html
"The commander of the Bolivian Air Force recommended that La Paz acquire Russian Yakovlev Yak-130 "Mitten" light-attack aircraft to replace the service's Lockheed T-33s. The Bolivian Army has an ongoing requirement for new armoured transports and combat vehicles for which it has previously considered Russian equipment. The two countries signed a defense cooperation agreement back in August, which appears to the first step by Russia for larger weapons transfers to Bolivia. This is a part of a much broader picture."
"The Yak-130 combat training fighter plane, the Su-35 and Su-30MK super-maneuverable multirole fighters and the MiG-29M multirole frontline fighter, the Mi-28NE, Ka-52, Mi-35M combat helicopters and the Mi-26T2 heavy transport helicopter, the Pantsir-S1 anti-aircraft missile and artillery system, and the Antey-2500 long-range air defense system are the most promising weapon systems Russia can offer to Latin American buyers.
Potential Latin American customers are traditionally attracted by Russia's air defense systems, especially the Pantsir-S1 air defense missile/gun system, Tor-M2KM and Buk-M2E SAM systems, and the Igla-S MANPADS. The Mi-17, Mi-26T2 and Ansat helicopters are in focus of public attention. The Project 20382 Tiger-class small patrol boat (corvette), Project 14310 Mirazh-class patrol boat and Project 636 large diesel-electric submarine draw the attention of senior naval officers from various countries of the continent.
Russian ground forces' weapons and military equipment, which are also used by special operations units to combat crime, terrorism and drug mafia, appear to be in demand.
Russia and Argentina are in talks on acquisition of Russian MiG-29 fighters. Brazil is interested in the purchase of Russia's Pantsir-S1air defense missile and artillery system as well as more Igla-S portable SAMs that have already been sold to that country. Colombia, Peru, Venezuela, Uruguay and Argentina have expressed interest in purchasing Russian fighter jets, such as the Sukhoi Su-30 fighter currently operating in Syria."
With all the anti-Russia sanctions imposed by the US and EU, Russia has turned its attention towards Latin America to further enhance its economic opportunities with other world economies. From fighter planes to mini-subs, capable of operating at a depth of 6,000 meters, Russia is increasingly taking a lead in military technology.In a recent article at Strategic Culture Alex Gorka states:Aside from interest in the fields of energy, there is also a market for Russia-made weapons exports.Time and time again we see the sanctions against Russia keep backfiring as Russia establishes its place among the superpowers. Now it seems like these sanctions have pushed Russia to partner up with other countries, giving power to these countries to resist US intimidation. Given that the Western Empire is failing, more and more countries are looking to stabilize themselves with the added protection of Russian Military Tech.Russian Yakovlev Yak-130s aren't the only attractive tech sought after by Latin American countries.And what self-respecting nation state in the market for defensive weapons wouldn't want Russian-made products after witnessing the spectacularly effective way in which Russia defended Syria from US-backed jihadists and ISIS forces and their head-chopping allies as they attempted to overthrow the Assad government. Russia has shown itself to be more than a match for US weaponry, with a tenth of the budget, and has operated impeccably in the international stage. Making Russia a very attractive business partner for our chaotic future.This new Russian military tech presents a ray of hope for any country that wishes to relieve itself from the toxic influence of the US empire.
The complainant, John McCracken, said Chretien's lack of response demonstrates that Nova Scotia's lobbying law is "toothless."
He said his only option now would be to take his complaint about Chretien to the police, a move that he's contemplating.
"It confirms everything I predicted at the time when I got my response from the registrar, which was that they (the registrar) were going to contact him and he (Chretien) was going to laugh in their face," he said in an interview.
The day before the meeting, Chretien had attended a conference in Sydney and told reporters about his role as an international adviser to Sydney Harbour Investment Partners.
When a Cape Breton Post reporter asked Chretien how he'd market the Sydney container port to the premier, the former prime minister said he felt the premier would be in favour of a provincewide approach to container ports.
"He (McNeil) said, 'He's for the development and he wants development in Nova Scotia,' and he's the premier of all Nova Scotia. And there always competition between one city and another. But all the cities in Nova Scotia are in Nova Scotia, but he is the premier of Nova Scotia."
The provincial Liberal government has been cautious about the Sydney proposal, as a 2016 study prepared for the province and the federal Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency recommended against public money for a terminal that would compete against the Halifax port.
As the interview continued, Chretien was asked if the province should invest money in the container port proposal, and he replied: "I hope so."
When asked about another project along the Strait of Canso trying to develop a port, Chretien replied, "So what? I'm working for Sydney. I'm not working for them."
Clarke has previously made clear there was little she could do to probe what had occurred.
"The role of the Registrar of Lobbyists is to administer the Registry of Lobbyists. The Registrar is not an enforcement agent," MacInnis confirmed in an email to The Canadian Press.
A number of other provincial jurisdictions, including Ontario, and the federal commissioner of lobbying can probe citizen complaints and recommend police investigations.
Conacher said in an interview that he'd encourage McCracken to bring the media reports regarding Chretien's actions to the attention of police.
"He can say 'There's this story, and there's this law, can you please check into what the (former) prime minister's been doing,' " he said.
Conacher said in most jurisdictions, commissioners do an investigation and bring the matter to police if it's considered a crime was potentially committed. He said Nova Scotia should set up a similar system.
"They often do the front-line investigation that police don't have time to do," he said.
Nova Scotia legislation provides for a fine of not more than $25,000 for anyone who lobbies without registering first.
McCracken said he would have been content had Chretien registered as a lobbyist after his complaint, and agreed to follow the rules of lobbyists going forward.
These include requirements such as documenting if he has lobbied provincial politicians or government agencies on behalf of his client.
Nova Scotia's lobbyist registration law says lobbying includes communicating with a public servant "in an attempt to influence" the awarding of a contribution on behalf of government.
One of the definitions of a lobbyist under the Nova Scotia law is "an individual paid to lobby on behalf of a client."
A person who does this is required to disclose their name, address and the name of the company they're lobbying on behalf of, and the "subject matter" of their lobbying and who they've contacted.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Disgraced headteacher James Stewart has been jailed for four years.
The 72-year-old former headteacher of Sawtry Community College was sentenced today (October 6) after admitting fraud of more than £100,000, drinking alcohol on site and having regular sex with another adult in his school office “sex dungeon”.
Stewart, who had served as principal of the college for almost 30 years, was jailed at Huntingdon Crown Court.
He must serve half and the rest can be on licence after being sentenced to 12 months concurrent on count 14 of misconduct in office.
Judge Stuart Bridge said: “It is the shortest sentence I can pass to reflect the seriousness of the offending.
'In the last five years things went very badly wrong'
“I have no doubt for a considerable length of time after your appointment in 1985 you were an effective principal, but for the last five years things went very badly wrong.
“You made fraudulent expenses claims totalling more than £80,000.
“Those were amounts you incurred on your own private credit cards, items for your own use, a wide range of goods and services.
“You were charging the school your everyday expenses despite your considerable salary.
“You had a cozy relationship with you assistant principal and head of governors and were able to get the claims signed off with no problems.”
The judge added: “Being bullying, overbearing and superior gave you the power you need which you then sought to exploit.
“You failed to provide quality of education in staff development and resources, to the detriment of the reputation of the college.
“On a site condition survey, it indicated the impact of your failure. It is impossible to calculate the impact of your conduct.
In the final years, from 2011 when Sawtry gained academy status to 2017, the reputational loss to college is significant.”
The college “hemorrhaged staff and pupils”.
'You were regularly engaging in sex during school hours on school premises'
He added: “You were regularly engaging in sex during school hours on school premises in so called ‘inner sanctum', you were drunk on school premises during school hours, to detriment of your ability to do your job.”
He also cited the ‘habitual' horse racing trips, ski holidays and lateness.
“It reflects how you controlled and exploited. Instead of working hard to justify your substantial income you put your private and personal life first, the judge said.
“You are paid to exercise discipline, to lead and get respect from children, staff and parents.
“You conducted yourself in such a way you became something of a joke.
'You appear now a man quite rightly a man humiliated by his actions'
“You appear now a man quite rightly a man humiliated by his actions.
“I am of the view that the only sentence this court can pass is a substantial sentence of immediate custody.
“By all accounts this was a serious fraud and misuse of position, committed over a significant period of time.
“There was direct substantial loss in excess of £100,000. There were other losses occasioned by your actions.”
The misconduct charges have been described by the judge as “complementary” to the fraud charges.
His former vice principal, Alan Stevens, was also sentenced at the same court after pleading guilty to two counts of fraud relating to expense claims in August this year at Peterborough Crown Court.
Stevens was given a sentence of 24 weeks in prison suspended for 12 months and 80 hours' unpaid work in that 12-month period.
He is to pay £364.59 by way of compensation and contribution of £2,000 to cost of prosecution, at a rate of £200 a month starting at the end of the month.
An interactive map is making it easier for Okanagan residents to support their local farmers.
Buy Local BC recently announced the arrival of the sixth annual 2018 Buy Local! Buy Fresh! Okanagan Map and the third annual 2018 Buy Local! Buy Fresh! Thompson Shuswap Map. This year's campaign includes more than 125 listings including 77 farms across the two new editions of your year-round map and guide to local food, according to a Buy Local news release.
The Thompson Shuswap map showcases 50 participants from Kamloops to Salmon Arm, east to Sicamous, west to Ashcroft and Lillooet, and north to Clearwater. The latest Okanagan map features more than 75 participants between Osoyoos, the Similkameen Valley, north to Armstrong. Together, these maps present some of our region's finest locally produced food and drinks, along with great events, services, and ideas for visiting or touring many of the producers and farms, the release said.
The 2018 Okanagan map officially launched at Vernon Farmers' Market June 28. The 2018 Thompson Shuswap map launched June 30 at Salmon Arm and Shuswap area markets starting in Sorrento Village Farmers' Market. Free copies of the maps are also available at most visitor centres and hotels, and at many participating businesses throughout the Okanagan Valley, the Thompson Valleys, and the Shuswap.
“This year was our earliest campaign opening yet, and we're very happy to have the new maps out for the start of summer. We'll be looking forward to going out again through the season for more market visits and events,” said Buy Local BC founder and coordinator Shayne Wright.
For more information, locations to pick up printed maps, and to view the online listings, visit buylocalbc.org.
edit@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
What do you think of the mutual opponent hypothesis? What's that? The idea that if team A and team B each play team C, then whoever does better against team C would do better against the other, as well.
If it's anything to go by, the Anaheim Ducks are in a sweet spot right now, and the LA Kings are in big, big trouble.
Saturday afternoon, the New Jersey Devils rolled into Staples Center for 1pm. They scored an early shorthanded goal. They scored two goals on their first four shots in period one. They killed five Kings' power plays in that same period. And they ended up shutting out the Kings 3-0.
Sunday afternoon (or early evening, depending upon how fancy-European you time your dinner), those same Devils rolled into Anaheim. They appeared to score at the 16-second mark of period one, but had the play ruled offside. Then they allowed two goals, both at even strength.
Let's not make this all about the Devils, though, because the truth of it is, the Ducks rolled over them after the early scare on that non-goal. (Would have been poetic, too, because the person who scored the disallowed goal was Sami Vatanen, traded from the Ducks to the Devils for Adam Henrique back in the fall.)
The Ducks were on it. They blasted 17 shots in period one, to six for New Jersey. The chances were all in their favor, too, except for one. That was a two-on-one by Taylor Hall and Travis Zajak that Zajak saw John Gibson get a piece of.
The rest of it was all Anaheim. It started in the first shift, with Cogliano's line getting feisty with the puck. A few minutes later, Cogliano got it on the right side. He shot. Rebound. Silfverberg couldn't scoop the rebound.
The Ducks scored on the next play. Perry sent the puck across to Rakell, who got a shot off. Save, and a rebound that went way out into the slot, was whacked by a NJ defenseman, and went to Getzlaf coming down the slot late. He had an open net—goalie Keith Kinkaid was out of position. Getzlaf put it long into the open net. No assists were granted.
The Cogliano line then had another shift where they were all over the ice. No goals. The Getzlaf line was out there again, the puck went to the net, and it sat out in front of Kinkaid's glove, but they couldn't whack it into the net.
They saw the Zajak play mentioned earlier, then the Ducks went back to work. Silfverberg dug a puck out from behind the net, set it up to the point, to Cogliano. He zipped it over to Lindholm, who put it to Manson. The shot was redirected into the net by the shaft of Silfverberg's stick.
The Ducks next survived a penalty. Then the Getzlaf line got out and created more havoc with about six minutes left. Then Nick Ritchie, who scored a goal Friday night, took a wicked long, low shot to the far side of the net from where he was standing, watching it roll through the goalie and out to the left of the net.
If you're keeping track, that means that every line but the fourth was dangerous in this period. Kind of nice to build on a game where all four lines scored one goal, as had happened Friday as well.
Near the end of the period the Ducks took another minor, then added one on to make it 5-on-3 for 1:26 to start the third.This didn't even hurt. They killed it, and it took New Jersey until just past midway to score. That was on the power play, Palmieri getting the tally. The Devils were better than in the first as period two wounds on. Blake Coleman made a nice stop-start stutter step move and fired low and wide.
Their goal on the power play was for too many men, and there was no question. Anaheim had a guy jump off to try to avert it, but they had six men free and clear at one point. The Devils took a penalty of their own in the period, Vatanen for hooking. They turned this into a two-on-one versus the Ducks, rendering the PP ineffectual. This wasn't helped by Getzlaf breaking his stick in the New Jersey end.
Period three saw the Ducks score, former Duck Patrick Maroon return the favor, and the Ducks get the ice goal at midway.
The Ducks were rolling Rakell flipped the puck towards Henrique in the crease hoping for a redirect. Didn't happen.
New Jersey had a good shift near the midway point, the puck going low from Vatanen to Maroon. At that point, it was still 3-2, and the shots were 33-15 in Anaheim's favor.
Then the goal. It was a bit of a crusher, too, as the Maroon goal had come just 46 seconds before. Read that this way: just when you get the game to 3-2 and think you're getting some momentum back, just when they're announcing your goal, blaaaahhh goes the goal horn, and the other team is up two goals once more.
Things got a little bit testy around that same time. Maroon and Getzlaf took roughing penalties at 10:51 in an almost-fight. This just after the Rakell goal, scored at that same time point. What was the point? Not sure. Getzlaf went to the box pretty fast. Maroon took a while longer.
So what's the comparison between the Kings and Ducks? One thing that would mitigate the Ducks' win as saying something about who is better might be that the Devils were tired due to back-to-backs. But Maroon said, “This time of the year, you shouldn't be tired. You should be yourself, be ready to play every night. Have your legs. Even if you don't have your legs, you have your head. You have your smarts.”
He would later add, “They're a good team over there. We're a good team. They were just a little better tonight.”
One for the Ducks.
Maroon said, “There should be no panic. We're in a good situation right now. This is fun. It's exciting. Next game, we just go out there and do it again.”
His coach, John Hynes, wasn't apologizing for the loss. And he wasn't taking the “We did OK given the circumstances” line. “Anaheim played a heck of a game. They were very thorough. They deserved to win the game. Sometimes you have to give credit to the opponent for how well they play. We weren't as sharp as we needed to be. Our puck movement didn't allow us to access our speed.”
Did the Ducks have anything to do with that? “We were not sharp enough and competitive enough,” Hynes said. He said, “I think we've got to learn from (this game). . . . You have to get to your game, and we didn't do that tonight. Part of that was us, and part of that was what Anaheim did tonight.”
So what does this tell us about the Ducks versus the Kings? Well, listen to Randy Carlyle and see what you think. “We had a great start, and we had to have a great start. They played yesterday afternoon, and we had to have a lot of energy going.”
He was also complimentary of his team keeping the New Jersey shot totals down, and kill penalties. The Ducks took give, though the last was the offsetting one to Getlaf/Maroon, as mentioned. New Jersey was thus one-for-four on the PP.
So the Ducks beat the Devils because they played better than New Jersey did. The Kings lost to the Devils because they laid an egg.
So who's better?
Notes
Josh Manson was hurt and did not finish the game. The Ducks will assess before the road trip.
Who's doing well for Anaheim? John Gibson has three straight wins and is 9-2-0 in this last 11 games. He is the league leader is GAA at 1.84 and save percentage at .940 since the NHL All-Star game.
Getzlaf had his 16th multi-point game of the year. He has points in eight of nine games. Rakell has 19 multi-point games and 14 points in the last ten games.
Brandon Montour, who scored two goals the other night, now has three in three games and five game-winning goals this year. This leads all NHL defensemen. He is also tied for the franchise lead with Oleg Tverdovsky and Niclas Havelid. At least his name is easier to spell.
Several Anaheim defensemen are at or near the 30-point plateau.
Seen and heard: Vatanen and Fowler sharing a big hug and an “I miss you buddy” from Vatanen after the game.
Lots of tie-ins in this game. Think about this: every goal scorer is or at one time was a Duck. And most of those who gained assists, too.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A wife whose love never wavered during her husband's 31 years in jail for a double murder he denies has spoken movingly of the freedom she hopes they will soon share.
In a rare and poignant interview, Marita Maharaj, 78, says of former South London businessman Kris: “I just want to be in a nice, quiet place with him.
“To walk near the sea with a dog, to have a cup of tea in bed together.
“If I wanted to hug him I could, if I wanted to kiss him I could.”
Kris, 79, has been locked up in America since 1986 and spent the first 15 years of his sentence on death row.
But he could be free this summer after new evidence linked the killings to Colombian drugs baron Pablo Escobar .
Maria remembers: “When he first went to jail he told me to go home.
“He said ‘This is too much for you'.
“But I said ‘I will never leave you alone.' Until the last breath I will be beside you.”
(Image: Justin Sutcliffe)
Statistics show that women in Marita's position usually leave within the first five years. But not her.
Living close to the jail, alone and dependent on the charity of friends now Kris's fortune has gone, she visits weekly despite her own ill-health.
She is allowed only to kiss and hug him on arrival and departure.
For the rest of the week, contact is ­re­­­stricted to a daily five to 10-minute phone call with guards listening in.
For the long years Kris was on death row she was not allowed even that.
Instead, she wrote every day and she still treasures hundreds of his return letters which she lovingly keeps in boxes.
For 31 years she has never had another ­relationship.
She laughs: “I was once a nice-looking woman but I have never met anyone else. If I felt someone liked me I stop­­ped seeing them.
"Once some­one wanted to marry me but I always wear my wedding ring. I have never been interested in or intimate with another man.
“I do feel incredible loneliness. But if you really love someone you don't think about other people.”
When Portuguese-born Marita was told of Escobar's alleged involvement in the killings, she could not believe it.
She had never heard of the Colombian who was gunned down in 1993. She sighs: “It is unbelievable our lives could get caught up in that world.
“What the hell have they got to do with us? We are caring people. Why?”
Kris's legal team believe they have convincing ­evi­­dence he was framed.
It has emerged that the two murdered men were laundering Escobar's money and helping themselves.
And cartel associates claim the drugs supremo ordered their murder as payback.
Trinidad-born Kris and Marita, who moved to the UK as a student, met in London and enjoyed an affluent life thanks to his food import business.
Kris even raced horses against the Queen – and once beat her at Ascot. Business took the couple to Florida.
(Image: Reuters)
And it was there, on October 16, 1986, that their world was shattered when father and son Derrick and Duane Moo Young were shot dead in room 1215 of the Dupont Plaza Hotel in Miami.
They were business associates of Kris and owed him £280,000.
Yet, even though he was in the process of suing them to reclaim his mon­­­­ey, prosecutors seized on this as a motive – despite his having no ­criminal ecord.
Kris's fingerprints were found in the hotel room. He had previously visited it for an unconnected meeting but that fact was dismissed or overlooked.
UK human rights charity Reprieve has fought Kris's case alongside Marita.
And now a federal judge has ordered Florida's state government to re-examine it by the end of this month.
Reprieve has also uncovered evidence suggesting the US authorities may have been told about Escobar's involvement in the killings all along.
Marita shudders as she describes how police arrested Kris without ­explanation as they ate in a restaurant.
She recalls: “I thought they were kidnapping him.
“I could not even dream what was going on.
(Image: Getty)
“Kris was absolutely petrified. That was the last time he was free.”
Marita immediately disbelieved the allegations.
She explains: “If I cut my hand Kris would pass out at the sight of blood.” But it wasn't just Kris's character which convinced her. She, along with Reprieve, say the evidence against him is full of holes which were apparent even before the Escobar link was uncovered.
At the trial, the evidence of the key prosecution witness fell to pieces and he failed a lie-detector test.
Kris passed the test and six witnesses said they had seen him elsewhere at the time of the murder.
However, the defence called none of them and he was found guilty.
Marita recalls: “He fainted when they convicted him. I screamed.”
But then and there she was certain of her commitment. She says: “I have to fight to stay alive and to keep Kris alive as well. At first I was worried he would lose his mind.”
Even though he was then on death row, Marita remained convinced he would not die. So she wrote those letters to him each day, and he to her.
(Image: Reuters)
She shrugs: “There is not much you can say. Letters are censored. But I told him I missed him. He has become very low. He says if it were not for me he would be dead long ago.”
Indeed, he could easily be.
In 2012 he contracted a near-fatal bacterial infection in the cramped prison conditions and nearly lost a leg. Today he needs a walking frame or wheelchair.
But, Marita says, he is still the man she fell in love with. She adds: “He has not changed much... only his appearance.”
Reprieve's founder Clive Stafford Smith has been dedicated to Kris's case for more than two decades.
It was his lead which took investigators to Colombia where they spoke to six associates of Escobar's who were willing to say on record he ordered the killings.
In 2014 he told Marita what they had uncovered. And while she prays for Kris's release this year, hoping the true killer will finally carry the can, she can only allow herself to look ahead day by day.
Kris has said: “All I have to celebrate is the love of my wife.”
And it is those words she clings to.
She says: “When he says this it makes me stronger.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
As long as there has been clothes, there has been haute couture, an act itself that pre-dates its name, which became official sometime in mid-19th century Paris. Literally the translation for "dress making," the process insists on fragile, hand-made construction from start to finish. It's a delicate craft—perhaps the last touch of magic in modern fashion as we know it. For this Spring/Summer 2018 special photographer Alexandra Von Fuerst and stylist Viola Galassi subvert these conventions, exposing the cold contrast where ice meets fire, metal meets silk. Creating abstractions as an environment, the duo offer their statement with the most precious gowns of the season.
Katia Andre wears dress Dior Haute Couture Alexandra Von Fuerst
clothing and boots Givenchy Haute Couture Alexandra Von Fuerst
coat and boots Chanel, hosiery Nicolas Messina Alexandra Von Fuerst
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
clothing Armani PRIVÉ Alexandra Von Fuerst
DRESS AND GLOVES VALENTINO HAUTE COUTURE Alexandra Von Fuerst
DRESS GIAMBATTISTA VALLI HAUTE COUTURE Alexandra Von Fuerst
JUMPSUIT GAULTIER PARIS Alexandra Von Fuerst
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
DRESS SCHIAPARELLI HAUTE COUTURE, STAY-UPS NICOLAS MESSINA Alexandra Von Fuerst
CLOTHING ALEXANDRE VAUTHIER Alexandra Von Fuerst
PHOTOGRAPHER ALEXANDRA VON FUERST
FASHION VIOLA GALASSI
MODEL KATIA ANDRE AT ELITE PARIS
SET DESIGN CHLOE GUERBOIS
HAIR BRUNO SILVANI AT ARTISTS UNIT
MAKEUP ARTIST MARIA OLSSON AT ARTISTS UNIT USING MAC COSMETICS
MANICURIST MALOU AT BACKSTAGE AGENCY
STYLIST ASSISTANT MATTHIEU JALLADAUD
Aug 11 (Reuters) - Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd
* Kirkland Lake Gold to list common shares on new york stock exchange
* Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd - trading of company's common shares will commence under symbol "KL" on Wednesday, August 16, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The five-star hotel offers elegance and luxury in the heart of Beijing.
Within walking distance of some of China's most significant landmarks and historical sites, including Tiananmen Square, the Forbidden City, and the Drum and Bell Towers, as well as world-class shopping areas, such as Wangfujing and Oriental Plaza, you will find the sensational Legendale Hotel Beijing. Tucked away amidst the well-preserved and vibrant hutong alleyways of Old Beijing, the hotel offers a quiet sanctuary where guests can relax and gaze at lush, landscaped gardens and towering European ash trees.
Inside the hotel, you will find a breath-taking lobby with a 17-story atrium featuring artwork suspended high above the ground. Gilded staircases, elaborate balconies, abundant natural light and spacious, richly coloured rooms are awaiting guests looking to experience old-school opulence. Guests highly rate the hotel for its comfort, vast amenities, attentive staff, sumptuous décor and fantastic location.
The hotel offers 390 rooms and 79 opulent serviced apartments in addition to four international restaurants offering French, Portuguese, Cantonese and Macanese cuisine and three bars and lounges. With 10 different meeting and events spaces, including the dramatic Versailles ballroom which can accommodate up to 500 guests, the hotel can host events of all sizes and is often a favourite spot for corporate gatherings. After a long day of work meetings or exploring the city, you can unwind at the complimentary health club, which features a large swimming pool, sauna, massage room, spa treatments and a beauty salon.
Recognised as one of the best independent hotels in Beijing, the hotel's extensive list of awards includes:
Best Hotel in China 2016 – Life Element / China Luxus
Gold Circle Award 2016 – Agoda
Best Luxury Hotel of the Year 2015 – Ctrip Traveler's Top Spot
Top 10 Most Glamorous Hotels in China 2015 – Hotel Starlight Awards
During the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, the hotel received 22 Heads of State and Ministers of Sports from 34 countries.
Whether you are traveling for business or for pleasure, look no further than the Legendale. To book a stay or plan your next event at the hotel, contact Michelle Low at michelle.low@amistadpartners.com.
Source : https://www.amistadpartners.com/apvoice/amistad-partners-and-legendale-hotel-beijing-partnership
Islamic scholar and TV analyst Tariq Ramadan has been arrested in Paris and charged with rape, a judicial source told CNN.
Scroll for more content...
Ramadan, 55, was arrested on Wednesday, charged Friday and will remain in custody in France until his next hearing, the source said.
The arrest of the Oxford University professor follows public claims by two women that he assaulted them in French hotel rooms.
CNN has reached out to Ramadan's lawyer for comment.
Ramadan is a Swiss citizen who often has been featured by international media, including CNN, and whose grandfather, Hassan al-Banna, founded Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood movement.
Ramadan wrote in an October post on Facebook: "Unfounded allegations can never take the place of concrete truth. These accusations are simply false, and betray all the ideals I have long strived for and believed in."
A statement in November by Oxford University said Ramadan "categorically denies" any wrongdoing.
Ramadan took a leave of absence from Oxford in late 2017.
Accusations date to 2009 and 2012
Two accusations against Ramadan were filed in October, related to alleged incidents in 2009 and 2012, CNN affiliate BFM reported.
The first woman to accuse Ramadan of rape is Henda Ayari, a former Ramadan follower who has since become a secular activist. She publicly accused him in a Facebook post and later told The New York Times she "could not forget what happened to (her) that night with him."
A second accuser, a disabled woman who has not been named, has also accused Ramadan of rape, BFM reported last month.
"If there are other victims in France or elsewhere, they now know that justice will take notice of what they have been through," Ayari's lawyer, Jonas Haddad, told Le Monde newspaper Friday.
Ayari will soon face Ramadan in court, Haddad told BFMTV.
(ABC News) — Tom Cruise may have suffered an injury while performing a stunt on the London set of “Mission: Impossible 6.”
In a video obtained by ABC News, the actor is seen leaping off a platform while attached to a bungee cord. Cruise, 55, lands short of the building he was aiming for and catches himself with his hands.
Cruise is shown limping away, apparently attempting to avoid putting pressure on his right leg.
A rep for the actor and Paramount, the studio behind the forthcoming sixth installment of the action-spy franchise that is due out July 27, 2018, did not immediately respond to ABC News' request for comment.
Related Content: Tom Cruise, Nicole Kidman didn't attend daughter's wedding
Cruise is known for doing his own stunts. The thrill-seeking actor has explained why he prefers to do it himself.
“I've trained for 30 years doing things like this,” he said back in 2013 on The Graham Norton Show. “It allows us to put cameras in places that you're not normally able to do. When I started producing ‘Mission: Impossible,' I started developing different action around what I could physically train doing.”
Robert Elswit, director of photography for 2015's “Rogue Nation,” said Cruise will “figure out a way to do” any stunt himself.
“I'm always stunned,” Elswit told The Hollywood Reporter that year. “What inside of him makes it possible for anybody to do that kind of s— and not be scared s—less? He loves it.”
LOS ANGELES (AP) — A plea agreement from the only person to be criminally charged in the San Bernardino terror attack drew mixed emotions from the victims' loved ones.
“It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day,” said Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the 2015 shooting.
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, agreed to plead guilty Tuesday to providing the high-powered rifles used to kill 14 people and injure nearly two dozen others and to plotting a mass killing with the gunman Syed Rizwan Farook that they never carried out, court records say.
Pifer said despite the tough timing of the deal she's “relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it.”
She said she planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact her boyfriend's killing has had on her. In his last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding her from the bullets.
“It is what it is,” she said. “Nothing's going to bring him back.”
Farook and his wife, Tashfeen Malik opened fire on his co-workers on Dec. 2, 2015, and were later killed in a gunfight with authorities.
Prosecutors said Marquez acknowledged being a “straw buyer” when he purchased two AR-15 rifles from a sporting goods store that were used in the attack at the Inland Regional Center in San Bernardino. Prosecutors have said Marquez agreed to buy the weapons because the attackers feared Farook's Middle Eastern appearance might arouse suspicion. Prosecutors said there is no evidence Marquez participated in the San Bernardino massacre or had advance knowledge of it.
Marquez also admitted to plotting with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to massacre college students and gun down motorists on a gridlocked California freeway, though those attacks never occurred.
Federal officials said the duo had envisioned halting traffic on state Route 91 with explosives and then firing at trapped motorists, or tossing pipe bombs into a crowded cafeteria at Riverside City College.
Marquez said he backed out of the plot after four men in the area about 60 miles inland from Los Angeles were arrested on terrorism charges in late 2012, the FBI has said in court documents.
“While his earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center,” U.S. Attorney Eileen M. Decker said Tuesday.
Marquez, who could face up to 25 years in prison, is scheduled to appear before a federal judge on Thursday. His attorney didn't immediately respond to messages seeking comment.
Marquez and Farook first met in 2005 after Marquez moved next door to Farook's family in Riverside, about 55 miles east of downtown Los Angeles, officials said. The then-teens would meet in Farook's garage and Farook, a Muslim, began educating his new friend about his religion. Marquez converted and became a Muslim in 2007.
The FBI said the two began discussing extremist views shortly after Marquez converted. By late 2011, Marquez spent most of his time at Farook's home, where he read Inspire magazine, an official publication of al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula; watched videos produced by al-Qaida's affiliate in Somalia; and studied radical material online, federal officials said.
___
Associated Press writer Amanda Lee Myers contributed to this report.
___
Follow Michael Balsamo on Twitter at http://twitter.com/MikeBalsamo1.
Sweating what to give this holiday? Well then we bet you sure wish you were wearing one of Thompson Tee's patented undershirt that totally blocks armpit sweat. Grab some now and get 25% off your order.
Following Harvey Weinstein's recent sexual harassment allegations, Brie Larson took to Twitter to recount her own uncomfortable situation.
On Thursday, the actress shared a story where her kindness was misconstrued as an invitation for something more by a TSA agent. "I merely smiled at a TSA agent and he asked for my phone number. To live life as a woman is to live life on the defense," the Academy Award-winning actress posted.
Soon after, she was met with criticism by a Twitter user, who claimed that she was "soft-skinned" and that the man should "be applauded" for having "the guts" to show interest. The star took his comments as an opportunity to school the Internet about the reality of being a woman.
I hope you take the time to learn more about the experiences of women. It's real + scary sometimes and people like you can make it better — Brie Larson (@brielarson) October 6, 2017
"I hope you take the time to learn more about the experiences of women," she responded. "It's real + scary sometimes and people like you can make it better."
The 28-year-old, who memorably won an Oscar for playing a victim of sexual assault in The Room, transformed the social media platform into an open dialogue about harassment and assault. "As always, I stand with the brave survivors of sexual assault and harassment. It's not your fault. I believe you," she wrote, before turning her focus towards the nay-sayers.
RELATED: Brie Larson Says She Didn't Feel "Pretty Enough" to Pursue Lead Movie Roles
"My recent tweets were an invitation to hear my experience as a woman. Are you up to learning something that may challenge your current view?" she questioned, launching into a four-step discussion.
My recent tweets were an invitation to hear my experience as a woman. Are you up to learning something that may challenge your current view? — Brie Larson (@brielarson) October 5, 2017
"First step: listen. I don't need you explain why my experience is invalid. I need you to listen because I am not a liar and I have a soul," she began. "Second: ask questions. If you don't understand, believe in us enough to learn more. This can be challenging if our perspectives differ."
First step: listen. I don't need you explain why my experience is invalid. I need you to listen because I am not a liar and I have a soul. — Brie Larson (@brielarson) October 5, 2017
Second: ask questions. If you don't understand, believe in us enough to learn more. This can be challenging if our perspectives differ. — Brie Larson (@brielarson) October 5, 2017
She continued: "Third: speak from a place of love. Remember that we are (hopefully) just trying to make the world a safer place for all. Fourth: social media can broaden your worldview. It can bring us together to learn. Don't miss this opportunity to grow in unexpected ways."
Third: speak from a place of love. Remember that we are (hopefully) just trying to make the world a safer place for all. — Brie Larson (@brielarson) October 5, 2017
Fourth: social media can broaden your world view. It can bring us together to learn. Don't miss this opportunity to grow in unexpected ways — Brie Larson (@brielarson) October 5, 2017
Go, Brie, go!
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jeremy Corbyn's Christmas cards are starting to drop on doorsteps as we speak - and people have noticed something odd in the design.
The festive greeting is a play on the cover of Labour's 2016 election manifesto cover.
But where the manifesto had outlines of a crowd people and the message "For the Many, Not the Few", the card features added yuletide decorations - including antlers, santa hats and cosy-looking scarves.
And it's the scarves that had people confused.
Here's the front of the card:
A couple of them are drawn in such a way as to suggest something decidedly off-brand for pacifist Corbyn.
Two of the figures look a bit like they're holding guns...
But don't worry, the inside confirms Jeremy's still all about peace and happiness
How does it compare with his previous Christmas cards?
Here's the 2016 card:
Corbyn's greeting last year featured a simple, elegant ribbon design of a white dove of peace, holding an olive branch, set on a plain red background.
And if you stand back a bit, you'll spot the hidden message.
The dove's outline spells out '2017'.
Nifty.
And here's 2015's card
Corbyn card
(Image: PA)
Corbyn's 2015 Christmas card featured a wintry scene and a pushbike.
But saw plenty of hidden messages in it.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Nine consecutive wins for Team Nova Scotia in Penticton at the South Okanagan Events Centre
Mascots kept the crowd entertained between ends at the Scotties Tournament of Hearts Saturday at the South Okanagan Events Centre. Mark Brett/Western News
By Matthew Abrey
Special to the Penticton Western News
Mary-Anne Arsenault and her Nova Scotia rink just keep on winning at the Scotties Tournament of Hearts in Penticton.
The Dartmouth-based rink brought down Tracy Fleury and Team Northern Ontario by a 6-2 score, winning their staggering ninth match in a row, earning a berth in Sunday's semifinal.
“It was so nice to put a really good game together,” said Arsenault, who has played in the Scotties 13 times. “I'm so proud of my girls. They played awesome and anytime we were in a little bit of trouble, (they) would make a double and we were back.”
Arsenault blanked the first three ends keeping the hammer for the fourth where she opened the scoring. She managed to expertly draw around the high-sitting guards with her final two stones to lay two, giving her Nova Scotia rink a 2-0 lead going into the fifth end.
Fleury earned one back in the fifth by picking and rolling across the inner blue rings to lay one, cutting Arsenault's lead to 2-1.
Arsenault fired right back making a pair of tight draws into the inner rings through a cluttered upper house to lay three in the sixth end — extending her lead to 5-1.
Fleury blanked the seventh, then drew to the button in the eighth to cut into Arsenault's lead. However, her Nova Scotia rink still found themselves down 5-2 heading into the ninth end.
The ninth end featured a jam-up heading into skips' final shots. Fleury cleared the jam-up with her last stone of the end, but Arsenault hit and stuck her hammer shot to further pad her lead at 6-2.
The teams decided to play the 10th end, even though Arsenault had a sizeable lead, but did not play the entire length. They shook hands with four rocks remaining after Northern Ontario couldn't keep enough stones in the house to justify finishing the end.
“We would have liked to have played better,” said Fleury, whose rink went 8-3 in tournament play. “But Nova Scotia played amazing and we just had some key misses. They played well and put a lot of pressure on us.”
Arsenault is now two wins away from giving Team Nova Scotia its first Scotties Tournament of Hearts national title in 14 years. Nova Scotia will play the loser of Saturday night's Page Playoff, between Manitoba and Team Wild Card, in the semifinal at 9 a.m. at the South Okanagan Events Centre to determine who will move on to the final. The winner of the Saturday night 7 p.m. draw will move directly to the final, which takes place at 4 p.m. on Sunday.
The HeartStop Lounge, located at the Penticton Trade and Convention Centre, will feature the final on one of their giant-screen TV's on Sunday, the other will be playing the Super Bowl. Tickets are not required to take in the action at the HeartStop Lounge.
For ticket information for the rest of the 2018 Scotties Tournament of Hearts draws, go to www.curling.ca/2018scotties/tickets/.
The 2018 Scotties Tournament of Hearts All-Star teams were also released, and are presented as follows:
1st Team:
Skip – Jennifer Jones
Third – Cary-Anne McTaggart
Second – Jill Officer – Manitoba
Lead – Dawn McEwen – Manitoba
2nd Team:
Skip – Tracy Fleury – Northern Ontario
Third – Shannon Birchard – Manitoba
Second – Jessie Scheidegger – Alberta
Lead – Ranoura Westcott – Team Canada
And at the fifth end break, Team Saskatchewan skip, Sherri Anderson, was presented with the Marj Mitchell Sportsmanship Award, which honours the player that most exemplified sportsmanship and dedication to curling throughout the tournament.
Third Crystal Webster of Team Northern Ontario looks for direction during Saturday's first playoff game against Team Nova Scotia. Mark Brett/Western News Third Crystal Webster of Team Northern Ontario looks for direction during Saturday's first playoff game against Team Nova Scotia. Mark Brett/Western News
Rome, July 4 - INPS said Wednesday that 5.548 million pensioners were on less than 1,000 euros a month in Italy in 2017. The pensions and social security agency said this group made up 35.9% of the total of 15.477 million pensioners. It said that around 1.114 million, 7.2% of the total, were on State pensions of over 3,000 euros a month. INPS estimated that the REI benefit for poor households would go to 1.462 million people, or 525 families, when it is fully operative. It said this means that it would go to only 29% of the five million people living in absolute poverty in Italy. INPS said that the REI benefit could cover almost all of the people in absolute poverty in Italy if another 6.2 billion euros were allocated to it.
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jay Ajayi has challenged Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to follow his example and lead Arsenal back to the big time.
The London-born running back and Gunners fan started the season in Miami before being traded on deadline day three months ago to Philadelphia.
His aggressive running style sparked the Eagles late in the season and helped them to reach Super Bowl LII where they take on the New England Patriots at US Bank Stadium on Sunday.
Now Ajayi hopes deadline-day signing Aubameyang can do the same for Arsene Wenger's team.
(Image: USA TODAY Sports)
(Image: Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
Ajayi said of the Gunners new striker: “I was following it and I knew there had been talks for weeks about if he was going to come or not.
“I want to see us rise again and then I can be proud.
“We need to win trophies but it's all about getting back to where Arsenal belong and that's top four placing and challenging for the league.
“Whatever we need to do to get back to that, then let's do it. I'm all for that.”
(Image: USA TODAY Sports)
The Eagles are playing in their third Super Bowl, having lost in the big game in 1981 and 2005. Head coach Doug Pederson thinks picking up Ajayi in mid-season has given them a great chance to make it third time lucky.
Pederson said: “I didn't know a ton about Jay. But when he arrived, he and I had a conversation and I just explained to him the environment, the locker room he was joining.
“Jay has made us better. Our guys embraced him. We haven't had any problems out of Jay. He's been awesome to work with.
“He's part of that running back group that has been real successful for us this year so it's fun to watch him perform.”
Buy Photo Julia Lowndes wears a green vintage Inner Most brand slip; J.Crew black and white skirt; and black low-heeled Bernardo brand shoes, all from thrift stores. (Photo: Suchat Pederson, The News Journal)Buy Photo
WHO: Julia Lowndes, 19, of Lewes, English major at University of Delaware.
WHY: She was nominated by News Journal photographer Suchat Pederson, who says, “Julia has a unique look that makes her stand out. She is a very cool young woman with a style that is all her own, vintage yet modern.”
HER STYLE: Eclectic and comfortable. “I get a lot of my clothes from thrift stores and second-hand stores. I like to mix feminine clothes with rugged things.”
WEARING, at Gibraltar Gardens in Wilmington:
FIRST OUTFIT — Peach silk vintage Dwalyne overshirt, passed down from her mom; BDG jeans from Marshall's; thrifted white cotton tank top; Vans Sk8-Hi orange-ginger high tops; gold hoop necklace with a crystal in the center she received as a gift; and gold dangle earrings with bird detail at the top, purchased for $3 from New Life Thrift Shop.
SECOND OUTFIT — Green vintage Inner Most brand slip, found for $3 at New Life; J.Crew black and white skirt purchased at American Veteran's Thrift Store for $2; black low-heeled Bernardo brand shoes from New Life; choker-style necklace of rectangular pearls and golden bangle bracelet with equine details, both passed down through the family.
THIRD OUTFIT — Yellow, high-waist Levi Strauss & Co pants, found at Goodwill Newark for $3; Brandy Melville white cotton off-the-shoulder top; Nine West thrifted white flats with gold details; dark wash denim Tantrums jacket with sequin details and embroidery, purchased for $8 at New Life; gold-tone hoop earrings from Forever 21; and gold ring with black bands, passed down from her grandmother.
WHERE SHE SHOPS: New Life Thrift in Lewes, God's Way Thrift in Rehoboth Beach, and Goodwill in Newark.
HOW SHE SHOPS: She is a social shopper. “I love to go thrifting with friends. When you find something exciting your friends get excited, too.”
Buy Photo Julia Lowndes wears yellow, high-waist Levi Strauss & Co pants; Brandy Melville white top; Nine West white flats; and dark wash denim Tantrums jacket, (Photo: Suchat Pederson, The News Journal)
FASHION ICONS: Actress and singer Zendaya, model Bella Hadid and actress Emma Watson.
MOST RECENT PURCHASE: High-waist yellow pants from Goodwill in Newark.
OLDEST ITEM IN HER CLOSET: “I have a lace top that used to be my grandmother's. It buttons up the back with little pearl buttons, which keep falling off.”
MANE, MANICURE AND MAKEUP: “I rely on my mom to cut my hair. I put on a shirt with horizontal stripes and she cuts along the stripes.” She paints her own nails. “I try to be comfortable not wearing makeup but find I feel better when I make an effort. I wear concealer, eyebrow gel and mascara. I like products that are cruelty-free and produced responsibly.”
BEST FOOT FORWARD: “My favorites are orange high-top Van's. I also have shoes that look like Irish dance shoes that I found at a thrift store.”
FAVORITE COLOR: “Any shade of yellow, from mustard to pale yellow. It's very happy.”
FAVORITE FRAGRANCE: Orchid Vanille by Anatomy of a Fragrance from Anthropologie. “I want to be a person with a signature scent. I looked for the right fragrance for a long time.”
Buy Photo Julia Lowndes wears a vintage peach silk Dwalyne overshirt; BDG jeans from Marshall's; thrifted white cotton tank top; and Vans Sk8-Hi orange-ginger high tops. (Photo: Suchat Pederson, The News Journal)
WORTH THE SPLURGE: Shoes. “It's good to have a really good pair of casual shoes and a really good pair of dress shoes.”
NOT WORTH THE SPLURGE: Brand name clothes and accessories.
FAVORITE FASHION RESOURCE: “My friends. I like to see what they post on Instagram, plus see what they wear when I hang out with them.”
WISH I HADN'T BOUGHT IT: “I don't have much buyer's regret because I rarely spend over $10.”
THOUGHTS ON AGING: “I heard a quote at a video exhibit: ‘How to be invisible. Be a woman over 50.' It's very sad if women are only valued when they are young and stereotypically beautiful. It's important to be strong and beautiful when you are older.”
THE GREAT PANTYHOSE DEBATE: “If you feel more comfortable with then on, go for it. I never really wear them. That may be a generational thing.”
ORGANIZATION TIPS: “If I notice my closet getting messy, I go through and take things out. If something doesn't spark joy I get rid of it.”
FASHION NO-NO: “People who go for what is expected of them instead of finding their own style.”
GO-TO OUTFIT ON SATURDAY NIGHT: “I have a pair of black leggings with a shine to them that are my go-to. They look cool but feel like sweatpants. A one-piece top, very simple, with a pair of very tough boots, big hoop earrings and pendant that reaches down to my belly button.”
FASHION EVOLUTION: “When I was in junior high, I did what was expected. As I've evolved, I don't care what other people think. My mom helped by encouraging me to buy eclectic things.”
INDISPENSABLE WARDROBE ITEM: “A pair of jeans that are really comfy and make you feel great.”
ACE ACCESSORY: A thick gold band with black stripes, handed down from her grandmother. “It's big, kind of rough, not very feminine but very interesting.”
PANTS OR SKIRTS? Skirts.
HEELS OR FLATS? Flats.
DIAMONDS OR PEARLS? Pearls.
WHY FASHION IS IMPORTANT: “For me, fashion symbolizes self acceptance, about being OK with what you have. Putting an effort into the way I look is a form of self care.”
More
Summer farmers markets start to open
Stylist favors funky end of chic
Style Files runs weekly in Sundaylife. To suggest someone stylish to feature—your coworker, teacher, friend, relative or even yourself—please send information to stylefiles@delawareonline.com and include contact information. Pictures are super, too. Reach Eileen Smith Dallabrida at esmith@smithreports.com
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/life/2018/05/30/ud-english-major-likes-mix-feminine-rugged-style/651274002/
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–LSU-Tulane Box
LSU 73, TULANE 50
LSU (5-3)
Mitchell 5-9 0-2 10, Jackson 8-14 2-2 20, Louis 5-13 1-1 11, Norton 3-4 1-1 7, Richard-Harris 3-3 0-0 8, Farley 1-4 1-2 3, Neubert 0-0 0-0 0, Aifuwa 2-5 1-2 5, Bidikuindila 2-2 0-0 4, Cherry 1-2 0-0 2, Pointer 1-6 1-2 3, Totals 31-62 7-12 73.
TULANE (5-5)
Wyatt 6-10 0-2 12, Manuirirangi 2-6 0-0 6, Morgan 3-11 3-4 11, Schulte 3-7 2-3 8, Thompson 0-4 0-0 0, Freeman 1-4 1-2 3, Wells 1-2 0-0 2, Madzarevic 1-1 0-0 2, Anderson 2-4 0-0 4, Cheatham 0-0 0-0 0, Cruickshank 1-2 0-0 2, Lofton 0-3 0-0 0, Totals 20-54 6-11 50.
LSU 12 17 25 19 —73 Tulane 6 15 15 14 —50
3-Point Goals_LSU 4-13 (Jackson 2-6, Louis 0-1, Norton 0-1, Richard-Harris 2-2, Farley 0-1, Cherry 0-1, Pointer 0-1), Tulane 4-17 (Manuirirangi 2-5, Morgan 2-7, Anderson 0-2, Cruickshank 0-1, Lofton 0-2). Assists_LSU 16 (Pointer 5), Tulane 15 (Manuirirangi 4). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_LSU 34 (Aifuwa 7), Tulane 22 (Wyatt 5). Total Fouls_LSU 17, Tulane 19. A_0.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
© AFP 2016/ FABRICE COFFRINI Standing Ovations: All-Female Orchestra from Afghanistan Conquers the Old World
The US airstrikes came amid a widening battle between US-backed Afghan soldiers and the Taliban in Helmand province, the area that suffered the most civilian casualties in the country in 2016.
In an interview with Radio Sputnik Ben Norton, a journalist for AlterNet's GrayZone Project, pointed out that the tragic events are by no means a single example of disregard for Afghan civilian lives by the US. Norton recalled the tragic events in October 2015 when US-led NATO forces bombed a hospital operated by Doctors Without Borders, killing dozens of medical staff members and patients.
The analyst stressed that since 2012, the US mission in Afghanistan has documented a gradual increase in civilian casualties.
"Of course, since 2001 when the war began there have been frequent civilian casualties. The point is, in the past four or five years they have actually increased each year" He said during the broadcast. "In 2016, 6000 civilians were injured and more than 2500 were killed."
The war in Afghanistan surpassed the Vietnam war and became the longest official war in the US history. According to Norton, the worst part about it is that it has not actually liberated the country from the Taliban but rather let the movement's influence grow.
"The irony is, the Taliban were incredibly unpopular in 2001 when the US war began, and since then, in some places their popularity has actually increased, and this is what war does." He said.
Despite multiple pledges by the former US president Barack Obama that he would end the war by 2014, he ended up expanding it, with thousands being killed on annual basis, and "there does not appear to be ended in sight", according to Norton.
"Last October we entered the 16th year and there's almost no discussion of it." Norton said. "It was not mentioned at all in the US presidential campaign. Some military officials are calling for more ground troops, and whether or not Trump will do that is not clear as he's made no discussion of it whatsoever."
He added that if the US military would follow through with the suggestion and send additional troops to Afghanistan, it would only "make things worse".
"If we've learned any lessons from Iraq and Syria and Libya, it can always get worse, and sending more troops is a very bad idea"
Miami: Senior officials from the United States and Mexico are hosting their Central American neighbors on Thursday to plan ways to build a legal and economic wall against the drug trade.
Their two-day Conference on Prosperity and Security in Central America will look at ways of rebuilding prosperous, stable economies in the region and fighting transnational organized crime.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will be at pains to assure the worst-hit countries of Central America that Washington will continue to support their best efforts to assert the rule of law.
But the Miami get-together comes just as President Donald Trump's administration is looking to dramatically cut development assistance -- so the meeting will also seek to interest new partners.
Along with co-host Mexico and the Northern Triangle -- Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador -- envoys from Belize, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, the European Union, Nicaragua, Panama and Spain will also take part.
Although senior US officials are diplomatic when asked which countries should be spending more to support anti-drug programs in the Triangle, they nod to Canada and Europe as places that could do more.
"Much of the product that is flowing through Central America today in trafficking routes makes a right turn and heads to Western Europe," says William Brownfield, assistant secretary of state.
It may be a question of tactics rather than resources.
In the 46 years since then-US president Richard Nixon first declared drugs "public enemy number one," the "War on Drugs" has produced more many more casualties than victors.
Still, Brownfield -- who heads the State Department's law enforcement and counter-narcotics efforts -- thinks progress has been made in the often-lawless Northern Triangle since 2009.
Working with Colombian trainers bloodied in their own long war against cartels and militias, the United States has spent USD 1.5 billion building police and judicial capacity in a region destabilised by traffickers.
That has started to get results -- homicide, violence and drug flights are down over the past two years -- but has also been controversial and often criticized by local activists.
Just last month, an official report found that American anti-drug agents had been implicated in the deaths of Honduran civilians during botched raids in 2012 more than they had admitted.
The new initiatives, coming along with Trump's aggressive rhetoric about building a "great wall" to stop criminals from bringing rape and drugs from Mexico, have led to fears of a new militarisation of the effort.
"This conference unfortunately signals a recommitment to some of the worst policies the US has implemented in Central America in the past several decades," researcher Alexander Main said.
epa05695249 South African members of the Cape Minstrel bands attend the annual 'Tweede Nuwe Yaar' (second new year) carnival through the streets of Cape Town, South Africa, 02 January 2017. This yearly parade dates back to the mid nineteenth century when the slaves in Cape Town were granted by their colonial masters one day off in the year. To celebrate, groups would dress up as minstrels, waving parasols, strumming banjos, making music, dancing and parading from the District Six area through to the city centre. Many of the songs still sung today date back to the 1800s. EPA/NIC BOTHMA
BJP veteran LK Advani on Tuesday extended greetings to all countrymen, including Prime Minister Narendra Modi, on the occasion of 70th Independence Day.
"My good wishes to all. On this day, I wish all of you attain the greatest success in life," he told reporters after hoisting the national flag at his official residence here.
Asked what expectations he has from Modi, Advani said his "best wishes were with all and all should attain success in their lives".
"This is what I can say. I need not say anything else. Let today be an auspicious day for all. God's blessings continue to be upon you all the time," he said.
J.K. Rowling couldn't stop laughing after spending a little time “pouring” over Donald Trump‘s recent tweet.
After the president turned to his favorite medium — Twitter — on Tuesday evening to boast about his writing ability, and to hit back at those who criticize his missives for their typos and creative capitalization, the celebrated Harry Potter author called out Trump for his glaring typo.
“After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pour over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis, not b/c they should be capitalized!” Trump initially tweeted.
TRUMP: I pride myself on my ability to write ALSO TRUMP: I don't know the difference between “pore over” and “pour over” pic.twitter.com/yha1N8uyVM — Aaron Rupar (@atrupar) July 3, 2018
Rowling quickly reacted on her Twitter account, filling posts with “ha's” and pointing out his incorrect use of “pour.”
'pour' hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha — J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) July 3, 2018
Although Trump deleted the tweet and reposted it with the correct use of “pore,” Rowling also couldn't resist poking fun at Trump's declaration that he prides himself on his “ability to write” and his boast that he's written “many best selling books.”
RELATED VIDEO: PEOPLE Writer Natasha Stoynoff Breaks Silence, Accuses Donald Trump of Sexual Attack
‘written' and his ghostwriter's talked to the press,” Rowling tweeted, and jokingly added in a separate tweet that he's the ‘Gratest Writer on earth.'
RELATED: J.K. Rowling Trolls Donald Trump By Comparing Royal Wedding Crowd to His Inauguration Attendance
'written' and his ghostwriter's talked to the press
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha — J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) July 3, 2018
*wipes eyes, tries to control breathing*
Seriously, @realDonaldTrump is the Gratest Writer on earth. — J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) July 3, 2018
Indeed, the ghostwriter of Trump's bestselling book The Art of the Deal, Tony Schwartz, told The New Yorker in 2016 that the president “has no attention span” and it was near-impossible to get him to sit for interviews for the book, which Schwartz has said he now regrets writing for him.
After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pore over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis, not b/c they should be capitalized! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 3, 2018
Meanwhile, Rowling wasn't the only one who needled the president for his incorrect use of “pour” in his initial tweet.
Merriam-Webster dictionary also zinged Trump for the error on its Twitter account — amusingly pointing out the different definitions, while also cunningly taking aim at the president's distinctive hairstyle.
'pore over' 🔍"to read or study very carefully" 'pour over' ☕️"to make expensive coffee" 'comb over' 💇‍♂️"to comb hair from the side of the head to cover the bald spot"https://t.co/br20fgpmAb — Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) July 3, 2018
‘Pore over “to read or study very carefully”
‘pour over' “to make expensive coffee”
‘comb over' “to comb hair from the side of the head to cover the bald spot”
© Cheng Sun
Oncologists want to use the system to study the optics of breast cancer cells, information that could lead to new treatments.
Neuroscientists are interested in using the Micro-ring resonator as a window into rodent brains as a way of studying drug protection for the cortex during different points of a stroke. "Typically, researchers use a pure piece of glass, but this allows for a lot more types of imaging," Zhang said.
Geologists aim to use the technology to investigate the earth crust and earthquake. "Hearing from a geologist—that was a surprise," he added.
A tiny, transparent device that can fit into a contact lens has a bright future, potentially helping a range of scientific endeavors from biomedicine to geology.The Micro-ring device builds upon Professor Hao F. Zhang's groundbreaking work in 2006 to develop photoacoustic imaging , which combines sound and light waves to create images of biological materials. The imaging technique is being widely explored for both fundamental biological investigations and clinical diagnosis, from nanoscopic cellular imaging to human breast cancer screening.For three years, Zhang, associate professor of biomedical engineering , worked with Cheng Sun, associate professor of mechanical engineering, and their post-doctoral fellows Biqin Dong and Hao Li to create the Micro-ring resonator detector."We believe that with this technology, optical ultrasound detection methods will play an increasingly important role in photoacoustic imaging for the retina and many biomedical applications," Zhang said.The team's work on the device resulted in a review article, published in the January 2017 edition of the journal Transactions on Biomedical Engineering.In 2006, Zhang was exploring new retinal imaging technologies when Dr. Amani Fawzi, now an associate professor of ophthalmology at Northwestern's Feinberg School of Medicine, approached him to create a new diagnostic device that could measure biological activities at the back of the eye."We needed a device that had large enough bandwidth for spatial resolution," Zhang said. "And it needed to be optically transparent to allow light to go through freely.""Ultrasound detection devices of that time were usually bulky, opaque, and not sensitive enough. And they had limited bandwidth," Sun said. "It could only capture part of it what was happening in the eye."To meet Fawzi's challenge, the team needed to develop a radically different type of detector—small enough to be used with human eyes, soft enough to be integrated into a contact lens and yet generate a super-high resolution of hundreds of megahertz."The trouble was to fabricate it, have it fit in the size of a contact lens, and make it still work," Sun said.First, the team considered a device that placed the needle-sized detector on the eyelid, but that method was not ideal. Next, they landed on the idea of a tiny ring implanted in a single-use contact lens worn during diagnosis.However, that idea added an extra challenge—making the device transparent.The team continues to improve the device with support from Northwestern, the National Institutes of Health, Argonne National Laboratory, and the National Science Foundation.As word spreads about the device, about a dozen scientists from a variety of fields have approached the team about adapting it for their own work. For instance:
New Delhi: The admission process for nursery at private unaided and recognised schools in the National Capital will begin from Monday.
Twenty-five percent of seats in pre-school, pre-primary and Class I will be reserved for the Economically Weaker Sections, Disadvantaged Groups (EWS/DG).
Parents of prospective students now have time till January 23 to apply to over 1,400 schools across the city.
A notification is still awaited on 285 schools built on DDA land which are required to fill 75 percent of seats with students who live in nearby localities.
To ensure that the process is as transparent as possible, the Directorate of Education (DoE) has instructed schools to upload their admission criteria on the DoE portal.
Also, the schools have been asked to stay clear of the 51 criteria that the government did away with last year, and which the Delhi High Court upheld later.
As per these, there will be no oral test, interview or points awarded on the basis of the education and achievements of parents.
The schools have also been instructed that their criteria should be well-defined, equitable, non-discriminatory and transparent.
The DoE guidelines also state that draw-of-lots, whenever required, will be conducted in the presence of parents, who will be informed in advance.
With ANI inputs
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday urged the nation, especially the youth, to adopt the digital platform for their money transactions.
"World`s largest population of youth is in India... This is the age of Information Technology. So we should move ahead in the direction of digital transactions," Modi said addressing the nation on the occasion of the 70th Independence Day.
1:08
Another state softball title and 30 wins makes Keller ace Star-Telegram player of the year
Just a couple of weeks ago, Irving and federal government officials were raising concerns about layoffs at Irving because of a gap in the construction of ships. That gap was between the end of the Arctic Offshore Patrol Ship program and the start of the construction of the Canadian Surface Combatant.
Irving and the federal government are trying to figure out how to deal with that. Selling AOPS overseas (a long shot) and giving Irving more federal government shipbuilding work are the two main ways that officials see as heading off potential job cuts.
But those aligned with the proposal from Fincantieri and Naval Group to build the FREMM frigates at Irving as the Canadian Surface Combatant point out that their proposal negates the need to lay off anyone. They point out that construction of the 15 warships could begin immediately after the last AOPS is finished because their ship project/design is ready to go (the frigates are in NATO service now). An added benefit comes to the Royal Canadian Navy which gets its first ship faster, consortium officials say.
The Liberal government, however, has rejected the proposal, pointing out that it was submitted outside the established bidding process and that would be unfair to those who bid.
Welsh wizard Gareth Bale has agreed to leave European champions Real Madrid in the summer, according to today's football transfer grapevine.
The rumour mill also suggests that manager Arsene Wenger has finally accepted that Olivier Giroud has a future at Arsenal and is prepared to start him in more matches, but he could soon be losing Hector Bellerin to Juventus.
Sgt Stephanie Sheehan (center) and LCpl Coby Grimes (right), Marines assigned to the Communications Section of 2D Civil Affairs Group's Headquarters element, maintain communications with units in the field from the unit's temporary Command Operations Center (COC) at Camp Upshur on Marine Corps Base Quantico on February 11, 2017. The Marines managed radio frequencies and communication equipment assigned to each of 2D Civil Affairs Group (2D CAG)'s units, spread across several different training areas on Marine Corps Base Quantico during a three-day training exercise conducted from February 10 – 12.
During that three-day field exercise, 2D CAG's four detachments completed training in convoy operations, key leader engagements, clinic assessment and medical capability, interpreter interaction and usage, night operations, patrolling, and cultural familiarization.
2D CAG is a subordinate unit of Force Headquarters Group (FHG). 2D CAG, along with its sister units of 1st, 3D, and 4th CAG, provides an enabling function to combatant commanders by planning and conducting civil-military operations in support of the commander's objectives. 2D CAG supports II Marine Expeditionary Force (II MEF) and II Marine Expeditionary Brigade (II MEB), as well as those commands' subordinate units.
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.11.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 06:20 Photo ID: 3166725 VIRIN: 160401-A-AB123-0097 Resolution: 640x480 Size: 98.29 KB Location: MARINE CORPS BASE QUANTICO, VA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 2D Civil Affairs Group Conducts Multi-Faceted Training Exercise [Image 1 of 14], by CPT Thomas Garnett, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Welcome to the Live Coverage of India's debut match in a FIFA World Cup. It is India against the USA in their opener at the U-17 World Cup, at Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, New Delhi. Here you can catch the Live commentary and updates
Others on the list to be felicitated are – Baichung Bhutia, Sunil Chhetri, 'Black Buck' IM Vijayan, Former Indian Captain Syed Nayeemuddin and Oinam Bembem Devi
READ: 27000 free tickets for schools kids but not enough water
UPDATES: Meanwhile, riding on Ibrahim's first-half goal, Ghana pulled off a stunner at JLN Stadium in their first match against Colombia. And with that came three points for the African nation. On the other hand, in Navi Mumbai, Kiwi skipper Max Mata pulled off a last-minute eqauliser as New Zealand-Turkey encounter ended in a 1-1 draw
New Delhi: And the time has come. 2017 FIFA under-17 World Cup is just moments away from a grand kick-off as hosts India are all geared up to make their first major appearance in a FIFA tournament. Well, they are up against the formidable United States of America in the opener at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, New Delhi, today.
The Indian Colts bagged their participation ticket on grounds of being the hosts. The India Football Federation (AIFF) did send players for matches in Europe and then Mexico to gear the U-17 team for their first major tournament. (IND vs USA: Match Preview)
The USA team, battled their way up to the finals of the CONCACAF U-17 Championship, earlier in April but eventually finished runners-up behind Mexico. So, that is how they ensured their qualification. Maybe not trophy favourites, but surely a better side when they step in for the opener at JLN Stadium. ( Where to watch it online?)
New Delhi: To prevent misuse of proposed electoral bonds, the government is likely to cap the validity at 15 days within which such bonds -- bearer in nature -- have to be redeemed by political parties.
According to official sources, the guidelines for electoral bonds, announced in Budget 2017-18, are almost ready and some fine-tuning is being done by the finance ministry.
Such bonds would be bearer in nature so that those having it can encash through only one notified account within stipulated time, the sources said.
"Each party will have one notified bank account. All bonds are to be deposited in that particular account. It is a paper currency and needs to be encashed in 15 days, otherwise it loses validity," a senior government official said.
The short duration of bonds will ensure these cannot be misused and the objective of reducing the incidence of black money in political funding is achieved, the official added.
The norms regarding electoral bonds could be out soon and some other features of such instruments would be issued by select designated public sector banks.
As per the electoral bond mechanism, the proposed bonds will resemble a promissory note and not an interest-paying debt instrument.
The Electoral Bond scheme will ensure complete anonymity of the donor, sources said, adding that these could be issued in denominations of Rs 1,000 and Rs 5,000.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had proposed issuance of electoral bonds in Budget 2017-18.
"An effort, therefore, requires to be made to cleanse the system of political funding in India. Donors have also expressed reluctance in donating by cheque or other transparent methods as it would disclose their identity and entail adverse consequences," he had said in the Budget speech.
The finance minister had indicated that the government would soon frame rules on electoral bonds after having consultations with all political parties.
LYLE Shelton has stepped down as managing director of the Australian Christian Lobby to pursue a career in federal politics.
Mr Shelton, a key figure in the fight against same-sex marriage, will move from Canberra to his home state of Queensland to prepare for the next federal election.
“Last year during the marriage campaign I felt very much drawn to the political side of things, to the partisan side of politics,” he said.
“I'm not leaving the battle for the values that you and I hold dear — just simply going to a different part of the battlefield.”
Camera Icon Lyle Shelton, a spokesman for the Coalition for Marriage, speaks at a press conference in Sydney on November 15, 2017. Picture: AFP
Mr Shelton said he would announce more specifics about his tilt at parliament in coming days.
Sky News reports he will join Cory Bernardi's Australian Conservatives party.
His former chief of staff Martyn Iles will take over as managing director of the ACL.
“There's never been more pressure on people of faith and on the church simply for living out our timeless convictions,” Mr Iles said.
Camera Icon Australian Christian Lobby Managing Director Lyle Shelton and Senator Cory Bernardi holding a press conference at Parliament House in Canberra. Picture: News Corp Australia, Kym Smith
“Therefore there's never been a more crucial time in history in Australia for the church and for Christian people to continue to engage with law and with politics and with culture.”
Mr Shelton, a key figure in the fight against same-sex marriage, will move from Canberra to his home state of Queensland to prepare for the next federal election.
“I'm not leaving the battle for the values that you and I hold dear — just simply going to a different part of the battlefield,” he said.
Mr Shelton left followers a video of him with his successor talking about his new career move.
Mr Shelton has been with the ACL for 10 years, and five years as its Managing Director.
During the same-sex marriage campaign he faced a barrage of criticism for comments he made while he led the Coalition for Marriage's campaign to get Australians and Federal Parliament to vote against making gay marriage legal.
One of his controversial statements included the moment he told BuzzFeed parents should have the option to send their children to gay conversion therapy .
“I think anyone who wants to seek help for any issue they might be facing in their life should be free to do that,” Mr Shelton told the publication.
“Should people be forced to go to conversion therapy? No, absolutely not.
“Now, children — they are under the care and responsibility of their parents, so I think if someone's a minor, it is up to their parents.
Camera Icon Lyle Shelton doorknocked to encourage people to vote No in the SSM survey. Picture: News Corp Australia, Peter Ristevski
“And I think parental rights should be respected.”
Two female proesters also upstaged Mr Shelton at a Coalition for Marriage “vote no” rally last September, where they kissed on stage while he was speaking at the time .
The women were seen kissing on stage for more than 20 seconds before being pulled offstage by a man as they kept kissing while security guards intervened.
Mr Shelton also came under fire after the ACL were heavily criticised for likening same-sex marriage and the Safe Schools program to Nazi atrocities.
He denied saying that “same-sex marriage or the Safe Schools program was like the Holocaust”.
Mr Shelton told The Project last year he did not think his comments were offensive to anyone.
“Well ... I ... Can't understand why people would be offended, Carrie,” he said.
“I wasn't in any way saying that same-sex marriage or anything ... Safe Schools was like the Holocaust. What I'm saying is at the moment we've got some bad ideas being put forward in public policy, telling young people, children as young as four in our schools, that no one can tell you what gender you are, through this Gender Fairy public relations from the Safe Schools coalition.
“That is what happened in the 1930s in Germany. The parallel is between speaking up or not speaking up when bad ideas are put forward in public policy. It is no offence to anyone at all.”
In a blog post, ACL director Lyle Shelton compared what he called the “unthinkable” things happening in Australia to what happened during the Nazi regime in Germany.
Camera Icon Lyle Shelton is following a new path in federal politics. Picture: News Corp Australia, Peter Ristevski
“That Labor leader Bill Shorten can promise during an election to fund the so-called ‘Safe Schools' program which teaches children as young as four that ‘only you can know if you are a boy or a girl — no one can tell you' and there be so little push back is a failure of those of us who know better,” Shelton wrote.
“Changing the definition of marriage to entrench motherless and fatherlessness in public policy and teaching our kids their gender is fluid should be opposed.
“The cowardice and weakness of Australia's ‘gatekeepers' is causing unthinkable things to happen, just as unthinkable things happened in Germany in the 1930s.”
Cell phone radiation and a potential link to cancer risks have left consumers and scientists alike scratching their heads since mobile phones became widely used in the 1990s.
Some studies have failed to show a link between radiofrequency from cell phones and certain health problems, such as increased risks of tumors, while others suggest the opposite.
Now, two much-anticipated reports released Friday by the US Department of Health and Human Services' National Toxicology Program add to the cell phone conundrum.
The comprehensive research reports detail findings from two large animal studies -- one in rats and one in mice -- that link high levels of cell phone radiation to some evidence of carcinogenic activity in male rats, including a rare type of tumor called a schwannoma in their hearts. There were no such significant findings in the female rats.
Similarly, no significant findings emerged in the mouse study, according to the reports.
The studies were a part of the National Toxicology Program's 10-year, $25 million assessment of radiation exposure and potential health effects.
"One of the things that we found most interesting about our findings was that the malignant schwannomas -- even though they occurred in the heart and not in the head of these animals -- were in fact schwannomas," said John Bucher, a senior scientist at the National Toxicology Program and one of the authors of the reports.
"These experimental animal studies are but one approach to understanding whether exposures to radio frequency radiation pose a risk to human health," he said, adding that studies are continuing at the National Toxicology Program to examine changes on the molecular level in tissue samples from the rodents.
He added, "I have not changed the way I use a cell phone."
Although tumors and biological changes were found among rodents in labs, it remains unclear whether similar findings would emerge in humans, and more research is needed, Bucher said.
The US Food and Drug Administration notes that cell phones emit low levels of radiofrequency energy that are non-ionizing and thus not considered strong enough to permanently damage biological tissue including DNA.
Cell phone safety confusion and controversy
The National Toxicology Program studies involved about 3,000 rodents in all, Bucher said.
The animals were exposed to radiofrequency radiation levels equal to and higher than the highest level currently allowed for mobile phone emissions. The researchers tracked the health of the animals from in utero to two years after their birth.
A 2-year-old rat would be somewhat comparable to a 70-year-old human, Bucher said.
The researchers divided the rodents into two groups based on radiofrequency radiation levels, low or high, and exposed their entire bodies to radiofrequency radiation for 10-minute increments totaling to about nine hours a day over the two-year period.
"It's important to consider the magnitude of the exposures to the animals in these studies in relation to what one might typically receive from using a cell phone," Bucher said. "The lowest energy level of the radio frequency radiation we studied was similar to the highest level currently permitted for cell phone emissions."
Among the male rats, the researchers found tumors in about 6% of those in the highest radiation exposure group, Bucher said. That percentage "exceeded the mean historical incidence (0.8%), and exceed the highest rate observed in a single historical control group (2%) of completed peer reviewed studies," the researchers wrote.
The researchers also found that the male rats in the high-exposure group appeared to live longer than the other rats, but more research is needed to determine why and how that may be relevant to the study results.
Overall, the findings "don't go much further than what we have reported earlier," he said.
In 2016, the National Toxicology Program released preliminary data indicating that high levels of cell phone radiation increased brain tumor growth in male rats.
Yet "after reviewing all of the data from these studies, the evidence for increased malignant schwannomas in the hearts of male rats is the strongest cancer finding in our study," Bucher said.
"In our complete evaluation, we again had a lower level of certainty that small increases in the numbers of male rats with tumors in the brains were associated with exposures to cell phone radiofrequency radiation," he said. "These findings are termed 'equivocal evidence of carcinogenic activity,' meaning it was unclear if the tumors were related to the exposures."
In 1999, the FDA nominated cell phone radiofrequency emissions for toxicology and carcinogenity testing.
"It's important to understand that -- as is commonly done in these types of risk assessment studies -- the study was designed to test levels of radiofrequency energy exposures considerably above the current safety limits for cell phones to help contribute to what we already understand about the effects of radiofrequency energy on animal tissue," Dr. Jeffrey Shuren, director of the FDA's Center for Devices and Radiological Health, said in a statement after the release of the reports.
"The current safety limits are set to include a 50-fold safety margin from observed effects of radiofrequency energy exposure. From the FDA's understanding of the NTP results, male rats that showed carcinogenic activity were exposed to a radiofrequency energy exposure rate that is much higher than the current safety standard," he said.
"Looking at the results in animals, the conclusions still require careful discussion, as our preliminary understanding of the NTP results is that the study found mostly equivocal, or ambiguous, evidence that whole body radiofrequency energy exposures given to rats or mice in the study actually caused cancer in these animals."
In March, the National Toxicology Program will hold an external expert review of the complete findings from the rodent studies and is accepting public comments.
'It's incumbent on all consumers to pay attention'
Jerry Phillips, a biochemist and director of the Excel Science Center at the University of Colorado Colorado Springs, devoted about a decade to examining cell phone radiation during his career and conducted some of the earliest studies on the potential health impacts of cell phones, he said.
Regarding the new National Toxicology Program reports, "this keeps adding to the body of evidence that says you really have to be a little careful when we start talking about human safety and exposure to radiofrequency fields," said Phillips, who was not involved in the reports.
The early research Phillips conducted, as a scientist previously with the US Department of Veterans Affairs' Pettis VA Medical Center in California, was funded by the telecommunications company Motorola, he said.
"They funded us to do some whole animal studies, similar to what NTP did but with a different premise, and they also funded us to do some other studies with cells, just isolated cells, and that included a study to look at DNA damage in response to exposure to two of their cell telephone signals," Phillips said. "The study was based on the presumption that this type of radiation, this low-energy non-ionizing radiation, was not itself going to be carcinogenic."
Those study results suggested that cell phone radiation possibly could be a co-carcinogen, "that is if you have another cancer-producing agent, the radiation would help promote the formation of tumors," he said.
The new National Toxicology Program study suggests otherwise, that it could be carcinogenic, he said.
As scientists continue to seek answers to the many questions that remain concerning cell phone radiation safety, Phillips said, he thinks all consumers should monitor the research findings to come.
"I think it's incumbent on all consumers to pay attention to any potential adverse effects of any of the products that we rely on until more research is done," he said.
In 2010, CTIA, a trade association representing the US wireless communications industry, released a statement about the Interphone project, an international set of studies on cell phone radiation coordinated by the International Agency for Research on Cancer.
"CTIA and the wireless industry support continuing efforts of public health specialists and expert scientists in this area," the statement said.
"All cell phones sold in the U.S. must comply with the FCC's radiofrequency exposure standards, which are designed to include a substantial margin of safety for consumers. Numerous experts and government health and safety organizations around the world have reviewed the existing database of studies and ongoing research and concluded that RF products meeting established safety guidelines pose no known health risk."
CNN has contacted the association for a response to the latest study but has not heard back at time of publication.
Suggestions on regulations should be eliminated or modified are being solicited by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), according to a notice published April 13 in the Federal Register.
Businesses, non-profit groups and others are urged to submit comments on what rules disproportionately impose costs, hurt job creation, are outdated or otherwise are inconsistent with this administration's recent actions. It is part of Trump's regulatory reform executive order directing agencies to reduce “unnecessary” federal rules through their newly created task forces.
“Through this notice, EPA is soliciting such input from the public to inform its Task Force's evaluation of existing regulations,” the notice said. “Although the agency will not respond to individual comments, the EPA values public feedback and will give careful consideration to all input that it receives. EPA will also be conducting outreach on this same topic.” Comments are due to the agency by May 15, 2017.
Following the Government's publication of its industrial strategy, Norman Lamb, who chairs the House of Commons Science and Technology Committee, has let his feelings be known.
In a balanced and thoughtful piece, Norman places the proposals within the context of risks due to Brexit, and a potential funding gap whilst the economy recovers. He also notes that the investment has to be spread around the co7ntry more evenly;
We also need to make sure that this investment is dispersed around the country, promoting excellence in research in lower-income regions. Research in science and innovation has been over-centralised in the ‘Golden Triangle' of Oxford, Cambridge and London, entrenching regional disparities in the wider economy.
He is supportive of the ambition outlined in the Industrial Strategy, but does not fail to spot where that ambition is not underpinned by substance;
The white paper promises extra spending on maths, digital and technical education, as well as a national scheme to support people to re-skill. Beyond this vague commitment, however, it fails to provide sufficient detail about how the Government will achieve a significant increase the uptake of STEM subjects in schools, technical colleges and universities. As with much of the rest of the strategy, the ambition is sadly not matched by the substance needed to prepare Britain for the industries of the future.
In truth, research and development costs, and it is best achieved in an environment where the best minds can freely exchange ideas and work together.
* Newshound: bringing you the best Lib Dem commentary published in print or online.
Three men, including a U.S. citizen living in Pakistan, planned terror attacks in New York City in the name of ISIS that involved setting off bombs in Times Square and the subway system, according to charges unsealed Friday in Manhattan federal court.
The suspects, identified in criminal complaints as Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy, 19, Talha Haroon, 19, and Russell Salic, 37, were nabbed in a federal undercover operation. All three men were already in some form of government custody either in the U.S. or abroad, officials disclosed.
El Bahnasawy, a Canadian citizen, pleaded guilty in October 2016 to terrorism charges stemming from the investigation and is awaiting sentencing. Haroon is a U.S. citizen who had been living in Pakistan who was arrested there in September 2016. Salic, a Philippine citizen, was arrested there in April of this year, federal officials said.
Haroon and Salic are undergoing extradition proceedings, acting Manhattan U.S. Attorney Joon H. Kim said in a statement.
According to criminal complaints and court papers unsealed Friday, the trio purchased bomb-making materials, moved money, secured a safe house outside New York to make explosives and traveled outside the U.S. to further the plot.
Federal investigators said the planned attacks included setting off bombs in Times Square and the subway system, as well as shooting civilians at concerts.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Key to uncovering the plot was an undercover FBI agent who convinced the suspects that he was an ISIS supporter ready to help in the attacks, officials said. Also involved in the case were investigators with the NYPD, FBI and Royal Canadian Mounted Police.
At one point in May 2016, court papers stated, El Bahnasawy sent the undercover agent a picture of Times Square with the message “we seriously need a car bomb at times square.” He also said that same day that he wanted to “shoot up concerts cuz they kill a lot of people . . . we just walk in with guns in our hands. That's how the Paris guys did it.”
Haroon allegedly expressed plans for carnage in the subway system and, according to court papers, said they should shoot as many passengers as possible including “women or kids,” and then set off explosive vests when they ran out of bullets.
The attacks were to be carried out during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan in summer 2016, authorities said.
All three suspects are facing a variety of charges carrying life terms in prison, including conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction, conspiracy to bomb places of public use and public transportation, and conspiracy to commit acts of terrorism transcending national boundaries.
Deutsche Bank outlines organisation of revamped investment bank
FRANKFURT, June 15 Deutsche Bank has outlined clearly differentiated roles for the co-heads of its revamped investment bank to make it more efficient and is also creating a new global markets division.
If you thought it was scary when Big Brother was watching, imagine how freaky it's going to be—or maybe already is—when Alexa, Watson and their futuristic wearable technology cousins who are still in development are able to analyze your mood or determine your overall health.
Related: 10 ways your home will change by 2020
One neuroscientist believes we're not far from the day when our devices—or those installed all around us—will start gathering unprecedented levels of information about us.
Our bodies, says Dolby Labs chief scientist Poppy Crum, give off various signals that can be scanned and analyzed by advanced computer systems. (Editor's note: I'm not freaked out. You're freaked out.)
In a similar way to wearable gadgets already available, future devices could be set up throughout public spaces to harvest this valuable bio-data, Crum said during a recent presentation.
Here's the kicker: because they're part of our surrounding environment, there will be no way for us to opt out or ditch the monitoring technology and new regulations will be needed.
Using thermal imaging cameras, “mind-reading” electroencephalogram (EEG) caps, heart rate monitors and skin response sensors, Crum can watch how volunteers' bodies and minds respond to what they watch on screen.
“We like to believe we have cognitive control over what someone else knows, sees, understands about our own internal states – our emotions, insecurities, bluffs or trials and tribulations,” said Crum in her recent Ted 2018 keynote in Vancouver.
“But wearable technology can already distinguish a real smile from a fake one. The dynamics of our thermal signature give away changes in how hard our brains are working, how engaged or excited we might be in the conversation we are having, and even whether we're reacting to an image of fire as if it were real.”
EEG wearable technology has been used, among other applications, to create a machine that can decipher words from brainwaves without them being spoken to a headband design that would let computer users open apps using the power of thought.
“Your devices will know more about you than you will,” said Crum. “I believe we need to think about how [this data] could be used.”
Mind-Reading Headset
If you've made it this far without an anxiety attack, maybe this will send you over the edge: a team at MIT has been working on a headset that can read your mind. AlterEgo is a head-mounted — or, more properly, jaw-mounted — device that's capable of reading neuromuscular signals through built-in electrodes.
“Our idea was: Could we have a computing platform that's more internal, that melds human and machine in some ways and that feels like an internal extension of our own cognition?”“The motivation for this was to build an IA device — an intelligence-augmentation device,” grad student Arnav Kapur said in a press release.
The MIT research team says it was able to achieve around 92 percent accuracy for commands from 10 people. The team also added bone conduction for audio playback to keep the system fully silent, an element that could potentially make it useful for special ops.
Music to Match Your Mood
But wait! There's more wearable technology!
There could soon be an app to identify a piece of music based on nothing more than your thought patterns.
In 2014, researcher Brian Pasley and University of California at Berkeley colleagues used a deep-learning algorithm and brain activity, measured with electrodes, to turn a person's thoughts into digitally synthesized speech.
This was achieved by analyzing a person's brain waves while they were speaking in order to decode the link between speech and brain activity.
The team has now improved on that earlier research and applied their findings to music. They were able to predict what sounds a pianist is thinking of based on brain activity 50 percent more accurately than in the original research.
The team recorded a pianist's brain activity when he played music on an electric keyboard. By doing this, they were able to match up both the brain patterns and the notes played.
They then performed the experiment again, but turning off the sound of the keyboard and asking the musician to imagine the notes as he played them. This training allowed them to create their music-predicting algorithm.
“The long-term goal of our research is to develop algorithms for a speech prosthetic device to restore communication in paralyzed individuals who are unable to speak,” Pasley said.
“We are quite far from realizing that goal, but this study represents an important step forward. It demonstrates that the neural signal during auditory imagery is sufficiently robust and precise for use in machine learning algorithms that can predict acoustic signals from measured brain activity.”
Early Cancer Detection
Before you head to your bedroom and hide under the covers forever, here's one more device that is a combination of intrusive and perhaps life-saving: scientists have developed an implant which detects cancer in the body and causes a small artificial mole to appear on the skin as an early warning sign.
The tiny patch lies under the skin and is made of a network of cells which constantly monitor calcium levels in the body. Cancer causes calcium to rocket in the body, and when too much is detected, the implant triggers the production of melanin – the body's tanning pigment – which causes a small dark mole to appear.
Martin Fussenegger, professor at the Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering at ETH Zurich, said the implant could be available within a decade. Swiss scientists from the university ETH Zurich say the device “can recognize the four most common types of cancer – prostate, lung, colon and breast cancer – at a very early stage of tumor development.”
“Nowadays, people generally go to the doctor only when the tumor begins to cause problems,” he said. “Unfortunately, by that point it is often too late. Early detection increases the chance of survival significantly.”
The “mole” appears long before the cancer becomes detectable through conventional diagnosis as an early warning system which tells people it is time to seek treatment.
“The idea that wearable technology could one day act as a warning sign for cancer is exciting, but it's early days for this research,” said Dr. Catherine Pickworth from Cancer Research UK.
“Spotting cancer early is one of the most powerful ways of improving survival, so finding the best way to monitor people at high risk, or those in remission, is an important challenge.”
OK, I can breathe again. Does anyone have a paper bag?
.
1. North Korea abandons its Nuclear Weapons program and agrees to international inspections.
2. In return, China agrees to provide military protection to ensure the continuation of the current North Korean government.
3. South Korea gives up its side of the Demilitarized Zone and declares it North Korean territory but permanently occupied by Chinese forces.
You don't need a DMZ buffer zone if China is the military player on the other side of the fence from South Korea. And with this deal structure, the leader of North Korea gets to say he expanded his empire and found a way to keep the country safe from invasion forever.
4. Trade deals and aid would become available to North Korea upon signing the deal.
5. The United States agrees to remove forces from South Korea, as they would be an unnecessary expense once China takes over the DMZ.
One of the most useful things I learned in business school was that you can usuallyThat's why a peace deal in Israel is impossible - because both sides want the same land. But that's a rare situation (fortunately).The more normal situation is the one we see with North Korea and the United States.And China has their own interests. That kind of situation almost always meansAt the moment,of what we need for a nuclear deal with North Korea.. But without the remaining 25% of what is needed for a deal, no breakthrough is possible. North Korea is unlikely to agree to anything that makes it seem as if it caved to pressure from the United States.So let me tell you how to do thatI'm about to suggest a somewhat impractical idea just to make the point about how deals get made. This is what I callI'm guessing there are plenty of reasons why giving South Korea's side of the DMZ to North Korea, on the condition that it is occupied only by Chinese defensive forces, is a bad idea. But I think you see the deal format.In my example,China has no reason to attack South Korea, now or ever.While South Korea would be giving up nothing of actual value,And that gives them a story to save face.In persuasion language, you need to give North KoreaThey probably alreadyfor why they would cave to pressure and settle for it. Giving them something that has little value but can be exaggerated to seem like it has great value becomes the "fake because."I'm not predicting we'll see a deal that involves the DMZ land ownership. But any workable deal with North Korea would have a "fake because" in the design. Until you see that, don't expect much progress.
Choe Kang Il, a senior North Korean diplomat handling North American affairs, walks at Beijing Capital International Airport in Beijing Sunday, March 18, 2018. South Koreaâ€™s Yonhap news agency is reporting that Choe is heading to Finland for â€œsemiofficialâ€� talks with the U.S. and South Korea. (Kyodo News via AP)
Choe Kang Il, a senior North Korean diplomat handling North American affairs, walks at Beijing Capital International Airport in Beijing Sunday, March 18, 2018. South Koreaâ€™s Yonhap news agency is reporting that Choe is heading to Finland for â€œsemiofficialâ€� talks with the U.S. and South Korea. (Kyodo News via AP)
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) - A senior North Korean diplomat who handles North American affairs was heading to Finland on Sunday for talks with the United States and South Korea.
Choe Kang Il's trip comes ahead of a possible meeting between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
South Korea's Yonhap news agency said Choe was seen at a Beijing airport on Sunday before boarding a flight to Finland. The report cited unnamed "diplomatic sources" in Seoul as saying Choe would take part in a meeting with former U.S. diplomats, including former U.S. Ambassador to South Korea Kathleen Stephens, and South Korean security experts.
South Korea's Foreign Ministry said the gathering would be similar to the so-called "Track 2" dialogue that has involved North Korean officials and former U.S. officials and experts. It gave no further details.
Choe was in the delegation North Korea sent to last month's Winter Olympics in South Korea.
On Saturday, Sweden's foreign minister concluded three days of talks in Stockholm with her North Korean counterpart, saying they discussed the "opportunities and challenges for continued diplomatic efforts to reach a peaceful solution" to the Koreas' security dispute.
Sweden has been rumored as a possible site for a U.S.-North Korea summit, though a truce village on the South Korean side of the Demilitarized Zone between the Koreas is seen as more likely.
Trump has agreed to meet Kim by May. So far, North Korea has yet to comment publicly on what it hopes to gain from the talks.
Senior South Korean officials who traveled to the North Korean capital of Pyongyang this month and met with Kim say he is willing to discuss the North's nuclear weapons program.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in is due to meet with Kim in April.
DHARAMSALA, India (AP) — Soldiers and volunteers resumed rescue operations Monday morning after pulling 46 bodies from the mud left by a landslide that trapped two buses and washed away houses in northern India's Himalayan foothills.
Landslides are common during the heavy rains of India's monsoon season, and the area around Urla village in Himachal Pradesh state has been deforested extensively, increasing its vulnerability to landslides.
Intermittent rain has been hampering the rescue work and army troops had to stop late Sunday with more rain threatening to cause another landslide, police superintendent Ashok Sharma said Monday.
Soldiers had managed to pull out 46 bodies from the buses that were covered with rocks and mud.
Two buses, two cars and a motorbike had been trapped on a highway by the landslide Sunday, said Mandi district official Sandeep Kadam.
With the road blocked in several places, soldiers used shovels and pickaxes to remove rocks, boulders and debris covering the buses and pull out the bodies. Earth-moving equipment was brought in later to speed up the clearing operations.
Sharma, who was overseeing the rescue operations, said the death toll could rise and he did not hold out much hope for survivors. “One of the buses is buried under nearly 15 meters (50 feet) of mud. It will take us many hours to extricate the bus.”
Prime Minister Narendra Modi tweeted his condolences: “Pained by the loss of lives due to landslide related accidents in (Himachal Pradesh's) Mandi district. My condolences with the families of the deceased.”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
1. Scotland, Britain
2. Flanders, Belgium
3. Basques, Spain
4. New Caledonia, France
5. Corsica, France
6. Faroe Islands, Denmark
7. Lombardy and Veneto, Italy
Catalonia continues to press on with its independence movement, much to the dismay of Spain and the European Union.Here seven regions in the European Union that may seek separation, and cause more fragmentation in an already weakened Europe.In 2014, Scotland had a historic referendum on leaving the United Kingdom resulting in a narrow 55 percent vote against leaving the UK.First Minister Nicola Sturgeon, head of the pro-independence Scottish National Party, is now calling for a second referendum once Britain's exit from the EU becomes clear.Scotland is home to 5.2 million people and has been semi-autonomous since 1998 with a devolved parliament that handles matters of education, health, environment and justice.Diplomacy and defense remain under the control of London.Sturgeon openly condemned the Spanish police violence during the Catalonia independence vote.Housing the center of EU oligarchy, Belgium is anything but a unified state.Created 1830 as an independent nation to act as a buffer between France and Germany, Belgium is a mix of a Flemish-speaking, conservative northerners and French, left-leaning southerners.The Flemish nationalist sentiment is more powerful than ever, and the separatist New Flemish Alliance (N-VA) is now one of the biggest party in Belgium, and a key partner in the coalition government.The N-VA is pushing for the creation of a Flemish republic, and during the 2018 elections, it may have its chance.Flanders' Minister-President Geert Bourgeois called on the Spanish government to start talks with "the legitimate leaders of a peaceful people".Separatist group ETA was founded in 1959 to promote the interests of the Basque region. later turning into a violent independence campaign blamed for 829 deaths.ETA carried out its last attack in 2010. It has since disarmed in April of this year.ETA members have now joined a Franco-Spanish Basque political party called Sortu that is working for "full freedom" for Basque's 2.2 million population.40,000 people demonstrated in Bilbao in support of Catalonia's referendum.The regional president, Inigo Urkullu, called for the recognition of the Catalan and Basque nations.With a population of approximately 280,000 people, this South Pacific archipelago is set to hold a referendum by November next year on independence from France.Under French rule since 1853, New Caledonia reached an agreement in 1998 with Paris for greater autonomy, although many activists say autonomy has not been fully granted.New Caledonia has on-fourth of the world's known resources of nickel, but as is the case with most colonial relationships, wealth is properly shared.Corsica is a Mediterranean island with a population of 330,000 people. It is part of France with its own language.The separatist National Liberation Front of Corsica (FLNC) ended its armed struggle in June 2014, and has now pushed for a political solution to its demands.Since 2015 nationalists have been leading the island's assembly, as Corsica currently has a special administrative status that affords it certain powers, and retains strong autonomy.The Corsica assembly highlighted "the indisputable legitimacy of the government of Catalonia".With a population of 48,000, Denmark's Faroe Islands will hold a referendum in April 2018 on a new constitution that would give the islands self-determination.Faroe Islands have been autonomous since 1948. Foreign affairs and defense are under the control of Copenhagen.These wealthy regions in northern Italy are set to hold non-binding consultative referendums on October 22, asking voters if they favor more autonomy from Italy's central government.Politicians in Lombardy and Veneto, which combined account for nearly a third of Italy's economy, demand a bigger share of tax income.
With ageing comes the trials and errors of applying creams and concoctions to the face to ease the appearance of frown lines or crow's feet.
[CAMDEN, 3/7/2018] – It can be frustrating and expensive, waking up every morning wondering if the new cream has worked or looking at photographs and noticing wrinkles. The adverts on the TV make people think that the newest moisturiser used by the trendiest celebrity has to work this time. Although wrinkles are part of nature's beauty, there are facial aesthetics treatments at Ace Dental that actually work.
Although the natural process of ageing cannot be reversed, facial aesthetics at Ace Dental involves treatments that ease the appearance of wrinkles. Facial aesthetics at Ace Dental doesn't always have to be achieved through surgical means. Facial aesthetics at Ace Dental serves to soften wrinkles, making the skin softer and giving it more of a youthful aura.
The benefits of facial aesthetics at Ace Dental
Facial aesthetics at Ace Dental like Botox are injectable, and the procedure only takes 5–10 minutes. It is therefore an efficient treatment to ease the lines of ageing, and the person receiving the treatment doesn't usually need any pain relief. Botox facial aesthetics at Ace Dental can usually take up to a week for results to be noticed. Having said that, a week seems like nothing when compared to the months of waiting for certain creams to work their magic.
Once injected, Botox works to relax the tiny facial muscles so that the nerve impulses are halted and the skin is left smoother. The effects of facial aesthetics at Ace Dental such as Botox lasts up to three months, but it can be repeated to maintain the same look.
Filling in the lines
Another treatment from facial aesthetics at Ace Dental is dermal fillers. This form of facial aesthetics at Ace Dental fills out the wrinkles and grooves to ease the gaunt appearance of a face.
To minimise the possibility of discomfort when receiving dermal fillers, a local anaesthetic is either injected beforehand or in the syringe with the filler itself. Unlike Botox, the effects of dermal fillers can be seen straight away, lasting between 6–12 months.
10:28 by David Barber Have your say: Globalisation, the sledgehammer battering Africa – Part One
Globalisation and its sidekick, free trade, are sold to us as the ways for African nations to escape their disastrous economic situation, and join the great nations of the world. So when Barclays Bank starts to question it, it becomes fascinating.
Once Upon a Time is back with a packed lineup of new cast members and a totally rebooted premise for Season 7.
There's a new curse in town, but this time Regina (Lana Parrilla), Rumple (Robert Carlyle), Hook (Colin O'Donoghue) and Henry (Andrew J. West) are the ones who can't remember who they are. The premiere was full of homages to earlier seasons (like Henry carrying Emma's swan pendant on his key chain -- OMG too cute!), but the one thing that was totally new? Rumple's cursed identity.
Instead of seeing the suave and calculating pawn shop owner Mr. Gold we're used to, we got what we can only assume is a corrupt cop, Detective Weaver, whose methods of interrogation break several Miranda rights -- and maybe the Geneva Convention? Wherever he draws his moral line, we can assume it's probably going to clash with that of his new partner Officer Rogers, a.k.a Hook.
Rumple and Hook have always had a tense relationship given their shared history with Rumple's wife, so to see them partner up -- under the influence of a curse, no less -- should either be super comedic or it will end in tragedy. It's a toss up really. Mostly, it's just sparking ideas for a buddy-cop spinoff.
How Will Once Upon a Time's Tiana Be Different From the Movie Version?
Most of the episode focused on setting up the love story between Henry and Cinderella (Dania Ramirez) both in the Enchanted Forest and in Hyperion Heights. There are still quite a few mysteries to solve in order to explain how this new curse came about, but can we just say... this curse is kind of low-rent when compared to Regina's in Season 1.
For one, Lady Tremaine's (Gabrielle Anwar) curse seems like a half-baked attempt to create a few flimsy aliases. Like come on, you didn't even build the cemetery where Henry's fake dead family is supposed to be buried? That's just lazy spell work. Rumplestiltskin would be so ashamed -- if he could remember who he was, that is. And what about Tremaine turning her favorite daughter Drizella (Adelaide Kane) into her assistant? That's just cold!
So far, this season is shaping up to be a fresh new take on a story we've loved for the past six years, while still remaining faithful to the heart of the show. Plus, the next few episodes promise to deliver closure on characters we've left behind like Emma (Jennifer Morrison), Belle (Emilie de Ravin), Zelena (Rebecca Mader) and more.
Once Upon a Time airs Fridays at 8/7c on ABC.
HARTFORD, Conn. (WTNH) – Connecticut's Department of Energy and Environmental Protection announced today it has awarded $400,000 in grants for seven projects to plan and design, build, expand, or enhance and improve multi-use trails and greenways across the state.
“Through our Recreational Trails program we are providing funds that will provide safe recreational opportunities for families and friends to travel throughout the state. Whether biking or walking any time of year or snowshoeing and cross-country skiing in the winter, Connecticut offers attractive year-round opportunities for people of all ages,” said DEEP Commissioner Robert Klee. “We applaud Governor Malloy and members of the General Assembly for making these funds available and allowing us to continue improving and connecting the many tremendous trail and greenway networks in our state.”
DEEP expanded the scope of its Recreational Trails Program under terms of Public Act 15-190 , which allowed the agency to provide funding for a full range of multi-use trails and greenways projects. This legislation also expanded eligibility for grants so that non-profit organizations are able to receive funds under this program.
DEEP's Recreational Trails Program distributed $5.8 million in trails grants. The $400,000 in grants awarded today were made possible from these same funds as a result of projects that were either under budget or that did not come to fruition.
DEEP envisions most projects being completed by spring 2018.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Manchester derby came and went this weekend, with no shortage of drama.
The blue half of the city were left celebrating when Pep Guardiola's side secured a 2-1 win over their bitter rivals to establish an 11-point lead at the top of the Premier League table.
Jose Mourinho was criticised in some quarters for his negative approach to the game and complained afterwards that his side should have been awarded a penalty when Ander Herrera went down in the box, only for the Spaniard to be booked for diving.
Mourinho's bad day wasn't over there, as reports emerged of a mass brawl in the dressing room area which saw milk thrown over him when he demanded the City players toned down their celebrations.
But where did it all go wrong for the Portuguese and the Red Devils on Sunday? MirrorFootball's writers have their say...
Andy Dunn
(Image: AFP)
The manager. Simple as that. The blame begins and ends with Jose Mourinho. It should not have been a surprise but I was still slightly aghast at such a negative, unambitious gameplan.
Quite frankly, the first half performance - even though they went into the break on level terms - was an insult to the traditions and values of Manchester United.
This was Old Trafford, this was United, this was against your city rivals.
To merely defend deep and then rely on a quick punt upfield was basic in the extreme.
Pep Guardiola's team is good but why can't the likes of Marcus Rashford, Anthony Martial and Jesse Lingard go toe-to-toe with them in a footballing sense?
Mourinho has excellent footballers at his disposal and they have played some thrilling stuff this season.
So why not try and fight flair with flair, especially in your own lair?
Better to go down with a swagger rather than 35 percent of possession.
If Mourinho continues to play this way in certain games - think Liverpool away - the patience of supporters will snap, no matter what he wins.
Simon Mullock
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Jose Mourinho chose four Rolls-Royce forwards and then asked them to play like double decker buses.
United had the pace and power to get at a City defence that always plays with a high line.
But there was absolutely nothing subtle about the way they then hoofed the ball forward in hope rather than expectation.
In the end, United looked like a non-league team trying to get lucky against top-flight opposition in an FA Cup tie. The gulf was embarrassing - and that was down to Mourinho not putting any trust in his players.
James Nursey
(Image: Michael Regan)
In defence. For a boss like Jose Mourinho, who prides himself on defensive organisation, it really must have hurt that both goals were conceded from set-pieces.
Against City you expect them to dominate possession anywhere these days and cannot do much about a moment of pure brilliance.
Yet it was poor marking at a first half corner which allowed Silva to put the hosts ahead, then Romelu Lukaku's mis-hit clearance at a free-kick enabled Otamendi to restore the visitors lead after Marcus Rashford's equaliser.
Darren Lewis
(Image: Tom Purslow)
The trouble with Mourinho is that with the players at his disposal he should not have reverted to his natural instinct against more free-flowing teams. To try and smother the life out of them.
Why would you spend all that money to roll with the big boys again, yet park the bus? United has a tradition over the years of going out to fight, even if they die with their boots on. The chants of “Attack, attack, attack” from the home fans told their own story.
Don't get me wrong, Mourinho has always been a pragmatist and, in the past, that approach has served him well. But he has spent a fortune on this United team. It was remarkable seeing them worrying about what City were going to do rather than giving City something to think about. It was remarkable to see United dominated so emphatically in their own house. Mourinho needs a rethink. United can't just be flat-track bullies. With the players he has he needs to do more against the bigger teams.
Mike Walters
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Who dares wins, Jose.
On paper, the Manchester United manager picked an attacking team for the derby - but football is played on grass, not paper, and the reality was different.
United were less adventurous than hermits. In too many big games, Mourinho is frightened to open his front door to take the milk off the step.
Marcus Rashford's equaliser in first-half stoppage-time was United's first meaningful threat, and by then City were dictating the tempo and dictating terms.
Yes, Ederson's fabulous double save from Romelu Lukaku and Juan Mata at the death denied Mourinho a second equaliser, but it was a fair result. Enterprise won the day - which is how it should be.
He remains on call and leaves the comforts of his home for some of the harshest realities of life.
Dr. Nic Sparrow volunteers his time assisting emergency services at some of the most serious 911 calls in the West Kootenay. (Submitted photo)
For most people, going above and beyond means working overtime to complete an important project or help a neighbour out of a tough situation.
But for Dr. Nic Sparrow, going above and beyond means saving people's lives or drastically changing the recovery outcome of a severe injury or health crisis, and he is hoping more doctors and community members will join in the fight.
Sparrow is an emergency room doctor at Kootenay Lake Hospital in Nelson, but he feels the duty of saving lives doesn't end when he leaves the hospital at the end of his shift.
Sparrow remains on call and often leaves the comforts of his home for some of the harshest realities of life — the most severe 9-1-1 calls in the West Kootenay. He does this work as a volunteer — giving his time and providing his own supplies and equipment.
The idea of doctors attending accident scenes, cardiac arrest calls and drug overdoses seems like a new approach here in Canada, but the practice is actually quite common in Europe and other parts of the world.
Sparrow first became familiar with the practice while working in the United Kingdom.
After moving to Canada, Sparrow started volunteering his time for this type of work in 2008 while working on the Sunshine Coast.
Sparrow is quick to emphasize that he does not do this work alone, that it is a team effort — he is there to support the first responders, ambulance attendants, paramedics and fire department personnel.
“I think they do an absolutely amazing job — but there are some calls that a physician who is trained in pre-hospital response can assist with,” said Sparrow.
“To support the emergency services, and secondly to help save lives and help the most critically ill or injured patients in the community — that is my goal,” explained Sparrow who has attended 260 calls over the last four years.
Sparrow says It's hard to calculate how many lives have been saved through the work.
“I'm not working in isolation, I'm working always with the paramedics, with the firefighters — so it is hard to equate to lives saved. But I have definitely, massively changed the outcome for a subset of critically ill patients,” he said.
This is partly because he is able to provide things like anti-seizure medications — stopping patients from enduring long periods of seizures and advanced life support drugs and treatments to the scene of cardiac arrests.
“There are certain things that I can provide that other providers at the moment in the pre-hospital environment cannot — that's partly why I respond,” said Sparrow.
“The paramedics on the ground and the firefighters … they have to deal with some really tough stuff and work in the confines of what they are allowed to do — when we have basic life support, there are only a limited number of things the province allows them to do.”
Before moving to Canada, Sparrow responded with the ambulance service of the UK as a first responder and also alongside ambulance services in South Africa.
“I have seen the benefit of having physicians in rural areas respond,” he said.
“I think it should be a national program. There should be volunteered pre-hospital trained physicians — and maybe in the fullness of time it won't be volunteered — across the province in rural areas assisting the ambulance service.”
Kootenay Emergency Response Physicians Association
Sparrow and others have formed a non-profit organization to help fund this work — the Kootenay Emergency Response Physicians Association (KERPA).
He hopes other physicians will join him in the work but explained it may take a while before that could happen.
“There is quite a lot of specialist training you require to translate your emergency skills into the pre-hospital setting,” explained Sparrow.
He also knows the idea is a tough sell.
“It's an unusual model because you are not being paid for your time, you are on call 24/7 unless you turn your phone off. It's not an overly attractive job concept.
“You have to be slightly weird in order to want to do it — hopefully the Kootenays will attract some more weird people to join me,” added Sparrow.
KERPA has developed a wish list that includes a designated marked vehicle to take to the scene of calls. The vehicle could then be stocked with the necessary equipment and outfitted with lights and sirens.
Sparrow has been using a LifePak 12 defibrillator/monitor on loan from Interior Health and an upgrade to a LifePak 15 is also on the organization's list.
They would also like an automated chest compression device — the LUCAS 3.
KERPA has already raised about $20,000 and has purchased a state-of-the-art hand-held ultrasound machine.
The above equipment will cost about $75,000 to $100,000 so KERPA is looking for a dealership or someone else to sponsor the vehicle and is accepting donations through its Facebook page.
“We are just a volunteer organization, trying to help — we have no political agenda,” added Sparrow. “I feel I have a duty to help these people and I am going to do it — I'm just going to do it.”
And that is where the conversation ended — Sparrow's phone rang, and he was needed elsewhere.
Authors discuss ethical decision-making among college students
Grant Pustelnik
Associate Reporter
February 9, 2017
Plante some ethics in your brain.
As part of the Markkula Center's winter series of events, the Department of Psychology hosted husband and wife Thomas and Lori Plante. The two recently co-wrote a book about how college students can practice ethical decision-making. Thomas is a psychology professor at Santa Clara and Lori is a clinical psychologist with her own private practice.
“Graduating with Honor: Best Practices to Promote Ethics Development in College Students” was published in Nov. 2016 and explores ethical development, principles for decision-making and goal-setting. The book also outlines the steps that universities, parents and students can take to foster the ethical development of college students.
“We're not proposing or suggesting that colleges prescribe any particular ethical values or morality,” Lori Plante said. “But rather allow people to think individually and personally about their own personal, ethical code and be who they want to be.”
As professors at Santa Clara and the Stanford University School of Medicine respectively, Thomas and Lori Plante are familiar with ethical issues college students face.
The presentation focused on how philosophy about the study of ethics can relate to modern-day ethical dilemmas by providing a list of easily and accessible approaches to ethics. Some of the more prominent approaches included cultural relativism (the idea that one's actions should be understood as part of their culture) and utilitarianism (the idea that one should maximize utility through actions).
Part of the appeal in studying college students is because of the exceedingly large number of ethical dilemmas that they face.
According to the statistics presented, there are approximately 1,400 alcohol-related deaths amongst college students each year, approximately 20 percent of college women are sexually assaulted and 43 percent of college students admit to cheating on tests.
“And (that 43 percent) are just those that are being honest,” Lori Plante said.
The Plantes also provided some mnemonics to support their claims. The Four I's are used to refer to developmental tasks of emerging adults: identity, independence, intimacy and impulse Control. The RRICC Model is used to identify key concepts of ethical development: respect, responsibility, integrity, competence and concern.
At Santa Clara, there is an emphasis on the three C's: competence, conscience and compassion.
The presentation concluded with the best practices to foster ethical development in college students. Among these was the new student orientation, which is completed by all students entering Santa Clara either as first years or transfers.
“The second a student enters a campus environment, part of that question is ‘Who are you going to be here?' and ‘How are you going to be here?'” Thomas Plante said. “New student orientation (should be used) to make sure that ethical thinking, and frameworks, and so forth is part of that image.”
Their book is available on Amazon and other book vendors.
“The take home message is that ethical development among college students should be everybody's business,” Thomas Plante said. “It should involve all the stakeholders. Everybody plays a role.”
Contact Grant Pustelnik at gpustelnik@scu.edu.
© Grigoriy Sisoev / Sputnik
The new punitive measures imposed on Russia by the outgoing US administration seem to be an attempt to take revenge on Republican Donald Trump for winning the presidency, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova has noted."The outgoing administration isn't giving up on its attempts to worsen bilateral relations, not understanding that they can't get any worse," Zakharova said in an interview with RIA-Novosti "Honestly, there is a feeling that the Democratic team is just trying to take revenge on Trump for his victory, making plainly absurd decisions a month before his inauguration," she said.The Foreign Ministry spokeswoman cited the Obama administration's plans to supply MANPADS to Syrian militants, which Washington still see as a tool to remove Syria's president, Bashar Assad, as an example of such "absurd decisions."Earlier in December, Congress added a provision to the 2017 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) that will allow the US to send shoulder-fired anti-aircraft missiles to rebel factions in Syria, where Russia is providing air support for the government forces fighting terrorist groups.When Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump established themselves as the main contenders for the White House,she said."There were no pro-Russian candidates, but onethe spokeswoman explained."Of course, it would be impossible [for Moscow] to rejoice over the victory of a person who proclaimed the downfall of Russia as her main foreign policy goal. But even in this scenario, Clinton's win would have been perceived as a choice of the American people," Zakharova said.The Foreign Ministry representative expressed the belief thatRussia is ready to work with "any team" in the White House, as Moscow understands the necessity of resolving the deadlock that occurred under the Obama administration, she said."We are waiting for the new administration to arrive at the White House, and then we will be ready to work with them," Zakharova stressed.Trump's inauguration as America's 45th president is scheduled for January 20, 2017.On Thursday, theAs a result,Following the announcement of the latest measures, Zakharova said she hoped that the new sanctions would be "the last weird and unwise decision" of the outgoing American administration aimed at spoiling Russian-American relations.
Fisherman has no idea a shark lurks below his cat
Man tries to rescue a dolphin and gets the shock
People leave cage to FREE DIVE with SHARKS in the
Free diver gets too close to Great White
Terrifying view into shark's jaws as it leaps out
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenage girl who died after being attacked by a shark was surfing with her dad who did "everything he could" to save her.
Laeticia Brouwer, 17, was in the water with her dad Leon near Esperance in the state of Western Australia when the attack happened on Easter Monday.
Her mother and two sisters were watching on from the beach, it is understood.
It is believed Teesha was pulled under by a shark and mauled while waiting to catch a wave.
Her father battled to save her and brought her back to the beach but she had suffered catastrophic injuries.
It is believed Teesha lost her left leg in the attack.
She was rushed to hospital but died of her injruies.
(Photo: Facebook)
Speaking on behalf of the family, her uncle said: "We are terribly heartbroken and saddened by this tragic accident.
"We take comfort in the fact that Laeticia died doing something that she loved - the ocean was her and her family's passion.
"Surfing was something that she treasured doing with her dad and sisters.
"Laeticia will be greatly missed by her friends, family and everyone that knew her."
A police spokesman confirmed yesterday the teen had been with her dad at the time of the attack.
"He obviously tried everything he could to help his daughter but sadly he wasn't able to save her," the spokesman added.
At least two shark sightings had been reported in the Esperance area in the last week, according to the Shark Smart website.
A medium-sized great white was seen about 150 metres off shore at Two Mile Beach in Hopetoun last Tuesday.
The same shark was seen 300 metres off Crazies Reef, Perth Now reported.
Monday's incident occurred on the same beach where a surfer lost his right hand and left arm above the elbow in a shark attack in 2014.
There were two fatal attacks in Western Australia last year.
In June a 60-year-old woman was killed by a great white north of Perth, while a 29-year-old man died at a beach south of Perth in May.
Battle of Ontario for playoffs?
Zack Smith would like to play the Toronto Maple Leafs in the playoffs, but more on that in a few paragraphs.
Before Tuesday's games, sportsclubstats.com calculated the Senators chances of making the post-season tournament at 84.1%. Before next Tuesday, they could be sitting atop the Atlantic Division standings.
Ottawa entered its Valentine's Day date with the Buffalo Sabres six points behind the Habs with five games in hand. The debate that is sure to rage on for most of the next two months — is it really in the Senators best interests to win the division?
By doing so, given that the Washington Capitals will claim the Eastern Conference crown, Ottawa would play the highest finishing wild-card team, which is likely to be from the Metropolitan Division. Before Tuesday's games, that would be the New York Rangers, winners of six in a row.
By finishing second (or third) in the Atlantic, the Senators would draw a lesser opponent, likely the Maple Leafs or Boston Bruins.
At the same time, the Senators own a 10-4-2 record against the Metropolitans this season, while they were 8-8-1 versus their Atlantic brethren, before Tuesday's game.
“That would be a cherry on top,” Smith said of finishing first in the the division, before adding the obligatory “but honestly (the goal) is just to make the playoffs. It's a long way to go, we don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves.”
But at 84.1%, it's OK to daydream.
“I think it would be really cool for there to be a Battle of Ontario at some point in the playoffs,” said Smith.
Senators fans might have another word for it. Like “scary”. Ottawa and Toronto have met four times in the playoffs, between 2000-2004, and the Maple Leafs won each series.
Smith, who suited as a Senator for the first time in 2008, has played more games against Toronto (31) than any other team. But never in the playoffs.
“I always find it easy to get up for those games,” he said. “I always like playing against Toronto, because they're physical, they're intense games. There's just always that little more emotion. When we play Montreal, it's kind of on the same level.”
For Smith, there would be a cherry on top of the cherry in a Battle of Ontario playoff series.
“I just love to beat the Leafs more than any other team,” he said.
Positive reinforcement works for Kelly, Sens
Chris Kelly was praised by his coach for being “extremely vocal” as the Senators snapped out of a two-game funk last week.
Not vocal like Robin Lehner, who publicly called out the Sabres for a lack of team-play on Sunday. Just the opposite, in fact.
“You try to be positive as much as you can,” Kelly said. “It's a game of mistakes. Everybody makes them, it's just how you react afterwards.
“I think positive reinforcement is huge in whatever you do in life. So many times you're told what you're not doing properly, instead of getting a pat on the back for doing something well. Doesn't matter if it's the best player on your team or the worst player on your team, people like positive reinforcement.”
And so Kelly provides it to his teammates on a regular basis.
“Everyone sees the nice goal,” he said. “Fans will tell you that. But the person that maybe took the hit in the defensive zone, to get the puck out of the zone for that goal to happen, you want to make sure that guy knows that goal wouldn't have happened without that play.”
Kelly says the Senators have a “very chatty room,” which he calls a great thing.
“Guys are talking about the power play, talking about different plays in between periods,” he said. “I've been in other locker rooms where it's pretty quiet. Sometimes that quietness brings a team down, and maybe they're not prepared for the next period or the game.”
But almost never will a player stand up in the Senators room and address the team.
“You see the movies, and the big rah-rah speeches, and the team comes back from being down, and they end up winning,” Kelly said. “That seldom happens. Guys just talk about certain things that the other team is doing, to be aware of, or certain plays we could do better or we're doing well.
“That speech where a guy gets up in the middle of the room and tries to bring the guys together when things aren't going well, that's for the movies. And I think that's where it needs to stay.”
Today marks the 240th anniversary of the adoption of the United States flag.
Also today, is the birth of the U.S army.
Here in Great Falls we had our annual celebration to honor the red, white, and blue and the people that serve those stripes.
Attorney General Tim Fox and citizens met at overlook park to express their gratitude and admiration the community has for the Armed Forces.
For one Vietnam veteran, the American flag represents something that will stay with him for generations to come.
John England served in the air force for over twenty years.
He says seeing people come together to celebrate this country and it's history, makes him very proud.
Credence Research has recently issued a new market assessment report titled “Honey Powder – Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2016 – 2023”. The global Honey Powder Market study provides a comprehensive view of the ongoing and future phases of the Honey Powder industry based on parameters such as major commercial events, research initiatives, government guidelines, market drivers, restraints and opportunities and detailed industry segmentation and regional distribution.
Browse the report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/honey-powder-market
Based on geographic/regional distribution the global Honey Powder Market is studied for key regional markets focusing on the respective geographic trends and statistics, and thereby delivering market size and forecast values. The Honey Powder Market based on geographic classification is studied for North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East and Africa markets. Among these, the North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific Honey Powder Market is studied for top country-level markets. The Honey Powder industry in each individual country market is studied based on parameters such as per capita income, population, gross domestic product (GDP), status of infrastructure, purchasing power parity, etc. Technology development, industry concentration, end-user preference, and similar such grounds are also considered while estimating the market for Honey Powder. The market estimates are provided for the period 2014-2023, along with corresponding compounded annual growth rates (CAGRs) for the forecast period 2016-2023.
Request Table of content – http://www.credenceresearch.com/request-table-of-content/58238
This report on Honey Powder Market also offers competition assessment tools such as market positioning of key players, attractive investment proposition, and Porter's Five Forces model to give the readers a view of the competitive scenario of the Honey Powder Market. The Honey Powder Market report is concluded with company profiles chapter. This section highlights major information about the key players engaged in development, manufacture, distribution and sale of Honey Powder in the international markets.
Request free sample – http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/58238
Major extracts from the Table of Content of Honey Powder Market, 2016-2023 report:
Honey Powder Market Dynamics – Drivers, Challenges, Opportunities
Honey Powder Market Size and Forecast for the Period 2014-2023
Honey Powder Market CAGR for the Period 2016-2023
Honey Powder Market Competitive Analysis, by Key Players
Honey Powder Market: Attractive Investment Proposition, by Geography
Honey Powder Market: Key Commercial Events
Honey Powder Market: Future Prospects (upcoming product approvals)
About Us:
Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we've manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task.
Who we are
Credence Research is a worldwide firm, containing more than 15 research consultants and almost 100 research and information professionals.
Our customers mirror our worldwide nature. Around 45% are in Europe, 30% in the Americas, 13% in Asia Pacific and 12% in the Middle East and Africa.
Our firm is intended to work as one. We are a solitary global research organization united by a solid arrangement of qualities, concentrated on customer effect.
What we do
We serve customers at each level of their organization, in whatever limit we can be most helpful, whether as a trusted counsel to top management or as a hands-on mentor for forefront representatives. For each engagement, we collect a group with the most suitable experience and ability.
No matter the challenge, we concentrate on delivering functional and persevering results, and preparing our customers to develop and lead. We join forces with customers to place suggestions into practice. Our research specialist work straightforwardly with customers over long stretches to create workforce aptitudes, drive operational change, and apply new working strategies.
Media Contact
Name: Chris Smith (Global Sales Manager)
Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US
E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com
Ph: 1-800-361-8290
Web: http://www.credenceresearch.com
The articles are almost as impossible to miss as the giant “Store Closing” signs plastered on more than 5,000 shops across the globe. Do a quick Google search and you'll see headlines like "Retailers Are Going Bankrupt at a Record Pace," "Another Bad Week for Retail," "2017 Retail Bankruptcies Are Piling Up," and "There's No End in Sight."
We're just over halfway through 2017 and more than 300 retailers have filed for bankruptcy, up 31 percent from the same time last year. You could point your finger at a recovering economy, make a case against the “distracted consumer” or throw shade at Amazon, but the honest truth is as harsh as the headlines.
Before his death, Prince abused opioid pain pills, suffered withdrawal symptoms and received at least one opioid prescription under his bodyguard's name, according to search warrants and affidavits unsealed Monday.
Prince was 57 when he was found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at Paisley Park on April 21. Nearly a year after his accidental overdose death at his suburban Minneapolis studio and estate, investigators still don't know how he got the fentanyl that killed him. The newly unsealed documents give the clearest picture yet of Prince's struggle with opioid painkillers.
___
WHAT DO AUTHORITIES SAY HAPPENED?
Advertisement
Investigators heard plenty from the people at Paisley Park when Prince's body was discovered. They told investigators that Prince was recently “going through withdrawals, which are believed to be the result of the abuse of prescription medication.”
When authorities later checked a database set up to monitor who's getting prescriptions for controlled substances, they found nothing for Prince. But there was a prescription for the opioid painkiller oxycodone written for Kirk Johnson, Prince's bodyguard.
The prescription was dated April 14, 2016, the same day Prince was revived with an anti-overdose drug after falling ill on a plane. Dr. Michael Schulenberg, who wrote the prescription, told authorities he put the prescription in Johnson's name to protect Prince's privacy, according to a detective's affidavit. Schulenberg's attorney, Amy Conners, said in a statement that Schulenberg never prescribed opioids to Prince directly nor to another person with the intent of giving them to the singer.
Johnson's attorney, Clayton Tyler, said Johnson “did not secure nor supply the drugs which caused Prince's death.” An autopsy showed Prince died of an overdose of fentanyl, another drug in the opioid family.
___
WHAT ARE POTENTIAL CHARGES?
Writing a prescription under another person's name violates state and federal law, said Ruth Martinez, executive director of the Minnesota Board of Medical Practice.
Martinez said she could not comment on whether the board is investigating Schulenberg's treatment of Prince. The agency's website on Monday listed no disciplinary or corrective actions taken against the doctor.
The board doesn't launch investigations unless someone makes a complaint. Complaints typically take 90 to 120 days to resolve, she said.
A person convicted under the law could be stripped of the ability to prescribe controlled substances by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration and face other discipline from the state medical board.
___
WHY NO CHARGES YET?
A year might seem like a long time without charges, but criminal justice experts say the fact that no one's been charged doesn't mean no one ever will. They say it's a complex thing to track illegally obtained pills, and investigators and prosecutors want to build strong cases before interviewing witnesses who might provide useful information.
Although they can resort to subpoenas, the targets can exercise their right against self-incrimination — and the only way to get them to talk after that is by offering immunity. And, experts say, prosecutors and investigators don't want to lose a high-profile case such as Prince's — likely increasing their caution.
___
HOW OFTEN DO PRESCRIBERS USE FALSE NAMES?
Martinez of the Minnesota medical board said it's “quite infrequent” for a doctor to write out a prescription for someone in another person's name.
Two Los Angeles attorneys say it happens all the time in Hollywood. Celebrities frequently use aliases in hospitals and doctor's offices.
Laws against prescribing with a false name are not usually enforced when a doctor intends to protect a celebrity's privacy, said Los Angeles attorney Ellyn Garofalo.
She represented a doctor who was acquitted of all charges, including false name allegations, in the death of Anna Nicole Smith, the Playboy model and reality TV star who died of an accidental overdose in 2007.
“They would be indicting every pharmacist in Beverly Hills if this were strictly enforced,” Garofalo said Monday.
Los Angeles criminal defense attorney Harland Braun said there are good reasons for doctors to want to protect privacy with the insatiable appetite for celebrity gossip.
“Say you have a major male actor who has a prescription for Viagra, do you want that out on TMZ?” Braun said.
___
Amy Forliti and Doug Glass contributed from Minneapolis.
TORONTO — Leonard Cohen's final book, which he finished in the months before his death last November, will hit shelves next year.
McClelland and Stewart says it will release "The Flame" on Oct. 16, 2018.
The publishing house describes the book as "a stunning collection of Cohen's last poems, selected and ordered by the author in the final months of his life."
The book also has excerpts from his notebooks as well as the full lyrics to his final three albums and those written by Cohen for the album "Blue Alert" by his collaborator Anjani.
Readers will also get to see prose pieces and illustrations by the Montreal-born "Hallelujah" singer-songwriter, who died Nov. 7 at age 82.
McClelland and Stewart calls the book "an enormously powerful final chapter in Cohen's storied literary career."
"During the final months of his life, Leonard had a singular focus — completing this book taken largely from his unpublished poems and selections from his notebooks," Robert Kory, Cohen's manager and trustee of the Cohen estate, said Friday in a statement.
"The flame and how our culture threatened its extinction was a central concern. Though in declining health, Leonard died unexpectedly.
"Those of us who had the rare privilege of spending time with him during this period recognized that the flame burned bright within him to the very end. This book, finished only days before his death, reveals to all the intensity of his inner fire. "
McClelland and Stewart publisher Jared Bland said the book is "full of Leonard Cohen's signature combination of grace, humour, wisdom, and heartbreaking insight into the fragility and beauty of this world we all share."
The Grey's Anatomy firehouse spin-off is rounding out its cast!
Deadline announced on Friday that Hamilton alum Okieriete Onaodowan, Grey Damon (Aquarius), Danielle Savre (Too Close to Home) and Barrett Doss (Marvel's Iron Fist) will be joining Grey's grad Jason George and Rosewood's Jaina Lee Ortiz on the new series.
The spin-off will focus on a firehouse in Seattle and will launch with a backdoor pilot on Grey's Anatomy this fall. The untitled drama will then return for its 10-episode first season in 2018. So far, George is the only Grey's cast member making the switch to the new series, but fans should expect plenty of crossovers between the two shows.
Here's How Grey's Anatomy Spin-off Will Affect Ben and Bailey
Production on the new series was delayed one week, according to Deadline, to allow the cast to be fully fleshed out. Grey's executive producer Stacy McKee will be overseeing the new series which is also executive produced by director Paris Barclay, and Shondaland's Betsy Beers and Shonda Rhimes.
Grey's Anatomy continues Thursdays at 8/7c on ABC.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–Oklahoma Panhandle State-N. Colorado Box
N. COLORADO 104, OKLAHOMA PANHANDLE STATE 53 OKLAHOMA PANHANDLE STATE (0-1)
Whitfield 1-7 0-0 2, Kerr 6-10 0-0 13, Bryer 1-2 0-0 3, Landers 0-3 0-0 0, Pate 5-15 2-4 12, Thompson 0-1 0-0 0, Harrel 2-3 2-2 7, Green 1-3 0-0 2, Doorbal 0-1 0-1 0, Williams 0-2 1-2 1, Swart 0-1 0-2 0, Powell 1-4 0-0 2, Burns 1-5 1-2 4, Ellis 3-8 1-2 7. Totals 21-65 7-15 53.
N. COLORADO (7-3)
Morgan 1-3 0-0 2, Radebaugh 4-5 0-1 12, Davis 3-5 2-4 9, Spight 7-14 2-2 20, Sanders 9-12 2-2 21, Edwards 1-1 0-0 2, Sylla 0-0 1-7 1, Vercellino 1-3 0-0 2, Drgon 0-4 0-0 0, Glotta 5-10 1-2 15, A.Johnson 4-9 0-0 10, Loose 1-2 0-0 2, Reyes 3-5 0-0 8. Totals 39-73 8-18 104.
Halftime_N. Colorado 56-21. 3-Point Goals_Oklahoma Panhandle State 4-18 (Bryer 1-1, Kerr 1-2, Harrel 1-2, Burns 1-4, Swart 0-1, Powell 0-1, Landers 0-1, Ellis 0-2, Pate 0-4), N. Colorado 18-34 (Radebaugh 4-5, Spight 4-7, Glotta 4-8, Reyes 2-3, A.Johnson 2-4, Davis 1-1, Sanders 1-2, Vercellino 0-1, Drgon 0-3). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Oklahoma Panhandle State 25 (Thompson 4), N. Colorado 53 (Sanders 9). Assists_Oklahoma Panhandle State 7 (Williams, Thompson, Landers 2), N. Colorado 23 (Radebaugh, Spight 5). Total Fouls_Oklahoma Panhandle State 16, N. Colorado 17. A_797 (2,734).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
By The Associated Press
National Individual Leaders
By The Associated Press
Scoring
Through games of Dec. 09
G PAT A FG FGA Pts Avg Singletar,Fla.At 13 0 0 0 180 13.8 Penny,SDSt 12 0 0 0 144 12.0 Gaskin,Wash. 12 0 0 0 132 11.0 Rourke,Ohio 12 0 0 0 132 11.0 Ammendola,OklaSt 12 67 20 26 127 10.6 Barkley,PennSt 12 0 0 0 126 10.5 Johnson,Auburn 11 0 0 0 114 10.4 Vest,Toledo 13 58 25 30 131 10.1 Gay,Utah 12 37 27 31 118 9.8 Nadelman,So.Fla 11 51 20 24 107 9.7 Jones,So.Cal 12 0 0 0 114 9.5 Marshall,GaTech 11 0 0 0 104 9.5 Sills,W.Va. 12 0 0 0 112 9.3 Seibert,Okla. 13 75 15 18 120 9.2 Snell,Ky 12 0 0 0 110 9.2 Wright,UCF 12 77 11 14 109 9.1 Carlson,Auburn 13 54 21 28 117 9.0 Nuernberg,OhioSt 13 68 16 20 116 8.9 McCrane,Kan.St 12 43 21 26 106 8.8 Pantels,UNLV 9 28 17 22 79 8.8 Pappanast,Ala 11 51 15 19 96 8.7 Wilson,N.Tex 11 0 0 0 96 8.7 Barnes,LaTech 12 40 22 29 103 8.6 Jackson,L'vill 12 0 0 0 102 8.5 Love,Stan. 12 0 0 0 102 8.5 Miller,Memphs 12 0 0 0 102 8.5 Thomas,UNLV 12 0 0 0 102 8.5 Weaver,WF 12 49 19 22 102 8.5 Toner,Stan. 13 50 20 24 110 8.5 Powell,WashSt 12 45 19 23 101 8.4 Zervos,Ohio 12 58 15 18 101 8.4 Moore,N.Tex 13 52 19 21 109 8.4 McCann,Mo. 11 52 14 16 92 8.4 Creque,L'vill 12 56 15 17 100 8.3 Ruiz,ArizSt 12 46 18 25 99 8.3 Abey,Navy 11 0 0 0 90 8.2 Williams,Ark.St 11 50 15 21 90 8.2 Yoon,NDame 11 54 12 16 90 8.2 MacGinnis,Ky 12 34 21 27 97 8.1 Freeman,Oregon 12 0 0 0 96 8.0 Joseph,Fla.At 13 63 15 19 104 8.0 Sackett,UTSA 10 24 19 22 80 8.0 Woolfolk,Army 9 0 0 0 72 8.0 Hoggarth,Boise 13 52 17 21 103 7.9 Anderson,Cal 12 36 20 27 95 7.9 LaCamera,TexA&M 12 45 17 20 95 7.9 Molson,UCLA 12 48 16 20 95 7.9 Slye,VaTech 10 34 15 22 79 7.9 Bryan,ColoSt 12 51 15 18 94 7.8 Murphy,Syr. 12 35 20 27 94 7.8 Stefanou,Colo 11 35 17 22 86 7.8 Wimbush,NDame 11 0 0 0 86 7.8 Worthman,AFA 10 0 0 0 78 7.8 Camacho,Fresno 13 39 21 26 101 7.8 Davis,PennSt 12 66 9 16 93 7.8 Eberle,UtahSt 12 45 16 18 93 7.8 Owens,IowaSt 12 42 17 21 93 7.8 Pollack,Ariz 12 62 11 15 93 7.8 Wunderlic,Miss. 11 36 17 21 85 7.7 Blankensh,Ga. 13 55 15 17 100 7.7 Hill,OklaSt 12 0 0 0 92 7.7 Shaunfiel,S.Miss 12 42 17 20 92 7.7 Taylor,Memphs 11 0 0 0 84 7.6 Badgley,MiaFla 12 43 16 20 90 7.5 Grant,W.Mich 12 46 15 23 90 7.5 Lindsay,Colo 12 0 0 0 90 7.5 Samuels,N.C.St 12 0 0 0 90 7.5 Smith,S.Miss 12 0 0 0 90 7.5 Gaglianon,Wis. 13 55 14 16 97 7.5 Martin,Baylor 12 30 20 24 89 7.4 Rui,Kansas 10 23 17 20 74 7.4 Anderson,Okla. 13 0 0 0 96 7.4 Patterson,Memphs 12 62 9 13 88 7.3 Tate,Ariz 10 0 0 0 72 7.2 Oakes,Ind. 12 39 16 17 86 7.2 Schneider,Oregon 12 59 9 12 86 7.2 Suder,BGreen 12 33 18 22 86 7.2 McGrath,So.Cal 13 58 12 16 93 7.2 Johnson,Toledo 13 0 0 0 92 7.1 Aguayo,Fla.St 12 39 15 18 84 7.0 Fitzgeral,MissSt 12 0 0 0 84 7.0 Hilliard,Tulane 12 0 0 0 84 7.0 Johnson,Bufalo 12 0 0 0 84 7.0 Parker,Duke 12 35 17 21 84 7.0 Smith,UCF 12 0 0 0 84 7.0 Swanson,Toledo 12 0 0 0 84 7.0 Baron,SDSt 12 47 12 15 83 6.9 Verity,E.Caro 12 36 16 25 83 6.9 Borregale,FlaInt 12 40 14 16 82 6.8 Mitcheson,Bufalo 12 40 15 24 82 6.8 Williams,SMU 12 48 13 19 82 6.8 Pineiro,Fla. 11 26 17 18 75 6.8 Andrews,UCLA 9 0 0 0 60 6.7 Brooks,Tulsa 9 0 0 0 60 6.7 Jones,Tulsa 12 45 12 16 80 6.7 King,Houstn 9 0 0 0 60 6.7 Vizcaino,Wash. 12 47 12 19 80 6.7 Carpenter,Minn. 11 31 14 20 73 6.6 Fricano,E.Mich 12 36 15 21 79 6.6 Nordin,Mich. 12 37 15 20 79 6.6
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
IRON RIVER—The West End Players will present “High School Musical JR.” Dec. 8-10 at the Windsor Center.
The Friday, Dec. 8, and Saturday, Dec. 9, performances will begin at 7 p.m. The Sunday, Dec. 10, performance will start at 2 p.m.
Tickets are $8 (family rate, five or more from the same family - $35, children 3 and under free). Tickets will be available at the door.
The show is directed by Traci Howell and features middle and high school age children.
Cast members include: Matthew McPherson (Troy Bolton); Kate Peterson (Gabriella Montez); Addy Howell (Sharpay Evans); Scott Peterson (Ryan Evans); Sydney Timbrook (Chad); Marly Mattson, McKenna Kegley, Taylor Clark, Sam Herman, Lilianna Micola, Eliana Holroyd, Avery Bociek, Ella Gasperich, Jenna Gray, Audrey Franz, Ella Moser, Jalyn Mattson, Ariella Stafford, Ellie Ayers, Jennifer Willobee, Elizabeth Grifka, Julia Gray, Skylar White, Kaitlynn Mathison, Samara Harper and Ashley Binkley.
Disney Channel's smash hit movie musical comes to life on the stage in Disney's High School Musical JR. Troy, Gabriella and the students of East High must deal with issues of love, friends and family while balancing their classes and extracurricular activities. The show's infectious, danceable songs are sure to engage performers and audiences alike.
“From the very first practice, all of the cast have enjoyed not only the musical numbers but also relating to one another,” said Sari Jacobson, co-director and choreographer, “which goes hand-in-hand with this particular production.”
This marks the West End Players 19th production which have included, Elf JR, Wizard of Oz, Oklahoma and most recently Oliver! They plan on continuing these local performances and keeping the arts in the community.
“All of our production team are volunteers, however it's the audience and community that make theses shows possible,” said Jacobson.
Catalan regional police chief Josep Luis Trapero gets into a car after leaving the national court in Madrid, Spain, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. Spain's National Court is questioning two senior officers of Catalonia's regional police force and the leaders of two pro-independence civic groups who have been placed under investigation for sedition, a case over preparations for an Oct. 1 referendum on independence. Paul White AP Photo
NORWALK, Conn. (WTNH) — You and your family can experience a ‘sun-sational' solar eclipse during Astronomy Week.
This is happening all this week at Stepping Stones in Norwalk.
It is in anticipation of the solar eclipse sweeping across the nation next Monday August 21st.
Solar glasses are needed to witness the event and kids can decorate their very own pair at the museum.
Every day little stargazers can also drop in to the space challenge and create their own telescope.
Other workshops include constellation games and planet marble painting.
Eagles' Mack Hollins looking to get his freak on with new wide receivers coach | Jeff McLane
Eagles' Mack Hollins looking to get his freak on with new wide receivers coach | Jeff McLane May 25
Eagles practice observations: Carson Wentz does more (again); Sidney Jones intercepts; De'Vante Bausby gets some looks
Eagles practice observations: Carson Wentz does more (again); Sidney Jones intercepts; De'Vante Bausby gets some looks May 29
Jay Ajayi enters in a contract year ready to be the Eagles' workhorse May 30
Eagles running back Jay Ajayi carries the ball during practice at the NovaCare Complex in South Philadelphia on Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Tuesday was the first day of the Eagles' organized team activities.
It's safe to assume that Jay Ajayi wasn't among those who thought the Eagles hadn't done enough to upgrade their running backs during free agency and the draft.
Darren Sproles was retained, free agent Matt Jones was signed, and undrafted rookie Josh Adams was brought aboard, but the Eagles didn't add an obvious replacement for the departed LeGarrette Blount or obvious competition at the top of the depth chart.
The lead job is Ajayi's for the taking, and while the same can't be said beyond this season, the 24-year-old running back welcomes the opportunity to once again become a workhorse.
“Obviously, things have gotten a little shaken up in our room,” Ajayi said, acknowledging the loss of Blount, who signed with the Lions. “I'm excited to get into that lead role, do what's needed of me and just go bull. It was kind of a year and a half removed from being ‘the guy.'
“So I'm excited to kind of get back in that role and showcase again to the world what I can do.”
Ajayi was “the guy” with the Dolphins for about a year and a half, but he was dealt before the trade deadline last Oct. 31. Only hours after the exchange — the Eagles parted with a fourth-round draft pick — the Miami Herald reported that Ajayi was jettisoned because of “team culture, locker room chemistry and player buy-in.”
While some viewed the report as only the Dolphins' attempt to justify dealing away a 1,000-yard rusher, three independent sources familiar with Miami's locker room dynamic confirmed that Ajayi openly complained about the number of touches he would receive — even after victories — in the weeks before the trade.
He got nowhere near the same amount of touches in Philadelphia, but Ajayi had joined a successful team with a locker room full of unselfish players that wouldn't have tolerated malcontents. The Eagles also kept winning and Ajayi was productive despite sharing the load with Blount and Corey Clement.
His touches increased late in the season and through the postseason — without nary a public grouse from Blount — but 2018 offers Ajayi the chance to become the definitive No. 1. Eagles coach Doug Pederson has said that he favors a by-committee approach, but with Ajayi playing in the last year of his rookie contract, the stars could be aligned for the fourth-year tailback.
“Obviously, you understand what the stakes are going into this season,” Ajayi said of his contract situation. “I'm not going to let it affect the way I carry out my business. Obviously, yeah, I understand that is something that will come to a crossroads at some point, whether it's during the season or at the end of the year.”
The Eagles, of course, would be the only team that could extend Ajayi during the season, but it would be uncharacteristic for a team that has increasingly devalued running backs. It's fair to question whether they would even bring him back for another contract, especially if he puts up eye-popping numbers.
But the Eagles have Ajayi at only a $1.907 million salary cap number for this season and they may ride him into the sunset.
“I would like to consider myself a workhorse running back, a grinder,” Ajayi said Tuesday after spring practice. “I believe it's tough for a defense to go against me for four quarters of just getting me running out of attack and just pounding, pounding.”
The sample isn't large, but when Ajayi has had 25 or more carries in a game, he has averaged 5.7 yards per rush. In seven games, he has eclipsed 100 yards six times and 200 yards three times. By comparison, when he has had in between 12 to 23 carries, he has averaged 3.4 yards and when he has had in between 1-11 he has averaged 4.6 yards.
Ajayi has decent size (6-foot, 223 pounds), but it's his relentless north-to-south running style that makes it difficult to bring him down at first crack. Last season, he averaged 3.57 yards beyond the point of being helped by his blockers, per Pro Football Focus, which ranked third in the NFL. In 2016, he averaged a third-best 3.46 yards.
In Miami, Ajayi was given the occasional practice day off to rest a right knee that some teams viewed as potentially chronic before the 2015 draft — hence his fall into the fifth round. He has said the knee is fine, but the concern exists.
Still, when asked earlier this month which players returned for spring workouts in impressive physical shape, Pederson mentioned Ajayi first. The England-born, Texas-raised running back said that he hired a personal chef and has been eating healthier.
A full offseason with the Eagles, in theory, should also benefit Ajayi.
“He and I were talking the other day on the field and he said, ‘It's just great to be here in the offseason,'” offensive coordinator Mike Groh said. “To be able to go through the offseason with the team instead of trying to hit the ground running like he did last year. … I think he's got a certain amount of comfort now.”
Will Ajayi's comfort make him more prone to protest when he isn't happy? Pederson has done a tremendous job of dousing potential firestorms. Sproles and Clement will likely get their touches, particularly on third down, but Ajayi should get the bulk of playing time on first and second down.
Some players have trouble maintaining their focus when playing in a contract year, but Ajayi said it shouldn't be difficult.
“At the end of the day, it will sort itself out,” Ajayi said. “I can only control what I can control and that's my play and my attitude coming in every day.”
Kamuzu Barracks have finally conceded that this year's TNM Super League title is beyond their reach.
KB throws in towel as Nomads storm Silver, Eagles territories: TNM Super League
KB won the 2016 TNM Super League championship and became the first military side to win the super league title.
And the side promised to defend the title this year, but the going has largely been tough for the defending champions with Assistant Coach Ted Kalinda throwing in the white towel in as far the fight to defend the title is concerned.
“We need to be frank, we cannot turn the tables. I don't think Mighty Be Forward Wanderers, with rich vein of form they have displayed this far, will drop points. And the gap already between them and us is too big. We are out of contention,” conceded Kalinda.
Wanderers top the 16 member log table with 44 points from 18 games, followed by Silver Strikers with 39 points from 19 games.
Nyasa Big Bullets are third with 38 points from 19 games as well while KB are perched on position 10 with 22 points from 19 games.
Teams fighting relaxation are Wizards FC, Dwangwa United, Chitipa United and Blantyre United.
Wizards, who have just fired their head coach Trevor Kajawa due to poor performance, are position 13 with 19 points from 29 games, followed by Dwangwa United who equally have 19 points from 20 games.
Bantyre United are second from the bottom with 12 points from 20 games with Chitipa United anchoring the table with 11 points from 19 games.
The battle for points will continue this wekend as all competing teams look forward to climbing up the super league ladder.
On Saturday, Red Lions will host Civil Sporting F.C at Balaka Stadium; Dwangwa United and Chitipa United will face off at Chitowe Stadium in Nkhotakota with Silver Strikers hosting Be Forward Wanderers at Silver Stadium in Lilongwe.
Wizards F.C. will host Mzuni F.C. at Chiwembe, Mpira Village in Blantyre while Nyasa Big Bullets and Blantyre United will meet at MDC Stadium.
And on Sunday, Mafco F.C. will meet Chitipa United at Chitowe Stadium; Azam Tigers and Mzuni F.C. will battle it out at MDC Stadium; Moyale will host their brothers in arms Kamuzu Barracks at Mzuzu Stadium with Blue Eagles facing off with Wanderers at Nankhaka Stadium.mbc
Xiaomi is all set to launch its anniversary flagship smartphone on May 31. Ahead of the launch of the phone, there are many teasers and leaks surfaced on the web. A new teaser has been leaked on the YouTube which showcase two clips, merged in a single video. The leaked teaser revealed the precise location capabilities of the smartphone.
It seems that the new flagship phone will be arriving with a better navigation system thanks to the rumored dual GPS receiver because the short teaser is showing that one person is getting lost in directions and the other person id getting lost in translation and explaining where to go exactly.
The company has also released a promo poster with a window in the shape of the number 8. In the poster we can see the Giza Pyramids in Cairo, Sagrada Familia in Barcelona, Taj Mahal in India, The Leaning Tower of Pisa, St. Basil Cathedral on the Red Square in Moscow, the Eiffel Tower in Paris, a Vietnamese pagoda and a Presbyterian church.
This poster seemingly reveals the regions where Xiaomi Mi 8 is going to launch. According to the poster the smartphone will be launched in Egypt, Spain, India, Italy, Russia, France and Vietnam.
Retail box reveals Xiaomi Mi 8 specs
If the leaked retail box images are to be believed, the Xiaomi Mi 8 might arrive with a 6.2-inch FHD+ IPS display with a notch on top. The display is said to have an aspect ratio of 19:9. It is believed that the smartphone will get the power from a Snapdragon 845 SoC paired with 6GB RAM and 128GB storage space. It is likely to debut with the MIUI 10 featuring iPhone X-like gesture controls.
Word is that the Xiaomi flagship phone might feature 3D facial recognition technology as the iPhone X. We have come across leaked 3D module housed inside the notch for the purchase. Also, a teaser from the company tipped at the presence of a new facial recognition feature. The other advanced feature is the presence of an in-display fingerprint sensor. Though it remains to be confirmed, a leaked video shows the in-display fingerprint sensor in action.
Source
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A six-year-old girl with a ferocious appetite is constantly hungry due to a rare disorder which means she never feels full.
Megan Adams-Fitzgerald's family have to hide food from her and sometimes eat in secret.
Her parents have banned words such as "snack" and "dinner" being said in front of her because she gets easily distressed if she is not allowed to eat.
The young girl is battling an obsessive compulsion to eat because the part of her brain which should tell her she is full up is missing, the Hull Daily Mail reports.
Megan has Prader-Willi Syndrome (PWS) - a rare congenital disorder characterised by a ferocious appetite which causes her to be constantly hungry.
(Image: Hull Daily Mail / MEN Media)
Despite her meals being served on time, with breakfast by 8am, a snack at 10am, lunch at midday on the dot, a second snack at 2pm and tea not a second later than 4pm, Megan is hungry 24/7.
Her parents will never be able to to fulfil her hunger and the only thing which is stopping her from becoming obese is their dedication to a carefully controlled diet.
"Megan is obsessive about food," said her devoted mum Tracy Fitzgerald, 35, from Bilton.
"We can't eat in front of her, we can't say the words dinner, food or snack in front of her because if she hears those words she thinks it must mean it's coming and she wants it now.
"It's very hard on my four-year-old son, he can only eat when she eats, or we eat in secret."
(Image: Hull Daily Mail / MEN Media)
PWS is recognised as one of the most medically complex syndromes to live with and care for by medical professionals – and there is no cure.
It affects one in 15,000 people and in addition to the insatiable appetite, symptoms of PWS include developmental delays, learning difficulties, stubbornness and a fast-rising temper.
Megan can only say a handful of words including mummy, daddy, yes and no. She cannot walk far and struggles with tiredness.
"We have good days and bad days," said Miss Fitzgerald.
(Image: Hull Daily Mail / MEN Media)
"A good day is a day where Megan doesn't ask for food at times when it is not food time - although I'm not sure we ever have one of those days.
"But I would be lying if I said that we didn't have bad days, or lots of bad times during most days.
"Some days I feel like everything I do for her is wrong, like when she wants food, and I can't give her it because it isn't time. Or when she's upset or frustrated and what I'm offering isn't what she wants.
"Sometimes I really think she doesn't like me, I'm the big bad wolf who won't allow her to eat what she wants, but as a parent I have to lump it.
"I'm doing what I do for her, it's tough love. I don't want her to become obese because there are a lot of associated health problems if she does.
"Life is a daily guessing game. On a good day I get it right and think to myself, 'yes, I got this, I am awesome', other days I think, 'today was not so good, I hope I can do better tomorrow.'"
(Image: Hull Daily Mail / MEN Media)
But with drugs trials and more research, the single mum hopes one day the challenges of PWS can be eliminated.
Alongside her best friend Emma Branch, the women have thrown themselves into raising money for the Foundation for Prader-Willi Research UK.
Together they have completed eight of ten challenges they have set themselves, including the Humber Half Marathon and the Hull 10k.
Miss Fitzgerald said: "The trials are going well, but the research needs funding. My friend Emma and I decided we would do a mammoth challenge and do ten races throughout the year ending with the Hull Marathon next month.
"A marathon is a scary task for us both, but we will put ourselves through the pain and torture for my little girl.
"Emma is just amazing to do this for us. Every time I see her I just want to hug her. I don't think I could ever thank her enough."
Visit Megan's fundraising page to follow Megan's journey or visit Tracy and Emma's Just Giving Page to sponsor them.
An automotive workshop burst into flames, causing at least a million dollars in damage.
An automotive workshop burst into flames, causing at least a million dollars in damage.
Osborne Park worker being treated at Fiona Stanley Hospital The West Australian
WARNING: This story contains graphic descriptions.
A young worker is clinging to life after an automotive workshop burst into flames in Osborne Park on Monday.
The cause of the fire at Precision Automatic Transmissions is yet to be determined, but it is believed a worker was using an angle grinder before the fire.
A young man is in a critical condition in Fiona Stanley Hospital.
Peter Harding, who works nearby, said he heard the man's screams and saw the skin from his chest down to his thighs was badly burnt and blistered.
“All of his skin was basically in his hands because it had peeled off and he was carrying it,” he said. “He was screaming and he was in pain.
“His shirt was burned off and half his jeans. They were just trying to keep him cool.”
Mr Harding said there were big explosions as the fire intensified.
“The flames were through the roof and cans were exploding continuously,” he said.
“The smoke was very thick and there was explosion after explosion. Different drums blew up as it got hotter.”
The fire at the Osborne Park business. Picture: Sharon Smith
Simon Carville, who works next door, said they realised something was wrong when someone came rushing into their office to tell them there had been an accident.
“We didn't know what was going on, but a few of us went outside for a look and they were hosing a man down in the carpark next door,” he said.
“We assumed something had been spilled on him and he was moaning, in a lot of pain, but we couldn't really tell what was going on.
“Within a minute we were being told to evacuate and the place had smoke billowing out the front.”
Department of Fire and Emergency Services district officer Warren Murtagh said that firefighting crews “did a fantastic job” containing the fire.
Emergency services at the scene of a factory fire at Precision Automatic Transmission in Ruse Street in Osborne Park. Picture: Oscar Ward
Luxury cars, including an Audi and four BMWs, were parked outside the business.
It is believed about six vehicles were destroyed inside.
Mr Murtagh said oils and other motor fluids had fuelled the fire.
“The risk is definitely there and the hazards make the job that much more difficult,” he said.
A second man received minor burns in the fire.
WorkSafe is investigating.
Inside the Toronto Life x Longo's Pitmaster's Feast at The Carbon Bar
Inside the Toronto Life x Longo's Pitmaster's Feast at The Carbon Bar
On the evening of May 29, Toronto barbecue lovers flocked to The Carbon Bar to enjoy some of the city's best southern-style cooking at The Pitmaster's Feast, presented by Toronto Life and Longo's. Guests were treated to a flurry of canapés before sitting down to tackle the huge spreads of food that chef Jonathan Viau's kitchen prepared for the evening. The family-style meal—paired with Italian wines by Ruffino—was capped with dessert boards and Vin Santo (Italian dessert wine) selected by certified Master of Wine Eugene Mlynczyk.
The event celebrated the start of barbecue season, as well as the summer issue of Longo's Experience, which features recipes from Viau that were executed for this dinner. Copies of the magazine were included with each plate setting—and included mystery gift cards pre-loaded with values up to $100.
Meet the hosts of the evening: Ken Hunt (Publisher, Toronto Life), Rob Koss (Director, Consumer Promotions, Planning and Community Outreach, Longo's), Jenny Longo (Director, Private Brands, Longo's), Eugene Mlynczyk (Master of Wine, Luxury Portfolio Manager, Arterra Wines Canada) and Jonathan Viau (Chef, The Carbon Bar).
Guests at the opening reception were welcomed with Ruffino's prosecco and sparkling rosé, as well as the Summer Is Coming cocktail featuring High River whiskey, Southern Comfort, Amaro Averna, maple syrup, lemon and rosehip hibiscus tincture.
Canapés included the K.F.C.—i.e., Korean fried cauliflower…
Blistered shishitos dusted with ground guajillo chili and sesame seeds…
Cheddar hushpuppies served with buttermilk ranch…
Wild Argentinian shrimp with lemon aioli…
Crispy sweet potato and brisket croquettes on pools of dijon mustard…
And fried mac-and-cheese sticks with sour BBQ sauce.
Now, onto the shareable starters, beginning with a wedge Caesar salad speckled with pit-smoked bacon.
DIY pulled pork tacos came with fresh corn tortillas, charred tomatillo salsa, citrus crema, curtido (lightly fermented cabbage relish) and cilantro.
The pink-hued kingfish ceviche came with charred scallions, valentine radish, celery, sesame, nori (seaweed) and crispy rice chips in a blood-orange leche de tigre.
And now, the main course. The Carbon Bar's signature Pitmaster Platter featured all the magic that happens when meat meets wood-smoke: buttery slices of slow-smoked brisket, BBQ-seasoned burnt ends, fall-off-the-bone tender pork ribs and crunchy buttermilk fried chicken. Sides included braised collard greens, slaw and fries. Bottles of the restaurant's own barbecue sauce accompanied the main platter, including a sweet and spicy version for chicken and pork, and an espresso-based number for beef.
The main event was paired with two Ruffino wines, the Il Ducale Toscana and Aziano Chianti Classico.
Finally, for dessert, Ruffino's Serelle Vin Santo del Chianti was served…
…alongside slices of “banoffee” pie, creamy burnt Basque cheesecake with wild blueberry compote and Death by Chocolate (a glistening ganache-enrobed dark chocolate mousse cake with espresso caramel sauce.
Missed out? Don't worry: you can still register for Chef Viau's cooking class that's happening at the Maple Leaf Square Longo's on June 11 from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. Learn how to prepare all kinds of delicious brunchy dishes like buttermilk bacon pancakes or hard apple cider–smoked trout with black-eyed pea hash. Tickets are $40 (or $25 for Longo's Rewards members), including wine, and are available in store or by phoning 416-366-1717.
RICHMOND, Va. — A Virginia family returned home to find their floors and walls splattered in blood after their German Shepherd apparently attacked an intruder, according to WRIC.
Tristan Murrin said he knew something was wrong when the dog greeted him at the front door.
“We noticed something when we walked in, when I walked in with my mother and there is blood spots on the ground, we looked upstairs and you see trails of blood coming from upstairs going all the way down,” Murrin told WRIC.
Murrin said Oden is not typically aggressive. However, he said he's thankful the dog stood his ground.
“I think the dog did its job. He knew that someone was not supposed to be in my house and no one was home and he knows that he wasn't supposed to be in there and he was doing something that he wasn't supposed to be doing and so he knew to act upon it,” Murrin told WRIC.
Murrin shared photos and videos on Facebook that show the aftermath of the attempted break-in. His Facebook post has been shared over 100,000 times. He wrote:
“Last night we had a break in, luckily no one was home. My best friend Oden who is a German shepherd, protected my home and belongings when I wasn't there, I couldn't be more proud of him. Such an amazing breed that's why everyone who doesn't have an actual dog should consider on adopting or buying a dog.”
Police said no arrests have been made. The investigation is ongoing.
× Shooting in Wilkes-Barre Sends One Person to the Hospital
WILKES-BARRE — An investigation is underway in Luzerne County following a shooting in Wilkes-Barre.
Police tell Newswatch 16 one person was shot and sent to the hospital.
The shooting happened just after 10 p.m. along Wilkes Lane.
No word on the condition of the victim or if police have any suspects in that shooting.
× Making it Simpler for Students to Earn Bachelor Degree in Health Sciences
DALLAS TOWNSHIP — Misericordia University and Luzerne County Community College are teaming up to make it simpler for students to get a bachelors degree in the health sciences.
The new program easily transfers credits from the community college directly into three health-related majors at Misericordia.
“It would be very beneficial to have programs that make it easier access because it is such a great profession,” Misericordia physical therapy major Kathryn Hefner said.
Misericordia is already accepting applications for its new exercise science program and it's offering two new degree completion programs in respiratory therapy and surgical technology.
“Almost 600,000 students a year now enroll in a community college, of that number 60% of them go on to get a four-year degree. We want to give access to every student,” President of Misericordia University Thomas Botzman said.
The partnership makes it so that community college students can finish their four-year degree all while staying close to home.
“Both accessible and affordable pathways to that bachelor degree, where they don't have to think about leaving this region in order to have a good sustaining paying job,” Luzerne County Community College President Thomas Leary said.
School officials said collaborations like this are desperately needed right now, as more people in the health care field retire.
“What we're looking at is the baby boomers. As they are now set and ready to retire, who is going to replace them? We need to have our students get into the health sciences and think about replacing the baby boomers,” Dr. Deborah Vilegi-Payne, Dean of Nursing at Luzerne County Community College, said.
“This place has given me a great basis of where I want to go later in the future,” Misericordia nursing major Michael Ryan said.
The joint program begins in the spring semester.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was assaulted near Milverton Hill in Leamington.
The incident took place some time between 5pm and 6pm on Tuesday June 19, when a middle aged man grasped a woman round the throat on a footpath near the River Leam.
Two men and a woman are understood to have witnessed the incident and intervened, and took the man away from the scene. However they left without giving their details to the victim.
The suspect and his victim are known to each other and this was an isolated incident, with no risk to the wider community.
Enquiries are ongoing and officers are keen to identify and talk to the witnesses as soon as possible.
Anyone with any information is asked to call Warwickshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 104S 20062018 or crime reference number 23/25625/18546s 300518 and ask for details to be passed to the investigating officer PC Christopher Pitt.
Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 11.
The Inspiron 27 7000 is quite the impressive everyman machine, with the tools necessary to handle hefty work (and play) loads in a presentation almost anyone can understand.
In just its first year of existence within public reach, virtual reality has become the biggest buzzword in the computing world bar none, and Dell has obviously noticed. The firm's latest attempt to get VR into the mainstream is the Inspiron 27 7000 all-in-one desktop.
A 27-inch PC housing a Dell's first InfinityEdge screen on an AIO as sharp as 4K (3,840 x 2,160), the Inspiron 27 7000 includes your choice of AMD Ryzen 5 1400 or Ryzen 7 1700 processors as well as either Radeon RX560 or RX 580 Polaris graphics chips.
Both drives offer up to 32GB of RAM and spinning hard drives as large as 1TB as well as solid-state boot drive combos up to 256GB PCIe SSDs. Starting at $999 (about £779, AU$1,345), this latest Inspiron looks to bring VR to more sorts of folks than just gamers.
Design
With an ostensibly family-friendly, crowd-pleasing appearance, the Inspiron 27 7000 serves both as a computer for all sorts of folks and a vessel to get said folks into virtual worlds. To bridge that gap, however, an optional 4K HDR10 display with incredible color reproduction will have to do.
The Inspiron 27 7000's metallic back panel is removable for easier upgrades to storage and RAM, and the sturdy, angular stand has some smart cable management tools.
Dell also equipped this AIO with an infrared camera for Windows Hello login on Windows 10, for the simplest form of secure login around: your face.
As for connectivity, Dell outfitted the Inspiron 27 7000 with four USB 3.1 ports, two USB 2.0 ports, one USB Type-C port and two HDMI ports (one out; one in) for easy VR setup. Dual-band AC Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.1 round out the wireless connectivity options.
The included wireless mouse and keyboard are just fine, but nothing terribly effective or egregious either way. The travel and feedback are about as deep and punchy as you'd fine on an Inspiron laptop, well meeting standards.
Paving the way for near-ubiquitous VR
Dell's deeper motive with the Inspiron 27 7000 is to entice general customers into the world of VR. While the device costs a grand to start, it's more about the form factor of such an approachable, familiar PC bringing that technology forth than anything.
While Oculus Rift and HTC Vive should work just fine with this Inspiron, but the upcoming Dell head-mounted display should pair even better when it (hopefully) lands later this year.
Unfortunately, we weren't able to test the model's VR performance, but a unit equipped with the desktop-grade Radeon RX580 should be more than enough to handle VR games and movies. Ultimately, Dell's plan to normalize VR makes sense, and we'd like to see it work out if for anything to see VR be enjoyed by more than just gamers.
Early verdict
Dell's first Inspiron all-in-one with its InfinityEdge display impresses while staying within its price confines, confidently adopting all-AMD technology to bring VR to more types of computer users than before. This is an AIO as ready for you and family to watch 4K movies on as it is ready for you to get some Overwatch in on.
That's before even getting the VR implications, positioning the Inspiron 27 7000 as quite the impressive everyman machine, with the tools necessary to handle hefty work (and play) loads in a presentation almost anyone can understand. Stay tuned to see how the all-AMD hardware holds up in a full review.
We are sorry, but you cannot access the article/video/photo because you are not a subscriber. Click here to subscribe, or contact us at Pajhwok for more information.
Click Here For One Day Free Subscription
New Delhi: Rahul Gandhi has been elected unopposed as Congress president, party's central election authority head Mullappally Ramachandran announced on Monday.
He will collect the certificate formally declaring his ascension to the post on December 16, he told reporters in the national capital.
The 47-year-old scion of the Nehru-Gandhi family was the lone candidate in the fray. Rahul succeeds his mother Sonia Gandhi, who remained in the post for 19 years.
Congratulations poured in for Rahul from Congress leaders across the country who expressed happiness on his elevation as party president.
Following are some of the reactions:
The entire Indian National Congress family would like to convey our best wishes to incoming President Rahul Gandhi, and wish him a successful tenure as he continues to lead from the front. #CongressPresidentRahulGandhi pic.twitter.com/3md3zzFYux — Congress (@INCIndia) December 11, 2017
#CongressPresidentRahulGandhi A Momentous Event In The History Of Indian National Congress. Congratulations @OfficeOfRG & Wishing You All The Best. — INC Telangana (@INCTelangana) December 11, 2017
We from Mumbai Congress congratulate Shri Rahul Gandhi on being elected as the President of Indian National Congress. #CongressPresidentRahulGandhi pic.twitter.com/Y02X2j1toJ — MumbaiCongress (@INCMumbai) December 11, 2017
We congratulate Shri Rahul Gandhiji on being elected as the President of @INCIndia. #CongressPresidentRahulGandhi pic.twitter.com/IuvXWV2gIW — Gujarat Congress (@INCGujarat) December 11, 2017
Congratulations to Shri. Rahul Gandhi for being announced as the President of the Indian National Congress.#CongressPresidentRahulGandhi pic.twitter.com/JQ8ZhTfeCC — Karnataka Congress (@INCKarnataka) December 11, 2017
Shri Rahul Gandhi is our new President. We wish him a very successful day ahead. #CongressPresidentRahulGandhi pic.twitter.com/vlNrHuppNH — Kerala PCC (@INCKerala) December 11, 2017
Heartiest congratulations to @OfficeOfRG on All India Congress Committee's Central Election Authority officially announcing his election as President of @INCIndia #CongressPresidentRahulGandhi. Mahila Congress looks forward to working under his leadership. pic.twitter.com/ywBywUQe9f — Mahila Congress (@MahilaCongress) December 11, 2017
Congratulations to @OfficeOfRG on being elected President of INC! The country is looking forward to ur leadership! Satyamev Jayate! — Jyotiraditya Scindia (@JM_Scindia) December 11, 2017
Many congratulations to @OfficeOfRG on becoming the next president of INC.More strength to u 2fight for the principles that india stands for — Sachin Pilot (@SachinPilot) December 11, 2017
Congratulations @OfficeOfRG for being elected unopposed as @INCIndia president. I am sure the party will see not just revival but massive growth under your able and dynamic leadership.#CongressPresidentRahulGandhi — Capt.Amarinder Singh (@capt_amarinder) December 11, 2017
Congratulations to Rahul Gandhiji for becoming the president of @INCIndia ! Congress party will achieve greater heights & continue to reflect the voice & aspiration of people under his able leadership! #CongressPresidentRahulGandhi pic.twitter.com/hCZXipWCqP — Arjun Modhwadia (@arjunmodhwadia) December 11, 2017
I extend my best wishes to Rahul ji for becoming president of @INCIndia, his leadership & guidance will rejuvenate the Party with new zeal and enthusiasm! #CongressPresidentRahulGandhi pic.twitter.com/ev8k9NXxKQ — Bharat Solanki (@BharatSolankee) December 11, 2017
A Gr8 day for all of us. @OfficeOfRG is declared Congress President today.My congratulations to him & I hv full faith that under his leadership we will take up the cause of common ppl more aggressively & succeed.#CongressPresidentRahulGandhi pic.twitter.com/vJJBCdQnCt — Sanjay Nirupam (@sanjaynirupam) December 11, 2017
As we celebrate RG becoming President, I also want to pay a heartfelt tribute to our outgoing President, Mrs. Sonia Gandhi, for her dignified leadership and dedicated service to the country & to @INCIndia. We look forward to your continued guidance. #CongressPresidentRahulGandhi — Salman Anees Soz (@SalmanSoz) December 11, 2017
Proud to share this joyous & historical moment with fellow Congresspersons #CongressPresidentRahulGandhi https://t.co/tCuBsgOibM — Pawan Khera (@Pawankhera) December 11, 2017
Joyous moment for the party as we celebrate the appointment of @OfficeOfRG as the President of @INCIndia . Beginning of a new, energised, positive and progressive era in the party under his leadership. #CongressPresidentRahulGandhi — Priyanka Chaturvedi (@priyankac19) December 11, 2017
#CongressPresidentRahulGandhi : A great human being. A compassionate man. A far-sighted visionary. A relentless fighter for the marginalized. A true-blue believer in liberal values. A secular democrat. A long-distance runner. Welcome @OfficeOfRG ! https://t.co/JS3LK4WUi7 — Sanjay Jha (@JhaSanjay) December 11, 2017
#CongressPresidentRahulGandhi is someone who always think about bringing transparency in the system & that's what makes him an acknowledged persona, something which is missing today.
RTI is the perfect example of how much @INCIndia and @OfficeOfRG is concerned about transparency. — NSUI (@nsui) December 11, 2017
- Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad said Rahul had shown a lot of mettle over a period of time and will be able to execute his responsibility well. "Entire country has a lot of expectations from Rahul Gandhi. He has shown his mettle over a period of time and particularly in the ongoing election in Gujarat. He knows his responsibility and priorities very well."
- Echoing similar sentiments, former Assam CM Tarun Gogoi said at the time when the situation is `the worst under the ruling government`, elevation of Rahul will prove to be good. "In such time Rahul Gandhi has been elected as party president. In Gujarat, he has proved he is the only candidate who can be relied upon and he is even facing PM Narendra Modi confidently," Gogoi told ANI.
- Meanwhile, the Congress worker and leaders across the nation are celebrating with great zeal. Scores of workers even gathered in front of the Congress office raising slogans for Rahul and distributing sweets.
(With Agency inputs)
Honda has added limited edition models to its CR-V and Jazz line-ups.
Dubbed the +Sport, the new additions feature thousands of dollars of extras and, interestingly, aren't based on each vehicle's top-spec models as these types of limited runs often are.
The CR-V +Sport is based on the entry level two-wheel-drive VTI and adds 18-inch alloy wheels, Honda's Lane Watch tech, front and rear parking sensors, rear privacy glass, a black sports grille and a ‘+Sport' badge.
At $32,490 plus on roads - or $35,490 drive-away - it's $1900 more than the VTI, but Honda says it adds $4100 worth of gear.
Camera Icon Honda Jazz +Sport.
The Jazz +Sport meanwhile, is based on the mid-spec VTi-S and adds similar fare to the CR-V: 16-inch gloss black alloys, gloss black rear licence plate garnish, rear parking sensors and a +Sport badge.
At $20,590, it's $600 more than the VTi-S but has $1600 of extras.
Honda Australia director Stephen Collins said limited editions such as these have caught buyers' eyes.
“Where possible we add in limited edition models which have always been popular with our customers as they represent even better value for money for a limited time,” he said.
“I know our customers will once again see that value in our limited edition Jazz +Sport and CR-V +Sport, both of which are on sale from today.”
OMAHA (DTN) — After debuting last week at a pace equal to the five-year average, U.S. corn planting progress fell behind normal in USDA's weekly Crop Progress report released Monday afternoon. USDA estimated 6% of the nation's corn crop was planted as of Sunday, behind last year's pace of 12% and also behind the five-year average pace of 9%.
The delay in planting was due to frequent and widespread showers across the Corn Belt last week, DTN Senior Ag Meteorologist Bryce Anderson explained in an Ag Weather Forum blog (http://bit.ly/…).
USDA's estimate for corn planting progress is moderately bullish for the corn market, said DTN Analyst Todd Hultman.
USDA also reported that 19% of U.S. winter wheat was headed as of Sunday, April 16, up from 11% a year ago and also up from the five-year average of 13% headed.
“Fifty-four percent of the winter wheat crop was rated good to excellent, resulting in a DTN Winter Wheat Condition Index of 133, up 2 points from a week ago,” Hultman said. “The index is down from 146 a year ago, but above the five-year average of 106. Monday's report is bearish for winter wheat.”
Meanwhile, spring wheat planting was reported at 13% complete as of Sunday, down from last year's 25% and also below the five-year average of 21% planted.
“Monday's report is slightly bullish for spring wheat,” Hultman said.
In other crop reports, sorghum was 21% planted, compared to 16% last year and a 20% five-year average. Cotton planting was 8% complete, compared to 7% last year and a 9% average. Rice was 55% planted, compared to 46% last year and a 37% average. Twenty-five percent of rice was emerged.
Oats were 45% planted as of April 16, compared to 53% last year and a 52% average. Emergence was at 29%, compared to 29% last year and a 35% average.
National Crop Progress Summary This Last Last 5-Year Week Week Year Avg. Corn Planted 6 3 12 9 Winter Wheat Headed 19 9 11 13 Spring Wheat Planted 13 5 25 21 Cotton Planted 8 6 7 9 Sorghum Planted 21 18 16 20 Oats Planted 45 33 53 52 Oats Emerged 29 26 29 35 Barley Planted 13 9 31 28 Rice Planted 55 31 46 37 Rice Emerged 25 13 18 17
National Crop Condition Summary (VP=Very Poor; P=Poor; F=Fair; G=Good; E=Excellent) This Week Last Year VP P F G E VP P F G E VP P F G E Winter Wht 3 10 33 46 8 3 10 34 46 7 2 7 34 48 9
NEBRASKA
LINCOLN, Neb. April 17, 2017 – For the week ending April 16, 2017, temperatures averaged four to six degrees above normal, according to the USDA's National Agricultural Statistics Service. Rainfall of an inch or more was limited to portions of the eastern half of the State. Dry soil moisture conditions continued in southwestern Nebraska. The first fields of corn were planted, however, fieldwork in most areas was limited to spring tillage and fertilizer application. There were 4.8 days suitable for fieldwork.
Topsoil moisture supplies rated 5 percent very short, 18 short, 74 adequate, and 3 surplus. Subsoil moisture supplies rated 7 percent very short, 23 short, 68 adequate, and 2 surplus.
Field Crops Report: Corn planted was 3 percent, near 6 last year, and equal to the five-year average.
Winter wheat condition rated 1 percent very poor, 8 poor, 38 fair, 46 good, and 7 excellent. Winter wheat jointed was 7 percent, behind 17 last year and 13 average.
Oats planted was 70 percent, near 68 last year and 66 average. Oats emerged was 26 percent, ahead of 20 last year, and near 22 average.
Livestock, Pasture and Range Report: Cattle and calf conditions rated 0 percent very poor, 0 poor, 15 fair, 71 good, and 14 excellent. Calving progress was 82 percent complete, near 84 last year and 83 average. Cattle and calf death loss rated 1 percent heavy, 65 average, and 34 light.
Sheep and lamb conditions rated 0 percent very poor, 1 poor, 22 fair, 68 good, and 9 excellent. Sheep and lamb death loss rated 1 percent heavy, 74 average, and 25 light.
Hay and roughage supplies rated 1 percent very short, 4 short, 91 adequate, and 4 surplus.
Stock water supplies rated 1 percent very short, 5 short, 93 adequate, and 1 surplus.
KANAS
MANHATTAN, Kan. April 17, 2017 – For the week ending April 16, 2017, temperatures were six to ten degrees above normal, according to the USDA's National Agricultural Statistics Service. Central and eastern counties continued to receive rainfall, while most western counties remained dry. The additional rainfall aided pasture and wheat development, but continued to delay corn planting in many areas. Powdery mildew and stripe rust have been identified in some wheat fields. There were 4.0 days suitable for fieldwork. Topsoil moisture rated 4 percent very short, 13 short, 70 adequate, and 13 surplus. Subsoil moisture rated 5 percent very short, 20 short, 70 adequate, and 5 surplus.
Field Crops Report: Winter wheat condition rated 4 percent very poor, 12 poor, 33 fair, 45 good, and 6 excellent. Winter wheat jointed was 65 percent, behind 75 last year, but ahead of the five-year average of 58. Headed was 9 percent, ahead of 3 last year, and near 6 average. Corn planted was 9 percent, well behind 32 last year, and behind 18 average.
Livestock Report: Cattle and calf conditions rated 0 percent very poor, 2 poor, 21 fair, 69 good, and 8 excellent. Calving progress was 91 percent complete, near 90 last year. Cattle and calf death loss rated 1 percent heavy, 55 average, and 44 light.
Sheep and lamb conditions rated 0 percent very poor, 1 poor, 14 fair, 82 good, and 3 excellent. Lambing progress was 96 percent complete. Sheep and lamb death loss rated 1 percent heavy, 60 average, and 39 light.
Hay and roughage supplies rated 1 percent very short, 7 short, 83 adequate, and 9 surplus. Stock water supplies were 1 percent very short, 7 short, 80 adequate, and 12 surplus.
× ‘The worst pain you can imagine' – Trooper Shot at Barracks Testifies against Eric Frein
MILFORD — Calling it, “the worst pain you can imagine,” the trooper who survived the ambush at the barracks describes what it was like on the night when he and another state trooper were shot.
Trooper Alex Douglass, one of two shot that night, and the only one to survive, told jurors all he's been through since the sniper attack in September of 2014.
Trooper Douglass limped to the stand late Monday afternoon and relived that night at the Blooming Grove barracks when he was shot and Corporal Dickson was murdered.
As prosecutors in Pike County get closer to resting their case against Eric Frein, one of the key witnesses in the death penalty case took the stand.
Trooper Douglass remembered showing up at the Blooming Grove barracks for an overnight shift when he heard a loud bang which he said sounded like a firework exploding.
“As I walked over to Corporal Dickson to see what the issue was, that's when I got shot. I went down to my knees. Luckily, I was by the front doors and was able to crawl into the station. At that point, I knew someone was shooting at us. I crawled on my arms, dragged my legs, and I couldn't feel my legs at the time,” Douglass recalled in an interview in 2015.
He told jurors that getting shot felt like getting hit in the back with a baseball bat and it was probably the worst pain you could imagine. He said it felt like his whole body was on fire.
As troopers did what they could to save Douglass' life, Corporal Bryon Dickson did not survive the ambush.
In this story The Trial of Eric Frein
Douglass testified saying, “I knew either some coward or cowards are shooting at us from across the street.”
Douglass began to go into shock couldn't feel his legs and thought he might be paralyzed.
Since the shooting, Douglass has undergone 18 surgeries and battled infections. He explained to the jury he had to relearn how to live life and will likely be plagued by his injuries for the rest of his life.
Earlier in the day, prosecutors gave the jury a look at what keywords were searched on Eric Frein's laptop, the same laptop computer found in that abandoned airplane hangar near Tannersville.
A few days before the 2014 attack at the Blooming Grove state police barracks in Pike County, Frein searched police in Honesdale, Newfoundland, Hawley, and PA SWAT.
Within 24 hours before the deadly ambush, Frein searched, “understanding police procedures,” and “how to respond to an officer down.”
More than a month later, state police computer experts told Jurors Frein began using open Wi-Fi internet accounts at homes even, one in East Stroudsburg after a five-mile hike from the hangar and back at night.
Frein looked up Blooming Grove and Bryon Dickson, and even wanted posters of himself on the FBI's ten most wanted fugitives list.
Corporal Derek Fozard then read a letter from Frein to his parents found on a USB thumb drive after his capture.
It read, in part:
“Our nation is far from what it was and what it should be. I've seen so many depressing changes.
“The time seems right for a spark to ignite a fire in the hearts of men.
“I am sorry. You are good parents, I'm not a good son.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The sun is shining and the pints are flowing. Where better to enjoy a frosty cold one than the pub of the year?
The Maypole pub has been voted CAMRA's Cambridge Pub of the Year 2018.
The family-run freehouse in Portugal Place has been a firm favourite with locals, students and loyal customers for many years. (It's actually where I bought my first legal drink.)
Keep up to date with the latest food and drink news Are you a lover of all things food and drink? Keep up to date with the latest foodie trends with our Cambridge food and drink Facebook page. No ads, no spam, just the latest food and drink news direct to your Facebook feed, wherever you are. To get your foodie fix simply click here to join the group.
Mario and Christine Castiglione started running the pub in 1982.
The couple were then joined by son Vincent in 1988 and now a third generation is helping out, with Vincent's sons working there too.
(Image: Keith Jones)
Vincent Castiglione said: “We are thrilled to have been recognised by CAMRA for this prestigious award. As a freehouse, we are proud to support many local microbreweries and it's a pleasure to be able to offer so much choice to our loyal customers.”
Alongside an impressive range of beers, the pub stocks up to 16 real ales on hand pumps and an extensive variety of over 40 gins which are available from the new gin bar.
The pub has also recently refurbished its first floor meeting and dining area, which is proving to be popular with the punters.
It's also made a name for itself among foodies, as a hotspot for brilliant breakfasts and excellent Italian dishes.
(Image: Keith Heppell)
It's been a good week for Cambridge pubs, after The Salisbury Arms was voted the best pub in the county by the National Pub and Bar Awards on Monday.
George King, general manager at The Salisbury Arms said: "We are astounded by the continued support of our guests, and after three years, it just keeps growing! Thank you to everyone that voted, and we hope to see you soon!"
Minecraft is the biggest (paid) gaming sensation of the last decade, racking up more than 100 million downloads across platforms and still growing in popularity after several years. It's hugely popular with young kids, has a vibrant fan community, and even is used in classrooms for educational purposes. And now you can play it on the Apple TV.
Released right before Christmas, Minecraft: Apple TV Edition is essentially a big-screen conversion of the Minecraft: Pocket Edition you might know well from iPhone and iPad. It's not only the biggest game to hit the Apple TV to date, but also simultaneously the highest-profile game on the device to require a gamepad—you won't be able to play with the Siri Remote. And that's for the best, because it means that Minecraft isn't diminished in this new incarnation.
Block by block
Minecraft on Apple TV offers essentially the same experience as Pocket Edition, which itself follows the same core tenets as the original Minecraft on Mac and PC: it's all about little blocks. Like a modern-day digital take on LEGO, you'll wield pixelated blocks of all sorts—dirt, sand, iron ore, and much more—in your charmingly jagged world. You can use them to build a house, a city, a detailed re-creation of the Millennium Falcon… or anything else, really.
You'll also bash them to bits as you dig into the ground and mountains, exploring beneath the surface to mine all sorts of minerals. And then you'll craft, of course, using the myriad blocks you've accumulated to build swords, shovels, pickaxes, fishing rods, and other tools to help you in the lo-fi wilds. As ever, Minecraft is about as loosely structured as a game can be. You're dropped into a world with no tutorial, a minimal on-screen interface, and no objectives or storyline. It's up to you to find meaning and fun in each randomly generated world you enter.
IDG Be friendly with the blocky wildlife… or punch them until they turn into beef and leather.
Luckily, that's not difficult: the allure of freeform, trial-and-error exploration reveals surprises and secrets along the way, especially as you learn the ropes in the Survival mode, and there's real joy in forging your own adventure in the face of unexpected challenge. With vicious block monsters appearing every night, you'll need to utilize the resources around you to build shelter, craft better tools, and ultimately find your way to the final realm, called The End.
Meanwhile, in Creative Mode, you have all of the tools, blocks, and resources ready in your arsenal, and you can even soar through the air—all of which allows you to build massive structures and create your own experiences along the way. And you can also connect to online servers for multiplayer in either mode, and play with fellow fan-made maps and makeshift minigames.
IDG The Apple TV Edition comes with a pretty cool bonus bundle of Christmas content right now, even if its immediate relevance has passed.
Playing Minecraft with a proper gamepad is so much better than using virtual buttons on your iPhone or iPad. While that's adequate enough, there's nothing quite like the steady, tactile sensation of feeling an analog stick and buttons under your thumbs, not to mention having an unencumbered view of the game on your TV. I'm using the SteelSeries Nimbus ($50), which is still the best of the bunch with Apple TV and iOS MFi gamepads, and Minecraft plays as well here as it does on other consoles and computers. While it'll take a fairly sizable investment to start playing, it's the only option that makes sense on the Apple TV: trying to comfortably squeeze all of the controls onto the limited Siri Remote seems an impossible task.
Double up?
Minecraft: Apple TV Edition is almost identical to Pocket Edition in nearly every respect. It has the same content as the recent 1.0 release of Pocket Edition, which also supports gamepads. However, the Apple TV Edition lacks a couple of features right now: support for Realms, the official service for setting up and running private Minecraft servers, as well the ability to sign in to Xbox Live and add friends via the service. Both of those features are in development, which is great, but it's no surprise that the Apple TV Edition's $20 price tag is throwing some Pocket Edition owners for a loop.
IDG Dig into the earth to find rare minerals. Ooh, redstone (and lava, too)!
While many purchased iOS games are then free to download on Apple TV, Minecraft: Apple TV Edition has its own $20 price tag that is separate from Pocket Edition's paltry $7 charge. Seven bucks for Minecraft on your iPhone is a steal, while $20 for a home console version feels spot-on. However, given that you're essentially getting a blown-up version of Pocket Edition, it seems strange that you're asked to pay again, not to mention at a much higher price.
It's a matter of Mojang and Microsoft following their usual playbook here, in which console versions of Minecraft cost $20, while Apple's shared platform could allow for one purchase to cover iOS and Apple TV versions alike. But that's their choice to make, and now it's yours too. At least early buyers get a free add-on pack bundle that brings in a Christmas-themed environment, costumes, and other small digital goodies.
IDG Connect to online servers to play with friends or other random fans.
The Mac version is a bit more feature rich than this one (and is $27 by comparison), but playing on a TV with a gamepad is definitely preferable to using an iOS device. If you or your kids are still over the moon about Minecraft—or haven't played and think it could be up your alley—then this may be $20 very well spent. Minecraft is infinitely replayable and Mojang keeps expanding its feature set, while online servers offer further modes and experiences. On the other hand, if you have Pocket Edition and are either perfectly content with it or don't play much anymore, then there's little point in buying the same game again at three times the cost.
Bottom line
Minecraft shines on the Apple TV, as playing on a big screen with a comfortable controller is even more alluring than playing on your iPhone or iPad—and it's about on par with the Mac version in terms of overall experience. However, the price discrepancy with the Pocket Edition and need to buy this version separately may throw some fans for a loop.
EMERGENCY services have called off the search for teenager Ali Mosawi who went missing in the water at Pebbly Beach on Saturday afternoon.
Grafton police officer Inspector Jo Reid said the search would resume at first light on Tuesday morning. Tragically, it has now entered the recovery phase.
"We've done as much as we could for the day, and we'll head back out tomorrow with water police and a land-based beach patrol in the hope he'll turn up," she told The Daily Examiner.
"The search will be scaled right back today and if it's not concluded we will reassess after that."
UPDATE, 8AM MONDAY: Police have resumed the search for Ali Mosawi missing southeast of Grafton.
Police officers from Coffs/Clarence Local Area Command began an extensive search for the missing 17-year-old boy on Saturday afternoon with the assistance of local surf rescue personnel and the Westpac Lifesaver Helicopter. However, the boy was unable to be located.
The search was suspended at about 6pm yesterday and resumed again this morning, and will involve local police assisted by officers from Marine Area Command, including police divers, as well as volunteers from Surf Live Saving NSW, Westpac Lifesaver Helicopter and other agencies.
Police are urging anyone with information on the incident to call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or use the Crime Stoppers online reporting page. People are reminded they should not report crime information via social media pages.
>> RELATED STORY: Friends pay tribute to teen feared drowned
Ali Mosawi, 17, became caught in a rip at Pebbly Beach in the Yuraygir National Park, 55km north of Coffs Harbour, just before 4pm on Saturday, 15th April, 2017.
ORIGINAL STORY, SUNDAY, 10AM: Police resumed a search at first light on this morning for a missing 17-year-old boy who got into difficulty while swimming at Pebbly Beach, south of Grafton, on Saturday.
Police have been told the teenager was swimming at the isolated and unpatrolled beach with four other people near the camping area in the Yuraygir National Park, when the group were washed into a rip current just before 4pm.
The other members of the group managed to get to shore but the 17-year-old boy did not return to land. It was understood that he was not a strong swimmer. A member of the public noticed the incident and contacted emergency services.
After reports of the incident began to emerge a multi-agency rescue effort was immediately launched.
Officers from Coffs/Clarence Local Area Command began an extensive search for the missing teenager, with the assistance of local surf rescue personnel and the Westpac Lifesaver Helicopter; while three jet skis crewed by members of the public scanned for several hours after the alarm was raised however the boy was unable to be located.
Ali Mosawi, 17, became caught in a rip at Pebbly Beach in the Yuraygir National Park, 55km north of Coffs Harbour, just before 4pm on Saturday, 15th April, 2017.
Emergency services attended and treated one of the other boys who had taken on a lot of water. He was taken to Coffs Harbour Health Campus for treatment and is expected to make a full recovery.
The search was suspended due to low light conditions at 6pm Saturday after fading light made it unsafe for the operation to continue safely. Sunday's search will included members of the Marine Area Command, including police divers, to assist.
Conditions for the rescuers yesterday had been described as "challenging" with the swell around the 2-4ft mark and visibility to the bottom less than a metre.
A massive search will to continue today and updates will be provided as they come to hand.
Newbold Comyn Leisure Centre in Leamington will reopen to the public on Monday with a new gym and refurbished swimming pool among other features.
Sports and leisure operator Everyone Active is inviting people from in and around the town to try some of the new facilities free of charge.
Bookable two-hour taster sessions for the pool will take place on Monday August 21 from 9am to 5pm and on Tuesday August 22 from 9am to 8pm.
Visitors will also be able to have a tour of the new 100-station fitness suite on both days with Everyone Active members being able to use the facilities straight away.
And all of the facilities improved under phase-one of the works will be open for general use from Wednesday August 23.
Toni Gaskins, area contract manager for Everyone Active said: “We are really excited to unveil this fantastic facility to the community.
“As the longest-established leisure operator in the UK, we are committed to delivering improved leisure centre facilities in the areas we operate in.
“I would invite anyone who is looking to lead a healthier and more active lifestyle to visit the centre to find out how we can support them on their fitness journey.”
The events will mark the successful completion of phase-one.
Along with the fitness suite, which has been kitted out with modern TechoGym equipment, and the swimming pool two new fitness studios have been added to the centre with one being dedicated to spinning classes.
The centre's current changing rooms have had a much-needed refurbishment and will be used by swimmers and gym users temporarily until new poolside changing rooms are built as part of phase two of the project.
This phase is due to be completed in spring 2018 and will also include a new four- badminton court sports hall, cafeteria and ‘clip n climb' climbing wall.
A £4 million chunk of the £14.5 million being spent on both this project and the refurbishment of St Nicholas Park Leisure Centre's swimming pool has gone towards the installation of new systems in the ‘plant rooms' at the centres, which cover operations such as heating, pool heating and water filtration to make both sites run more efficiently and economically.
Cllr Michael Coker, Warwick District Council's portfolio holder for culture, said: “I'm delighted to see the much anticipated opening of Newbold Comyn and the completion of phase one of our ambitious leisure centre development programme.
“I very much hope that local people will come along and try out the wonderful new facilities in particular the state-of-the-art fitness studios and gym.
“Don't forget there's much more to come with the opening of the refurbished swimming pool and new changing facilities at St Nicholas Park and the completion of both centres in Spring 2018.”
For more information about the open days and the leisure centre call 882083 or click here.
6601 - Jadon #Sancho is the youngest Englishman to score in #Bundesliga history (6601 days old). Jewel. @BVB #BVBB04 pic.twitter.com/ExSLeY5NQ1
"No will, no passion, no courage, no team - nobody embodies Borussia Dortmund less than you!"
The #BVB ultras are NOT happy.
@Dagobert95 pic.twitter.com/aAT3Cu9trf
HEART disease is the leading killer of women in Australia with 22 women dying from the condition daily.
As part of the Heart Foundation's Heart of the Matter month long campaign, women are being encouraged to book their heart health check with their doctor in June.
Women are also less likely to talk to the GP about heart disease than men and Foundation SA chief executive officer Imelda Lynch said it's time for women to put their heart first and find out if they are at risk of a heart attack.
Ms Lynch said there are risk factors such as high blood pressure, high cholesterol, smoking, being overweight or inactive — that increase the risk of heart disease that can be easily checked in a 20-minute consultation with their doctor.
Camera Icon Heart Foundation SA CEO Imelda Lynch. Picture: Supplied, Nikki Barr
“The Heart Foundation encourages all women, to get a Health Check with their GP this June as it is the best way to find out your risk of heart disease and heart attack,'' Ms Lynch said.
“We do not want a heart attack to be the first sign that something is wrong and having information about your own heart health gives you the power to make the changes you need to.''
Less than ten years ago, only 20 per cent of Australian women knew heart disease was the female leading cause of death but campaigning by the Heart Foundation has increased women's awareness to 33 per cent.
Organisations in the metropolitan or regional areas can contact Heart Foundation SA to run “warning signs” community presentations by calling the Heart Foundation Helpline on 13 11 12.
The month-long campaign was launched today at a Heart of the Matter breakfast at the Hilton Hotel.
www.heartfoundation.org.au/one-conversation
PRESS RELEASE People's Daily: Let China Invest, Engineer New U.S. Infrastructure Dec. 30, 2016 (EIRNS)—In an editorial Dec. 30, China's Communist Party's newspaper, People's Daily, published a bold proposal to the incoming Trump Administration that China could both invest heavily in, and help build with new technologies, the new economic infrastructure Donald Trump has called for. Headlined "Fixing America will require Trump to be bold, and work with China," the editorial cleverly uses the example of the extraordinary "world's highest bridges" China has built with revolutionary bridge-building technology. It reads as follows. "In U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's book, Great Again, he said, ‘You go to countries like China ... and you look at their train systems and their public transport. It's so much better. We're like a third-world country.' Despite his tough talk, Trump admires China for its GDP growth and for its infrastructure investment and engineering. He sees that, while America is aging and falling behind in certain areas, China is growing and moving forward. The U.S. can learn from China on infrastructure building, and benefit from its successes. "China is leading the world in infrastructure investment and engineering. China's Beipan River bridge, which connects Guizhou and Yunnan provinces, is a 4,400-feet-long cable-stayed suspension bridge that hangs 1,854 feet in the sky. That is equivalent to 200 stories, roughly the height of four Trump Towers stacked. "Another example is Guizhou's high-speed railway bridge connecting Shanghai and Kunming. This amazing achievement caught the attention of some foreign scholars. Duke University Professor Ralph Litzinger (@BeijingNomad) said, ‘Serious infrastructure investment in China makes the [U.S.] look like a backward country.' Kingston University Professor Steve Keen (@ProfSteveKeen) called it ‘an example of China's impressive engineering, and said Trump could learn a lot from [China] about infrastructure planning. "America may be the contemporary example on building a great country, but China is the contemporary example on rebuilding a great country. The two massive bridges in Guizhou are a tiny example of China's strength in infrastructure investment and engineering. No other country in the world has lifted more than double the size of America's entire population out of poverty in such a short period of time. Since then, China has opened the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, and is building the Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road. These are massive cooperation projects, and the hallmark of modern-day China. Meanwhile, America cannot even realize high-speed rail after years and years of planning. Rather than bash China, perhaps America should learn from and work with China. "Trump wants to spend $1 trillion on infrastructure upgrades in America to rebuild the nation and put people back to work. The problem is how to pay for it, and how to do it. China knows how to fund and carry out serious infrastructure building, and deep-pocketed Chinese investors want to invest billions more in America. One way for Trump to realize his plan would be to use Chinese funds and technology. This would help return some of America's investment in China back to America for the benefit of America, and strengthen the bilateral relationship. "Trump's plan to rebuild America is bold, but it remains to be seen if he will be bold enough to do what is best for America."
Posted 1 hour ago
Are we forgetting that there is a crisis in the health sector? President Uhuru Kenyatta appeared to dash any hopes of a peaceful resolution to the health
OHIO VALLEY — As of July 1, Holzer is now utilizing athenaOne®, an electronic health record system (EHR) that includes practice management and patient engagement services.
Holzer's new platform is innovative, intuitive, and structured to respond more efficiently to change than past systems. The healthcare landscape is ever evolving and, after much consideration, an upgraded EHR system was determined the best option to continue advancing our services. This system will benefit both patients and staff.
“As technology in the medical industry continues to evolve, Holzer is proud to offer these advancements for our communities,” shared Michael Canady, MD, Chief Executive Officer, Holzer Health System. “Our organization will continue to provide excellent service, every time for our friends, family members, and loved ones who receive care at our facilities.”
The documentation process with athenaOne® is user friendly, which is beneficial for a patient's diagnosis, treatment plan, and prescription order.
“Holzer's new EHR system removes unnecessary processes, allowing providers and clinical team members more quality time with patients and visitors,” stated Rodney Stout, MD, Chief Medical Officer, Holzer Health System. “We are excited to move forward with this development that will enhance our patients' and visitors' experience within our health system.”
Holzer employees interacting with the EHR received comprehensive training to enhance operations and meet our patients' needs. Our providers and staff are prepared for the EHR transition and ready to assist patients that visit any Holzer facility throughout this process.
To better meet our community's health needs, our health system offers MyHolzer.com, a patient portal available to schedule appointments, request prescription refills, send a note to your physician, and much more. With the new EHR system implementation, current and new portal members must create a patient account at myholzer.com. We encourage you to utilize our secure patient portal for upcoming appointments and requests, as well as to view your personal patient information. To create your account, visit www.myholzer.com to begin the registration process.
Holzer Health System is proud to continue growth of our services for our communities, and looks forward to a bright future. Our health system provides unparalleled access to leading technology, right here at home. With all our employees, providers and high-level services, the Holzer family's mission to achieve patient-centered excellence will continue to thrive. For more information on services available within the Holzer system, visit www.holzer.org or call 1-855-4-HOLZER.
Submitted by Holzer Health System.
MOSS POINT, Miss. -- When Kreole Elementary Principal Brooks Delk woke up Monday morning, he had a head full of hair -- by 1 p.m., his head was completely bald.
The reason?
Students at Kreole raised a total of $3000 for Pennies for Patients, a non-profit program sponsored by the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society.
Pennies for Patients program is for elementary and middle schools that are interested in supporting the LLS in their mission to create a world without cancer by conducting a fundraising campaign.
By participating in Pennies for Patients, teachers and administrators have opportunities to incorporate a unique STEM curriculum into their classrooms that give students an insider's look into LLS-funded research, and where their money gets invested.
Last year, Kreole raised $2700 for LLS and this year, according to Delk, the students reached their goal by $30. Because they did, he kept his promise to allow two students to shave his head completely bald.
Local barber Eric Barnes made sure Delk kept his beard intact and guided students, Kennedy and Josiah to shave and properly cut Delk's hair.
Students packed the auditorium to witness the feat -- many excited, while some shielded their eyes because they were afraid how he would look after the cut was complete.
Assistant principal Carol Jackson kept the spectacle light, interacting with the students and Delk during the process.
"How are you feeling Mr. Delk," she asked. He responded saying, "I'm good, can't wait to see the finished result."
During the process, the students gave Delk a bulk of confidence while chanting and shouting the phrase, "you look great" repeatedly while he was having his head shaved.
When asked how it felt to shave their principal's head, Kennedy said she was excited, while Josiah said he was nervous.
"It felt good to shave his head because I knew today was the day we would be shaving it," Kennedy said.
"I was nervous because I thought I was going to skin his head," Josiah said. "My dad cut hair before, so I had an idea kind of what I was doing."
TORONTO — Corus Entertainment Inc. says it and Bell Media Inc. have agreed to end a deal on two Quebec specialty television channels after the proposed sale was blocked by the Commissioner of Competition.
Corus said on Monday it was reviewing the commissioner's rejection of the deal to sell French-language channels Historia and Series+ to Bell.
When the companies announced the sale in October 2017, they valued the transaction at about $200 million.
In addition to Competition Act approval, the deal had required approval from the CRTC.
Vita Materials is a prominent foam converter and supplier, forming part of the AM Group. We deliver to a global market from our specialist facility in Belfast, Northern Ireland. We develop, create and deliver professional products for use in industrial packaging, medical and pharmaceutical applications, as well as specially designed composite infills. Vita Materials are proud to have worked with multiple blue-chip companies across numerous sectors.
Ensuring impeccable results for your project by employing our vast experience in foam conversion, which ranges from specialist packaging foams to the latest generation of graphite polyurethane foam components for the aerospace seating industry. We will guide you through the whole process while recommending the most efficient materials and design considerations to meet your specifications.
Vita Materials research and introduce new materials to facilitate the evolving needs of our customers, and will undertake developmental work in partnership with our clients to produce unique products of the highest quality.
Our exceptional service is focused on the customer and their individual requirements so you can rely on our dedicated support throughout your project. Foam Sheet Suppliers
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's one of the biggest events in Apple 's calendar every year, and now the Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) 2018 is nearly upon us.
The week-long event is for software developers, but in the past, Apple has also made several hardware announcements - including the HomePod speaker in 2017.
During the conference, Apple puts on training courses and developer workshops, but the event usually kicks off with a keynote announcing the major updates.
This year, rumours suggest that Apple could make a range of exciting announcements, including a new ‘budget' iPhone SE and wireless charging pad.
Here's everything you need to know about WWDC 2018.
(Image: REUTERS)
When is WWDC 2018?
The conference will take place from June 4-8.
The keynote presentation, where Apple is likely to make its big announcements, takes place on June 4 at 18:00 BST (10:00 PT).
Where is it?
WWDC is held in the San Jose Convention Centre in San Jose, California.
How can I watch it?
Mirror.co.uk will be live-streaming the keynote speech, and keeping you up-to-date with the main announcements.
Alternatively, you can watch the event directly from Apple's website here.
What will Apple announce?
While most of Apple's announcements are likely to be around software, including updated operating systems for Mac, iPhone , Apple TV and Apple Watch , there may also be some new hardware revealed.
Software updates
We're likely to see a preview of the next operating systems - iOS 12, macOS 10.14, watchOS5 and tvOS 12.
In particular, rumours suggest that Apple will make changes to macOS that allow the operating system to run iOS apps, while other updates will focus on security and stability.
However, the updates are unlikely to be made available to the public until later in the year.
Apple may also reveal details about its Apple TV plans, with rumours suggesting that the firm could take on Netflix with original content.
iPhone SE
While Apple's flagship smartphones tend to come with eye-watering price tags, the firm has previously released a line of SE phones that are more budget-friendly.
And rumours suggest that Apple could be releasing an updated iPhone SE at WWDC.
Evan Blass, a reliable leaker, tweeted that the phone will simply be called ‘iPhone SE (2018).'
In terms of features, the phone is expected to have the same glass back as Apple's current line-up of phones, suggesting that wireless charging could be an option.
And thankfully, rumours suggest that the iPhone SE (2018) will keep the analogue 3.5mm headphone jack at the bottom of the device.
iPad Pro
In March, Apple held an education-focused event, where it was expected to launch a new iPad Pro.
But surprisingly, no iPad Pro was announced - suggesting that Apple may reveal one at the June event.
Rumours suggest that the 2018 iPad Pro could have a similar appearance to the iPhone X, with no home button and almost edgeless dispaly - albeit with a notch at the top.
(Image: Apple)
The iPad Pro is expected to have Apple's facial recognition system, Face ID, allowing users to unlock their iPad by simply looking at it.
According to Digital Trends, the Apple Pencil may also get an upgrade.
AirPower wireless charging pad
Alongside the iPhone X, which features wireless charging, Apple announced a wireless charging pad in September 2017.
But we're yet to see the AirPower pad, and rumours suggest that it may now be unveiled at WWDC.
(Image: AFP)
13-inch MacBook
Rumours suggest that Apple will reveal a 13-inch MacBook at WWDC.
The MacBook is expected to cost that same as current MacBook Air models (around £850) or could even be a bit cheaper.
The idea is that the new MacBook will essentially be a MacBook Air with a Retina display.
Budget HomePod speaker
Apple could unveil a smaller and cheaper version of its HomePod speaker at the cobnference.
Rumours suggest that the budget HomePod will cost around £150 ($199).
(Image: HomePod)
This is significantly cheaper than the current version, which comes with an eye-watering $319/£319 price tag.
And according to the latest rumours, the budget version could come with Beats branding - a company that Apple acquired in 2014.
Mirror.co.uk will keep you updated with any other updates about the conference.
New fund to encourage student research
Meghan McLaughlin
The Santa Clara
February 1, 2018
Two talented students will be awarded $1,000 for research in a field of their choice this spring.
For the first time ever, the library will be funding an undergraduate research award with part of its budget.
“The university is really trying to encourage undergraduate research and this is our way to support this initiative,” said Head of Research and Outreach Helene Lafrance.
With its numerous resources, the library is an ideal setting to do research in.
Now, Santa Clara's library is following the example of many other campuses across the country by funding undergraduate research.
Both individual and group projects are eligible, in any format or medium, as long as they are research-based.
The awards are open to all undergraduates in all disciplines.
There will be two recipients who will receive the monetary amount and a plaque for their work.
The award money will be applied to the students' university accounts, with no impact on their financial aid.
In the event that a winner is a senior and their tuition has been paid in full prior to winning the award, the award money will be refunded to the student.
The library plans to notify the winners on May 15, followed by an award reception in the recipients' honor at the end of the month.
During this ceremony, the university librarian will present the awards and the recipients will give a 15-minute presentation on their research projects and answer questions on their topics.
The winners' work will be added to the Scholar Commons repository.
The submission deadline for applications is currently set as April 20.
Contact Meghan McLaughlin at mhmclaughlin@scu.edu or call (408) 554-4852.
Almost Done!
Please confirm your details below.
Already have an account? Sign In.
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate {* birthdate *} Gender {* gender *}
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *}
{* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *}
By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account.
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.
{* backButton *}
{* /registrationForm *}
MOSCOW, January 2 (Sputnik) — Since August 2016, Turkish forces have been conducting a military operation to clear northern Syria of Daesh, with the Syrian Kurds and Damascus accusing Ankara of violating Syria's territorial integrity.
"Of course, Moscow has made some concessions to Ankara by reacting very gently to the de facto establishment of a buffer zone in the north of Syria. There was no harsh reaction from Russia, but it does not mean that Moscow… will accept that some part of Syria is occupied by a foreign state for a long time, regardless of which state it is," Naumkin told RIA Novosti.
Ankara did not see Syrian President Bashar Assad as an immediate threat, with its first priorities being Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen suspected of orchestrating July's foiled coup in Turkey, Kurds and Islamist terrorist groups, such as Daesh, he explained.
"Assad is only in the fourth place. Perhaps, he will stop being seen as a threat, it is hard to say yet. I think, the framework of these accords [on resolution of conflict in Syria] will, naturally, be agreed on at the meeting in Astana, which is going to take place in the near future, no later than mid-January," Naumkin noted.
© AFP 2016/ LOUAI BESHARA Threat of Syrian Government Being Toppled by Force Was 'Neutralized' in 2016
Russian President Vladimir Putin announced on Thursday that the Syrian government and armed opposition groups had reached an agreement on a nationwide ceasefire in Syria and on readiness to start peace talks.
Putin called on the Syrian government, armed opposition and all countries with influence on the situation in the Arab republic to support the reached agreements and to take part in the anticipated talks in Astana.
A nationwide ceasefire between the Syrian government and opposition factions came into force at midnight on Friday. Russia and Turkey serve as guarantors of the ceasefire deal, which paves the way for negotiations between the warring parties.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
She first appeared on TV screens in 2010.
However, former child actress Brittany Papple has certainly grown-up since leaving Albert Square for pastures new.
In fact, the 19-year-old is almost unrecognisable to soap fans - as her latest casting suggests.
The performer, who joined EastEnders when she was just 12, has landed a new Disney role and looks dramatically different from her former self.
(Image: Twitter)
(Image: BBC)
Having graduated from the Millennium Performing Arts School, she's now a parade dancer for the media conglomerate's theme parks.
This will see her dress in costume as one of the famous characters, then reach out to greet guests throughout the resort.
She'll also work with choreographers, directors and artistic directors for dance routines and parades.
Images form the star's social media accounts show that she's ditched her ginger hair in favour of blonde locks, while also embracing glamorous clothes.
(Image: Twitter)
(Image: BBC)
Originally from Brentwood, Essex, Brittany has enjoyed a number of other small-scale projects away from Walford.
She starred in an independent film called Little Devil and also appeared on Saturday Night Takeway as a dancer for Take That.
Likewise, she's performed in TV adverts and as a video game voice-over artist.
She attended the Sylvia Young Theatre School, which also produced Lousie Redknapp, Amy Winehouse, Denise Van Outen and Emma Bunton.
The 15 Most Disappointing Movies of 2016
Many critics like to do “worst movies of the year” lists, and I don't blame them: they're a lot of fun. But these lists rarely include the worst movies of the year; they tend to be a hodgepodge of blockbusters that didn't quite work, because those are more interesting to write about than a bunch of D-grade horror movies few people have actually heard of.
With that in mind, I prefer to write about the most disappointing movies of the years—films that I was excited, or had high hopes, for that failed to capitalize on their potential. While some movies on this list are truly awful, most are just mediocre—but they nonetheless were disappointing beyond belief.
Here are the 15 most disappointing movies of 2016:
Mila Kunis plays a MILF who decides she's done trying to be the perfect mom. Great concept. But a lack of consistent humor and, more importantly, any sense of edginess or ambition, makes Bad Moms simply a bad movie.
The trailers were great. The concept is cool. And The Accountant has some solid action scenes. Unfortunately, the rest of the movie is surprisingly stupid the more you think about it, resulting in an okay but ultimately disappointing affair.
Clint Eastwood's latest drama works extremely well when it's inside the cockpit showing the heroic actions of Captain Sully; when it's not in the air, the drama is drama-less and Tom Hanks is stuck having boring phone calls with his wife.
I should have known, given that the book was a predictable, B-grade version of “Gone Girl.” I had hoped the movie could gloss over the book's flaws. Instead, the director exaggerates them, leaving the audience with a sexy but silly thriller without any thrills.
The slave revolt film has more buzz than any other movie all year, but the end result is a project that is full of passion but marred by sloppy execution. It's good, but not great, and this movie needed to be great.
Following two consecutive critically approved successes, X-Men: Apocalypse appeared to be just another solid entry in the franchise: instead, it's an uneven, awkwardly paced film that wastes its potential and features a climax where Professor X and the villain repeatedly punch each other in a hallway in his mind.
Arguably the worst Coen brothers movie ever made, Hail, Caesar! has its moments (a dance sequence with Channing Tatum) but fails to tie them together in any meaningful way, resulting in a nostalgic waste of time and time.
The book is good. The movie is bad. Tim Burton once again proves he should no longer be making movies with this tonally off Harry Potter-wannabe that only becomes fun when it completely goes off the rails (think: skeletons fighting invisible monsters).
The fantastic, simple concept behind this animated box office hit made the realization that the actual movie is a generic, boring and unfunny slog even all the more painful. Seriously, watch the trailers and you'll see all of the good parts.
This spin-off has plenty to like, but there's no denying that it lacks the awe-inspiring charm and magic that made the Harry Potter movies so good. Until proven wrong, this new franchise feels more like a cash grab than anything else.
With so much controversy regarding its all-female cast, more important questions were overlooked, such as “Is it good?” and “Is it necessary?” The movie isn't terrible, but the comedy is hit-or-miss and it does nothing to improve on the original.
Anticipation was high until the first trailer hit, which revealed that Resurgence would likely just be a “bigger is better” sequel long past its due–no one, however, could have predicted just how dreadfully boring and unoriginal it ultimately would be.
In hindsight, we got exactly the movie many expected: an overly ambitious, style-over-substance epic that doesn't quite bring all of its elements together. I stand by my original assessment that the movie isn't that far from being pretty good–but as is, it's a truly disappointing, if ultimately interesting, failure (note: there is a part of me that likes the movie more than Captain America: Civil War if only for the fact that it at least tries to be unpredictable).
If Batman v Superman was a failure, the fun-looking Suicide Squad would get things back on track, right? Sadly, this “darker and edgier” DC Comics tale ended up being even worse, with all of the fun parts having already been shown in the trailers.
Jason Bourne is not the worst movie on this list. Far from it. But given that Matt Damon and director Paul Greengrass had previously delivered two of the best action movies ever made, it's still quite stunning that their re-teaming resulted in a bland, surprisingly stupid rehash of the exact same story.
By Erik Samdahl
Related categories: Top 10 Movie Lists
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Councillors looked set to reach a stalemate over county council budget negotiations, until an independent councillor broke the deadlock by changing his vote.
Cllr John Hipkin, who had consistently voted in favour of increasing council tax to pay for improved services, changed his stance and voted in favour of the Conservatives' amendment when the budget was debated at Cambridgeshire County Council's full council meeting yesterday (February 14)
All the major parties' amendments were voted down, but the Conservatives managed to get a second vote which they swung in their favour with support from the independent councillor.
The Conservatives' amendment, which favoured having no increase in council tax, but a 2 per cent rise in the social care precept, won in a second vote, which was swung when Cllr Hipkin changed his vote.
Cllr Hipkin said: “I have voted consistently in favour of an increased tax. I'm not changing my vote because I'm changing my principles, but because of the necessity of getting a budget.
“That proposal for increased council tax has been tested and has consistently failed to achieve a majority.
“How today can we achieve a balanced budget? There's only one way I can see of managing that. It's if I vote with the Conservatives. We have got to have a budget and we do not want to be staying late tonight or facing criminal action for obstructing this.”
Lib Dem and Labour councillors expressed their disappointment at Cllr Hipkin's decision.
Cllr Steve Count said Cllr Hipkin had wanted to ask for more from the Conservatives and he would be happy to work to deliver that. Cllr Count said he wanted the Conservatives to be the conciliatory party that brought people together.
On Monday, the organizers of the California succession ballot initiative formally withdrew their petition, less that three weeks after getting approval to start gathering the 585,407 valid signatures needed to qualify for the November 2018 ballot. Marcus Ruiz Evans, the ballot initiative's official proponent, made the request to the California secretary of state, explaining to the Los Angeles Times that "the biggest obstacle to Calexit is having a professional grassroots administration," but petition organizer Louis Marinelli had already pulled the plug on the current effort in a statement emailed from Russia, where he lives with his Russian wife.
Marinelli, who gained attention in December for opening an "embassy" in Moscow for the Independent Republic of California, said Monday he now intends to make Russia his home, "if the people of Russia would be so kind as to welcome me here on a permanent basis," given his "frustration, disappointment, and disillusionment with the United States." It's "only proper, given my intention to seek permanent residence in Russia and not return to California in the foreseeable future, to withdraw that petition from circulation," he wrote, so others could start a new petition "free from ties to me."
Martinelli said his big beef with Washington was immigration, specifically the trouble he had getting a green card for his wife, but now he no longer wants to "live under the American flag." He held out the possibility that he might "eventually return to occupied California and struggle for her independence from the United States so we could build the kind of country that reflects our progressive values," but said that in Russia he'd found "a future detached from the partisan divisions and animosity that has thus far engulfed my entire adult life." Martinelli campaigned for Bernie Sanders in 2016 but said he eventually voted for President Trump.
The Calexit's failure to launch puts it in good company, the Los Angeles Times reports, adding to the more than 200 earlier attempts to declare independence for California or split it into multiple states. It's not clear that succession would be constitutional. Peter Weber
Skeena-Bulkley Valley MP Nathan Cullen questions Prime Minister Justin Trudeau decision to purchase the Kinder Morgan pipeline in the House of Commons on May 30. (CPAC photo)
The Trans Mountain pipeline may be located in the Lower Mainland, but Skeena-Bulkley Valley MP Nathan Cullen had some choice words for the Prime Minister Justin Trudeau today over the decision to purchase the project.
“Liberals do know it's not legal to smoke weed until August right because this makes no sense at all,” Cullen said to Trudeau in a heated debate in the House of Commons on Wednesday, May 30.
“Only Liberals would dump $4.5 billion on a 65-year-old pipeline and call that an energy strategy. Only Liberals would try to force through a pipeline and tankers through traditional First Nations territory and call that reconciliation,” Cullen said, adding, “Watch he's about to say the environment and economy go together.”
#QP 8/ @nathancullen PM will say that enviro & economy must go together. You know what else must go together? Making promise to Cdns & then actually keeping it.@CanadianPM NDP celebrated Rachel Notley's approach…plan included getting oil resources to new markets pic.twitter.com/5uRwQJSvHp — CPAC (@CPAC_TV) May 30, 2018
Cheers of support for Cullen, a member of the NDP, erupted from the House. In response, Trudeau reminded the House that the NDP had “celebrated” Alberta Premier Rachel Notley's plan to both protect the environment and grow the economy.
“Part of that plan included three elements, one, an absolute cap on oil sands emissions, two, a price on carbon that would apply to the Alberta economy, and three, getting our oil resources to new markets,” Trudeau said, emphasizing that Notley is also NDP.
Cullen questioned the uncertainty of the project. If it was such a great risk for a commercial entity to take on, why would it be fair for the Canadian public to pick up the risk, he asked Trudeau. The Prime Minister responded with a quote from Notley that the government met the deadline set by Kinder Morgan and “this project has more certainly than ever.”
“We have demonstrated that despite the actions of one province trying to block this pipeline, the project is in the national interest and the jobs that will be assured and defended in this project are in an integral part of our plan to fight climate change and grow the economy for future generations,” Trudeau said.
#QP 9/ @nathancullen If it's too risky for an oil pipeline co. to build an oil pipeline, why is it OK for Cdn public to assume all that risk…@CanadianPM …Despite one province trying to block pipeline, project is integral part of plan to fight climate change & grow economy pic.twitter.com/B8LfsMPLqX — CPAC (@CPAC_TV) May 30, 2018
Opponents to the Kinder Morgan project cite a 700 per cent increase in oil tanker traffic along the B.C. coast as one of the major red flags.
Cullen has been a fierce advocate for the oil tanker ban on the North Coast, tabling a private member's bill for a tanker ban in 2014. While he was pleased to see Bill C-48, the Oil Tanker Moratorium Act, pass through the House of Commons in early May, he said it took too long, and now they have to wait for the Senate to pass the bill.
READ MORE: Trans Mountain pipeline – The economics of oil
shannon.lough@thenorthernview.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
ISLAMABAD: Election commission of Pakistan (ECP) has amassed code of conduct for upcoming general election 2018 Wednesday.
Source privy to ECP tell that ECP has called all political parties' leaders tomorrow for consultation, in which contestants would not be allowed to run election campaign on the name of religion or race.
Moreover, according code of conduct Election Act 2018, all political parties are not allowed to hold more than one rally in a constituency.
On the other hand, firing and display of weapons have been banned by ECP, even; coercive abdication of candidate from election has been illicit.
Imposing restrictions on political parties, ECP has declared that to vend tickets on the name of party fund, to use of state means in election and to give voter slip on election day, all are illegal, however, for polling agent, it is necessary to voter concerned constituency.—NNI
BYRON Bay Red Devils Rugby League Club received $20,000 in funding to assist the club in refurbishing infrastructure on their grounds.
Nationals Parliamentary Secretary for Northern NSW Ben Franklin said the Red Devils are a wonderful community organisation and an important part of the Byron community.
"I am thrilled that the NSW Liberal and Nationals Government can support the club with works on the clubhouse and the construction of a barbeque facility," Mr Franklin said.
The funding will assist in refurbishing the toilets, replacing the guttering and roofing of the clubhouse, fixing the septic system and building a barbeque facility.
"The Red Devils are a Byron icon. While the Club has successfully fundraised and gained sponsorship, this additional funding will allow it to carry out this much-needed work," Mr Franklin said.
"Sports clubs are a central part of regional communities. They not only offer sporting opportunities for locals, but they also offer venues for use by community groups - like the High School across the road in this case," he said.
"This funding will bring benefits to the whole Byron region," Mr Franklin said.
"I look forward to seeing the improvements to the Club take shape, and to a strong showing by the Red Devils in next year's northern rivers rugby league season," he said.
Web Desk: Sanjay Dutt's biopic ‘Sanju has opened to positive reviews as well as to a great opening on Friday. The Ranbir starring movie was one of the most awaited movies of this year.
Fans of both Ranbir and Sanjay are praising the story and the actor's performance. It definitely glued the audiences to their seat. But as nothing is perfect, there are also some mistakes in the movie.
Here is a list of five common mistakes you didn't notice.
Blunder 1
Generally, the smoke comes out from the front of the barrel after firing, but in Sanju when the gangster fired the gun, the smoke comes from his sleeves.
Blunder 2
In the funniest scene of the movie, there was a blunder. In the first frame, the cigarette was in Ranbir's mouth, but when he turns around, the cigarette is nowhere to find.
Blunder 3
When Sonam asked Ranbir for Manglasutra, the coat is placed in between the curtains. But in the next moment, the same coat has shifted on its own!.
Blunder 4
Ranbir hurts his head at that one spot but in the next scene at the hospital, he is shown to have several cuts on his forehead!
Blunder 5
When Ranbir is coming down from the airplane, there is no shadow behind him, but in the second half of the picture, other passengers coming down but there are shadows behind them
One day after Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy announced his retirement, a group calling itself Demand Justice staged a rally outside the court's front steps.
Activists who said they support civil rights and abortion rights mixed with Democratic senators. They were angry that, after declining to convene a vote on President Barack Obama's nominee for the court, the Republican Senate majority leader now is set to confirm the second justice nominated by President Trump.
"Mitch McConnell, shame on you, the people deserve a say too," the protesters chanted.
Sara Chieffo brought along her tiny daughter, Lucy. Chieffo said she was demonstrating because of the implications for American law during her child's lifetime.
"We need a Supreme Court justice that's going to uphold the values of our democracy, enforce our nation's laws that protect her health, the clean air and the clean water she needs to thrive. There's so much at stake here," Chieffo said. "It's why we're here this morning. Being a D.C. kid, there's a lot to protest these days."
In fact, it was baby Lucy's second protest, Chieffo said; she brought her last year to oppose Trump's first Supreme Court pick, Neil Gorsuch. But Gorsuch was confirmed without much trouble in 2017, after the Senate voted to change its rules and clear the way for Supreme Court justices to win approval based on a simple 51-vote majority.
That shift will make it more difficult than it might once have been for Democrats to try to derail Trump's next nominee.
Brian Fallon used to work for the top Democrat in the U.S. Senate, Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York. Now Fallon runs Demand Justice, a 12-person start-up operation housed in a shared work space a block away from the White House.
"We do not have a majority of Democrats in the Senate, that is true," Fallon said. "But we do have a majority in the Senate on the two key issues that we think will define the fight: We do have a majority in the Senate that think Roe v Wade should not be overturned. And we do have a majority of votes in the Senate that think the Affordable Care Act should not be gutted."
The challenge for opponents, Fallon said, is motivating grassroots communities interested in those issues to engage over the Supreme Court vacancy — and to do it in a hurry.
To start, they're running TV ads in states including Maine, Alaska, West Virginia, Indiana and North Dakota, to reach the constituents of key senators.
Long odds
Demand Justice is just five months old, and it faces some long odds.
Conservative groups that support the president's judges are expected to out-spend opponents by millions of dollars. Carrie Severino is a former clerk for Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas and policy director of the conservative Judicial Crisis Network.
"Judges are forever," Severino said. "They're not really forever, they're for life. But that is almost the same thing here. This is a generational impact and will affect how everything the president even does on the executive order front, regulations, legislation, is interpreted and applied going forward."
Severino pointed out that conservative voters unite around the issue of judges, but it's harder for Democrats.
Consider this: A few weeks ago, before the newest Supreme Court vacancy, Demand Justice conducted a focus group in Columbus, Ohio. Ten Democratic-leaning women sat around a table, eating snacks and chatting about their community.
Several of the women worried about Trump's tweets and about new restrictions on clinics that perform abortions. Then, the moderator interjected: "So, let's talk a little bit about Anthony Kennedy. Is everyone familiar with who he is?"
One participant said she didn't know, so the moderator asked for a show of hands. Few of them went up in the air.
Fallon, who runs Demand Justice, said women in that focus group got more motivated once they understood that Kennedy was considered the high court's swing vote on abortion rights.
Chris Kang, the chief counsel for Demand Justice, helped President Obama usher his Supreme Court picks through the Senate. He said Democrats tend to operate in issue silos, with people organizing around reproductive rights or issues related to lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender peoples' rights.
"What we are here to do is try to break it down for everybody so that they understand, no matter what the issue that you care about, at the end of the day, it always comes down to the courts," Kang said.
Now the group wants to find a way to communicate that message more broadly — and to do it by August, when the hearings for Kennedy's replacement are likely to begin.
Trump is expected to announce his nominee for the high court on Monday.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Canadians are beginning to learn about what is happening to the thousands of asylum seekers who walked across the Canada-U.S. border illegally over the past few months.
Their refugee claims are now working their way through a clogged system. Progress is slow. And about half of the claims are being rejected.
Government officials said this week they have finalized about 240 cases of about 8,000, and the rejection rate is about 50 per cent. That's normal for Haitian claims, and most of the claimants over the summer were Haitians crossing into Quebec.
At the same time, the federal government is scrambling to live up to a commitment to bring 1,200 Yazidi women and girls into Canada as refugees from northern Iraq, where they had been too often forced into sex slavery.
Ottawa promised a year ago to bring them in, and this week Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen said 800 had arrived. The Conservatives are questioning his numbers, however, second-guessing whether the 800 are actually Yazidis.
The minister insists that the delay in the Yazidi effort has nothing to do with the resources required to process the asylum seekers at the border. But it's clear that setting up a new home in Canada is not a walk in the park.
TACKLING TUBERCULOSIS
It's almost unheard of as a problem in most of Canada, but tuberculosis is a scourge in the Inuit population. This week, the federal government rolled out a plan to eliminate what can be a deadly infectious lung disease.
Inuit in Nunavut are 270 times more likely to have TB than the rest of the population, a long-standing problem propelled by poverty and overcrowded, substandard housing.
The eradication plan involves setting up a task force with Inuit organizations, combining their prevention and treatment approaches, and incorporating housing into their plans.
In the last federal budget, about $1 million was earmarked for TB prevention in the Inuit population — meant to amplify ongoing efforts to improve diagnosis, prevention and new medical treatments.
But the TB problem is so entrenched that the government is still grappling with its long legacy. For decades, Inuit infected with the disease were flown south to receive treatment. They often never returned, dying or lost without their family supports. Officials are now trying to track down their graves.
By Heather Scoffield, Ottawa Bureau Chief, The Canadian Press
epa05695370 Spanish Legion members take part into the 525th anniversary ceremony of the Granada War held at Carmen's Square in Granada, Andalusia, Spain on 02 January 2017. The takeover of Granada was a series of military campaigns between 1482 and 1492 against the Emirate of Granada during the reign of the Catholic Monarchs. The battle completed the Reconquista and the ending of Muslim rule on the Iberian peninsula. EPA/MIGUEL ANGEL MOLINA
The United Arab Emirates will contribute $50.4 million to rebuild a mosque and cherished leaning minaret that were destroyed after the Iraqi city of Mosul was overrun by the Islamic State.
On Monday the UAE, Iraq and the United Nations signed an agreement that Audrey Azoulay, director-general of the U.N.'s cultural agency UNESCO, called "a historic partnership." In a written statement, she said it was "the largest and [most] unprecedented cooperation to rebuild cultural heritage in Iraq ever."
The Great Mosque of al-Nuri was built in the 12th century inside Mosul's Old City. It was named after Nur al-Din Mahmoud Zangi, a Turkic ruler who unified Muslim forces during the Crusades. In July 2014, ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi stood at the mosque's pulpit and declared Iraq and Syria as the terrorist group's "caliphate."
As Iraqi security forces drew closer to Mosul in June 2017, ISIS destroyed the structure and later used the explosion as propaganda, pinning the damage on a U.S.-led coalition airstrike. "Jihadist supporters are using it to blame the West and Americans," Alberto Fernandez, then-vice president of the Middle East Media Research Institute, told USA Today.
Months after Mosul was liberated, the bodies of ISIS fighters still lay in the rubble near the mosque, NPR's Jane Arraf reported in March. Thousands of homes in the city's historic section were in ruins. and people had no electricity or running water.
Only a stump-like remnant remained of the famously tilted minaret known as al-Hadba, or the "hunchback."
"We need services," a Health Ministry employee told Arraf. "They just need to take away the rubble. We need water tankers to come so we can drink clean water. If they get rid of the rubble and repair the streets, a man can rebuild with his own hands."
The Iraqi government has estimated that a minimum of $2 billion is needed to repair crumbling streets and homes.
The UAE funding is earmarked for restoring the cultural landmarks. But Louise Haxthausen, director of UNESCO's Baghdad office, told NPR that the $50.4 million will still help the city. "It will generate employment and allow the inhabitants to develop and acquire skills," she said.
But some Mosul residents pointed to other, more pressing needs. One teacher and photographer tweeted an appeal to "please remove the rotten bodies first."
With a five-year timeline, the first year of the restoration will focus on clearing debris from the site, documenting items and drawing out details for reconstruction. The next four years will focus on the restoration of the mosque and surrounding buildings.
The reconstruction will preserve "the original minaret with its distinctive hunchback lean," Haxthausen said.
A joint committee will supervise the rebuilding efforts, including members of the Emirati and Iraqi Ministries of Culture, UNESCO and the Iraqi Sunni Endowment, according to the Emirates News Agency.
Haxthausen said the restoration is a key part of a flagship UNESCO initiative called Reviving the Spirit of Mosul, which launched in February, to "bring life back to the city."
The UAE and other Gulf countries have recently improved relations with Iraq, Arraf notes. Arab Gulf leaders for years refused to recognize Iraq's Shiite-led government as legitimate.
Still Waiting
Everything They Need to Win (Again!)
"Armed with a new strategy and renewed support from old allies, the Trump administration now believes it has everything it needs to win the war in Afghanistan. Top military advisers all the way up to Defense Secretary Jim Mattis say they can accomplish what two previous administrations and multiple troop surges could not: the defeat of the Taliban by Western-backed local forces, a negotiated peace and the establishment of a popularly supported government in Kabul capable of keeping the country from once again becoming a haven to any terrorist group."
Turning the Corner
There should be zero tolerance for pot use by drivers or their passengers, a new report by the Canadian Mental Health Association Ontario branch recommends.
The report, Cannabis Legalization and Regulation, also says that all marijuana revenue should go to fund mental health and addiction services, and that the minimum age to purchase the product should be 19 years old.
“The risk is that legalization of cannabis may lead to an increase in use among Ontarians,” Camille Quenneville, CEO of CMHA Ontario, said in a statement Monday. “When taken together, our recommendations can minimize the harms associated with cannabis use and support a public health approach to this issue.”
As the Justin Trudeau government gets set to legalize pot by July 2018, CMHA Ontario prepared a report for the provincial government with recommendations on how to go forward.
The report says marijuana legalization should be viewed through a public health lens.
CMHA Ontario anticipates an increased need for mental health and addiction support services with legal pot, especially for youth and heavy consumers “ranging from brief interventions for at-risk users to more intensive interventions,” as well as extensive public education campaigns.
The “most concerning” issue is driving high, with data already showing that an estimated 10.4 million vehicle trips a year involve a motorist that had used marijuana, the report says.
Testing for drug-impaired driving may not accurately reflect the level of impairment, it says.
“Because the technology to detect an individual's level of impairment due to cannabis is still in development at this time, CMHA Ontario recommends a zero-tolerance policy for cannabis consumption in any motorized vehicle in order to ensure road safety during this time of transition,” the report says. “A zero-tolerance policy would include both the driver of the motorized vehicle, and any passengers in the car. It is important that a clear message be sent to the public as soon as possible regarding zero tolerance for impaired driving due to cannabis use.”
While the Canadian Medical Association, which represents the nation's doctors, called for a minimum legal pot-buying age of 21, CMHA Ontario suggested the lower age of 19.
“Frequent cannabis use can harm a developing brain and there is no evidence that supports a specific age when cannabis use is safe for young people,” the report says. “However, there are concerns that a higher minimum age may contribute to young people accessing cannabis from illegal sources. Establishing a higher minimum age standard will be less effective in undermining the black market, and may leave youth both criminalized and reliant on it.”
aartuso@postmedia.com
The long-awaited House Intelligence Committee memo on “Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Abuses at the Department of Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation” has been released. Here it is:
And here are some salient points:
* The FISA warrants that are the subject of the memo all relate to Carter Page. The original warrant was sought on October 21, 2016, and the memo says that there were three renewals, which apparently occur every 90 days. This would appear to take the surveillance well past the presidential election, and beyond President Trump's inauguration. The memo does not explain this aspect of the timing. The FISA applications were signed by some familiar names: James Comey signed three, and Andrew McCabe, Sally Yates and Rod Rosenstein all signed one or more.
* The fake “dossier” compiled by Christopher Steele with the assistance of unknown Russians “formed an essential part of the Carter Page FISA application.” In fact, McCabe testified before the committee that no FISA warrant would have been sought without the fake dossier. Steele was paid over $160,000 by the Democratic National Committee and the Hillary Clinton campaign to come up with derogatory information–true or false, apparently–on Donald Trump.
* DOJ and FBI failed to mention in their FISA application that it was based on opposition research paid for by the Clinton campaign and the DNC, even though this apparently was known to the FBI. The application apparently tried to mislead the FISA court by saying that Steele “was working for a named U.S. person”–the memo doesn't tell us who that person was–but not disclosing Fusion GPS or Glenn Simpson, let alone Hillary Clinton and the DNC. This appears to be a deliberate deception of the court.
* In addition to Steele's fake dossier, the FISA application cited an article about Carter Page that appeared on Yahoo News. The application “assessed” that this corroborating account did not originate with Christopher Steele. In fact, it did: Steele himself leaked the information to Yahoo News.
* The memo casually notes that “the FBI had separately authorized payment to Steele for the same information.” This is news to me. It has been reported that Steele sought funding from the FBI, but I believe prior reports have been to the effect that the Bureau refused. Was the FBI paying Steele, known to be working for the Hillary Clinton campaign?
* Steele was terminated as an FBI source for leaking to news outlets about his relationship with the Bureau. The memo says that Steele should have been terminated for the same reason in September, before the first FISA application, because of other news media contacts, “but Steele improperly concealed from and lied to the FBI about those contacts.”
* Bruce Ohr's involvement is even worse than we thought. In September 2016, according to the FBI's files, Steele told Ohr that he “was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about him not being president.” The FBI hid this from the FISA court. Not only that, Ohr's wife went to work for Fusion GPS and was part of the opposition research effort against candidate Trump. “Ohr later provided the FBI with all of his wife's opposition research, paid for by the DNC and Clinton campaign via Fusion GPS. The Ohrs' relationship with Steele and Fusion GPS was inexplicably concealed from the FISC.”
* At the time of the FBI's initial application for a FISA warrant in October, its effort to corroborate Steele's report was in its “infancy,” according to the Bureau. Subsequently, an FBI report characterized Steele's dossier as “only minimally corroborated.” Nonetheless, in January 2017 James Comey purported to “brief” president-elect Trump on the contents of Steele's fake report, at which time the report was leaked to the press.
* The memo ends with a brief reference to George Papadopoulos, who had a slight relationship to Trump's campaign. FBI agent Peter Strzok opened a counterintelligence investigation into Papadopoulos in July 2016.
The Intelligence Committee memo obviously outlines a major scandal that indicts principal figures in the FBI, including James Comey, Andrew McCabe, and Sally Yates and Rod Rosenstein, unless the latter two officials were unaware of the fraud that was being perpetrated on the federal court. Whether some of those involved should go to prison would require a careful examination of relevant federal statutes.
The memo leaves much unsaid. The timing is unclear, at least to me. It sounds as though the FBI continued to renew its FISA warrant long after it had terminated its relationship with Steele and knew, or should have known, that his information was bogus. Why? Did the FBI tell the FISA court in these renewal applications that it had terminated its relationship with Steele, or that it had been unable to corroborate his claims? Presumably not.
Also, we don't know what was done with the information that was collected about Carter Page–and, of course, about anyone with whom he communicated. This is where the enormous number of “unmasking” requests by Obama officials like Susan Rice come in. Did the Obama administration use the ill-gotten FISA warrants to spy, not only on Carter Page, but on others who had some relationship with Trump, or even Trump himself? Did the Obama administration pass information obtained from improper surveillance on to the Clinton campaign, or leak it to the press after the election?
The Intelligence Committee memo is a major step forward, but we have not yet gotten to the bottom of what happened in the heavily-politicized Department of Justice and FBI.
London: Vodafone said on Friday it was in talks with John Malone`s Liberty Global about buying some of the cable company`s assets in the continental European countries where they both operate, chief among them being Germany.
It said it was not in discussion with Liberty Global regarding a merger of the two firms.
"Vodafone confirms that it is in early stage discussions with Liberty Global regarding the potential acquisition of certain overlapping continental European assets owned by Liberty Global," the company said.
The Financial Times earlier on Friday said the two were in talks about swapping assets in Europe.
Shares in Vodafone closed up 2.4 percent at 219.5 pence a share. Liberty Global rose to more than two-years highs in new York and was up 2.9 percent at $38.28 in afternoon trading.
Liberty Global noted Vodafone`s statement and had no further comment, a spokesman said.
The world`s second biggest mobile operator and the cable company discussed swapping assets in 2015, but they could not reach agreement on values.
The two, however, did agree the following year to form a joint venture in the Netherlands, VodafoneZiggo, bringing together mobile, broadband and TV services in a package designed to compete more effectively with former state monopoly KPN.
Analysts have said that a more wide-ranging tie-up between the two would be the logical next step for both companies.
Vodafone Chief Executive Vittorio Colao has spoken favourably about doing further deals with Liberty, saying in November 2016 that the two could be a counter force to Deutsche Telekom.
Malone, whose Liberty Global is largely funded by debt, said last year that Liberty and Vodafone could not agree on values in the previous talks, but "the door was always open" to the British company.
Vodafone and Liberty also have overlapping operations in the Czech Republic, Hungary and Romania in continental Europe, as well as in two countries excluded from the talks, namely Britain and Ireland.
But Germany is by far the biggest continental market where Liberty`s assets would help Vodafone to take on the former incumbent, Deutsche Telekom, with bigger packages of converged services.
Vodafone has a mobile market share of 26.1 percent by revenue in Germany, putting it second behind Deutsche Telekom with 30.3 percent, according to the Federal Network Regulator`s latest annual report.
Deutsche Telekom leads the broadband market, with 13 million customers in Germany and a 40.1 percent market share. Vodafone is second on 19.7 percent, and Liberty`s Unitymedia fourth at 10.5 percent, according to the VATM industry lobby.
A combination in Germany also stacks up geographically. Unitymedia is in the western German states of North Rhine-Westphalia, Hesse and Baden-Wuerttemberg, while Vodafone broadband is available in Germany`s other 13 federal states, meaning there is no overlap between the two.
Unitymedia reported revenue of $703.1 million in the quarter to end-September 2017, 18 percent of Liberty`s European revenue, and operating cash flow of $444.6 million, 24 percent of the group total.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
These are the first pictures of a couple who have been left fighting for their lives after apparently being 'poisoned' in the Wiltshire town of Amesbury.
Charlie Rowley and Dawn Sturgess, who have been named by pals and are both in their 40s, fell critically ill after being exposed to a mystery substance.
They were found unconscious at a property in Muggleton Road on Saturday, with one friend describing how Charlie was "garbling" and acting like a "zombie".
It is around eight miles from where former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia were poisoned with a nerve agent in March this year.
However, it is not thought that Charlie and Dawn are linked in any way to Russia or to the Skripals, and counter-terrorism police are now investigating.
(Image: Tony Kershaw / SWNS.com)
Today, a meeting of the Government's Cobra emergencies committee took place at official level in the Cabinet Office to discuss the events.
It is understood samples of the mystery substance have been sent to the Government chemical weapons research laboratory at Porton Down .
It comes as a man who claims he is Charlie and Dawn's ''best friend'' has recalled how Dawn was carried out on a stretcher at around 11am on Saturday.
Sam Hobson, who lives in a block of flats called Sandell Place, also told of how Charlie slumped into a “zombie-like state” several hours after Dawn was hospitalised.
He claimed: “On Saturday morning I came out and saw lots of ambulances at 11am and saw Dawn taken out of the church on a stretcher after she fell unconscious.
"Charlie was there too.
“She was having assistance with her breathing. Paramedics said they needed to do a heart and brain scan and so Charlie and I were told we couldn't see her yet.
(Image: PA)
“Charlie was also there but was fine at first. He's been with Dawn for a few months.
"Charlie and I went back to his home four hours later and he started showing symptoms
“We were preparing clothes to take to Dawn in hospital.
"He felt ill and went for a shower. Then his eyes went bloodshot and like two pin pricks, he began garbling incoherently and I could tell he was hallucinating.
“He was making weird noises and acting like a zombie. It was a zombie-like state.
"He slumped against the wall."
He added: ''This doesn't make any sense - i can't see why they'd be targeted.
"It's completely random."
Sam claimed he has been asked whether he is OK, but hasn't undergone any tests.
“Both Charlie and Dawn have one daughter each but from different relationships," he added. “They are a great couple and always there for me.”
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: REUTERS)
Amesbury is just miles from the site where Mr Skripal and Yulia were poisoned earlier this year, although a police boss has said there is no evidence linking the two incidents.
The Porton Down lab identified the military-grade novichok nerve agent used in the attempted murder of the Skripals, who spent months in hospital and survived.
It remains unclear what substance Charlie and Dawn were exposed to.
A Downing Street spokesman said: "This is an incident which understandably is being treated with the utmost seriousness.
"Ministers and the Prime Minister are being kept updated and there was a meeting this morning of officials to receive updates on the facts of the situation."
Wiltshire Police initially thought that the couple had taken contaminated crack cocaine or heroin, but then decided to carry out further tests.
Today, they declared a major incident.
(Image: REUTERS)
The Metropolitan Police, who lead the national counter-terrorism network, said counter-terrorism officers were working with Wiltshire Police.
In a statement, the force said: "Given the recent events in Salisbury, officers from the counter-terrorism network are working jointly with colleagues from Wiltshire Police regarding the incident in Amesbury.
"As Wiltshire Police have stated, they are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding the incident and will update the public as soon and as regularly as possible."
Charlie and Dawn today remained in a critical condition in Salisbury District Hospital.
It is believed that one of the last places they were seen in public was a family fun day at Amesbury Baptist Centre on Saturday afternoon. The church is one of a number of locations in Amesbury and Salisbury which has been cordoned off by police.
Church secretary Roy Collins said: "Last weekend we held a community fundraiser and we understand this may well be the last event this couple went to in public.
(Image: PA)
(Image: SWNS.com)
"We are all quite puzzled and shocked - naturally the connection with Salisbury and recent events there mean is a heightened public interest.
"We are praying for the couple. One of our members knows them and clearly there are concerns for them and any others in the community.
"They are not church members or regulars."
Mr Collins said around 200 people attended the event, including many families and children, but "nobody else has suffered any ill-effects".
Public Health England (PHE) said it did not believe there to be a "significant health risk" to the wider public, although its advice was being reviewed.
The address where the couple were found is on a new housing development on the southern edge of the town, which lies close to Stonehenge.
Neighbours living near the scene were keen to find out more about what had happened to Charlie and Dawn, both from Amesbury,
College student Chloe Edwards described seeing police cars, fire engines and people in "green suits" on Saturday night.
"We saw everything," said the 17-year-old, who lives near the cordoned-off flat.
"We were just eating our dinner and all these emergency vehicles turned up.
"They were putting on these green suits and we thought it was the gas as our electricity was turned off as well."
She said the vehicles arrived at about 7pm and she and her family were told to stay inside their home until about 10pm.
"We wanted to know what happened and, with the Russian attack happening not long ago ... we just assumed the worst," she said.
"I am not sure how long they were in there but we couldn't get out of the house for two and a half hours."
A support unit from Dorset and Wiltshire Fire and Rescue Service went to the scene on Saturday. But the next day, the Swindon crew tweeted that the incident "wasn't serious and our decontamination shower wasn't required".
Justin Doughty, who lives opposite the police cordon, said residents wanted more information about what was happening.
"We don't know, to be honest now, because is it linked to Salisbury or is it drug-related?" he said.
Salisbury District Hospital is "open as usual" and officials advised people to attend routine appointments unless they are contacted to do otherwise.
Mr Skripal, 67, and his 33-year-old daughter were left in a critical condition after they were found slumped on a bench in Salisbury city centre on March 4.
They spent weeks in Salisbury District Hospital, where they underwent treatment for suspected exposure to the Russian-created nerve agent Novichok.
The British Government has accused Russia of being behind the attack on Mr Skripal, who settled in the UK after a spy swap.
May 3 Time Warner Inc
* Time warner inc. Reports first-quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $1.66 from continuing operations
* Q1 earnings per share $1.80 from continuing operations
* Q1 revenue $7.7 billion versus i/b/e/s view $7.67 billion
* Time warner inc qtrly warner bros. Segment revenues increased 8% ($256 million) to $3.4 billion
* Time warner inc - qtrly turner segment revenues increased 6% ($182 million) to $3.1 billion,
* Time warner inc - q1 home box office revenues increased 4% to $1.6 billion
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $1.66
* Q1 earnings per share $1.80
* Q1 earnings per share view $1.45 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Time warner inc - remain on track, pending completion of regulatory reviews and receipt of consents, to close merger with at&t inc. Before end of 2017
* Time warner inc - for three months ended March 31, 2017, company recognized $82 million of costs related to at&t merger
* Time warner - in connection with at&t merger, as of March 31, co granted 5.7 million special retention rsus to certain employees of co and its divisions
* Time warner - certain employees of co and its divisions, including executive officers other than chairman and ceo, got or will get cash retention award Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
One year later, Ottawa police are still searching for the driver involved in a hit-and-run that left two people walking back from the Navan Fair with serious injuries.
Two pedestrians, a male and female, both 32, were walking on Fairgreen Avenue and Trim Road at 1:18 a.m. on Aug. 14, 2016 when they were struck by a 2002 to 2008 Dodge RAM pickup truck.
The car had a loud exhaust and possible front-end damage to the driver's-side headlight area.
The pair were transported to hospital with serious injuries.
Police said Monday they are still seeking information on the suspect and vehicle, as well as witnesses prior to the crash. In particular, investigators said they would like to speak with two possible female witnesses who were beside the suspect's car just before the collision.
The driver had been described as a tall young male in his 20s, with a slim build and baseball cap.
Anyone with information regarding this investigation is asked to call Ottawa Police's Collision Investigation Unit at 613-236-1222, ext. 2481. Anonymous tips can be submitted by calling Crime Stoppers toll-free at 1-800-222-8477(TIPS), or by downloading the Ottawa Police app.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A United Parcel Service driver who opened fire during a meeting with co-workers had filed a grievance that he was working excessive overtime and appeared to specifically go after the three drivers he killed before fatally shooting himself.
Jimmy Lam, 38, filed the grievance in March complaining of too much overtime and requesting that the package delivery company relieve him of working extra hours going forward, Joseph Cilia, an official with a Teamsters Union local that represents UPS workers in San Francisco, told The Associated Press.
During a Wednesday morning meeting, Lam walked up to driver Benson Louie and shot him. As his co-workers frantically fled the room, he shot Wayne Chan in the back, and then walked up to him and “finished him.” Mike Lefiti was fleeing from the building when Lam went out onto the street and shot him, Cilia said witnesses told him.
“It's senseless. I can't think of anything. Why him? Why them?” Cilia asked. “I can't put it together.”
Advertisement
Officials late Wednesday confirmed San Francisco residents Louie, 50, and Chan, 56, and 46-year-old Lefiti, of Hercules, were killed in the shooting.
Two other UPS employees were wounded, but Cilia said both were released from the hospital.
Amid a barrage of gunfire, some workers sought refuge on the roof of the four-story facility, while others ran outside and pounded on the windows of a public bus, witnesses said.
“They were screaming, ‘Go! Go! Go!'” said Jessica Franklin, 30, who was riding to work when the bus made a regular stop in front of the UPS facility. “As they got on the bus, they were all ducking.”
Auto shop owner Robert Kim said he saw “a mob of UPS drivers” running down the street screaming “Shooter! Shooter!”
The shooting prompted a massive police response in one of the city's industrial neighborhoods, about 2 miles (3 kilometers) from downtown San Francisco, Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters.
UPS spokesman Steve Gaut said the shooter was a company employee. A San Francisco Police Department official identified Lam, 38, and said he's from San Francisco but had no immediate details on his background.
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing.
Lefiti's cousin, Mack Toia, told KGO-TV (http://abc7ne.ws/2sch61d) he was at the UPS facility waiting to pick up Lefiti when shots rang out. He left his van and saw his cousin sprawled on concrete behind a gate, Toia said.
“The police officers were right on the scene just like that. I got to touch him, but I couldn't hug him,” Toia said. “They just pushed me away because they were trying to resuscitate him.”
Co-worker Isaiah Miggins said he saw Lefiti, known as “Big Mike,” as he arrived for work just before 9 a.m., a few minutes before the shooting started. “He was a joyful man. Always happy,” Miggins said.
On social media, heartbroken family members of Lefiti recalled him as a warm-spirited man devoted to his children and family. A photo on his Facebook page shows Lefiti in his brown UPS uniform holding a trophy. He also posted photos of his UPS truck and an award for 15 years of service to the company in 2015.
Chaplin said police have not determined a motive.
A 30-year-old tech worker who lives across the street from the warehouse said he heard up to eight gunshots.
“They were all in rapid succession,” said Raymond Deng. “It was like tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat.”
Deng watched from his window in the Potrero Hill section of San Francisco as workers fled the building. He said another group of about 10 people gathered on the roof and held up their hands waving for help.
“I saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings,” he said. “It's crazy.”
Officers found two victims outside and others inside and pulled the wounded to safety as they confronted the gunman, who was armed with an “assault pistol,” Chaplin said.
“The suspect put the gun to his head and discharged the weapon,” Chaplin said, adding that police did not fire any shots. Two guns were recovered at the scene, he said.
The shooting occurred the same day a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice in Virginia, wounding U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others.
___
AP writers Janie Har, Jocelyn Gecker and Linda Wang in San Francisco and Mike Balsamo in Los Angeles contributed to this story.
After five days of scouring the life of Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock and chasing 1,000 leads, investigators confessed Friday they still don't know what drove him to mass murder, and they announced plans to put up billboards appealing for the public's help.In their effort to find any hint of his motive, investigators were looking into whether he was with a prostitute days before the shooting, scrutinizing cruises he took and trying to make sense of a cryptic note with numbers jotted on it found in his hotel room, a federal official said.So far, examinations of Paddock's politics, finances, any possible radicalization and his social behavior - typical investigative avenues that have helped uncover the motive in past shootings - have turned up little."We still do not have a clear motive or reason why," Clark County Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said. "We have looked at literally everything."The FBI announced that billboards would go up around the city asking anyone with information to phone 800-CALL-FBI."If you know something, say something," said Aaron Rouse, agent in charge of the Las Vegas FBI office. "We will not stop until we have the truth."Paddock, a reclusive 64-year-old high-stakes gambler, rained bullets on the crowd at a country music festival Sunday night from his 32nd-floor hotel suite, killing 58 and wounding hundreds before taking his own life.McMahill said investigators had reviewed voluminous video from the casino and don't think Paddock had an accomplice in the shooting, but they want to know if anyone knew about his plot beforehand.Investigators believe Paddock hired a prostitute in the days leading up to the shooting and were interviewing other call girls for information, a U.S. official briefed by federal law enforcement officials said. The official wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.The official also disclosed that Paddock took at least a dozen cruises abroad in the last few years, most of them with his girlfriend, Marilou Danley. At least one sailed to the Middle East.It is unusual to have so few hints of a motive five days after a mass shooting. In previous mass killings or terrorist attacks, killers left notes, social media postings and information on a computer - or even phoned police."The lack of a social media footprint is likely intentional," said Erroll Southers, director of homegrown violent extremism studies at the University of Southern California. "We're so used to, in the first 24 to 48 hours, being able to review social media posts. If they don't leave us a note behind or a manifesto behind, and we're not seeing that, that's what's making this longer."What officers have found is that Paddock planned his attack meticulously.He requested an upper-floor room overlooking the festival, stockpiled 23 guns, a dozen of them modified to fire continuously like an automatic weapon, and set up cameras inside and outside his room to watch for approaching officers.In a possible sign he was contemplating massacres at other sites, he also booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September, according to authorities reconstructing his movements leading up to the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.His arsenal also included tracer rounds that can improve a shooter's firing accuracy in the dark, a law enforcement official told AP. It wasn't clear whether Paddock fired any of the illuminated bullets during the high-rise massacre.Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of the .308-caliber and .223-caliber tracer ammunition from a private buyer he met at a Phoenix gun show, a law enforcement official not authorized to comment on the investigation said on condition of anonymity.Tracer rounds illuminate their path so a gunman can home in on targets at night. But they can also give away the shooter's position.Video shot of the pandemonium that erupted when Paddock started strafing the festival showed a muzzle flash from his room at the Mandalay Bay resort, but bullets weren't visible in the night sky.Investigators are looking into Paddock's mental health and any medications he was on, McMahill said.His girlfriend, Danley, told FBI agents Wednesday that she had not noticed any changes in his mental state or indications he could become violent, the federal official said.Paddock sent Danley on a trip to her native Philippines before the attack, and she was unaware of his plans and devastated when she learned of the carnage while overseas, she said in a statement.
Harrogate District NHS Foundation Trust employs over 2,000 people within its hospital and some 1,000 more in the community.
The NHS is regularly in the headlines over the pressures it faces but in our feature series Introducing: Harrogate's Health Heroes, we want to bring you the good stories about teams who work so hard. This week we meet the Supported Discharge Service.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Georgia has been seeking NATO membership since the cooperation officially begun in 1994 when the country became a member of the Partnership for Peace program. In April 2008, at the NATO Bucharest Summit, the allied heads of state and government agreed to Georgia becoming a NATO member in the future.
"During the meeting issues concerning enhanced strategic partnership, economic cooperation as well as situation in the region and near the occupation line were touched upon. Georgian president thanked the senators for supporting the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Georgia and noted that Georgia expected greater support and cooperation with the Untied States," the statement said.
McCain, accompanied by US Senators Lindsey Graham and Amy Klobuchar, arrived in Georgia on January 1 in the framework of his trip to the Baltic states, Ukraine, Georgia and Montenegro.
BARRIE -
Bitter tears flowed in court Tuesday when a mother and father learned that the man who stabbed their 16-year-old son to death on Father's Day in 2007 will now become eligible for parole at an earlier date.
“The pain is still so deep and raw ... it doesn't go away,” mom Liz Hoage told a sentencing hearing as she wiped away tears.
Seven years ago, Joseph Nicholson, of Barrie, was sentenced to life in prison for stabbing her son, Joey Tanner, of Hamilton, three times in the back in June 2007 and for the attempted murder of his friend, Jeremy Rodgers, 17, of Alliston, who suffered a knife wound to the chest and almost died in the same attack.
The jury, which convicted Nicholson, spent five days deliberating before rendering a verdict of first-degree murder which carries a mandatory life sentence with no parole for 25 years.
However, the Ontario Court of Appeal recently shot down the verdict and ordered Nicholson to be sentenced for second-degree murder instead, stating the trial judge did not adequately instruct the jury. Second-degree murder carries a mandatory life sentence with no parole for a period of 10 to 25 years.
“These were vicious, violent, stab wounds,” said Crown attorney Ray Williams, who is asking for Nicholson's new parole eligibility to be set at 16 years.
Tanner and his teenage buddies had been drinking and snorting cocaine as they lingered outside a Barrie apartment building and taunted the young men inside to come out and fight. Inside the apartment, where there was no food in the cupboards, a teenaged single mom on welfare drank with her friends and passed around a platter of cocaine with a straw.
With a flick knife in his hand, Nicholson looked out the window and said “Let's go,” then “bull rushed” out the door toward his victims, who only expected a fist fight.
Within seconds he jabbed his victims with such force his knife penetrated bone, lung, liver and spleen.
As he lay yelping in pain on the ground, dying, blood spilling from his wounds, Tanner cried out for his mom.
Nicholson later smirked and told his friends, “I guess I got a body under my belt now,” court heard.
Williams noted the killer has a criminal record for violent offences and while in prison was caught with a shank and has been in multiple fights. “He is a tornado of violence,” Williams said.
Court heard how Nicholson was passed around to foster homes and that his own mother used to overdose him with Ritalin medication when he was a toddler so she wouldn't have to deal with him.
In court, Joey's father, Bill Tanner, suddenly rose, jabbed a finger at Nicholson in the prisoner's box and yelled: “You look me up when you get out, buddy.” He then rushed out of court.
Nicholson stood and apologized to the grieving mother and asked the judge for a chance.
“Your son did not deserve to die,” he said. “I'm sorry ... I want to rehabilitate myself.”
Outside of court, the family said the Court of Appeal decision has caused them to rehash the pain.
“There are more rights for the killers than for the victims,” said the mother.
Justice Guy Di Tomaso will impose a sentence Aug. 11.
Exclusive to the Michigan Chronicle:
MICHIGAN, NATION MUST LOOK AT NORTH CAROLINA'S “MORAL MONDAYS”
By Robert Weiner and Bridget Mora
Millions and often majorities in Michigan and states around the country are under attack by right wing governors and legislatures on voting rights, voter suppression, removal of elected officials' power, gun safety, attempted denial of insurance benefits and Medicaid coverage under the Affordable Care Act, college education, veterans' health care, women's health choices, and jobs. They should look at North Carolina's “Moral Mondays” movement. Moral Mondays, spreading rapidly to other states, aim to help ordinary citizens take back their state governments from corporate-backed extremists.
In North Carolina, Moral Mondays mean weekly large organized protests, sit-ins, demonstrations, and some nonviolent civil disobedience, all at the state legislature in Raleigh, plus accompanying media coverage. Each Moral Monday group has a distinctive local flavor and key issues. Voter suppression and education are flash points in North Carolina. Georgia and Florida protesters rally for repeal of “Stand Your Ground” laws. High unemployment and union busting are the focus in Wisconsin. What every Moral Monday group has is a coalition of diverse groups fighting for social justice for the poor, minorities, women, children, elderly, disabled, and immigrants. The organizations don't always share the same opinions, but have a common enemy in the radical politicians who underrepresent their state's constituencies and enact policies removing their rights.
Michigan is under attack by Governor Rick Snyder and an extremist state legislature who have disenfranched voters, unilaterally taken away Detroit's constitutional electoral power and appointed an unelected manager, given $1.8 billion tax giveaways to corporate interests, raised taxes on seniors and working families, starved public schools while pushing private schools, denied pensions' funding, passed “Right to Work” laws to slash unions' effectiveness, and assaulted women's healthcare and human dignity including with so-called “rape insurance.” Now you can add the City Manager and state Governor allowing the water company to stop supplying poor people for nonpayment from financial inability but letting hugely profitable big corporations delay their water bill obligations.
Circumventing the will of voters is a top priority of Governor Snyder, who proposed to repeal the minimum wage (and preempt a 2014 voter referendum) and dis-empowered Detroit's elected officials, despite a statewide referendum vote against the emergency-manager law. Reverend D. Alexander Bullock, President of the Detroit chapter of the Rainbow/PUSH Coalition, rightly called Snyder's hostile takeover of Michigan's largest city “the death of democracy in Detroit.” House Judiciary Committee Ranking Member Cong. John Conyers of Detroit called the Emergency Manager Law “unconstitutional.”
What's happening in Michigan is part of a national attack on individual rights by corporate-backed state legislatures and governors. The North Carolina General Assembly turned their state into one of the most right-wing in the nation. They passed draconian voter suppression, eliminated the Earned Income Tax Credit for nearly 1 million working poor, would not help 43,000 Michiganders whose unemployment benefits ended, made it difficult for students to vote, rejected Medicaid coverage for 500,000, drastically restricted women's access to reproductive healthcare, repealed the Racial Justice Act, slashed public education funding, and stripped high school teachers and college student voters of due process.
However, North Carolinians have fought back. They have become a national model. Moral Mondays, started just a year ago by Rev. William Barber of the North Carolina NAACP, have spread like wildfire in 2014 — into Georgia, Florida, Alabama, and South Carolina (where protests are called “Truthful Tuesdays”). It's no longer just a Southern movement: Rev. Curtis Gatewood of the North Carolina NAACP reports that Missouri and Wisconsin joined the movement, and more states are mobilizing.
Many of the right wing bills come from ALEC (American Legislative Exchange Council), a dangerous organization that pushes corporate-backed model bills in state legislatures across the US, including the infamous “Stand Your Ground” legislation justifying what has often been perceived as murder. North Carolina's House Speaker, Thom Tillis, was named ALEC's “Legislator of the Year”. Michigan's “Right to Work” law was modeled on an ALEC bill.
Moral Monday organizers don't expect to change the minds of ALEC lawmakers; they work to change the landscape. Rev. Barber said, “The people have moved. Now less than one in five North Carolinians agree with them. Moral Monday is more popular than them.” Brett Bursey, Executive Director of the South Carolina Progressive Network, explained that a key aim of the protests is to support moderate candidates because in South Carolina, over 70% of candidates ran unopposed.
Parliamentary tricks can be overcome by voters who replace the legislators who took away their rights. People can resist efforts to suppress the vote and make it a point to turn out in large numbers, as President Obama's campaign accomplished in 2008 and 2012.
However, voter turnout drops by a shocking 50 million in non-Presidential election years. The biggest drop-down is minorities, young people, and lower incomes—opening the door for a right wing takeover. Moral Mondays are gearing up for a “mass voter mobilization campaign.” In Michigan and across the nation, massive voter turnout in support of candidates who value people – not large corporations' profits – is the best hope to recapture rights, power, and policy.
Robert Weiner is a former Clinton White House spokesman and senior staff for Cong. John Conyers, Charles Rangel, Ed Koch, Claude Pepper, and Sen. Ted Kennedy. He wrote the epilogue to Bankole Thompson's groundbreaking book, “Obama and Christian Loyalty.” Bridget Mora is a writer from Chapel Hill, NC, studies “Moral Mondays”, advocates for public schools and autism insurance reform, and is policy analyst for Solutions for Change, a foundation informing the public about issues.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For more than 50 years, Reg Stanley's diary lay in the darkness of a cupboard at his Cambridge home, its pages telling a terrible story he did not want his family to read.
Even when he died, in 1971, the journal did not see the light of day, but sat there for another 16 years, unopened, gathering dust, silent.
But Reg's daughter Heather Brodie and his grand-daughter Juliet Brodie knew of its existence – and after the death of his widow Eileen in 1987, when the house in Cambridge was sold, the diary finally yielded up its secrets.
The two women began to read it and discovered an amazing and moving chronicle of Reg's life as a young soldier on the bloody battlefields of France and Belgium during the First World War.
As a teenager in 1909, Reg had joined the Cambridgeshire Regiment Territorials, having served as a drummer boy with the Cambridge University Rifle Volunteers. When the war began, in August 1914, he was mobilised to serve with the regiment's 1st Battalion and, early the following year, having risen to the rank of sergeant, he was off to France.
Juliet, who lives in London, said: “We knew there was a diary, but the family were not allowed to read it. When we did, my mother and I felt that it was a remarkable account of the events that took place between 1914 and 1918.
My grandfather had a sharp mind and, as well as a notebook, went to war with a secret camera – soldiers were not allowed to have them – with which he took lots of photographs, scratching notes on the sides of the negatives.”
The two women felt the diary should be published, to let people find out more about what it was like during the dark days of the Great War, and that is what they did a few years ago, although Heather died before the book - Grandad's War – made it into print.
Reg's arrival in war-torn France soon opened his eyes to the horrors that awaited him. As he and his fresh-faced comrades headed across country to the front line, they came across a platoon of British troops digging a row of graves. A corporal explained a battle was due – and that it was best to get the graves ready in advance for the corpses.
Later, winding their way through a small town in the dark, they were rounding the corner of a brasserie when Reg heard what he describes in his diary as a “weird sharp phut, a sound like driving a nail into a soft brick.”
Then there was “a ghostly moan followed by a gurgling long-drawn out groan of pain and the word passes, ‘man hit.'
“I remember now the smell of warm, steaming blood and as the stretcher bearers lifted him the blood can be heard dripping to the ground like rain dripping from a broken gutter.”
Reg and his unit were soon on the front line, facing the withering gunfire of the German troops. He wrote: “Trees crash to the ground, some falling across the trench, trying it seems to crush us. The noise is deafening. The effect of concussion gives a pain in the eardrums and the trench crumbles and weak spots fall in.
“Nearer and nearer creeps this terrible inferno which can only end in death. May it come quick and mercifully. Some poor wretch has the side of his skull blown away and it is obvious that nothing can be done for him.
“We are trapped like rats, we cannot go forward, the way is barred, and even if we could machine guns and rifles are waiting to mow us down.”
Reg was transported back to England due to illness after 125 days in France, but when he recovered, he joined the Army Ordnance Corps and was soon back in the thick of it. He saw more harrowing action on the Somme, yet somehow survived until the ceasefire on November 11, 1918. His gallantry led to him being mentioned in dispatches by Field Marshall Sir Douglas Haig.
Before the war, Reg had been employed by the Cambridge Gas Company and after demob, he returned to the firm, where he continued working until his retirement in 1958. For many years he and his family lived above the company showrooms in Sidney Street.
Tragically, his elder brother Frederick, who was called up in the spring of 1918, only a few months before the war ended, was killed almost immediately.
Grandad's War, by Juliet and Heather Brodie, is published at £11.95 by Poppyland Publishing, details at www.poppyland.co.uk.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Ham will check on Mark Noble after the midfielder came off against Leicester on Saturday.
The skipper was forced off after a strong tackle from Daniel Amartey and boss Slaven Bilic admitted he is likely to be a doubt for the visit of Manchester United.
Sam Byram started training last week after an ankle problem, but was not in the squad for the 1-0 defeat at Leicester, while Gokhan Tore (knee), Reece Oxford (ankle) and Simone Zaza (knee) are unavailable.
Manchester United will be without Eric Bailly against West Ham as he heads to the African Nations Cup.
United asked the Ivory Coast to allow the defender to join them 24 hours late but their appeal fell on deaf ears.
Michael Carrick has a chance of returning in midfield after missing the win over Middlesbrough with illness but Wayne Rooney is unlikely to be back from thigh trouble.
West Ham squad: Randolph, Adrian, Collins, Ogbonna, Reid, Kouyate, Masuaku, Antonio, Cresswell, Noble, Obiang, Quina, Fernandes, Nordtveit, Payet, Feghouli, Ayew, Carroll, Fletcher.
Manchester United squad: De Gea, Romero, Valencia, Fosu-Mensah, Jones, Smalling, Rojo, Darmian, Shaw, Blind, Young, Fellaini, Carrick, Herrera, Schweinsteiger, Pogba, Lingard, Mata, Mkhitaryan, Martial, Rashford, Ibrahimovic.
That's goal No. 57 for Georgi Hristov, tying Derek Smethurst for the most in Tampa Bay Rowdies history! pic.twitter.com/m39TNnH8zy
WINCHENDON, Mass. (AP) — A driver whose car plunged into an icy Massachusetts pond has been rescued from the frigid water.
The Winchendon Fire Department says a man was plowing a parking lot in the town on Sunday afternoon when he saw the car leave a roadway and enter Hunts Pond. The man called 911, telling dispatchers the car was still in the water with the driver inside.
The fire department says the driver extricated himself and sat on the roof of the car, which was in about 8 to 10 feet (2.5 to 3 meters) of water.
A fire lieutenant threw a rope to the driver as the car was quickly sinking.
The man was instructed to tie the rope around himself before crews pulled him safely to shore. He was unhurt.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Monza, July 4 - The body of a man appearing to be about 70 years of age was found in a canal in the northern Italian city of Monza on Wednesday. The body did not have any ID.
The man in charge of the Public Accounts Committee says a health ministry Chief Officer lied to the PAC and he's calling for her to be disciplined.
PAC chairman Ezzard Miller told the Legislative Assembly last week Jennifer Ahearn deliberately misinformed the committee about changes to Cayman's Medical and Dental Council.
He said Ms. Ahearn indicated there were no major changes to council when in fact a new council was appointed.
“The PAC has not charged the Chief Officer with contempt of the Legislative Assembly but instead will refer the matter in writting to the Deputy Governor for him to take discipinary action as he sees fit. The letter will refer to the relevant legislation that governs such behaviour. However given Ms. Ahearn's history with the PAC we reserve the right to pursue the charge of contempt,” said the PAC chairman. He also expressed concern in his report about hiring practices at the Health Services Authority.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Walford will turn into a war zone as battle lines are drawn between two Albert Square heavyweights.
On the other end of the scale, two star-crossed lovers enjoy a steamy romp - much to the dismay of a certain teen yob.
But what else can you expect from EastEnders next week? Here's the lowdown...
Halfway returns - but he's hiding a big secret from Whitney
Whitney (Shona McGarty) and the Carters are delighted as Halfway surprises them his return . However, as they celebrate his return, they all notice that he is injured and an embarrassed Halfway makes an excuse about him being clumsy.
Remembering what he did to save the Queen Vic, Mick (Danny Dyer) and Linda (Kellie Bright) are incredibly grateful to Halfway and offer him Shirley's room as somewhere to stay.
(Image: 5699)
Mick encourages Whitney and Halfway (Tony Clay) to spend some time together. Whitney is clearly feeling the love and tries to seduce him but her techniques fall flat and she gives him some time alone.
Later in the week, Whitney tries again, only to be pushed away. Convinced that he is hiding something, Whitney confronts him and he finally tells her part of the truth, but he is still clearly holding something back.
Eventually, Whitney discovers the whole story and is shocked.
What's his secret?
Jack Branning and Mel Owen enjoy a steamy night of passion
Jack Branning and Mel Owen will finally act on the sexual tension that has been simmering between them for months - by ripping each other's clothes off.
But, unsurprisingly, Mel's son Hunter isn't too pleased with the development - so is their love doomed before it's even started?
Of course, in typical Walford fashion, it all begins with a furious row.
(Image: 5701)
Mel (Tamzin Outhwaite) is left fuming by Billy Mitchell's incompetence as he continues to mess up at work.
Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) and Woody (Lee Ryan) are taken aback by Mel's harsh tone but she clearly feels guilty later when she decides to throw Billy (Perry Fenwick) a surprise Birthday party.
But it all backfires when Mel attempts to persuade Honey to come along and Billy is furious at Mel for interfering. After Billy blows up at Mel she storms off.
Mel doesn't get a break, however, as she is soon confronted by Jack as he tries to get her to make things up with Honey.
As their row become increasingly heated, so do their smoldering gazes. Soon enough, the pair tear into each other's clothes...
Nasty feud for Max Branning and Phil Mitchell
It's going to get nasty in Albert Square when Phil Mitchell hatches a cunning revenge plot on Max Branning with the help of his wife Sharon and fellow mechanic Keanu Taylor.
Phil tried to bribe his nemesis away from the Square after finding out that Max bought his old car lot.
Will he succeed?
Also...
Donna pressures Kim for information on Vincent's whereabouts
Billy tries it on with Honey again
Phil leaves Kim suspicious when he gives her cash and says it was for the car Vincent gave him
Sharon gives a patronising customer a piece of her mind
*EastEnders airs Mondays and Fridays at 8pm and Tuesdays and Thursdays at 7.30pm on BBC One
Related Coverage Family searching for answers after daughter dies at resort during vacation in Mexico
(WTNH) — A company that makes and supplies alcohol for tourist resorts in Mexico is under fire.
Mexican officials are citing “bad production practices” as the reason why 10,000 gallons of alcohol was seized from the company.
The company, which has not been identified, supplies alcohol to a number of tourist resorts. Among them was a hotel where a 20-year-old Wisconsin woman recently drowned.
Related Content: Family searching for answers after daughter dies at resort during vacation in Mexico
Following her death, the U.S. State Department urged travelers not to drink excessive alcohol when on vacation in Mexico.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Five people miraculously walked away with minor injuries following a head-on collision near Cambridge.
Police were called at 8.40am on Tuesday (April 18) to the junction of Cambridge Road and Water Lane, Oakington, along with the fire and ambulance services.
Five people needed treatment for minor injuries including chest pain and facial injuries.
A Cambridgeshire police spokesman said: "We were called to reports of a head-on collision in Oakington Road, Cambridge, at about 8.40am today (April 18).
"The vehicles involved were a red Ford Fiesta and a grey Volkswagen Touran.
"Both fire and ambulance services attended the scene."
The East of England Ambulance Service sent three response cars to the scene.
A spokesman said: "Five patients were walking wounded.
"They were all assessed at the scene but no one required transport to hospital."
The spokesman added they left the scene at 9.30am.
To the Editor:
On behalf of Rides For Ridgefield, I would like to thank Ivanha Paz for including Rides in her excellent summary of the many services available to Ridgefield's seniors that appeared in the June 1 issue of the Ridgefield Press.
Rides is proud to serve Ridgefield's seniors, as well as all residents with mobility disabilities. We can provide rides on a daily basis, any day of the week, including Saturdays and Sundays. Our program is designed to complement other ride providers, some of which, for example FISH, are listed in the Ridgefield Directory of Senior Services published by the Ridgefield Commission on Aging.
Our mission is to help to enhance the quality of life for our riders, so in addition to rides for medical appointments (many of which involve out-out-town trips), we'll take them to Founders Hall, to concerts and other events around town, to visit friends, and to religious services.
So if you or someone you know needs transportation, give Rides For Ridgefield a call at 203-894-RIDES (7433) between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. Monday through Friday and we'll get you started.
Or, if you CAN get around and have some time to give, you can also sign to be a volunteer driver or telephone center coordinator. You'll find it both rewarding and fun.
Alice Kenny
Chair, Rides For Ridgefield
In 1948 in Sicamous, Gordon Mackie evacuates his maternal grandmother, Phoebe Ann Kelley, in a wheelbarrow in June of 1948. (Photo courtesy of the Salmon Arm Museum at R.J. Haney Heritage Village)
Mosquitoes figure prominently when Gordon Mackie thinks back to 1948.
Mackie, a former mayor of Sicamous, will be 90 in July. He remembers well the flooding 70 years ago.
Shuswap Lake's highest level on record over the past 150 years or so was in 1948 at 349.82 metres. A close second was 1972, with 349.69 metres.
“We had mosquitoes like you wouldn't believe. You couldn't walk around anywhere,” he says, explaining that people would put light oil on the water to try and curb the invasion. “That worked pretty good in those days. Most larvae couldn't breathe really well through the oil. But there were miles of sloughs in the valley.”
DDT was also sprayed generously from an old army smoke machine, with no awareness at that time of its dangerous environmental effects.
To avoid the annoying insects, when residents ventured outside they would wrap newspaper, held in place with rubber bands, around their arms under their clothes.
“It would be hotter than a fire cracker,” he recalls. “It was a tough go. We didn't have all the tools you do now.”
Related: Shuswap Lake just keeps rising
Mackie was living in Sicamous and his dad ran a tugboat.
“My dad took the tugboat to Salmon Arm… He was able to come right in and tie up at at the CPR fence.”
Salmon Arm seemed to be as badly flooded as Sicamous, he says, with the Salmon River stretching far and wide. Travelling the lake could be hazardous, “with debris coming down – driftwood and dead cows and everything else.”
Train travel was also affected. Mackie says everyone travelled by passenger train in those days, which went from Sicamous to Kelowna every day but Sunday. One day the water had risen so high that the train crew was afraid it would put out the firebox that created the steam power. As a result the train was shut down for a couple of weeks.
Related: Victims of devastating flood get financial relief
During the flooding, people would help each other out or fend for themselves, with little or no help from the government. Flood relief in 1948 came in the form of a metal box, about 16 inches long and 10 inches wide.
“It had first aided stuff in it… It didn't arrive until everything had dried up.”
One of the bad things was the effect of the flood on fruit trees in low-lying areas, which would eventually die. Mackie remembers the garden at his family's home.
“You could walk out with hip waders and you could see strawberry plants with strawberries on them, and fish swimming.”
Water was in the basement of their house for about two or three weeks, but dried up completely by the end of July.
Because people used septic systems which flooded, temporary community “biffies” were set up on high ground.
Mackie's grandparents lived right on the channel, so they had to move out and stay at his home. A photo of Mackie was taken pushing his grandmother in a wheelbarrow.
“It was the handiest at that particular time. First of all I thought she could just climb on my back, but then I thought, that's not very good, she's an older lady.”
So he asked her if she could climb into the wheelbarrow.
“So we managed to get her in the wheelbarrow with her suitcase, and booked her out of there. I thought she was real old – late 60s maybe,” he laughs.
Related: 2012 – Shuswap flood risk still rising
Mackie said he thinks the main reason for the 1948 flood was a very cool, slow spring, which warmed up in mid-May and combined with hard rain. He isn't predicting a 1948-style flood this year.
“Floods, they were just a natural occurrence, some years worse than others. ‘48 turned out to be a bad one, and ‘72 seemed a little worse,” he says, suggesting it might be because there weren't as many buildings in 1948.
“My guess, and this is just a guess, I suspect we're within a week of peaking on Shuswap Lake. It might get up to where it was in 2012 (349.44), but I don't think it will make that much. That's just my guess. Unless it should all of a sudden turn around and rain like crazy, then all bets are off.”
@SalmonArm
marthawickett@saobserver.net
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
This 1948 photo shows a mill underwater, likely the Canoe mill, with the building to the left and wood piles in the background. (Photo courtesy of the Salmon Arm Museum at R.J. Haney Heritage Village)
In 1948, the Salmon River flooded, the highest in written records. The photo shows the north side of the Salmon River Bridge, with water almost touching the base. (Photo courtesy of the Salmon Arm Museum )
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
How would you summarise your first season in charge of Fairford Town?
It was tough beyond belief and much harder than I could have possibly imagined. So much went wrong, but having gone through that, I'd have been silly to walk away and quitting is not in my make-up.
A lot went right off the pitch and we are looking to build the club. When I first took over I was just looking at the team and league positions, like 99 per cent of managers out there. What became apparent was that so much more was needed and that's the challenge I am enjoying, being a key part along with the chairman, vice chairman and committee to build the whole club. That appeals to me and I know we have put some good foundations down ready to be built on. We now want a season where we are not worrying about relegation.
When did you start to realise how big a challenge it was going to be?
We had a league game at Tuffley Rovers to start, drawing 1-1 and we were outstanding. We had a poor pre-season so I had my doubts, but after that game, I thought we were looking good. We then played Longlevens in the cup, had a bad performance, but drew. We were obliterated in the replay and after that game it became obvious some players didn't want to be here and all of a sudden I had to rebuild, almost immediately, which was tough.
After all the rebuilding, should this season by smoother in terms of a settled squad?
I hope so, yes. We used 49 players last year, which is ridiculous and I didn't actually release any. All of them went of their own free will as and when they decided. This league is all about stability and if I can get a squad of 20 players who play throughout the season, then that is good enough to be a top half team in the Hellenic League. I'd never been in this league before so I learned a lot about the standard and it's massively different to the Southern League, in terms of the players' mentality, what is expected and the politics of the league, as well as the how the fixtures are arranged. You have to learn and adapt accordingly. I will be a lot better this season than I was last year
How have you found management, in general?
The football side is easy. When you are on the pitch it comes naturally and I don't have to think about it too much. It's the time off the pitch that can be a nightmare. Last season pretty much every Friday and Saturday I dreaded it because I knew pretty much every week I was going to get a phone call from a player saying they couldn't play. That is unheard of in the Southern League. It was by no means everyone and not having a reserve team didn't help because if someone drops out you are in the mire straight away. I was fully expecting to be an unnamed sub for most of the season, but I found myself coming off the bench 26 times and I certainly didn't want to play that much. I made one start and it took me three weeks to recover!
How would you describe Fairford Town as a club?
It's such a good set-up and when I take people around there who have been involved in higher leagues, they are always impressed with the facilities. The potential is there and the long term desire is to have a team thriving in the Hellenic League and ultimately reaching the Southern League. I look at the likes of Slimbridge, Shortwood and Bishop's Cleeve, who have all had a go in the Southern League and our facilities are arguably better, but we've never been there. That's the challenge and the appeal for me. I want to be the person who leads Fairford to that position, but there is a long way to do and it won't happen overnight. The three best teams last year went up and they also had the biggest three budgets, by a mile. It does appear to be a more level playing field this season and I am not sure anyone will be paying their mortgage with Hellenic League wages this season, so we'll see what happens. Highmoor Ibis have had a rebranding to Reading City and seem to have had a cash injection, but you really don't know. The first two months of the season usually tell you everything about who will be up there and who will be struggling.
You have made an appointment on your coaching staff in Jamie Reid. How much do you expect him to play?
He wants to play in every game, but he's had some terrible luck with knee injuries over the past few years. He is only 30, but I don't think he will play two games a week. If I can get a game a week out of him, brilliant, because he has so much to offer. He played two games for us last year and we won one and drew one.
He makes such a difference with his knowhow and he has a bit of bite about him too, which is becoming rarer and rarer. That'll complement me as maybe there were times when I was too nice last season. There were a few occasions when the lads saw me lose it in the dressing room, but that probably should have been done sooner. Reidy won't be afraid to call a few people out if needed. I've known him a long time, from playing with him at Gloucester City. We've been close ever since then and he's a top man.
How is the squad shaping up?
All bar two of last season's squad have said they want to stay and give it another go and those two are by no means out of the equation so I hope they stay. I have spoken to plenty of other players. If people are interested and want to play for the right reasons, we will look after players better than the majority of players at this level, or the level above. We had 30 players at our first session and it's been good to see. We had a forward, Conor Lynch, on loan last season, but he did so well he went back to Hungerford Town and got himself another year there. Everyone is looking for goalscorers and fortunately for me I have a lot of contacts, so I can pick up the phone and see what is around. My vow as a manager is to always be honest with players and positive too. If lads come in with the right attitude, they will thrive at our club. Obviously I know the Gloucestershire scene well, but I do have lads in the Swindon area I can call upon. We also have the Oxford area we can tap into as well. One we are hoping to bring in his Robbie James from Cirencester Town and he'll be a good signing for us. I hope we can be a lot more competitive than we were last year, with a group who are eager to learn. There are a lot of clubs scrambling in the same talent hot spot, but the players are out there.
You played for a long list of managers during your playing career, which had the biggest impact on you now you are a manager yourself?
Brian Hughes, 100 per cent. He was brilliant for me. I went with him to Trowbridge Town under John Murphy originally and then he brought me back to Cirencester Town three times and in each of those spells we won a promotion, on a shoestring budget. That showed to me with the right blend of characters, it can be done. He didn't have a coaching badge, but when we won the title a few years ago, he didn't get the credit he deserved for it. It was like Leicester City winning the Premier League!
We had a core of players who stuck with it through thick and thin. He had the biggest influence on me, but Tim Harris was also a huge influence on me, giving me my chance at Cinderford Town. He also took me to Gloucester City, which was my dream really. I played for Frank Gregan, John Relish, and John Murphy and all of them passed so much knowledge on to me.
You started out at Longlevens, how did the chance at Cinderford Town come about?
I was 14, playing for Longlevens' third team in Stroud League Division Four. My dad came out of retirement and played with me. We had a successful youth team at the time, including Matt Gregg, who went on to play for Crystal Palace, Wayne Thomas, who played for Burnley, Scott Griffin, Tom Radcliffe and eight or nine of us played Southern League or better, which is ridiculous for a local side. That group started coming through and it was almost like a lads and dads team. It was a great introduction into senior football. You have to be 16 to play senior football now, but I saw that almost like an apprenticeship. I was also in the Gloucester City youth team and played Sunday mornings too for Windmill. Our main rivals for Racing Club in Newent, who had John Hamilton playing for them, who was at Cinderford with Tim. I played against them and ran riot, scoring six goals against them and word got back to Tim at any time.
James French went to Cinderford at 15 and then went to Bristol Rovers. I went to pre-season at Cinderford and broke into the side by October, the season after they had their FA Cup run. We played Forest Green on Boxing Day, which was the big derby at the time. I played up front with Andy Hoskins mostly and players like Adie Harris and Brad Thomas were there. After that I went to Trowbridge, briefly, but I wasn't getting a look in. Cinderford came back in for me, when Chris Price was there. I went back and scored a few goals, but it took me three years before I was a regular in the side. John Murphy was there by then and I scored 26 one season. I then had the chance to go to Weston-super-Mare, which was the best thing for my career and I was out of the local bubble, stretching myself.
What was John Murphy like to play for?
He was absolutely brilliant, but he was the hardest manager I ever played for and I am not sure he'd last a week now. He would a hard taskmaster and very, very rarely would he dish out any praise.
He'd constantly take the mick, but they were the best times. He got a group together that before Broughy (John Brough) came along and won the league there, it was Cinderford's highest ever finish. I was a regular 20 goal a season man and I had five seasons on the bounce where the team I was playing for finished in the top three.
Did you ever think you might get a chance at a professional club?
When I was at Weston under Frank Gregan, he told me Bath City were keen and had offered a fee of around £5,000, but he wanted £10,000. I was enjoying it at Weston and just wanted the next game to come along. Two months later, Mangotsfield came in for me, offering £1,500 and it was accepted! I scored 70 goals in three seasons at Weston. We were runners-up in the league and got promoted. If I'd been a bit savvier I could probably have got myself a move to a bigger club, but I ended up going to Cirencester, which I don't regret at all. I have worked for Capita since 2000 as a credit controller and football has always been a hobby really. I am lucky my job has allowed me to be flexible around my football commitments. I think my best ever season was when we went up in the play-offs at Cirencester and I scored 26 goals in the Southern Premier.
You had a lot of good strike partnerships, but who stands out as the best?
Jimmy Cox at Weston. Me and Jimmy grew up together on the same street in Abbeydale, although he was a year younger than me. We were chalk and cheese personality wise, but he was so good.
He should have done so much more in his career. He was at Luton Town, but he should have player higher. Shayne Bradley went to the same school and Shayne went on to play for Southampton and England youth. Jimmy should have done something similar, ability wise, but I love both of them! A lot of good footballers have come out of Gloucester over the years and if they can get a ground back in the city they would thrive again, even bigger than Cheltenham and Forest Green. They just need someone with that vision.
Were there any particular centre-halves you enjoyed battling against?
Lee Jefferies at Clevedon was always a good one. He's a top man, but he used to kick seven bells out of me.
Will Steadman is another one, who would usually mark me out of a game, but I'd still manage to score! Another one I hated playing against was Lyndon Tomkins, who is still as fit as a butcher's dog at 39 and had a few games for me at Fairford last season.
Lucknow: Senior Samajwadi Party leader and former Uttar Pradesh minister Azam Khan on Saturday attacked UP Shia Waqf Board Chairman Waseem Rizvi for suggesting that Muslims who are opposing the construction of Ram temple in Ayodhya “must go to Pakistan and Bangladesh”.
Speaking to media, Azam Khan said, ''Why do they want to send Muslims to countries that don't even have bread.''
The firebrand Samajwadi Party added that if they want to send Muslims out of India, they should send them to a 'wealthier' Europe or the US.
Azam Khan, however, called for a total migration in that case.
“Bhejna hai to un deshon mein kyo bhejte ho jahan roti nahi hai. Desh ke badshah aisa chahte hain to Europe bheje, America ke tanashah se bhi achi dosti hai unki. Par total migration hona chahiye,” he said.
Bhejna hai to un deshon mein kyo bhejte ho jahan roti nahi hai. Desh ke badshah aisa chahte hain to Europe bheje, America ke tanashah se bhi achi dosti hai unki. Par total migration hona chahiye: A.Khan on Wasim Rizvi stmt 'Muslims protesting Ram Mandir must go to Pak/Bangladesh' pic.twitter.com/BLJeHxVMFw — ANI UP (@ANINewsUP) February 3, 2018
Reactions from Azam Khan came after Uttar Pradesh Shia Waqf Board Chairman Waseem Rizvi suggested that Muslims who are against building Ram temple in Ayodhya "must go to Pakistan and Bangladesh".
Rizvi offered Friday prayers at the disputed site in Ayodhya and also met the chief priest of the Ram Janambhoomi, Acharya Satyendra Das.
On the occasion, he said, "Those who are opposing the Ram temple in Ayodhya and want to build the Babri Mosque there... People having such fundamentalist mentality should go to Pakistan and Bangladesh. Such Muslims do not have any place in India."
"Those who want to spread Jihad in the name of the mosque must go and join the forces of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the ISIS chief," Rizvi said.
Rizvi had alleged that fundamentalist Muslim clerics are trying to destroy the country and they must migrate to Pakistan and Afghanistan.
Rizvi's remarks evoked a sharp response from the Shia clerics who demanded his arrest for trying to communalise the atmosphere.
President of Shia Ulema Council Maulana Iftekhar Hussain Inquilabi alleged, "Rizvi is a criminal involved in grabbing and illegal selling of Waqf properties."
"He has been chargesheeted by the CB-CID and to save himself from the law he is enacting a big drama," he said.
"During the rule of the Samajwadi Party in Uttar Pradesh, he was patronised by Mulayam Singh Yadav and then minister Azam Khan. Now, during the BJP government, he wants to be spared," Inquilabi claimed.
Meanwhile, the Supreme Court is scheduled to hear the Babri Masjid-Ram Janmabhoomi dispute from February 8.
(With PTI inputs)
Select rating Poor Okay Good Great Awesome No votes yet
Later this month, Magnetic Press will be releasing the next installment of the Klaw series entitled Klaw: The Second Cycle. Once again it's a hardcover graphic novel written by Antoine Ozanam and illustrated by Joël Jurion. As you may recall, in the first issue of Klaw we met young Angel Tomassini, who discovers several scary things at once: When he's angry he turns into an anthro-tiger, and his father is a vicious crime boss, and there is a whole society of were-creatures who do not always have each other's best interests at heart. And now: “The second volume in the series follows Angel and his girlfriend Lisa as they flee across the globe from the many dangerous forces that would steal their were-animal spirit for their own nefarious, criminal use. As if spotting and defending themselves from these hidden enemies isn't hard enough, they also have to keep their own delicate control of their powers in check… innocent lives can get caught in the crossfire, and all the power in the world is useless if you can't protect your friends and loved ones…” Check out the preview pages.
Save
Save
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–Webber International-FAU Box
FAU 106, WEBBER INTERNATIONAL 46 WEBBER INTERNATIONAL (0-4)
Evans 1-5 1-4 3, Romeo 2-2 1-4 5, Blocker 2-6 1-2 5, Serrano 0-4 0-0 0, Orap 0-5 0-0 0, Childs 4-7 0-0 9, Woodmansee 2-7 3-3 8, Etienne 0-2 0-0 0, Luke 2-11 2-2 6, Williams 2-8 0-0 5, Dorvillien 2-7 1-2 5. Totals 17-64 9-17 46.
FAU (6-3)
Pfister 6-7 0-2 12, Ingram 4-9 0-0 9, Delph 6-10 1-2 13, Troutman 7-14 2-2 20, Adger 2-5 0-0 4, Maloney 1-1 0-0 2, Smith 5-6 0-0 10, Lepichev 4-5 0-0 8, Obidike 0-0 1-2 1, Perry 2-3 0-0 6, Massey 6-12 0-0 16, Hulsey 1-2 1-2 3, Abrams 0-2 0-0 0, Brown 0-2 2-2 2. Totals 44-78 7-12 106.
Halftime_FAU 65-27. 3-Point Goals_Webber International 3-23 (Childs 1-1, Williams 1-4, Woodmansee 1-6, Blocker 0-1, Etienne 0-2, Luke 0-2, Orap 0-2, Evans 0-2, Dorvillien 0-3), FAU 11-27 (Troutman 4-8, Massey 4-9, Perry 2-3, Ingram 1-2, Brown 0-1, Adger 0-2, Abrams 0-2). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Webber International 27 (Romeo 8), FAU 51 (Delph 11). Assists_Webber International 5 (Williams 2), FAU 22 (Adger 5). Total Fouls_Webber International 10, FAU 13.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The January transfer window reached its crescendo with a bang on deadline day.
Arsenal's club record signing of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and a host of other last-day deals ensured Premier League clubs splashed out £419million during January - a record for the winter window.
Now a busy weekend of fixtures means there are a host of debuts on the table.
Here's a look at seven players to keep an eye on this weekend.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang (Arsenal vs Everton)
(Image: Arsenal FC)
The Gabonese scored 141 goals in 213 games for Borussia Dortmund during his sensational spell at the Westfalenstadion.
Now, provided he recovers from a virus, he will make his Gunners' debut at the Emirates against Everton.
At 28, Aubameyang isn't the prototypical Arsene Wenger signing - there is little sell on value where the £56million man is concerned - but the Gunners were desperate for standout quality in the here and now.
Aubameyang brings pace, intelligence, clever movement and looks every inch the superstar. He's wanted a big move for 12 months, now, amid questions over his character and how he engineered his move away from BVB, it's his time to prove the juice is worth the squeeze.
Jordan Hugill (West Ham vs Brighton)
(Image: West Ham United FC)
The 25-year-old had a solid if unremarkable record in the Championship with Preston North End and to all intents and purposes looks something of a panic buy from a West Ham side needing firepower and in the midst of an injury crisis.
His £10million arrival gives the Hammers an attacking focal point, and Hugill showed in the second tier that he is more than willing to cover the hard yards and put himself around.
The question is whether he has the pace or quality to make an impression at English football's top table?
Islam Slimani (Newcastle United vs Crystal Palace)
(Image: Newcastle United via Getty)
The Algerian has joined Newcastle on loan after a disappointing 18 months at Leicester City.
Slimani, 29, arrived at the King Power with a stellar reputation after shining for Sporting Lisbon, but has largely flattered to deceive, scoring 12 goals in 44 games for the Foxes.
For Rafa Benitez, the January window was a major disappointment, the Spaniard not getting what he wanted as the Newcastle takeover issue descended into farce.
But if he can get Slimani back to something like his Sporting best, then the target man can give goal-shy Newcastle's survival hopes a real shot in the arm.
Lucas Moura (Tottenham vs Liverpool)
(Image: Tottenham Hotspur FC)
The brilliance of the Brazilian has grown almost mythical qualities in recent months, following his ostracising at Paris Saint-Germain.
Once tipped to be a future Ballon d'Or winner, he arrives at Tottenham with a point to prove. But his signing could be a masterstroke from Mauricio Pochettino.
Blessed with breathtaking pace and excellent close control, plus an eye for goal, Moura offers Spurs something they previously didn't have: a game-changing individualist.
If he commits to Pochettino's methods, the £23million star will prove a bargain. Will be on the bench (at best) this weekend at Anfield, but, at 25, his peak years should be spent in north London.
Eliaquim Mangala (Everton vs Arsenal)
(Image: Everton FC/Getty Images)
Sam Allardyce made a habit during his time as Bolton Wanderers manager of reviving the careers of players who were either ageing or were under-performing elsewhere.
Eliaquim Mangala, at 26, falls into the latter category; simply, since moving for £42million from Porto to Manchester City, the French international has struggled.
But there is a defender in there something. Tall, powerful, strong, composed, he has all the tools; if Allardyce can find his best, then his loan could prove a coup.
Andre Ayew (Swansea City vs Leicester City)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
They say you should never go back, but there was delight at the Liberty Stadium after the Swans splashed £18million to take Andre Ayew back to Wales.
Ayew impressed in 2015-16 for the club, scoring 12 goals after joining on a free transfer and persuading West Ham to spend £20.5million to land his services.
Now the 28-year-old returns and will add more devilment to Carlos Carvalhal's rapidly-improving side, and will create an all-action strike partnership with younger brother Jordan.
Alexander Sorloth (Crystal Palace vs Newcastle United)
(Image: FrontzoneSport)
Last summer, the 22-year-old 6ft 4in striker moved from Dutch side Groningen to Danish football, costing FC Midtylland just £350,000.
Sorloth had stuggled in the Eredivisie, scoring just five goals in 38 games, but found his feet in the Danish Superliga, bagging 10 in 19 - and another four in six in the Europa League.
That has prompted Palace to splash £9million on the 12-cap Norwegian international, in their desperation to add to their attack - desperation enhanced by the injury suffered by Bakary Sako at West Ham.
On paper, looks a major risk.
New Delhi: President Ram Nath Kovind will honour 112 heroes of India's armed forces with gallantry awards, including five Kirti Chakras, given for extreme valour and self-sacrifice, on the occasion of 71st Independence Day on Tuesday.
The five Kirti Chakra recipients are Major Preetam Singh Kunwar (Garhwal Rifles), Havildar Giris Gurung (Posthumous, Gorkha Rifles), Major David Manlun (Naga Regiment), CRPF commandant Pramod Kumar (Posthumous) and CRPF commandant Chetan Kumar Cheeta.
The supreme commander of the armed forces will also give away 17 Shaurya Chakras, 85 Sena Medals, three Nao Sena Medals and two Vayu Sena Medals.
The president has also awarded “Mention-in-Despatches” to 40 army and air personnel for their significant contributions in military operations.
These awards include two for Operation Meghdoot, 32 for Operation Rakshak, four for Operation Orchid and one each for Army Headquarters and Air Force, the government said on the eve of I-Day.
Earlier, addressing the nation on the eve of 71st Independence Day, President Kovind said it is time the citizens take inspiration from those who gave their lives for the nation and move forward.
Acknowledging the hardships faced by the country's security forces in the line of duty, the president said, "Our soldiers who guard our borders are not just doing their duty; they are displaying an extra degree of selflessness."
CRPF commandant Pramod Kumar was killed in an encounter immediately after unfurling the flag at CRPF Srinagar office on August 15th last year.
Another Kirti Chakra nominee Chetan Kumar Cheeta was wounded during a joint operation in the Hajin area of North Kashmir's Bandipora district on February 14 this year. He survived nine bullet injuries.
Havildar Giris Gurung, also a Kirti Chakra recipient, was martyred during a counter-infiltration operation along the LoC in Kashmir's Kupwara on May 20.
The Kirti Chakra is the second highest military award given in peacetime for bravery and sacrifice, while the Shaurya Chakra is the third highest decoration in order of precedence of peacetime gallantry awards. Sena, Nao Sena and Vayu Sena medals are given for exceptional devotion to duty or courage.
'Mention in dispatches' is given for meritorious services and gallantry which are not of a sufficiently high order to warrant the grant of gallantry awards.
On Monday, the president also approved Police Medals to 990 personnel, with Chhattisgarh's elite Special Task Force Platoon Commander Shankar Rao posthumously named for the President's Police Medal for Gallantry.
Rao, called ‘Fighter Rao' by his colleagues, showed exemplary courage during a Maoist ambush in Sukma district on April 11, 2015, in which his six other colleagues were also killed and 10 injured.
Gardaí are investigating the circumstance behind a chilling late night robbery in Dundalk.
At approximately 3.45am on Sunday 16th of April a man was robbed on Armagh Road by a male in his late teens wielding a stanley knife.
The victim initially fled but was unable to get away and was forced to hand over €60. Another male and two females were spotted in the vicinity of the robbery.
The perpetrator was described as being 5'9 to 5'10 and in his late teens. He was wearing a grey tracksuit top, black bottoms and dark hair.
Anyone with information is asked to come forward or to contact Dundalk Garda Station on (042) 938 8400.
When she opened Talluci's in Farmingdale, Danielle Cataffo was determined to think outside the pizza box. The second-generation pizzeria owner rethought everything, from the dining room's décor to the shape of the pies.
Talluci's opened in a strip mall across from Farmingdale State College in late 2015 and has been picking up steam ever since, thanks, in part, to its highly Instagrammable fare (follow along at @talluci_pizza). With its exposed ductwork, reclaimed wood siding and marble countertops, it looks more like a chic gastropub than a neighborhood slice joint. And the pies on the counter are rectangular, not round. “Everyone loved our grandma crust, which gets baked twice — once when it's just the dough, and then after it's ‘dressed.'” Cataffo said. “So we decided to make the rest of the pizzas the same way.”
Not all of the pizzas, though. Talluci's makes a round deep-dish pizza filled with sausage, peppers and onions and topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella. “To me it tastes like an Italian street fair,” she said.
Talluci's also serves a number of unorthodox pizzas, chief among them the bacon-egg-cheese pie. “We're right across from a college and next to a bagel place. In the morning I'd see the kids split up because some of them wanted breakfast. So I made a breakfast pizza.”
In addition to pizzas ($18 to $22 for an eight-slice pie; $4 to $5 for most specialty slices), Talluci's serves calzones, appetizers, salads, heros, sandwiches (on homemade focaccia) and pasta. Pizzaiolo Danato Nortesano, a native of Naples, also makes his own brick-oven loaves that come out of the oven around 2 p.m. on weekdays.
Talluci's derives its name from Cataffo's niece, Tallula, and daughter, Lucia. The mash-up was the inadvertent invention of Arthur Cataffo who, in addition to being her father and the girls' grandfather, is a partner in the business. Back in the 1970s, he owned a pizzeria, University Pizza, in this very same shopping center, and then went on to own Carrington's in Melville, The Grill Room in Hauppauge and Pasta Cucina in Farmingdale.
Talluci's Pizzeria is at 1249 Melville Rd., Famingdale, 631-390-9684.
CTV Atlantic
The family of a Moncton man who was struck and killed by a train in 2016 has filed legal action with hopes that no other family will experience what they've gone through.
Diane Harel alleges her son Steven's wheelchair was stuck in the tracks, resulting in the fatal incident. Now they're seeking damages in a civil lawsuit filed in a Moncton court.
“We can't just keep crying every day. We have to keep going. We have to live,” Harel says. “We're not going to stop until someone does something. Then we'll be happy."
A statement of claim states Steven Harel was unable to free his wheelchair from the tracks in the early hours of July 27th, 2016, waiting an “excruciatingly long time” before the train collided with him.
“It wasn't Stephen Harel's fault that he was ploughed through by a train,” says the family's lawyer, Brian Murphy. “He was in a wheelchair which was approved and was going across a crossing which should have been safe, and he got stuck.”
The Harel family is suing CN Rail, the City of Moncton, a wheelchair manufacturer and a medical equipment provider for unspecified damages, citing alleged negligence and improper wheelchair design and instruction.
Murphy is questioning the design of the railway crossing.
“The road bed, the design, the angles, a lot of this has to be hashed out in the evidence and the transportation safety board report, which is coming out imminently,” he says.
CN Rail declined to answer specific questions. In a statement to CTV News, a company spokesperson said: "This incident was a terrible tragedy and it remains the subject of a [Transportation Safety Board] investigation and pending litigation."
The City of Moncton declined any comment, while the other defendants did not return CTV News's calls by air time.
Court documents show CN Rail plans to fight the allegations.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Cami Kepke.
CLOSE New Castle County Council rejected a proposed 15% increase of residents' property taxes, putting the county's budget-making process in limbo. Xerxes Wilson & Damian Giletto
Buy Photo Matt Meyer addresses the Indian community during Diwali "festival of lights" Sunday, Oct 15, 2017 at the Nur Shrine in New Castle. (Photo: SAQUAN STIMPSON/SPECIAL TO THE NEWS JOURNAL)Buy Photo
A new tax increase plan introduced to New Castle County Council would phase in the 15 percent property tax hike sought by County Executive Matt Meyer over two years.
The proposal, unveiled Tuesday, gives residents a credit to negate half the increase for the coming year, effectively raising property taxes 7.5 percent. The full 15 percent hike would take effect the following year.
County Council and Meyer have been at odds over funding for government services after council last week rejected his proposed 15 percent property tax hike that would have taken effect in the coming fiscal year that begins July 1.
Meyer's administration has calculated a $21 million budget shortfall for the coming fiscal year and has said balancing the budget from reserves would be "irresponsible." To avoid that, he's said raising taxes 15 percent would be necessary.
BACKGROUND
County Council and Executive Matt Meyer locked in budget showdown
NCCo Council votes down tax increase
For weeks, County Council members said Meyer's proposal was too steep or that they'd like to see the hike phased in.
To this point, Meyer has previously said he is against staggering the increase because it would require pulling from the county's tax reserves in order to balance the budget this year. Such a withdrawal would put the county's savings in a precariously low position, threatening its AAA credit rating, he has said.
In town hall meetings with residents, he said drastic cuts to government services would be necessary if council did not support the 15 percent increase for the coming year. There was talk of closing libraries, parks and sports programs.
That tone changed Tuesday with his spokesman calling the new legislation a "work in progress." In a written statement after the new legislation was introduced, Meyer said the new proposal to stagger the 15 percent hike would not require reserves to be used and he endorsed the staggered implementation of the increase.
Buy Photo New Castle County Executive Matt Meyer holds a press conference at Appoquinimink Library in Middletown to launch a new effort to plan parks, the first of which will be a park south of the Chesapeake & Delaware Canal. (Photo: Suchat Pederson, The News Journal)
"This compromise plan provides the revenue, phased in over the next year, to fully fund the county's critical public services, balance our budget for the foreseeable future and end the years-long pattern of dipping into tax stabilization reserves to pay our bills," Meyer said in the written statement.
Councilman George Smiley introduced the legislation and described it as a proposal put forward by Meyer after negotiations with council members last week.
"He gets his 15 (percent) and council members that wanted the phase in, get their phase in," Smiley said of the new proposal.
Tuesday's meeting saw only the legally mandated introduction of the proposal with no discussion. The legislation will be debated and likely voted on at County Council's June 12 meeting.
TOP OF THE DELAWARE CHARTS
Dewey Beach brawl: Officers struck by a car and a horse was hit by a person, police say
'Egregious misconduct' could cost Dover psychiatrist Villabona his license
Wilmington's 'hotel row' continues at Riverfront
Contact Xerxes Wilson at (302) 324-2787 or xwilson@delawareonline.com. Follow @Ber_Xerxes on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/2018/05/30/meyer-budges-endorses-staggered-tax-property-tax-hike/654027002/
The 'Ilima canoe is believed to be 94 years old. (Image: Outrigger Hotel)
An old canoe believed to be built on the Big Island has found a new home in Waikiki.
It's going on display at the OHANA Waikiki East.
On Wednesday, hotel staff held a traditional Hawaiian blessing to welcome the canoe home.
Named 'Ilima after the flower of Oahu, the canoe is believed to be around 94 years old and one of the few canoes left in existence made in the traditional style.
Hotel leaders say welcoming the canoe is symbolic of a new direction as they welcome new management to the company.
"It's all about sailing, it's all about the canoe, it's all about moving forward, it's all about the journey," Luana Maitland, Outrigger's Director of Cultural Programs said. "I believe that's a great way to sum up what Outrigger is all about and where their heart is."
The canoe is likely to have been built on Hawaii Island due to the availability of Koa logs there.
In February of 2012, Tay Perry completed restoration work on the canoe.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Market Scenario:
Earlier, lecture capture system can be explained as the smart technology which is used for audio recordings. Currently, technology plays an important role in every day's life. For instance, smart lecture capture system are used to record lectures so that it can be saved in the databases. Smart lecture capture system is basically a part of smart education system. A smart multi-disciplinary student centric education system are adopted across various schools, tertiary institutions and workforce training. The system offers various functions such as better learning programs, collaborative technologies, digital learning resources and online learning sources among others.
The factors contributing to the growth of the Smart Lecture Capture System Market are growing collaboration between hardware vendors and educational content providers, technological changes, increasing demand for distance education and government initiatives. Furthermore, factors such as high penetration of handheld devices and increasing demand by corporates for training of employees are expected to boost the growth of the smart lecture capture system market over the forecast period, 2017-2023.However, various regulations and policies and storage issues are the factors hampering the growth of the overall market.
Geographically, North America accounted for the largest market share in the global smart lecture capture system market, whereas Asia-Pacific is expected to grow at a fast pace over the forecast period, 2017-2023.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3959
Major Key Players:
Panopto (US)
Kaltura, Inc. (US)
Echo360, Inc. (US)
Crestron Electronics, Inc. (US)
Sonic Foundry, Inc. (US)
VBrick (US), VIDIZMO LLC (US)
UbiCast (France)
YuJa Corporation (US)
McGraw-Hill Education, Inc. (US)
Cisco Systems, Inc. (US)
UbiCast (France)
Telestream, LLC (US)
Study Objectives of Global Smart Lecture Capture System Market:
To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast of the various segments and sub-segments of the global smart lecture capture system market.
To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth.
To analyze the global smart lecture capture system market based porter's five force analysis etc.
To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW).
To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective.
To provide country level analysis of the market for segment by component, deployment, service, end-users and region.
To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market.
To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the global smart lecture capture system market.
Segments:
For the purpose of this study, Market Research Future has segmented the market of smart lecture capture system into component, deployment, service type, end-users and region.
Component:
Hardware
Software
Deployment:
On-premises
Cloud
Services:
Training
Maintenance
Professional
Others
End-users:
Educational Institutes
Corporate
Others
Region:
North-America
Europe
Asia-Pacific
RoW
Regional Analysis:
Regionally, North-America accounted for the largest market share, increasing connectivity of handheld devices, growing innovative developments and technological advancement are benefiting all the smart learning education system market this region. Also, the increasing adequate infrastructure and various gadgets such as e-books, readers and laptops among others.
Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/smart-lecture-capture-system-market-3959
Intended Audience:
Manufacturers
Distributors
Research firms
Consultancy firms
Software Developers
Vendors
Semiconductor Manufacturers
End-user sectors
Technology Investors
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
New Delhi: The Supreme Court will on Monday hear a plea filed by Congress leader Tehseen Poonawalla demanding a ban on `gau rakshaks`, who are active in several states - especially those ruled by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) that have strict cow protection law.
The apex court earlier agreed to examine rising cow vigilantism across states following a string of recent cases of violence, especially against Dalits and Muslims, by members of bovine-protection groups.
Poonawalla, in his plea, said violence committed by these `Gau Raksha` groups have reached to such proportions that even Prime Minister Narendra Modi declared them as people who are "destroying the society".
The plea alleged that these groups were committing atrocities against Dalits and minorities in the name of protection of cows and other bovines and they needed to be "regulated and banned in the interest of social harmony, public morality and law and order in the country".
The plea sought to declare as "unconstitutional" section 12 of the Gujarat Animal Prevention Act, 1954, Section 13 of Maharashtra Animal Prevention Act, 1976, and Section 15 of Karnataka Prevention of Cow Slaughter and Cattle Preservation Act, 1964, which provide for protection of persons acting in good faith under the Act or rules.
With ANI inputs
China has expressed hope that the informal nature of talks that are to be held between Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping will lead to an "important consensus" between the two leaders.
PM Modi is set to visit China on April 27 and 28. He will set down for an "informal summit" with Xi in Central China's Wuhan. What it means is that the two leaders will speak with each other with few officials present, and will look to arrive on a common understanding on the larger picture of how the ties between India and China should be oriented. What they will not be doing is discussing specific issues like the unresolved border dispute or the UN designation of Pakistan-based Masood Azhar as a terrorist and other such issues.
The Chinese Foreign Ministry has expressed hope that the two leaders, who have met multiple times - with reciprocal state visits and on the sidelines of multiple international organisations - will be able to bring the two Asian giants on the same page on issues of global importance.
"In the face of unprecedented changes in the world today as well as uncertainty and instability in the current international situation, President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Modi, as the leaders of the two largest developing countries, also feel that the two countries need to communicate in great depth on some long-term, comprehensive, and strategic issues embedded in bilateral relations and international affairs," said Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang on Tuesday evening.
"The two sides agreed that an informal meeting would be a good idea so that the two leaders would make full and in-depth exchanges on major issues of common concern in a suitable atmosphere. We believe that more important consensus will be reached during the informal meeting in Wuhan which will contribute to the sound and stable development of China-India relations," he added.
Foreign policy wonks on both sides of the border have stressed that the meeting is unprecedented as this is the first time China is hosting an informal summit spanning about two days. They have said this signifies the importance Beijing attaches to ties with New Delhi, which experienced chills over a host of issues last year, including the Doklam standoff.
Signs aimed at persuading people not to smoke in children's play areas are being installed in parks across Harrogate district, following a successful trial last year.
Council officials hope is the signs stating - We play here. Please don't smoke in our play area - will make people think twice before they smoke near children's play areas, reducing the possibility of passive smoking.
In 2014, the council carried out a public consultation on what people thought about the issue of smoking in children's play areas and 80 per cent of the responses were in favour of action being taken.
As a result, signs were trialled in three of the council's play areas: Harrogate's Valley Gardens, Fysche Hall Field near Knaresborough Pool and Ripon Spa Park.
The feedback from those sites has been positive and anecdotal evidence suggests the number of people smoking in, or immediately around the play areas, has reduced.
With joint funding from Harrogate Borough Council and North Yorkshire County Council's ‘smoke free places' fund, another 24 signs are now being installed across the district.
Eventually, it's hoped signs will be displayed in all 60 of the council's play areas.
Coun Andy Paraskos, cabinet member with responsibility for play areas, said: “I'm really pleased we're able to extend this scheme to more of our play areas.
“It isn't about telling people what they can or can't do in our parks – the no smoking message is voluntary.
“Instead, we just want smokers to think twice before they light-up where youngsters are playing.
“Passive smoking is a serious issue, especially for children, who are at much greater risk from respiratory infections caused by second-hand smoke.”
Welcome to Ars Cardboard, our regular series on tabletop games! Check out a complete listing of all our board and card gaming coverage
For gamers of a certain age, Blood Bowl has a special resonance. Pitched as “the game of fantasy football,” it's gridiron for Tolkien fans, in which two teams taken from numerous fantasy races beat the ever-living crap out of one another while vaguely attempting to get a ball over a line. It is amazing.
This is the game's first boxed edition and its first new player models in something like 22 years—a criminal amount of time to wait for something so good. And while the components may be all-new and its models may benefit from two decades of improvements in plastics technology, the rules themselves are basically unchanged, and they're all the better for it.
Game details Designer: Jervis Johnson
Publisher: Games Workshop
Players: 2
Age: 12+
Playing time: 45-150 minutes
Price: ~£55
Cartoonish fantasy violence is the order of the day. It's actual (American) football dialled up to 111, without league commissioners who pretend that they care about players' head injuries. There's simply an incredible amount of flavour, and past editions have seen teams of just about every fantasy trope released, from leagues of vampires who file thralls as linemen in case they need to feed during a match to mobs of goblins wielding chainsaws, pogo sticks, and big round bombs. You've got dwarves, elves, mummies, ogres, halflings (if you are particularly unbothered about winning a match), ratmen, demons, amazons, and the list goes on. Few of these factions are out yet, either as models or as rules, and no one except the designers themselves knows how many will eventually be released. It just depends on how many people buy the base game.
Tom Mendelsohn
Tom Mendelsohn
Tom Mendelsohn
There are two additional team outs at present, the fast, fragile skaven (ratmen), and the dwarves—slow, tough, and somehow allowed to deploy a machine called a “death-roller”—but various others are apparently on their way. Happily, there is an enormous secondary market of off-brand fantasy-themed gridiron sports teams out there to buy, and many small miniatures companies will sell you fairly complete teams you'll be able to use everywhere except for official Games Workshop tournaments, where non-official models are verboten.
The old ones are the best
Everything is prosecuted with a whopping dollop of wry British humour, all written with a love for both of the game's major tropes: football and fantasy. It's set in a kind of high-fantasy mirror world, where the usual racial tensions tend to be solved on blood-soaked pitches rather than battlefields, and no one seems to be that worried about the body count. Everything is given a sardonic twist: the elves are haughty princelings, fans watch matches on a network of crystal balls via the Necromancers Broadcasting Circle (NBC) or the Association of Broadcasting Conjurers (ABC), and no one seems to mind playing against teams made up of literal demons. The generous titbits of lore that pepper the rulebook are frequently hilarious, if not entirely changed from the last printed edition.
Teams, meanwhile, are given affectionate cod-NFL names, clever puns like the Orcland Raiders, the Darkside Cowboys, and the Washington Deadskins. If Games Workshop ever releases a team of chivalric knights like the one that comes with the Blood Bowl 2 video game, I'm calling them Olympic Lyonesse (which is a very witty pun on a popular French soccer team and the Arthurian island of legend, for confused readers).
Beyond that, there's a whole bunch of fluff about how playing the sport is actually giving praise to an ancient god called Nuffle whose high priests wore sacred robes of vertical black and white stripes and its subsequent long and ignominious history. It's all just a lot of fun.
The fun in the lore would count for very little if it were swaddled in a crappy game, however. In case I haven't made it clear, this is anything but. Fair warning: Blood Bowl is a game of dice. It rewards careful coaching and tactical nous, but there's nothing you can do in the face of horrible dice rolls. You have to develop a kind of zen calm when your star dude, a veteran of two dozen games, trips over while trying to run that one extra space to score and kills himself no matter how many rerolls and team apothecaries you wheel out to try and satiate the D6 gods. And if you make a bad roll by fumbling a pass or getting knocked over when you try and thump the opposition, it forces a turnover and you lose the rest of your moves. Blood Bowl then becomes a game of tactics and weighing probabilities. It rewards careful play, but sometimes you need the dice to go your way to pull off the move you want to make—and it gets the balance just right.
How it plays
You start with 11 dudes a side (because that number is for whatever reason sacred to Nuffle), whether they're ogres or halflings. Each team has limits on the numbers of specialised players they can field, so you'll never line up against 11 trolls. Every team member has stats: movement, strength, agility, and armour. The first determines how far you can go; the more movement you have, the less likely you are to be able to biff the other lot. Strength determines how many block dice you roll and is modified by how many friendly and unfriendly dudes are in your tackle zone—the ring of squares around each player. The dicec have custom symbols that either knock them over, knock you over, knock you both over, or push them back. The more dice, the better. Agility is for dodging out of tackle zones, making and intercepting passes, and picking up the ball. Armour determines how easy it is to injure you.
The more injuries (deaths, serious injuries, knock-outs, stuns, or simple knockdowns) you sustain, the less able you are to prevent the tide of the enemy overwhelming you. There are a load of skills, too. Some make you better at clobbering opponents or avoiding a clobbering, while others, if you're playing the right team, might let you leap over the heads of the enemy, chuck your teammate like a ball while he's carrying the ball (in the case of ogres and goblins), or grow an extra arm to make catching easier (if you're playing for the mutation-happy god of decay).
Otherwise, Blood Bowl basically proceeds like an actual NFL game, albeit one where murder isn't a sending-off offence. The rules, honed by a sanctioned committee of dedicated fans over two decades in the wilderness, pretty much cover every eventuality and convey the experience gloriously. And whatever you do, don't let anyone describe Blood Bowl as a "beer 'n' pretzels" strategy-light game. It might have diced, but it's pitched in a particularly sweet spot that favours skilled players but allows noobs to pull off satisfying upsets.
The real joy of Blood Bowl, though, is playing in a league. You don't get league rules in the base set—fair enough, because as far as I'm aware, you never did—but they're available in the first printed supplement for the new edition, Death Zone Season 1, which costs £15. It's worth every penny, not just because it gives you rules for another seven teams. A Blood Bowl league is one of the purest forms of joy known to mankind, and it can be played with as few as four people or as many as the actual NFL—provided the person organising it has bottomless reserves of patience.
The rules allow for players to gain experience in the form of star player points, from successful passes, touchdowns, and inflicting injuries. A veteran with boosted stats and extra skills is a precious thing, and it hurts even more when inevitably they die to a lucky nut-punch from a wimpy elf thrower. The league rules, too, are basically bulletproof after a gestation of this length, and they carefully avoid mismatches by allowing teams to recruit wandering star players, or buy various inducements from tasty beer that prevents injuries, to wizards you hire to casually chuck fireballs at the opposition ball-carrier as he bears down on your endzone.
There are also several massive online Blood Bowl communities that run leagues across the world.
Minor gripes
In general, the package is great—though at £65, it's perhaps a touch on the pricey side, at least in comparison with non-Games Workshop games. The components are excellent: detailed miniatures, a solid double-sided board showing orc and human pitches, all the measuring equipment and dice one could possibly need, as well as a satisfyingly dense rulebook and a handful of “special play” cards to throw you that extra in-game curveball.
It's not entirely without its flaws, however. There are, for instance, several barriers to entry for total neophytes: the miniatures, while heavy on detail and, comparatively to other Warhammer minis, easy to put together, come on fiddly sprues. You absolutely need a sharp modelling knife and a steady hand to cut them loose; prior experience at liberating hard plastic from sprues would be of great help. I haven't touched a multipart plastic miniature in decades, and I definitely made a few sub-optimal cuts when setting up.
The minis themselves are all carefully designed in three parts and generally snap firmly together. The orc blockers' faces have an unfortunate tendency to come off, however, and the blitzers' entire right arms are worse; it's nothing that can't be fixed with plastic glue, but it adds another layer of complexity for people who didn't spend their childhoods gluing armies together. Plus, you're kinda supposed to paint the models. Nigh-on 25 years of crummily painted miniatures in various games have taught me that I'm never going to be that guy—plus, if you don't own supplies, buying paints and brushes is very expensive. Without paintjobs, many of the models look similar, but that's a minor concern.
Another major omission are sample team lists. There are 12 dudes per team in the box, but because orcs are slightly tougher than humans, they cost a bit more gold, meaning it's not quite fair to just give both players even sides. Our first time out, we were forced to spend ages totting up gold values for our respective teams because the box doesn't make the obvious inclusion of two pre-made team lists. And with league rules in the supplement, the box is only set up for one-off games anyway. It turns out that the humans should basically get to start with one additional team reroll, but that's not immediately apparent, and there's no reason it shouldn't have been.
While we're at it, older editions of the game came with a nice thick pad of team roster sheets, which would have made for another simple inclusion in the new package. There's one in the rulebook to photocopy, but that's fiddly both because it forces you to bend the already-weak binding out of shape to get it flat and because not everyone has access to a scanner. No-one wants to be the dweeb caught doing that at work.
The next gripe is more of an old pros' concern: neither team comes with the optimal types of players. The best human teams have four blitzers, two catchers, and probably only one thrower rather than the two, two, and two you're given. Similarly, orcs generally want more hitty guys and fewer linemen, and if you want to make a league team, you'll likely have to buy another box (and indeed the ogre or the troll when they're released) without getting a lot of use out of most of the contents. The same apparently goes for the skaven team, which is especially vulnerable without its rat ogre. This is undoubtedly a conscious decision made by the notoriously pennywise Games Workshop, and it rankles.
Early reports coming out of the notoriously secretive Games Workshop studios in Nottingham (at least, reports I read on Reddit from people who attended a recent open day) are suggesting that the new release of the game has smashed sales expectations, and that this will likely mean more products. At present, a couple of classic star players have appeared alongside a standalone ogre, a skaven rat ogre, a troll for the orcs, and a dwarven death-roller, though some of these are being released through the company's yet-more-expensive Forge World brand in resin, which is harder to model than plastic. Various flavours of elves are detailed in Death Zone, alongside the cheerfully rotting acolytes of the god of decay (harder to tackle as a result of their BO, basically); presumably they'll see the light of day, too. Sundry other gubbins have been promised as well—including differently designed boards and one or two limited edition star players that are presently only available at Games Workshop HQ.
Even if it didn't recieve ongoing support, the base game is a great package. There are enough third-party model-makers and gamers for you to start or join a local league, and the game has survived more than two decades in the wilderness already. With luck, however, it will keep growing, getting that support, and blossoming into something long-lasting and beautiful.
This post originated on Ars Technica UK
Listing image by Games Workshop
KEARNEY – The University of Nebraska Board of Regents Thursday approved the University of Nebraska Medical Center's proposal to create an Occupational Therapy Doctorate Program within its College of Allied Health Professions.
UNMC would educate occupational therapy students at the Health Science Education Complex on the University of Nebraska at Kearney campus and its Omaha campus.
Occupational therapists help patients develop, regain and improve the skills needed to participate in activities of daily living, and function more effectively in home, work and social activities. They are licensed in every state and serve patients in a variety of environments.
UNMC aims to enroll 42-46 students annually in the three-year, 116-credit hour program. No new state funds will be required for the occupational therapy doctorate program.
Nebraska's aging population and increased prevalence of chronic conditions are expected to continue to drive workforce demand. Meanwhile, a survey of students at Nebraska's state colleges and universities has shown strong interest in occupational therapy as a profession.
Thirty-two Nebraska counties have been designated as occupational therapy shortage areas.
UNMC's occupational therapy education program is the first at a public institution in Nebraska.
Meeting the continued student and workforce demand, particularly in rural Nebraska, and providing Nebraska students a public university option, were the primary goals in developing the new program, said Kyle Meyer, dean of UNMC's College of Allied Health Professions.
“In addition, the new occupational therapy program will be integrated with our existing doctor of physical therapy program, which will both enhance interprofessional education and promote efficiencies,” Meyer said.
Currently, occupational therapy education programs are accredited at both the master's and clinical doctorate level, but the Accreditation Council for Occupational Therapy Education has mandated that all entry-level degree programs will be at the doctoral level by 2027.
Upon approval by the Nebraska Coordinating Commission for Postsecondary Education, UNMC will begin recruitment for a program director and seek accreditation, with the plan to begin enrollment in the fall of 2019.
Kayden Biffin (12), Jason Biffin, Gemma Biffin and Chelsea Biffin hoped to get the bus route rezoned to help get Kayden to school.
Kayden Biffin (12), Jason Biffin, Gemma Biffin and Chelsea Biffin hoped to get the bus route rezoned to help get Kayden to school. Picture: Picture: Aiden Boyham, Aiden Boyham
A Wellard family with a child who has autism and an intellectual disability have had their requests for transport assistance to and from their chosen school knocked back.
Jason Biffin, father to 12-year-old Kayden Biffin, has been locked in a battle over transport assistance for his son to attend Malibu School in Rockingham.
With his son finishing up primary education at Leda Education Support Centre last year, Mr Biffin decided to enrol his son at Malibu School, confident the school's academic, emotional and social programs were the best match for his needs.
However, with Mr Biffin's residence falling just outside of the designated Malibu School pick-up zone, his son only qualifies for a school pick-up to Atwell College, despite it being further away than Malibu.
Mr Biffin said the complexity of his son's disability made it impossible for Atwell to be a viable option because mixing with mainstream students could lead to high levels of social and emotional distress.
“My wife is in poor health and is disabled so she can't take Kayden to school,” Mr Biffin said.
“I'm also doing shift work.
“We have nowhere else left to turn — we need the bus service.”
The Public Transport Authority, which is responsible for the School Bus Services division, said it worked closely with the Department of Education to define catchment areas, with routes designed to transport the maximum number of students in minimal time.
“For a number of years, Malibu School in Safety Bay and Leda Primary School ESC were the closest appropriate schools for students living in Kwina-na,” a PTA spokeswoman said.
“When Atwell College opened in 2009, the closest appropriate ESC school for these students shifted to Atwell.
“To avoid undue disruption to families whose children were already attending Malibu School, SBS continued running services between Kwinana and Malibu until the last student completed Year 12 in December, 2017.
“As of this school year, this service will no longer travel to Kwinana and will only pick up students from Baldivis.”
I was hypnotized on a queen size bed at the Hilton New York Grand Central. There, I lay with my back positioned against the headboard. I wore jeans, a T-shirt, and sneakers, and my eyes were covered with a sleep mask. My hands were crossed neatly on my lap. Every party of my body felt numb as I slowly and heavily sank deeper into the mattress. Suddenly, memories from my unconscious mind began to paint a scene not from 2017 Manhattan, but instead from 1800s India.
Ann C. Barham and I had just met 30 minutes ago in the lobby. As a licensed marriage and family therapist and certified regression therapist, Barham was tasked with unearthing my past life in hopes of helping me take home life lessons applicable to my current life. I've never been to conventional therapy, and this was my first step toward nursing my mental health.
Barham was warm and intelligent, and within minutes of meeting, I felt comfortable enough to begin our session. I had casually flipped through her book, The Past Life Perspective ($14; amazon.com), so I understood the basic definition of past life regression: to unlock unconscious memories through hypnosis and guided imagery to see how the results can explain underlying problems today. Essentially, I agreed to go back in time.
In the weeks leading up to our session, Barham asked that I come prepared with a burning issue I'd like to address. I arrived with a laundry list. Mainly, I referenced my constant, often burdening anxiety, my father's alcoholism, and a negative obsession with my own body image. We agreed that a distorted self-perception was the most pressing problem to tackle.
I fell into a state of hypnosis easily. Barham's voice was soothing and familiar. Relaxing on the bed, she directed me to focus on my breath, to imagine my idea of bliss (I pictured the beach). Using a series of repetitive countdown techniques, she was able to strip away my conscious fodder and push my unconscious thoughts forward. There I was, lying on the bed at the Hilton, one foot in New York, the other in a place I hadn't yet recognized. Barham asked me to describe my feet, and from there, my journey officially began.
I was a 37-year-old man with a dark, tan complexion and a life in the 1800s India. My wavy brown hair fell at my shoulders. My face was narrow, with sharply pronounced cheekbones and a half-grown beard. My brown leather sandals were dusty from years spent walking above sandy terrain.
VIDEO: This Is the Best Time of Day to See Your Therapist
I wore a long white tunic with sleeves. In my left hand, I carried a taupe wicker basket with a top handle. It was hot, my thirst quenched, and that man, my former self, began to walk toward the market. It suddenly felt routine. This market illustrated itself beautifully in my mind. It was mid-morning, and children ran beneath a canopy of cloth-covered outdoor hallways, each lined with stands of fresh fruit and vegetables. I felt at peace. Picture a scene out of Aladdin; that's where I was.
How accurate was this depiction of life in the 1800s India, I wondered? As Barham writes in her book, whether or not the details of my story are actually true is beside the point. "When I approach the past life memories of a client, I'm looking for the emotional impact of the event," she writes. "What meaning did that past life personally attach to it? What thoughts or decisions arose as a result? How are these events, thoughts, and decisions impacting the client now in his/her current life? What insights can we integrate so the client can move forward more freely?"
I had to find out myself.
Of course, I did question the validity of my own thoughts. Even while unlocking unconscious memories, I was still aware of my surroundings in that hotel room. I still felt anxious, still wondered what Barham thought of me. I second-guessed myself several times. India? I vocalized the name of the country, but later in the session, realized my location felt more akin to Egypt. The small, potential discrepancies in time, place, and age, however, felt irrelevant to my journey.
RELATED: 17 Celebrities Who've Gone Alcohol-Free
Luckily, I was able to see my life come full-circle. As a young adult, I watched my younger sister get kidnapped at the market I walked into daily. I felt tremendously guilty but didn't have the courage to run and find her. Explaining this to Barham, she replied with questions that brought forward key character traits. "So actually dealing with conflict or difficulties is not part of your skill set?" she asked. Correct.
Later in that life, I became a governor, confidently signing important legislature into place. I proudly married a woman and had a child with her. I watched as I lost all my wealth, appearing to look happier with less as I aged. My adult daughter and her husband took care of me in my final days. I peacefully passed away, moving on to a higher place with more understanding and a richer sense of self.
It may sound too good to be true, but that's exactly what I envisioned, as Barham guided me through the process, asking a series of questions that only I answered. Then, we connected the dots. Barham directed me to acknowledge the evolution of that lifetime, to recognize my strengths, my weaknesses, and begin to discover what key events from that life potentially shape my current life.
With a sense of relief, I explained all that I learned to Barham. In my past life, I learned to focus more on familial relationships and less on power and wealth. I learned that happiness isn't always what you'd thought it would look like. I learned that being too critical of yourself can be dangerous; comparison to others is harmful. My body and my mind felt the need to remind me that the key to a better life begins with health. I told Barham I craved more water, more fruit, and more vegetables. I told myself to run more often as a form of meditation. I told myself to drink alcohol less often.
In her book, Barham repeatedly addresses the elephant in the room—What if, regardless of how cathartic I felt this was, I made it all up? "In the scheme of things, that isn't particularly important," she writes. "We can treat the past life stories as illustrative metaphors for the issues and influencers in a person's current life. It gives us rich material to work with."
There's a reason why I found myself wearing sandals, living in the 1800s India, and walking toward the market.
RELATED VIDEO: Lucy Hale Dishes on Why She Quit Drinking
I wasn't able to pinpoint the origin of my obsession with body image in my session. But I left with a greater understanding of what to value and how to make tomorrow better. The issues I listed as problematic appeared lighter, less important. I took deep breaths and, truthfully, felt at peace.
After leaving her hotel room, I wanted to reconnect with my family. I wanted to slow down, focus on my breath. I craved vegetables, and tomatoes in particular (I picked them up at the market in India). Outside, on 42nd street, I knew everything was going to be OK. I experienced a sense of calm I hadn't in years. For once, walking underground, pushing past crowds of New Yorkers, and riding the train home felt easy.
An American forest scientist has identified a new and scary face of global warming for Ottawa residents: Not drought or pestilence, but bigger and badder poison ivy.
Lee Frelich is a big name in the field of forecasting what climate change will do to forest species. He teaches at the University of Minnesota, and has been in the forest research business since the late 1970s. He knows Ontario's forests too.
And he says there's firm evidence that poison ivy will thrive in our expected future climate.
Climate change “will favour poison ivy quite dramatically,” he said in an interview. “Poison ivy is one of the few species that has a direct response to rising carbon dioxide levels.”
Climate change is caused by rising levels of various gases in the atmosphere, especially carbon dioxide from burning fuels.
The carbon in carbon dioxide is one of the raw materials that plants need to grow, and many plants extract it from the air through pores in their leaves, called stomata.
Most plants close up their stomata once they get all the carbon dioxide they need, Frelich said. This helps the leaves preserve moisture.
“Poison ivy is an exception to that. It just grows much more rampantly and it can use higher CO2 concentrations really well” by leaving its pores open to absorb more and more carbon.
“It will get much bigger, it will spread to a lot more areas, both because of the warmer temperatures and because of the higher CO2,” he said.
So that gives you a bigger and fast-spreading poison ivy plant. But what if it's also more poisonous?
Poison ivy contains an oil called urushiol, and exposure to this is what causes itching, pain and blistering in people.
A plant physiologist with the U.S. Department of Agriculture has been analyzing the urushiol produced under different growing conditions, and has come up with the theory that a changing climate will make the effect worse. Lewis Ziska says that once again, the greater supply of carbon dioxide in the air is the cause.
Poison ivy is commonplace in the Ottawa Valley and Gatineau Hills. It can grow in both alkaline soils (on limestone bedrock) and acidic soils (areas of granite). It is commonly found at the edges of forests.
Poison ivy has smooth, medium-green leaves set in groups of three. People sometimes confuse it with a trillium.
It is considered a real health threat. When Ontario banned the cosmetic use of pesticides in 2008, it made an exception for chemicals used to kill poison ivy.
tspears@postmedia.com
twitter.com/TomSpears1
Dramatic body camera footage released this week shows a Grand Rapids Police Officer holding the muzzle of his AR-15 rifle to the head, in a seeming attempt to torment him. On Tuesday, after they investigated themselves, Kent County Prosecutor Chris Becker said - in spite of the glaring violation of rights caught on video -against the officer."Placing the barrel of a gun on the head of a suspect being arrested isput out by the Grand Rapids Police Department or any other department in Kent County," Becker said in a statement on Tuesday, Oct. 3.However, despite the officer's actions being all those things, he will not face any legal consequences.The incident happened on August 19 and appeared to be a case of mistaken identity. That night, officers were responding to a call of an alleged armed robbery and when they showed up theyAccording to the report, the man was drunk and refused to cooperate by lowering and raising his hands. So, Sgt. Neil Gomez then deployed his taser and the man was immediately brought to the ground.From this point forward, it should've been a simple procedure: place him and handcuffs and determine that he is not the man they are looking for.However, that is not what happened. Instead, Officer Kevin Penn - seemingly drunk on his sadistic authority - began digging the muzzle of his rifle into the suspects head, tormenting him physically and verbally."Former Officer Penn took it one step further," Becker wrote. "He put the barrel of his gun to the suspect's head. ... He indicated to investigators when interviewed, and to try and control the individual's head as he was not complying with commands. This once again is nothing police are trained in, nor something that an officer is supposed to do, but the behaviorunder this set of facts."When watching the video, the idea that this officer's behavior does not rise to a criminal offense is as insulting as it is asinine."The suspect makes a crying noise, and states, 'That hurts bro,' and Officer Penn immediately responds with," according to an Internal Affairs report, obtained by MLive under Freedom of Information request."The muzzle is still pressed against the suspect's head and Officer (James) Smith tells Officer Penn, 'All right Kevin' and pushes the rifle away from the suspect's head with his head," an Internal Affairs report said."As Officer Penn moves back, the suspect continues asking what he did and states, 'Man, that hurted man. ...'"The report stated and the video confirmed that the muzzle of the rifle was used to force the suspect's head down. Luckily Penn did not kill the otherwise entirely innocent man.The suspect was then arrested on the standard 'resisting arrest' charges and later released on his own recognizance. Because he was drunk, the suspect did not remember the incident, which is likely the reason he never filed a complaint. However, after the release of this video, all that may change once an attorney sees the possibility of such an open and shut case."We do not condone the behavior of the officer, nor should this been seen as approval for this technique in the future," Becker wrote. "It is simply under these specific facts we are not charging the former officer ... ."The silver lining to this incident is, although Penn was allowed to resign without charges, he was at least caught because good cops saw his actions and reported him.
U.S. "liberals" cuddle fascists and right-wing religious extremists in Libya, Syria, Ukraine, Venezuela and elsewhere.But when similar movements appear on their own streets they are outraged.The person in the center on the above picture drove his car into a crowd of counter-protesters in Charlottesville killing one and wounding several.Politicians and media hail such persons when they appear, often hired by the CIA, to overthrow the government of some foreign country. They condemn the same mindset and actions at home. But glorification of right-wing violence elsewhere hands justification to right-wing groups at home.Above: Fascist torch march in Kiev January 28 2017. Then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Republican Senator McCain, The New York Times, the Washington Post and many "liberals" supported the above nazis.Above: Fascist torch march in Charlottesville, August 11 2017. Former presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, Republican Senator McCain, the New York Times, the Washington Post and many "liberals" condemned the above nazis.You can not have only one of these.To claim, as "liberals" do now, that such marches as in Charlottesville, "is not what and who we are", is a lie. Ask people from outside the U.S. how the empire appears and acts towards them.The U.S. uses fascism, religious extremism, torture, targeted killing and many other vile instruments of power in its quest for global dominance. All of these methods and ideologies, all of them, will one day come home.
MONDAY, March 19, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- For many women in or past menopause, vaginal dryness is a recurring symptom. But a new report finds that several treatments work equally well -- regardless of their price tag.
"The fact that all three treatments [tested] -- vaginal estradiol tablets, a vaginal moisturizer and the lubricating gel we used as a placebo -- were able to reduce symptoms is great news for women, since it means that regular use of any of these treatments is likely to have benefit, whether the cost is $20 or $200," said lead author Dr. Caroline Mitchell. She's an obstetrician-gynecologist at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston.
One ob-gyn unconnected to the new research agreed the findings are good news for women.
"Vaginal estrogen tablets and creams have become very expensive on many drug plans and for some patients they have become prohibitively expensive," noted Dr. Jennifer Wu, of Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City.
Wu advised that "in those cases, vaginal moisturizers and lubricants need to be considered."
The new study involved more than 300 women between the ages of 55 and 64 who had experienced moderate to severe vaginal itching, dryness, irritation or pain with sexual activity.
They were randomly divided into three treatment groups -- vaginal estradiol tablets, a vaginal moisturizer and the lubricating gel.
After three months of treatment, all three groups had similar improvements in their vaginal symptoms, according to the study published online March 19 in the journal JAMA Internal Medicine.
Speaking in a Mass General news release, Mitchell stressed that the issue can be problematic for many older women.
"The significant impact of vaginal discomfort on the lives of women is reflected by how quickly we were able to enroll more than 300 participants -- in less than a year," she said. "Women are desperate for some kind of intervention for these symptoms."
Indeed, "the overwhelming majority of women in our study were bothered by pain with sexual activity and earnestly wanted to help find a treatment for the many women bothered by this problem," said study co-author Dr. Susan Reed, from the department of obstetrics and gynecology at the University of Washington.
"More couples are remaining sexually intimate despite aging, and better therapies for vaginal discomfort need to be developed," Reed said in the news release.
Fortunately, the study findings "suggest that regular use of any one of these products may be helpful," said Mitchell.
Dr. Jill Rabin is co-chief of ambulatory care for Women's Health Programs at Northwell Health in New Hyde Park, N.Y. She wasn't involved in the study, but noted that -- given equal results -- women may choose treatment for vaginal dryness "based on price and convenience."
Rabin was also intrigued that the nonmedicinal lubricating gel worked as well as pricier pills or creams. "Is it the placebo effect, or are there properties in the gel that actually produced improvements in symptoms?" Rabin wondered.
More information
The Hormone Health Network has more on postmenopause.
-- Robert Preidt SOURCES: Jennifer Wu, M.D., obstetrician-gynecologist, Lenox Hill Hospital, New York City; Jill Rabin, M.D., co-chief, division of ambulatory care, Women's Health Programs-PCAP Services, Northwell Health, New Hyde Park, N.Y.; Massachusetts General Hospital, news release, March 19, 2018 Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. — Minnesota Vikings quarterback Sam Bradford's left knee has so far responded well to two weeks of rest, raising the possibility of a return for the next game at Chicago.
Bradford said Friday he is "definitely feeling better" after practicing with the team on a limited basis Thursday. That was his first work on the field in two weeks. He has missed the last three games because of soreness and swelling from an injury that occurred in the season opener.
Bradford declined to divulge the specific diagnosis, but said he's experiencing a residual effect of ACL surgeries he had in 2013 and 2014. Case Keenum has filled in, while the Vikings have lost two of three. They play Monday against the Bears.
___
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A disgusted mum-of-two slammed Tesco after allegedly finding a used condom in a packet of kale she served at dinner.
Chrissie Gilbert had bought the trendy superfood to accompany her family's evening meal of sausage and potatoes at the beginning of March.
She served generous portions to her husband Paul, 35, and two young sons Robin, six, and three-year-old Sam.
The following day she grabbed a handful of the leafy veg to give to her two guinea pigs Bubble and Squeak and claims to have discovered the "stained" contraceptive aid lying among the leaves.
The mum claims she was forced to visit a nurse to see if a full STI screening was necessary.
But she says medics assured her the chance of infection was minimal.
(Image: Mercury Press & Media)
(Image: Mercury Press & Media)
An investigation by manufacturer Emmett UK, who supply Tesco with curly kale, confirmed the item was an 'intact used' condom but concluded it could not have survived the harvesting and manufacturing process and the kale was 'contaminated post purchase'.
Chrissie, from Lincoln, said: “We'd had the kale with a meal the night before and had some left over in the packet.
“I chucked a handful of leaves into the guinea pigs' cage in the morning and in among them there was this condom.
“I just stood there for ages looking at it wondering what it was and ridiculously picked it up to look.
“I dropped it when I realised what it was then used kitchen roll to pick it back up.
“You could tell it was used as it looked a bit stained.
“I immediately felt quite sick and worried as we'd eaten a portion of the kale the night before and it was there among the leaves.”
(Image: Mercury Press & Media)
Chrissie, 38, photographed the item and sent it via recorded delivery to Tesco customer services who launched an investigation.
Six weeks later Chrissie received a three-page report back from Emmett UK which confirmed it was a used condom which had two dark hairs attached to it.
But due to the nature of how kale grows, how it is harvested in addition to the washing and slicing process at the factory, Emmett UK claim it was contaminated post purchase.
The company also claim that it is ‘highly unlikely' that Chrissie was a victim of malicious contamination due to their ‘highly trained and committed happy workforce'.
(Image: Mercury Press & Media)
Chrissie said: “I was sent a report from the supplier which was really insulting. In their opinion it was added post purchase – so either me or my husband, who's a health and safety assistant, added it.
“Do they think we haven't got anything better to do than put a used condom in kale ourselves? I was incredulous when I got that response.
“I know some people might do something as ludicrous as that but not us.
“They acknowledged it was a used condom with hairs attached to it – they could be pubic hairs or hairs from the guinea pigs' cage.
“The report said it was ‘highly unlikely' it was contaminated during the manufacturing process. It might well be very unlikely but it happened, it's come from somewhere.”
Although Chrissie did not ingest the condom she was concerned about the health implications of eating the veg surrounding it.
(Image: Mercury Press & Media)
Chrissie said: “Knowing that I've eaten food that's likely to have touched it makes me feel very sick and anxious.
“I don't know what that person who wore it had, had they got any diseases?
“My sons could have eaten it. It was on their plate but luckily they didn't touch it, but there's that worry at the back of my head that they've eaten some of it.
“My husband and I spent the whole evening feeling really sick.
“I don't even like kale, it just eats it because it's healthy.”
An Emmett UK spokesperson said: “Every day we harvest, shred (using a four blade slicer) then sieve and thoroughly wash and pack 40,000 bags of kale.
“To ensure that the kale reaches the customer in excellent condition there are multiple stringent quality control checks throughout.
“This process involves the extremely thorough automated washing, drying and packing of the kale into bags which are then sealed by machine.
“During the process optical graders are also used to help detect foreign objects.
“We take customer feedback very seriously and as soon as we were made aware of the complaint we initiated a full investigation.
“From this we concluded that the item could not have survived our rigorous quality processes.
“We are very sorry that Mrs Gilbert is not satisfied with the outcome of the investigation.”
A Tesco spokesperson said: “We have extremely high standards for the products we put on our shelves, and our growers work hard to inspect our salads carefully.
“Our supplier has investigated this case fully and found that this foreign object would not have remained unidentified or survived the harvesting, washing and slicing processes the product goes through before the bag is sealed.
“We are sorry if Mrs Gilbert is not happy with the conclusion of the investigation, we would be very happy to discuss this with her further if she wishes.”
Danny Bradbury is a technology journalist with over 20 years' experience writing about security, software development, and networking.
© Ajay Aggarwal
They have turned deadlier over the years.
Monitoring lacunae
Lightning strikes claim more lives annually in India than other natural disasters such as floods and cyclones.Climate change is leading to extreme weather events such as storms, rain, heatwaves and lightning are getting more frequent and more intense, causing more deaths and destruction.National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) data shows.Part of the reason for the higher number is better reportingscientists from the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology said.Lightning deaths are more common in rural areas where the presence of open spaces and outdoor work leads to more casualties. However, higher particulate matter pollution and loss of vegetation is also making urban areas more susceptible to lightning strikes.The researchers found that Aerial Optical Depth (AOD), which captures how much sunlight is obstructed from reaching the earth's surface by aerosols, has a positive correlation with lightning strikes. More green cover also decreases the chances of a deadly lightning strike."When aerosol loading increases in the atmosphere, it makes the cloud grow taller. If the vertical height of the cloud increases, there will be an increase in the charge separation or the distance between the positive and negative charge," Gopalkrishnan explained."The greater the charge separation, the greater the likelihood of a lightning strike," he said.How climate change impacts lightning strikes is still not well understood. Abnormal surface-level heating that leads to the formation of deeper thunderstorm clouds, could be giving rise to more lightning strikes, the scientist said.However, not everybody is convinced that pollution is contributing to more lightning strikes. "Deep convective clouds have greater chance of lightning events, but it depends greatly on how the clouds are developing, how the internal charging takes place," SN Tripathi, a scientist at IIT Kanpur, said.Experts, however, agree that India is especially prone to lightning strikes and also fatalities, and not having a monitoring network and lack of awareness are costing lives. Barring a handful of states, there is no lighting monitoring network on the ground."India is a very populous country - this certainly is a factor. But another very important factor is that India is a country where a lot of people work outdoors. These people are often caught in places that provide no proper shelter for safety when storms threaten," Mark Hoekzema, chief meteorologist at Earth Networks, a US-based company that operates a global lightning detection network, said."Another reason is the climate of India - being in the location it is on the earth, with a lot of heat and plenty of moisture from the Indian Ocean, it is an area that gets a lot of thunderstorms," he said.IITM, which is under the earth sciences ministry, operates a lightning location network in Maharashtra. It is planning to expand this network, but some states like Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, West Bengal, and most recently Odisha, have already signed agreements with Earth Networks to provide lightning monitoring services."Spikes in the amount of in-cloud lightning are a known precursor to severe weather on the ground and can be used for severe weather prediction and alerting," Hoekzema said."Andhra Pradesh has become a customer of Earth Networks' data earlier this year, and is using it with the help of its state disaster response agencies operating in the field to alert people about imminent lightning strikes up to around 30 minutes beforehand."India has only recently started to seriously study thunderstorms."The expert group looking at thunderstorms will also be studying lightning," Madhavan N Rajeevan, secretary, ministry of earth sciences, said."Lightning is a common phenomenon during thunderstorms. Deaths happen because people are not able to respond in time," Rajeevan said.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp will continue his squad rotation policy and is happy to shoulder the blame when the team does not win.
The German made six changes for the 229th Merseyside derby at home to Everton, leaving out Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino, and despite leading through Mohamed Salah's 19th goal of the season they were pegged back by Wayne Rooney's 77th-minute penalty.
While Klopp argued Dejan Lovren's challenge on Dominic Calvert-Lewin was not a spot-kick he stressed the team's inability to kill off the visitors was not down to the omission of key players.
With a busy schedule over the next few weeks Klopp will continue to manage his squad as he tries to avoid a repeat of last season when injuries and unavailability cost his side dearly, winning just once in January.
Asked if it was the correct decision to make the changes he did the Reds boss said: “I thought before the game, yes. Still yes, even when the result doesn't show it. We did it in the last six or seven weeks. We do it like this.
“Can they play better? Yes, but it's an intense time. Ask everybody who played during the week, it's intense what we're doing, so that's why we made changes.
“I've said it to the boys already, we can change as much as we want when we win the games, but when we don't win the games I take the blame. I have no problem with that.
“The boys who came in were fresh and did a brilliant job. You need to be ready for each challenge – and we were ready for each challenge.
Not a good day for Klopp with his team, penalty opinion & interview! Don't take a chance in the Derby with your team, no doubt EFC were lucky as they never had a chance of note but at 1-0 there's always a chance an LFC defender will do something stupid!! #LIVEVE — Jamie Carragher (@Carra23) December 10, 2017
“We tried everything. We could have scored, we had clear chances, half-chances – we had everything you need but we didn't use it. It was always clear a day like this could happen – we wanted to win 1-0 and we didn't.
“I was really happy with the performance of the team. We thought we needed fresh legs – that's what we had and we could have won it. We didn't, so, as I said, blame me.”
One of the changes saw left-back Andrew Robertson come in for the injured Alberto Moreno.
The Scotland international, making only his fourth Premier League appearance of the season, felt they wasted the opportunity to make it four successive derby wins against their near-neighbours.
Frustrating not to get the 3 points today, done more than enough to win the game! Great support from the fans ???? #YNWA A post shared by andrew robertson (@andyrobertson94) on Dec 10, 2017 at 11:18am PST
“You can see how the two teams reacted to the draw, we had our heads in our hands and their fans were going wild. I think that shows what the result meant,” he told LFCTV.
“We probably should have been more than 1-0 up at half-time and if we were I don't think they are coming back from that.
“The chance for Sadio (Mane) on the stroke of half-time if he puts that away or squares it is is 2-0 and the way we controlled the second half I think we see it out.
“We are disappointed with a draw but we need to dust ourselves down and get ready for Wednesday.”
CBS Local– As reports of a shooting taking place in the early morning hours at a baseball field involving government officials came in, most were naturally first concerned with the well-being of those involved.
Once it was revealed that none of the participants suffered life-threatening injuries, the second thought many had been, ‘what in the world were congressmen doing on a baseball field at 7 a.m. ET?'
The answer is preparing for the Congressional Baseball Game, of course.
The game is a tradition started in 1909 that pits Democratic and Republican members of Congress against one another in an effort to raise money for charity. Last year, more than $500,000 was raised.
This year the game is on June 15 at 7:30 p.m. ET. Participants aren't given uniforms, instead they wear jerseys local to the areas they represent.
It's the big day! Can you guess which Louisiana jersey I'll be wearing at tonight's Congressional Baseball Game? #tbt pic.twitter.com/6zxRxa6Dss — Rep. Steve Scalise (@SteveScalise) June 11, 2015
Flake and Scalise celebrating together after last year's Congressional Baseball Game. pic.twitter.com/7WsSY9Vh4e — Emily Jashinsky (@emilyjashinsky) June 14, 2017
The Democratic team has dominated in recent times, having won seven straight games before tasting defeat last year against the Republicans. The all-time series is tied at 39-39, with one tie.
In 1958, the game had temporarily been put to a halt because it had become “too physical,” so clearly the game can mimic the floor of congress from time to time.
Fans show up to the event typically to the tune of 10,000 at Nationals Park. Tickets can be purchased for $10 through MLB.
Last year, President Barack Obama attended the game for a few innings, but made sure not to seem partial towards one party or the other by spending time in both dugouts.
[India], June 15 (ANI): The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Thursday hit back at Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi for cornering the Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led government over job deficit in the country, and said the latter was staring at a bleak future for himself.
"Rahul Gandhi has become unemployed after our government came to power. The youth of this country have received massive employment opportunities under many schemes of our government. There has been an explosion in employment opportunities," BJP leader GVL Narasimha Rao told ANI. Rahul Gandhi
BJP leader Sambit Patra also slammed Rahul saying that the Congress did nothing for the economic growth and job creation during its regime. "It's an irony that Rahul Gandhi who is vacationing in Europe tweets from there thinking that people of India will take it seriously. Rahul Gandhi is a non serious leader. During the last 10 years they did nothing for the welfare and growth of the economy. Mr. Modi has worked relentlessly for the poor which is quite evident," Patra told ANI. Taking a jibe at the Centre, Rahul had earlier said the government has only schemes like 'Stand Up India' and 'Sit Down India' but has no jobs for the youth of India. "Government has many schemes like Startup India, Stand Up India, Sit Down India, Move Left India, Go Right India, but not employment generation is there," Rahul said at a public meeting in Bengaluru. He further said Prime Minister Narendra Modi has failed to create job opportunities for the youth of the nation. "Passing mark is 40 out of 100. Narendra Modi ji has received zero out of 100 in creating jobs," Rahul said.(ANI)
© Sabrina Vani / Global Look Press
A woman who told her husband she believed she had been sexually assaulted during a night out later discovered he was her attacker, a court heard. After collecting his wife, who had been found slumped on a bench, he took her home and raped her.Reading Crown Court heard.The man began his seven-year jail sentence last week after being convicted of rape by a majority verdict. He was also ordered to sign the Sex Offenders' Register and made the subject of a restraining order, banning him from contacting his wife other than through solicitors.The court had earlier heard the pair had an argument on the way to a friend's barbecue and th, the Sun reports. The judge said CCTV footage shows she went to a bar and drank a "considerable amount of alcohol" before leaving "completely intoxicated" at about 1am.The judge explained that, but at 2am a member of the public. The judge said: "In your evidence to the court and in your interview with police, you said she was very drunk, barely coherent and had trouble talking. You drove her home and, as a result of the alcohol she had consumed."The victimthe most, in a statement read by the judge. "She described the total and utter shock upon finding out the person responsible was you, her husband," the judge said. "
HIGH POINT, N.C. — Jahaad Proctor had 20 points, seven rebounds and five assists on Saturday night and High Point pulled away in the middle of the second half for a 67-56 win over Campbell.
The Panthers (11-12, 6-6 Big South) took the lead for good early in a 22-5 run that was capped at 54-39 on Andre Fox's free throw with 7:14 left.
The Fighting Camels (12-12, 6-6) got as close as 60-52 on Marcus Burk's layup with 52 seconds to go, but Brandon Kamga answered with a dunk, converted into a 3-point play, and High Point made all four of its free throws from there.
Campbell led by as many as seven in the first half. High Point rallied with a 17-2 run that spanned halftime before Campbell scored 10 straight to take its last lead at 34-32.
WASHINGTON: The US government has approved the sale to Saudi Arabia of the advanced Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system for $15 billion, the State Department said Friday.
“This sale furthers US national security and foreign policy interests, and supports the long-term security of Saudi Arabia and the Gulf region in the face of Iranian and other regional threats,” a statement said.
The THAAD — which has already been supplied to Saudi Arabia´s neighbors Qatar and the United Arab Emirates — is one of the most capable defensive missile batteries in the US arsenal and comes equipped with an advanced radar system.
Its recent deployment by the US military in South Korea to protect against any North Korean strike drew protests from Beijing, who feared its sensors would be able to penetrate into Chinese airspace and upset the balance of power.
But the State Department said it would advise Congress that, in Saudi hands, the system would act to stabilize the situation in the Gulf and help defend US forces in the region and their allies, who face a growing Iranian missile capability.
“The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military balance in the region,” it said.
Officials told AFP that the sale, which can go ahead if the US Congress does not object within 30 days, should be seen as part of an overall $110 billion arms package that President Donald Trump promised the Saudi kingdom during a visit in May.
“This potential sale will substantially increase Saudi Arabia´s capability to defend itself against the growing ballistic missile threat in the region,” a statement said.
“THAAD´s exo-atmospheric, hit-to-kill capability will add an upper-tier to Saudi Arabia´s layered missile defense architecture.”
The main US contractors who will profit from the sale are aerospace giant Lockheed Martin´s space systems division and defense contractor Raytheon.
Chief Marcia Brown Martel sings outside the parliament buildings following a government news conference announcing a compensation package for indigenous victims of the sixties scoop, in Ottawa on Friday, October 6, 2017. (Adrian Wyld/The Canadian Press)
Survivors of a period in the 1960s that saw Indigenous children taken from their homes and placed with non-Indigenous families hope an agreement in principle with the federal government will put a stop to Aboriginal children being stolen from their language, culture and identity.
Beaverhouse First Nation Chief Marcia Brown Martel, who was herself placed in the foster system as a child only to suffer emotional, physical and sexual abuse, said she has “great hope” now that a deal has been reached including $750 million in compensation for victims.
In February, the Ontario Superior Court found the government liable for the harm caused by the '60s Scoop. Brown Martel was the representative plaintiff.
“I have great hope that because we've reached this plateau that this again will never, ever happen in Canada again,” Brown Martel said Friday as she stood beside Crown-Indigenous Affairs Minister Carolyn Bennett on Parliament Hill for the announcement on the settlement deal.
At the same time, she warned, Indigenous children are still subject to the “millennium scoop.”
“Children are still within the child welfare system,” she said
“They call it ‘in care' but it adds a risk factor for them. Therefore, one must stop using that term … they're not in care. They're away from their communities … our children need to come home.”
Bennett fought back tears Friday as she announced details of the deal with Brown Martel and other survivors — a package that also includes up to $50 million for a foundation for healing and reconciliation.
The federal government has also earmarked $75 million for legal fees. The compensation money will go to individuals classified as status Indians and Inuit.
The '60s Scoop a dark and painful chapter in Canada's history, Bennett said.
“Their stories are heartbreaking,” Bennett said. “They talked of their identity being stolen. They talked about not really feeling that you belong anywhere because people have been moved so often or that they didn't really have a home.”
Too many Indigenous children are still being taken from their families, she added, insisting Ottawa must change the current design of the system to ensure funding goes toward children, family and communities rather than lawyers, agencies and non-Indigenous foster families.
“We want that overhaul to happen so that we a system of the rights and well-being of Indigenous children and youth to be raised in their language and culture and not have this harm done that was done to these courageous people,” she said.
The agreement is a ”first step” in resolving '60s Scoop litigation, Bennett added, noting the federal government is committed to working with other Indigenous Peoples affected.
The provinces and territories are also working on resolving remaining litigation, she said, adding individual compensation will be determined among legal counsel.
The agreement in principle announced by the government is less than the $1.3 billion Brown Martel sought for victims of the Ontario Scoop in which at-risk on-reserve Indigenous children were placed in non-Aboriginal homes from 1965 to 1984 under terms of a federal-provincial agreement.
In a class action started in 2009, Brown Martel maintained the government had been negligent in protecting her and about 16,000 other on-reserve children from the lasting harm suffered from being alienated from their heritage.
Jeffery Wilson, one of her lawyers, said previously the class action was the first anywhere to recognize the importance of a person's cultural heritage and the individual harm caused when it is lost.
With files from Colin Perkel
Kristy Kirkup, The Canadian Press
Washington: French President Emmanuel Macron and his American counterpart Donald Trump called jointly on Tuesday for a new nuclear deal with Iran, after the US leader denounced the three-year-old accord as "insane."
"I can say that we have had very frank discussions on that, just the two of us," Macron told a joint press conference with Trump at his side.
"We, therefore, wish from now on to work on a new deal with Iran." Trump's European allies have repeatedly tried to persuade him not to walk away from the 2015 deal, which gave Iran massive sanctions relief and the guarantee of a civilian nuclear program in return for curbs on programs that could be used to develop an atomic weapon.
It did not tackle western complaints about Iran's ballistic missile programs or support for militant groups across the Middle East.
Trump faces a May 12 deadline to decide on its fate and is demanding changes that many in European capitals believe would represent a legal breach.
"I think we will have a great shot at doing a much bigger, maybe, deal," said Trump, stressing that any new deal would have to be built on "solid foundations."
"This is a deal with decayed foundations. It's a bad deal, it's a bad structure. It's falling down," the US leader said.
"We're going to see what happens on the 12th." When asked to clarify if he meant he was pushing for a new accord, or an add-on agreement, Macron said: "I'm not saying that we move from one agreement to another."
The French president said a new deal would have to include three additional elements: Tehran's ballistic missile program, its influence across the Middle East, and what happens after 2025 -- when under the current accord Iran would be able to progressively restart part of its nuclear program.
He called the initial 2015 deal only the "first pillar" of an eventual wider deal.
For months, American and European officials have been working behind the scenes to try to find a compromise over Trump's demands to change the agreement.
Officials have toyed with the idea of a separate joint declaration: promising to tackle non-nuclear issues, while searching for a tougher successor accord.
Iran, meanwhile, has warned it will ramp up enrichment activities if Trump walks away from the accord, prompting Trump to issue a blunt warning.
"They're not going to be restarting anything. If they restart it, they're going to have big problems, bigger than they ever had before. And you can mark it down," the US president said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mother-of-two who struggles to walk more than a few metres without help had her mobility allowance taken away 'because she could squeeze someone's thumb'.
The Department for Work and Pensions has now overturned the decision to stop MS sufferer Mel Wiseman's payments - but only after she complained to the Press and her MP .
DWP assessors visited Mel at her home in Newton Burgoland in July and decided she no longer qualified for the £87-a-month personal independence payment (PIP) awarded the previous year due to her disability.
Mel, 43, and her husband Charlie, 44, described the original decision as "shameful and appalling", the Leicester Mercury reports .
(Photo: Leicester Mercury / SWNS)
Mr Wiseman said: "Mel was diagnosed with a rarer form of MS in 2014 and has limited lower limb mobility, which means she struggles to walk more than five metres without help.
"She was awarded the PIP last year due to mobility problems, but you have to re-submit the forms every year.
"All Mel was asked to do (during the assessment) was to squeeze this person's thumb, to touch her toes from a sitting position and to stand on one leg, which she managed to do although holding on to something."
Mr Wiseman claimed letters from MS specialists at Leicester's hospitals stating his wife had "a lot of weakness and spasticity in her legs" and that she frequently stumbled were ignored.
"Mel has deteriorated over the past year.," he said. "This (the original) decision strikes me as pure cost-saving – £87 isn't very much and goes to help with the extra costs which go with Mel's MS, such as higher insurance, extra equipment and fuel to take her to work and for medical appointments.
"One of the problems with MS is that having anything stress-related compounds the symptoms."
The PIP replaced the former disability living allowance with the aim of helping to work age people with the extra costs associated with their disability.
The DWP has now reviewed the case, agreed to re-instate the benefit and actually increased it to £301 to include mobility and daily living allowance.
The payment has been backdated to August and the case will not need to be reviewed for another four years.
(Photo: Leicester Mercury / SWNS)
Mr Wiseman said: "It is a huge relief. We had to jump through a lot of hoops and it was a hard fight but common sense has prevailed.
"Although there could have been no argument with the evidence we had we are grateful that we didn't have to go through a tribunal hearing."
"We do feel we have been vindicated but we couldn't have done it without the support of the Leicester Mercury, our MP and others.
"But there are many others in similar situations who are unable to fight or who have no-one to fight on their behalf."
Andre Bridgen, Conservative MP for North West Leicestershire, said: "I am pleased that the matter has been resolved and I will be working with the Government to see what can be done to see instances like this do not occur again."
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — It looks like a perfectly staged assassination, straight out of the pages of a spy novel: North Korean royalty Kim Jong Nam, the estranged, exiled half-brother of leader Kim Jong-un, falls ill at a Malaysian airport, complains of being sprayed with some sort of chemical, and drops dead.
But, as with many things about the alleged motives of cloistered North Korea, the unknowns currently far outweigh the certainties.
A look at what officials are trying to piece together as they work to reconstruct one of the most audacious, mysterious assassinations in recent Asian history:
___
WHY NOW?
This is the big one: Motive.
Kim Jong Nam, a jovial, overweight gambler and playboy, had embarrassed Pyongyang before — he tried to sneak into Tokyo Disney; he criticized his half-brother — but he's been generally seen more as an annoyance than an existential threat to North Korea's stability.
Why would Kim Jong-un go through the massive logistical trouble — and potential embarrassment — of staging the risky assassination of a blood relation on foreign soil?
Without elaborating, South Korea's spy service told lawmakers Wednesday that the North had been trying to kill Kim Jong Nam for five years. Spy officials offered a single, shaky motive for the death: Kim Jong-un's “paranoia” over his estranged brother.
But the South's National Intelligence Service has a long history of botching intelligence on North Korea and has long sought to portray the North's leadership as mentally unstable.
Some in Seoul wonder if Kim Jong-un might have become enraged when a South Korean newspaper reported last week that Kim Jong Nam tried to defect to the South in 2012. South Korea's spy service denied this, but it's still an open question: Could public speculation that a member of the exalted Kim dynasty wanted to flee to the hated South have pushed Kim Jong-un to order his brother's assassination?
___
WHY THE AIRPORT IN MALAYSIA?
There would seem to be easier, less public places to kill such a high-profile target.
A possible explanation might be found in another nugget provided by South Korea's spy agency: China had long protected Kim Jong Nam and his family in their home base of Macau. Analysts have seen Beijing as looking to Kim Jong Nam as a potential leader should North Korea's regime collapse.
With security, presumably overseen by China, tight in Macau, could there have been a security gap in Malaysia that offered North Korean assassins an opportunity they couldn't have gotten elsewhere?
___
WHO Is THE MYSTERY WOMEN?
The details of the attack itself are a tangled mess as of now.
Kim told medical workers that he'd been sprayed with a chemical, which brings to mind past attacks with poison-tipped pens linked to North Korean assassins.
South Korea's spy agency says two women believed to be North Korean agents attacked Kim. They then reportedly fled. Japanese media quoted the government in Tokyo as saying those women may now be dead. None of this has been confirmed yet.
Still, finding out who these women are and who hired them could go a long way to unlocking the mystery.
___
WHAT NEXT?
North Korea has said nothing officially about the death, but that's not unusual. The country's propaganda specialists are masters at reporting only details that lionize the Kim family as paragons of virtue. This clearly doesn't do that.
China may be angry at the killing of a close North Korean contact, so there could be some sort of reaction, possibly back-channel, from Beijing.
But a more concrete punishment could come from Washington.
Cheong Seong-Chang, a South Korean analyst, said the assassination might convince the U.S. Congress to relist North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism, further isolating the already widely shunned country.
___
Associated Press writer Kim Tong-hyung in Seoul, South Korea, contributed to this report.
PLUMSTED TOWNSHIP, N.J. (AP) - Authorities say an elderly Pennsylvania woman and her passenger were killed when their SUV collided with a dump truck in New Jersey.
Ocean County prosecutors say 79-year-old Nancy Harris, of Newtown, was trying to turn on to Route 539 in Plumsted Township around 10:50 a.m. Monday when she pulled in front of the truck, which was northbound on Route 539 and carrying 20 tons of sand.
Harris and her 84-year-old passenger, Helen Conover of Hamilton Township (Mercer County), were both pronounced dead at the scene a short time later. The truck driver, identified only as a 58-year-old Little Egg Harbor man, was treated at a hospital for minor back pain.
Authorities closed the roadway for about four hours while the crash was investigated.
Curators and artists of the 'Documenta 14' art exhibition take part in a news conference at the Athens Concert Hall in Athens, Greece, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Michalis Karagiannis
Adam Szymczyk, director of the 'Documenta 14' art exhibition, speaks during a news conference at the Athens Concert Hall in Athens, Greece, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Michalis Karagiannis
ATHENS Documenta, one of Europe's most important modern art exhibitions, opens in Athens on Saturday, the first time in its history it is being held outside the German city of Kassel.
Documenta 14 - "Learning from Athens" - will run in the Greek capital until July 16, extending over more than 40 landmark locations including squares, cinemas, and libraries. It will also still run in Kassel this year - from June 10 to Sept. 17.
More than 160 artists are showcasing new works in documenta 14, touching upon issues such as migration, the financial crisis and censorship.
Adam Szymczyk, its artistic director, described the long process of organising the event in Athens as both "excruciatingly difficult" and "amazingly beautiful".
"And yet, the journey has only begun," he said.
Organisers have said Greece's role at the centre of Europe's financial and migration crises drove the decision to twin the fair between Athens and Kassel, though exhibits will not be limited to those themes.
One exhibit in the Athens National Museum of Contemporary Art features thousands of green and black olives and is titled "Payment of Greek Debt to Germany with Olives and Art."
Greece's long economic crisis has strained relations with Germany and many in the country blame Berlin, their biggest creditor, for the painful austerity and record unemployment associated with three financial bailouts.
Other exhibits include an open kitchen in a central Athens square where visitors are encouraged to grab a bite to eat with strangers. And there are exhibits at landmarks such as the Ancient Agora, the Temple of Zeus and the First Cemetery of Athens.
Held every five years, documenta - first run in 1955 - is one of Europe's top exhibitions, alongside the Venice Biennale, Art Basel and Monumenta in Paris. In 2012, it drew more than 900,000 visitors.
It takes pride in its avant-garde image - in 2007, China's Ai Weiwei brought 1,001 of his compatriots to Kassel as "live exhibits".
The fair was founded by Arnold Bode, a curator, artist and teacher, who was one of many German artists forbidden to work by the Nazis. A native of Kassel, he hoped to provoke Germans with forms of international modern art after the stifling Nazi era.
(Writing by Karolina Tagaris; Editing by Andrew Bolton)
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Donald Trump doesn't follow a lot of people on Twitter - currently just 42 lucky accounts have been blessed with the attention of the next leader of the free world.
But a recent addition to the list has caused a stir - and perhaps gives an insight into how he deals with stress.
Mr Trump, who will become US President later this month despite having lost the popular contest by more than 2.8 million votes, recently blessed an account called 'Emergency Kittens' with his 43rd follow.
The popular account posts adorable and amusing pictures of cute cats several times a day, giving him an almost never ending choice of pussies to grab.
Recent posts have included this furry fellow
This Photoshop job of an overweight cat as Jabba The Hutt in Star Wars
And this compilation of cats that were totally ready for 2016 to be over
Unfortunately for Emergency Kittens, which boasts over 1.8 million followers, the Donald quickly unfollowed them when people online noticed his patronage.
Most of the accounts Mr Trump follows are members of his family, buildings he owns or Fox News presenters.
The only Brit on the list is Good Morning Britain presenter Piers Morgan.
Of course, this being the internet, the folks behind Emergency Kittens responded to their brief Presidential endorsement in exactly the way you'd expect
Oh, and guess who else is a big fan of adorable kittens?
Here is the weather forecast for Monday, January 2.
The region is waking up to a sunny but frosty morning.
Showers and winds are possible later, but these should ease by the afternoon with the maximum temperature around 4°C.
Tonight skies will remain clear but temperatures will fall below freezing, around -2°C.
MANCHESTER, England (AP) — Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola was basking in a victory that might have wrapped up the Premier League title by early December when he turned on the skeptics who doubted his philosophy could work in English soccer.
“People said in England you cannot play that way,” Guardiola said after City's 2-1 win at Manchester United on Sunday. “In England, you can play that way as well.”
And who can argue with him? His team is setting standards never before seen in the history of England's top division — and doing it in style, too.
City has won a record 14 straight games, and dropped just two points all season, to establish an 11-point lead after 16 rounds. They've scored the most goals (48) and conceded the joint-fewest (11) in the league. According to Opta, the official statistics supplier to the Premier League, City has an average possession of 71.6 percent in matches, an average pass accuracy of 88.5 percent, and has had more touches in the opposition box (616) than any other team.
Advertisement
Those are the spectacular results of his work. But as important to Guardiola is the process.
Even in the toughest periods of his first season as City, when the team was eliminated in the last 16 of the Champions League and clinched a top-four finish in the league only on the final day, Guardiola never wavered from his belief in the fundamentals of his philosophy.
Dominating possession.
Attacking at every opportunity.
Trying to win every game.
He often paid lip service to English soccer devotees who felt he needed to tweak his tactics to succeed in the Premier League, notably because of the intensity of the schedule, the weather, and the perceived high standard of the top division. Maybe he did so to downplay expectations, too.
“I'm not going to change England and I don't want to do that,” Guardiola said in January, when City was toiling amid a period of inconsistent results midway through last season. “Of course, it's going to change me. That's why I came here — to be changed.”
In some subtle aspects, perhaps he has changed. He's recognized the importance of the second ball, acknowledged that his team will not control every game for 90 minutes, grown to understand the difference with English referees.
But deep down, Guardiola was never going to change. His philosophy, developed at Barcelona under the tutelage of his mentor and one-time coach Johan Cruyff, was too ingrained.
Only now does he feel he is being vindicated.
“We are clear, we are open,” Guardiola said after the win at Old Trafford. “We want the ball, want to attack, want to try to win the games in the way we believe. The others can do whatever they want. My players want to play, want to attack.
“Sometimes they're quicker, sometimes they're faster, but they're not a team who try to look for something special. Because we are honest. We're going to face the opponent face-to-face, to try to win.”
Guardiola has treated matches away to big rivals United and Chelsea in the same way he has any other side. And he doesn't hide it.
City had 65 percent possession against United, which had supposedly regained its so-called fear factor at Old Trafford having not lost there in 40 games in all competitions, and had almost double the number of shots (14 to 8).
In September, City went to Chelsea and beat the defending champions 1-0 with a display that was even more dominant than that against United. In both games, Guardiola played a front three with two attacking wingers, and playmakers David Silva and Kevin De Bruyne in midfield.
There was no obvious sign of tailoring his formation according to the opposition.
“We came here, like we were at Stamford Bridge and all the games since I came here, to try to win,” Guardiola said. “And I'm so happy.”
Last season, Guardiola maybe placed too much faith in the ability of some City players who weren't good enough or skilled enough to carry out his orders. His full backs, for example, weren't technically gifted enough to move into midfield and either contribute to attacks or be an initial block to a counterattack.
Now, after another spending spree last summer, he is close to having his ideal team.
Xavi Hernandez, a playmaker and captain under Guardiola at Barcelona, said upon the coach's arrival in the Premier League in the summer of 2016 that Guardiola “changed world football” and “is one of the few people who can change English football.”
The manner of City's relentless march to the Premier League title shows Xavi could be right.
When he was presented as City manager in July 2016, Guardiola — in an attempt not to sound too arrogant — said that “to come to the country which created football and believe you have to change something, would be a little bit presumptuous.”
“I'm not good enough to change everything,” he said then.
Maybe he is.
___
Steve Douglas is at www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
It's been a very busy first month at the University of Chicago's new level-one trauma center in Hyde Park.Staff trained for the anticipated case load. In their first month those skills were put to use immediately."We have been very busy," said Dr. Selwyn Rogers, trauma center director.University of Chicago Medicine said Wednesday they have seen 274 adult trauma patients, more than a third of the patients shot or stabbed. Just over Memorial Day weekend they had 44 patients with gunshot or stab wounds.Years before the university hired the new trauma team or decided to build an adult trauma center, a campaign to have trauma center on the South Side grew loud. Protesters were frustrated by friends and loved ones dying en route to other level one trauma centers that were further away. Their protests preceded the university's decision to open the new center.Corey mason co-founded Fearless Leading Youth with two friends in 2007. They organized protests for a trauma center at U of C. Damien Turner, another of the group's founders, was hit by a stray bullet just blocks away from the University of Chicago in 2010 and died.Fearless Leading by Youth continues to do work to engage young people. Wednesday the university announced grants to seven organizations that focus on violence prevention.Before patients who are victims of violence leave the University of Chicago Trauma Center, a violence recovery team offers support services to help them recover and reduce the chances they come back as a patient.
An Inglewood Superior Court jury has found a Gardena man guilty of all 25 felony counts he faced – including for first-degree murder of one woman and raping three others in videotaped, bondage-style encounters in South Bay motel rooms and in his one-time Riverside County bedroom.
Kevon Takashi Ross, a 33-year-old UC Riverside graduate, now faces up to 286 years in prison.
The panel didn't need much time, deliberating for three hours on Friday. The verdict was read on Wednesday because of the Memorial Day holiday and to give lawyers and others plenty of notice to return to the courtroom.
Sign up for our breaking news email newsletter: When major local news happens, you will be the first to know. Subscribe here
When the first verdict was read, for murder, Ross sunk his head in his right hand and kept it there for much of the time it took to read the other 24 counts.
Jurors were to decide whether Ross took advantage of his sexual partners, as argued by the prosecutor, or if the death was the result of a bondage sex-act gone wrong, as portrayed by Ross' defense attorney, and he had consent.
Kellie Marie Nolan, 27, of Torrance was found unresponsive in a Gardena motel room after 5 a.m. on Dec. 12, 2015, after a sexual encounter in which Ross wrapped her in cellophane and duct tape from her abdomen to her hair.
Right after the verdict, her family declined to comment at this time.
“We're happy we could deliver justice for Kellie and the other victims,” Deputy District Attorney Frank Dunnick said.
“ There's no winning in a case like this, because nothing can bring Kellie back, but we can take solace knowing there will never be another victim at the hands of the defendant,” he said.
During the investigation, detectives spoke to three other women – Ross met two while attending UC Riverside – who said they hadn't known how far Ross took their sexual encounters until they were shown videos he had recorded.
On Friday, Dunnick told jurors that Ross introduced the women to bondage, combined sex with alcohol, then when his partners were inebriated took their encounters to “another level.” Jurors watched graphic videos.
George Steele, Ross' attorney, told jurors that the women all consented to the sexual acts.
“Everyone agreed, everyone was on the same page until a night – when he didn't think he did anything wrong – went horribly wrong,” Steele told the panel.
Ross testified that with each of the four women the couple planned and agreed upon the details, and that they had safe words so the women could end the acts if uncomfortable.
The night Nolan died, Ross testified, he made sure she was breathing but was surprised to see a bit of liquid come out of the tape by her nose. When he pulled the tape off, she was vomiting.
Ross turned off the recording. He testified that he tried CPR. Explaining the 10-minute gap before calling authorities, Ross said he had trouble finding his cell phone and, when asked why he didn't just use the motel phone, he said he didn't notice it.
Sentencing is July 13.
“We're disappointed in the verdict, but my client and I believe in the judicial system and we will be exercising our right to an appeal,” said Steele, the defense attorney.
Check out the pics from the Salvation Army Northwest Division Bell Ringing with Allan & Ashley!
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew his private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that he didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said he owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that he had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
He was a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when he crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. He was flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and his passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 he crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
NEW DELHI: A United Nations report has warned that the water crisis will be intensifying across India by 2050. According to the 2018 edition of the UN World Water Development Report, the Central India is staring at deepening water scarcity, meaning withdrawal of 40% of the renewable surface water resources, the Hindustan Times reported.
While ground water resources will face even greater pressure in north India, south and central India will experience high levels of risk from poor water quality in its river basins by 2050.
The report relies on a study done by the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis for its estimations in future scenarios.The report has said that the world should look to nature for better ways to maintain supplies of water, keep it clean, and protect people from droughts and floods.
As the global population expands and the planet warms, demand for water is rising, while the quality and reliability of our water supply is declining, the 2018 edition of the U.N. World Water Development Report has warned.
One response is to invest more in protecting ecosystems that recycle water, such as wetlands and vegetation, and spend less on concrete flood barriers or wastewater treatment plants.
Audrey Azoulay, director-general of the U.N. Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), which coordinates the report, called for “new solutions” to tackle “emerging challenges to water security caused by population growth and climate change”.
“If we do nothing, some five billion people will be living in areas with poor access to water by 2050,” she said in a statement.
Demand for water is expected to increase by nearly one-third by 2050, said Gilbert Houngbo, chair of UN-Water, in the report's foreword.
To help manage competing demands for freshwater - whether to quench human thirst, water crops or produce electricity - the report recommended “working with nature, rather than against it” in a bid to make water use more efficient, cost-effective and healthier for people and the environment.
“For too long, the world has turned first to human-built, or ‘grey', infrastructure to improve water management,” wrote Houngbo. “In so doing, it has often brushed aside traditional and indigenous knowledge that embraces greener approaches.”
The report outlined the benefits of “nature-based solutions”, which use or mimic natural processes to increase water availability, improve its quality and reduce risks linked to water-related disasters and climate change.
Those solutions include changing farming practices so the soil retains more moisture and nutrients, harvesting rainwater, re-charging aquifers, conserving wetlands that capture runoff and decontaminate water, restoring floodplains and turning rooftops into gardens.
The report cited estimates that agricultural production could be increased by nearly 20 percent worldwide if greener water management practices were used.
Richard Connor, editor-in-chief of the report, said switching to a “conservation agriculture” model could bring high and rapid returns, but achieving it on a large scale would require political will at the national level.
“Agriculture internationally remains dominated by industrial (farming), and it can be a little more difficult to influence the private-sector interests that are involved,” he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
But some companies were adopting more sustainable practices, while consumers - mainly in Europe and North America - increasingly prefer organic, locally grown food, he added.
(With Reuters inputs)
With much of America glued to Trump's Twitter page and Obama's increasingly nasty decrees against Russian diplomats, two of the President-elect's most vocal opponents from within the Republican party made a move designed to weaken Trump's international prestige, sow internal Republican discord and weaken improvements in US-Russian relations in the aftermath of the 20of January., the Order of Ukraine. They were later pictured with a group of military men drawn from units engaged in the genocidal, anti-democratic war against the people of Donbass, which in recent weeks has become ever more violent, with Kiev continually violating the Minsk II agreement.But no matter how heinous the two men's actions are, they are not surprising.Graham too is known for his militarism which knows no end.The two Senators are two politicians who think that the Obama/Hillary/Kerry policies of constant regime change don't go far enough.Not level headed to say the least.What's more is that both men have a personal dislike of Donald Trump and this is to put it mildly.McCain was taunted by Trump who said that he prefers war heroes who don't get caught, a reference to McCain's period in a prisoner of war camp in Vietnam. He later went on to call McCain a 'dummy'.Graham who ran against Trump in the Republican primary, had an early spat with Trump which resulted in Trump giving away Graham's private phone number, and asking his supporters to inundate it with messages, which they soon did.The most important question is, will this actual amount to anything?Here are some possible scenarios.The best case scenario for Trump and his rapprochement with Russia is that McCain and Graham are increasingly seen as two voices in the wilderness who are out of touch with the modern political movements that propelled Trump and other Republicans to power. In this scenario, McCain and Graham would still be invited to torch-lit neo-Nazi rallies in Kiev as guests of honour, but the wider world wouldn't really give a damn.Another possibility is for the dangerous duo to use their relationship with Russia's enemies to try and help US mainstream media wage a propaganda war against Trump's 'operation cooperation'.Although the US mainstream media coverage of Ukrainian events from the coup up to today's war in Donbass have been woefully bad, the silver lining is that the coverage has become increasingly sparse. Most Americans care far more about events in the Middle East than in Kiev or Donbass. Even many American Neo-Nazis with posters of Hermann Göring above the fireplace, would scratch their heads at the mention of the name Stepan Bandera.A third possibility is that the two men would defect to the Democrats where anti-Russian hysteria is now the norm. Although it would technically affect Trump's quorum in the Senate, if the two men are going to vote against Trump time and again anyway, it could be a blessing in disguise for Trump, as the media could no longer paint the two men's actions as signs of a Republican civil war.The most dangerous possibility is that the two men could form a kind of pseudo-third party whereby they could try and create a congressional quorum made up of Democrats and anti-Russian Republicans to form a bloc against Trump. One could liken it like the Southern Democrat/Dixiecrat faction who happily united with members of any party to try and halt the passage of anti-racist legislation.This would require a lot of effort by two men who seem happier to take selfies with murderers than actually get any work done, but it is still possibility. However, this too could play into Trump's hands.Donald Trump was a third party candidate in all but name. The Republican establishment was against him during much of his campaign, and this goes far beyond the lunatic McCain fringe. Trump is well aware of this and now that he'll shortly be assuming the Presidency, it will not be difficult for Trump either to form his own party or more likely purge the Republicans of his enemies, effectively turning the party into his.If McCain and Graham form an official Congressional alliance with Democrats, Trump could turn around and say 'look how the establishment are against me because I'm on the side of the people', 'look at these sore losers'. His followers on social media would then post pictures of McCain with ISIS leaders who unlike the Kiev mafia are known figures among the wider US public.It would take a great deal of political courage for McCain and Graham to pull this particular political trigger and Trump has generally come out more popular whenever the Republicans start tearing themselves up over his controversies.Try as they may,. Apart from the more surreal elements of the mainstream media and some in the anti-Russia deep state, their mad crusade will likely fall on deaf ears...so long as they're not recorded speaking with Poroshenko about grabbing pussy.
The Capital Development Authority (CDA) will establish facilitation desks at entry and exit points of Islamabad to facilitate the visitors.
According to CDA Member Administration Yasir Pirzada, the civic body is taking measures to facilitate visitors who were coming from other cities.
He said that all entry and exit points of the capital would be decorated with flowers and beautiful landscapes.
He said cultural and literary activities would be initiated in Islamabad, adding that recreational places would also be upgraded according to international standards.
Pirzada said that CDA will install free Wi-Fi for the visitors at various recreational places of the city.
He said the authority was introducing workload management system, and all appointments and transfers would be made on merit.
Replying to a question, he said CDA Hospital was providing the best health facilities to the residents and it would be further upgraded according to the needs.
Members of the 386th Expeditionary Civil Engineer Squadron Explosive Ordnance Disposal flight drive a mine-resistant ambush-protected vehicle to the safe area at an undisclosed location in Southwest Asia Nov. 9, 2016. The safe area is located approximately 1.4 kilometers from the burn pile. (U.S. Air Force photo by Senior Airman Andrew Park)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 11.08.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 03:02 Photo ID: 3082868 VIRIN: 161109-F-CA297-234 Resolution: 4474x2982 Size: 1.02 MB Location: (UNDISCLOSED LOCATION) Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 386th EOD destroys unusable ammunition [Image 1 of 20], by SrA Andrew Park, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Researchers have discovered that stabilizing dysfunctional endothelial cells with approved drugs reverses cellular dysfunction in a rat model of cerebral small vessel disease (SVD), hinting towards a new therapeutic approach for the treatment of vascular dementia. As life expectancies climb around the world and society ages, dementia - a group of symptoms characterized by declining memory and cognitive ability - has become a chief concern for scientists and caretakers. One of the most common causes of vascular dementia in the elderly is SVD, which occurs when small blood vessels in the brain are unable to nourish white matter tissue. SVD also contributes to the symptoms of Alzheimer's disease and triples the risk of stroke, rendering it a major cause of cognitive disability in the elderly. However, there are still no dependable therapies for the condition, partially due to a lack of understanding of the mechanisms underlying the changes in blood vessels. Here, Rikesh Rajani and colleagues zeroed in on the role of endothelial cells (ECs), which help prevent unwanted substances and cells from entering the brain. The research team studied brains from humans with SVD and observed they harbored dysfunctional ECs, and found a mutation that could be responsible for the dysfunction. Further analysis showed these ECs secreted a protein called HSP90α that impaired proper functioning of isolated connective tissue cells found in the brain. Approved drugs that stabilize ECs such as simvastatin (a cholesterol-lowering medication) reversed abnormalities in a rat model of SVD after seven weeks of treatment. The authors say that future studies should assess whether EC dysfunction can be reversed at a later stage of SVD, as well as test their findings in other animal models.
###
Joey Stewart and his son could soon be forced out of the Mira Monte Apartments if the city's lawsuit against the crime-addled Las Vegas Trail complex is successful.
Even so, the 53-year-old Stewart said, the city made the right move.
Persistent violent crime on the grounds of the 116-unit complex sitting at the corner of Las Vegas Trail and Calmont Avenue spurred the city to file a nuisance abatement lawsuit on Nov. 17. A recent shooting served as the final straw.
“You can't take the trash out at nighttime without someone trying to rob you,” Stewart said. “There are no lights on the property. She [on-site manager Elisa Rodriguez] has a security guard on the property. I've probably seen him out here twice in the past month. He's scared to walk the property.”
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Fort Worth attorney filed a second lawsuit on Tuesday against nearby Knights Inn, a decaying motel plagued by an owner who routinely does little to deter drug use and violent crime on his property.
If the lawsuits are successful, both businesses could be shut down for one year, a result that would punish the longtime offenders, but would also require a solution for relocating hundreds of displaced tenants in a city already facing a dire crunch of affordable housing.
The city will seek the court to order the defendants responsible for relocating tenants and paying moving expenses and required deposits, according to Fort Worth senior assistant attorney Chris Mosley. A transition period of six weeks, allowing for an orderly exodus, would likely be granted.
“As a practical matter, we're sure the city is going to have to be involved in some way or another,” Mosley said.
Mayor Betsy Price has not been involved directly with the lawsuit process, but is prepared to act if the properties should close.
“We are ready to spring into action to assist with next steps for these tenants,” Parker said, “especially families with children where proximity to their home school needs to be prioritized.”
Rodriguez, the on-site manager, said Mira Monte is about 85 percent full, about 99 units occupied. She said she could not estimate the total number of tenants.
Knights Inn presents a different circumstance because it is a motel and not a residence. Still, many stays there for weeks and months at a time, using the motel as a long-term housing option because, typically, all else has failed. Those people will also need new homes. If not for the $35-a-night motel, many would seek a bed in a shelter.
Unsuitable living conditions
Matthew John Baker is named on the lawsuit as the manager and director of Mira Monte Apartments LLC. His son, Jeffrey Baker, is also believed to have a stake in the complex. Neither father nor son has been able to be reached for comment. Both are said to live Amarillo, and are rarely seen on the Fort Worth property.
Baker's attorney Victor Huhem joined his client at a meeting with city officials at City Hall in September. There, Baker was issued a last-chance warning to cooperate with police and take a hard stand against crime on the premises or risk a lawsuit. Huhem has not returned multiple messages.
Rodriguez, Mira Monte's on-site manager the last five years, said she feels the city has unfairly targeted the complex, saying crime is a problem on all the properties. She said code compliance has ramped up inspections to the point that she feels she is being “harassed.” She said repairs and renovations are underway, and a security guard is on the clock on a more regular basis, but she noted, “I can't control everything that happens.”
“At the same time, it's OK, it's gotten better over the years,” Rodriguez said of the complex's overall safety. “But we do have security, we're working on cleaning it up, we're working together with the city.”
Cosmetic improvements are visible with fresh paint being applied to the building's exterior. Interior work is said to be coming. For now, tenants report substandard and unhealthy conditions.
Stewart's one-bedroom, 770-square apartment is $580 a-month. He shares it with his 20-year-old son after they gave up the motel they previously called home in Ennis. Since moving in 11 months ago, Stewart said they've had hot water only sporadically, and the water is shut off entirely several times a week without warning because of leaks.
He said he recently had to call the fire marshal to finally get management to install smoke detectors in the apartment. Roaches and rats are a mainstay. The rats, he said, wake him up at night in the kitchen gnawing on his food. He said a poor repair in the bathroom has spawned black mold.
Housing shortfall
Tenants don't move into Mira Monte for its amenities or safe environment. They move in because they can afford it.
Stewart said tenants are aware of the lawsuit and its potential consequences. If Mira Monte were ordered shut down, Stewart said tenants would be caught between joy and panic, happy to see an cheapskate owner punished, but fearful of finding another apartment that they can afford.
“We are trying to put more affordable housing in the market and we anticipate having more in the next year and beyond,” said Mary-Margaret Lemons, the newly appointed president of Fort Worth Housing Solutions and the housing subcommittee leader on Councilman Brian Byrd's recently created Las Vegas Trail Revitalization Project.
A new mixed-income apartment complex called 2900 Broadmoor is set to open early next year east of Las Vegas Trail near Cherry Lane. Expected to fill up fast, it could open space for some Mira Monte tenants, as well as starting at least something of a domino effect if any current Las Vegas Trail residents can make the move to Broadmoor.
Fort Worth Housing Solutions is currently undertaking a major project, gradually moving residents out of the Butler Place public housing project and into mixed-income apartment complexes scattered throughout the city. The first group will move out before the end of the year.
Ultimately, city officials would prefer a solution that bypasses shuttering Mira Monte and Knights Inn. But that will take both owners to reverse their irreverent and bare-bones style of operation. Selling their properties to a responsible landlord is another possibility.
The lawsuits are an extreme and rare option, but a necessary one, the city believes, if a serious attempt to lift up the struggling Las Vegas Trail neighborhood will have a chance.
City officials, including the Mayor's office, are acutely aware of challenges that will arise from actions intended to lay the groundwork for future progress. Topping the list might soon be where to direct potentially hundreds of displaced apartment tenants.
“Should the owners fail to comply and the court rule the property is unsuitable to be inhabited, the city of Fort Worth will work with all possible partners to identify housing for displaced residents,” Byrd said.
Alexei Abrikosov, a Russian-born physicist who won the Nobel Prize for theoretical work on materials that can carry strong electric currents without resistance and are vital in science, technology and medicine, died March 29 in Sunnyvale, California. He was 88.
Argonne National Laboratory in Illinois, where he spent many years, announced the death but did not provide a cause.
Abrikosov left Moscow in 1991, after the Soviet Union collapsed, and joined Argonne. He shared the 2003 Nobel for explaining the magnetic properties of the type of superconductor that has found particularly wide applicability. These are known as Type II superconductors. Once thought to be outliers among superconductors, they are now considered to be the most common.
Superconductors, as the name implies, have an almost astonishing ability to carry electric current. At low temperatures, current flows in them without resistance. No energy is wasted in generating unwanted, potentially damaging heat.
But in high magnetic fields, they lost their superconducting properties, reducing their usefulness.
In his prize-winning work, Abrikosov explained theoretically how another family of superconductors could withstand the invasion of magnetic fields. They could then be used to carry the strong currents needed to produce unusually strong magnetic fields.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Type II superconductors, once considered rarities in nature, have come into daily use in producing the magnetic fields that make possible magnetic resonance imaging equipment, one of modern medicine's most important diagnostic tools. They are also used in cellphone towers.
To cite still another example, members of the Type II family are the key components in the superconducting magnets that guide charged particles around the celebrated Large Hadron Collider in Switzerland. That is the super powerful particle accelerator that made possible the discovery of the Higgs boson, the elusive particle so important to modern theories of matter.
All this work owes a great deal to Abrikosov's work, which provided the theoretical understanding needed to make the best use of Type II superconductors.
His theory propounded a system by which magnetic fields enter the superconductors, but in what almost seems a paradox, they remain outside at the same time.
His theory embodied a lattice of pathways on the atomic level, along which magnetic fields could be guided within superconductors. So long as the fields remain inside these tunnel-like structures, the materials retain superconducting properties, no matter how high the field.
The vortex description is associated with current that races around the perimeters of the holes, or tubes. Although it may seem a mechanical concept, it actually embodied sophisticated mathematics and deep understanding of quantum mechanical principles, which govern matter at levels far smaller than the everyday world of sensory experience.
Abrikosov was born in Moscow on June 25, 1928. It was 11 years after the Rn Revolutionution that brought the Bolsheviks to power. His parents were physicians. His father is credited in several publications with supervising the 1924 autopsy for the first leader of the Soviet state, V.I. Lenin.
It has also been reported that one of those to whom his mother ministered was Lenin's successor, Josef Stalin.
Precociously able as a mathematician, Abrikosov was 15 when he began higher education in Moscow at a power engineering institute. Two years later he moved to Moscow State University, where he received a master's degree in 1948. Subsequently, he obtained a degree equivalent to the western world's PhD at the Institute for Physical Problems in 1951.
Then he joined the Landau Institute — named for his mentor, physicist and Nobel laureate Lev D. Landau — where he headed theoretical solid state physics. For much of his time in Moscow, Abrikosov was a professor at Moscow State University. He had been director of the Institute for High Pressure Physics, part of the Russian Academy of Sciences, before moving to the United States.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Over a career that continued until shortly before his death, he was credited with being authored or co-author of more than 200 research papers, in a variety of fields, some close to the area of his Nobel-winning work, and some relatively remote, such as astrophysics and quantum electrodynamics.
He shared the Nobel with Vitaly L. Ginzburg, then of the P.N. Lebedev Physical Institute in Moscow, and Anthony J. Leggett, a London-born physicist then at the University of Illinois.
Abrikosov was a recipient of the Soviet Union's Lenin Prize in 1966, as well as the Sony Corp.'s John Bardeen Award in 1991; Bardeen was one of the creators of a fundamental theory of conventional superconductor behavior.
He became an American citizen in 1999. He moved last April to Sunnyvale, where a daughter was living. Survivors include his wife, Svetlana Yuriyevna Bunkova, and three children.
Voice control in the home has evolved from a novel concept to a legitimate method of operating various devices that can add real value to your lifestyle. Instead of tripping over the dog as you reach for a light switch in the hallway you can activate the fixtures by uttering a simple voice command. As you dash out of the house you can quickly lock the door with nothing more than the sound of your voice. Even the temperature of your house can be easily adjusted on a whim without lifting a finger.
One of the most prolific voice control platforms is Amazon Alexa, boasting compatibility with dozens of smart home devices. Here are some of the best smart home gadgets that you can control with your voice through Amazon Alexa:
Light Bulbs and Switches
Philips Hue White and Color Ambiance A19 60W Equivalent Smart Bulb Starter Kit
This kit includes four Philips Hue White and Color Ambiance A19 LED light bulbs and a Hue Bridge, which lets you add up to 50 lights. In addition to being able to control the lights with voice commands, you can use a companion mobile app to create schedules for the lights to follow.
Sengled Element Classic A19 Smart Home LED Bulb
You can control this A19 LED light bulb with your voice by pairing it with a smart home hub like the Amazon Echo Plus, Samsung SmartThings, or Wink. A companion mobile app also lets you set up routines and schedules. The app also shows you how much energy the bulb is consuming.
C by GE Voice-Control C-Life Starter Kit
This smart lighting system integrates with any Alexa-enabled device to turn lights on and off, brighten, dim and change color from AM light to daytime light to PM light. C-Sleep smart LED light bulbs feature three settings to support your body's natural circadian rhythm with cool energizing light in the morning, warm calm light in the evening and optimal daylight for everything in between. You can also use the C by GE app to schedule the times for the lights to turn on and off and to create scenes for bedtime, movie time and other occasions.
TP-Link Smart Wi-Fi Light Switch
This light switch works with Amazon Alexa so that it can be controlled via voice commands. It wires in like an ordinary switch and offers an Away mode to turn the connected light on and off randomly to give the appearance that someone is home while you're away.
Lutron Caseta Wireless Smart Lighting Dimmer Switch Starter Kit
This wireless lighting control kit offers several ways to command your home's lights—remote, smartphone app, and your voice. A nice feature is that the lights can adjust automatically with changing seasons and Daylight Savings time. A Smart Away feature turns lights on and off randomly when you are traveling
Thermostats
Nest Learning Thermostat 3rd Generation
The Nest thermostat's claim to fame is that over time (about a week), it learns your routines and self-programs itself to keep the temperature of your house the way you like it. However, there are times when being able to adjust the settings with your voice would come in handy, which is why this stat has been designed to work with Amazon Alexa voice assistant devices.
Honeywell RCHT8610WF2006 Lyric T5 Wi-Fi Smart 7 Day Programmable Touchscreen Thermostat
This thermostat uses geofencing technology to adjust its temperature settings based on the location of your smartphone. And adaptive recovery feature learns how long it takes to achieve the right temperature at the right time and automatically runs your system to get to your desired temperature when you want it, with auto change from heat to cool. And it also listens for and carries out instructions you send to it via voice.
ecobee4 Alexa-Enabled Thermostat with Sensor
This thermostat comes with built-in Alexa Voice Service, so you can ask your ecobee to set a timer, read you the news, adjust the temperature, and more—no Alexa device is required. With Far-field voice technology your ecobee4 can hear you from across the room.
Door Locks
August Smart Lock 2nd Generation
This electronic door lock lets you do away with your keys and unlock the door instead with your smartphone. You can lock it with your smartphone, too, or say a simple command.
Schlage Z-Wave Connect Camelot Touchscreen Deadbolt with Built-In Alarm
As many as 30 personalized user codes can be stored into this lock, so you can assign family members, guests and anyone else who needs access into your home their own special code. You can unlock and lock the door remotely via your smartphone and you can lock it via voice commands with the help of an Alexa device and home control hub.
Yale Assure Lock
The Alexa lock skill allows Yale Z-Wave or ZigBee users with a compatible hub to lock their door and check current lock status. Voice commands such as, “Alexa, lock my front door,” or “Alexa, is my back door locked?” will trigger automatic responses and/or actions from Amazon Alexa. The lock will not unlock with voice commands for security purposes.
Kwikset 910 Z-Wave SmartCode Electronic Touchpad Deadbolt
Like most electronic door locks, a smart home hub is required for this lock to be controlled through Amazon Alexa. Once it's paired with a hub, the lock gives you the freedom to lock it hands-free from anywhere in your house.
Rachio Smart Sprinkler Controller
This lawn sprinkler system lets you control watering with the power of your voice. Use more than 100 different voice commands to run zones, set rain skips and more. The sprinkler system can also be controlled remotely via a mobile app.
Samsung POWERbot R9350 Turbo Robot Vacuum
Robot vacuums have singlehandedly simplified housework. Now, with the integration of Amazon Alexa, this vac from Samsung makes it even easier by letting you tell the vac when to start and stop cleaning with the sound of your voice.
Hunter 59224 Signal Ceiling Fan with Wifi Capability
With the addition of an Alexa device, you can use your voice to control the speed of the fan and the dimming level of the built-in light. A reversible motor allows you to change the direction of your fan from downdraft mode during the summer to updraft mode during the winter. The fan also comes with a remote for handheld control.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This could be the most bizarre wedding ever.
Two hairless cats have 'tied the knot' for a very heartbreaking reason.
Smitten kittens Christie and Lily wed in a pub beer garden in St Helens, Merseyside, at a ceremony with a difference.
Drinkers watched the unusual nuptials at The Windle pub and after days of preparation the the 'couple' married to raise money for five-year-old Kaycee Turner who suffers from a rare brain condition called Batten's disease.
Owenr Marialaina Ashcroft, who is known as 'crazy cat lady, as she has eight moggies, arranged the event and even gave her beloved pets away on their big day.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
Marialaina told the Liverpool Echo : “Everyone in our community is aware of Kaycee's condition and I just wanted to do something to help.”
She approached her local “pet friendly pub“ when she had the idea and they helped organise the whole thing to give the happy couple the wedding they deserve.
She said “My boyfriend and I would often take Christie to the pub with us and everyone adores him. He goes with me a lot of the time when I go out.”
Marialaine added: “I have two Sphynx and six moggys and I adore every single one of them.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
“Christie has the most character. He's a naughty boy, he torments them all but he makes me laugh out loud every single day, he makes me so happy.”
“My two sphynx's always get loads of attention when I take them out in their pram. I'm interested in photography and I'm always taking funny videos of them."
Marialaina says her friends are always commenting on her love for her pets and have praised her for putting her own unique spin on traditional fundraising.
The wedding was organised to support five-year-old Kaycee, who travels with her family every two weeks to Great Ormond Street Hospital in order for her to receive enzyme treatment that could prolong her life.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
Marialaina said: “I didn't raise as much money as I had hope but the look on Kaycee's face when she saw the cats dressed up was completely worth it all.
“I'm glad they brought her as much joy as they bring me.”
Kaycee, from Sutton in St Helens, is no longer able to talk due to the condition and is currently undergoing enzyme treatment at Great Ormond Street hospital to increase her life expectancy.
Her family are currently travelling to London every two weeks for her to receive her treatment and the community have come together to help the family afford the trips.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
Marialaina said: “The Windle pub graciously let me use their back garden to host the wedding and we had face painters there to turn everyone into cats for the day.
“I just wanted to do something fun and a little bit different for Kaycee. She's a wonderful little girl and she deserves all the help in the world.”
Although Kaycee could not attend the entire day, she was able to make an appearance at the reception.
Marialaina said: “Her face was a picture and although we only raised £100, it was worth it to see that smile when she walked in.
“I would like to keep doing stuff to help raise funds for the family so any weird or wonderful ideas would be appreciated.”
You can find the JustGiving page for Kaycee here .
BOYS SOCCER
Medford 4, Antigo 0
Next: Amery at Medford, Monday at 4:30 p.m.
VOLLEYBALL
Rib Lake def. Pittsville 3-0
Next: Rib Lake at Edgar Invitational, Saturday at 9 a.m.
Colby def. Gilman 3-1
Next: Gilman Invitational, Saturday at 9 a.m.
David Petr, president and CEO of the Montgomery Country Economic Development Corporation describes how he wants to lead Montgomery County's business community into a national leader. Petr started the job in September 2016 and has worked to emphasize the many assets provided by the region to take the county to another level.
A large ball rigged with colorful lights illuminates the 379th Expeditionary Civil Engineer Squadron garage at Al Udeid Air Base, Qatar, Dec. 21, 2016. This ball was repaired by four Airmen with the 379th ECES so they could lower it on New Year's Eve. (U.S. Air Force photo by Senior Airman Cynthia A. Innocenti)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.21.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 08:01 Photo ID: 3082990 VIRIN: 161221-F-SB162-0006 Resolution: 7360x4912 Size: 31.58 MB Location: AL UDEID AIR BASE, QA Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Civil engineer Airmen light up the new year [Image 1 of 4], by SrA Cynthia Innocenti, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Woman launches into a catfight after she spots he
Lee Mack takes a dig at Dermot O'Leary on The Nig
The first Doctor Who returns...
AIR AMBULANCE TAKES OFF FROM DONINGTON AFTER HORR
Tearjerking moment boy gets doll of his Navy dad
Prisoner high on 'zombie' drug Spice tries to dum
Police at the scene of Wickford shooting and stab
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Prince Harry deserves praise for speaking so movingly about seeking counselling after 20 years of bottling up grief over the death of his mother, Diana.
The welcome frankness of such a high profile figure will do much to dismantle the stigma too often still surrounding mental health issues. It will encourage others to obtain help instead of suffering in private.
It cannot have been easy for a young, if senior, royal, and a former Captain in the Army with two tours of Afghanistan, to be so candid.
Mental health remains a Cinderella service, losing out to physical illnesses in the battle for NHS funding. And despite Theresa May repeating promises by her predecessor David Cameron that spending would be increased, mental health services continue to be cut.
(Photo: Reuters)
Prince Harry and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge deciding to champion mental health is a chance to transform attitudes.
Imagine the impact if this influential group spoke out against cuts and demanded improvements in services for everybody.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A rail firm that compared its poor service to chocolate from Poundland has been threatened with not-so-sweet legal action by the discount chain.
Thameslink rail company has apologised for making derogatory comments about the discount chain, after a passenger named Kevin tweeted a picture of Thameslink's shocking service board to them complaining about the disrupted service.
In the rail company's response, they compare their disrupted service to "Poundland cooking chocolate", following more than 450 Govia Thameslink Railway trains either being cancelled or running late on Wednesday.
Responding to the tweet, Poundland retail director Austin Cooke said it had "no right to use our name to describe poor service".
In the now deleted tweet, Thameslink has responded to the annoyed customer saying: "Very sorry Kevin. Appreciate at the moment the service is less Ferrero Rocher and more Poundland cooking chocolate."
But after spotting the comparison on Twitter, Austin Cook, the budget store's retail director issued a scathing response to GTR chief executive Charles Horton, titled: "You're ‘off the rails'."
In the discount store's response to Thameslink, Mr Cooke stated that GTR has "no right to use our name to describe poor service", especially considering that Poundland served eight million shoppers last week and has a "pretty good idea about what great customer service is".
He added, "If we ever fall short, perhaps we'll describe ourselves as a bit ThamesLink," before threatening them with legal action.
Thameslink has since apologised after making the comment in reply to a passenger who was angry overtrain cancellations, but that hasn't stopped members of the public showering Poundland with praise, for hitting back against the offensive tweet.
Hundreds of thousands of users have applauded Poundland for their retort, and even suggesting they be trusted to run the train line instead.
This undated photo provided by Jeremy Weis Photography, shows Russell Bucklew, who is scheduled to die by injection Tuesday, March 20, 2018, for killing a former girlfriend's new boyfriend in 1996 in eastern Missouri. Bucklew faces a potentially "gruesome and painful" execution because of a rare medical condition that compromises the man's veins and causes multiple tumors in his head and throat, his attorney said Sunday. (Jeremy Weis Photography via AP)
This undated photo provided by Jeremy Weis Photography, shows Russell Bucklew, who is scheduled to die by injection Tuesday, March 20, 2018, for killing a former girlfriend's new boyfriend in 1996 in eastern Missouri. Bucklew faces a potentially "gruesome and painful" execution because of a rare medical condition that compromises the man's veins and causes multiple tumors in his head and throat, his attorney said Sunday. (Jeremy Weis Photography via AP)
ST. LOUIS (AP) - A Missouri death row inmate whose life was spared by a last-minute stay of execution four years ago is asking the U.S. Supreme Court for another reprieve, claiming the process of killing him could cause blood-filled tumors to burst inside his head.
Russell Bucklew is scheduled to die by injection Tuesday evening for killing a former girlfriend's new boyfriend during a violent rampage in 1996. He would be the first Missouri prisoner put to death since January 2017.
Bucklew, 49, was within an hour of execution in May 2014 when the U.S. Supreme Court halted it over concerns about Bucklew's rare medical condition, cavernous hemangioma. The ailment causes weakened and malformed blood vessels, tumors in his head and throat and on his lip, and vein problems.
His attorney, Cheryl Pilate, is again asking the Supreme Court to intervene, claiming Bucklew's condition has only gotten worse.
The tumor on Bucklew's lip has grown substantially since 2014 and is now the size of a grape, Pilate said. She believes the internal tumors have grown, too, and will likely rupture and bleed during the execution, potentially causing Bucklew "to choke and cough on his own blood during the lethal injection process."
Missouri Attorney General Josh Hawley disagrees, writing in his filing to the Supreme Court that the growth in Bucklew's mouth shrunk 10 percent between 2010 and 2016.
The condition also compromises his veins, and Pilate said the fatal injection couldn't be administered in the typical way through an arm vein. Hawley wrote that the lethal dose of pentobarbital could be administered through a leg or other vein instead of the arm.
Pilate also has asked for clemency from Republican Gov. Eric Greitens. A spokesman for the governor declined comment.
Bucklew's appeals have suggested that if the execution is carried out, the state should use lethal gas instead of an injection of pentobarbital. Missouri law still provides for the option of lethal gas, but the state no longer has a gas chamber and has not used the method since 1965.
None of the 20 inmates executed since Missouri began using pentobarbital in 2013 have shown obvious signs of pain or suffering.
Bucklew became angry when his girlfriend, Stephanie Ray, ended their relationship in 1996. Hawley said in court filings that Bucklew slashed Ray's face with a knife, beat her and threatened to kill her. She took her children and left.
Over the next two weeks, Bucklew stalked Ray, even as he stole a car, firearms, two sets of handcuffs and duct tape. He eventually found out where she was staying and broke into the southeastern Missouri trailer home of Michael Sanders, Ray's new boyfriend, fatally shooting him. When Sanders' 6-year-old son came out of hiding, Bucklew shot at the boy and missed.
Bucklew pistol-whipped Ray, put her in handcuffs and dragged her to his car, where he raped her.
Police pursued Bucklew - a chase ending in a gunfight that wounded an officer. Once in jail, Bucklew managed to escape and went to the home of Ray's mother, where he attacked her with a hammer before he was finally captured.
Some civil rights organizations have joined in asking that Bucklew be allowed to live out his life in prison. In a letter last week to the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, the American Civil Liberties Union wrote that executing Bucklew "would be egregious, torturous, and in violation of the U.S. and international law prohibiting torture, cruel, inhumane or degrading treatment or punishment."
The black and white portraits that photographer Jonathon Stout has taken for his upcoming exhibit at Redux Contemporary Art Center are about as far away as can be from the traditional all-smiles shots people think of when they hear the word "portrait." A young woman stares fearlessly at the lens — or is it angrily? A bearded man looks at the camera with suspicion, another with curiosity. The pictures are often somehow vulnerable and guarded, as if there's a push-and-pull dynamic going on between camera and subject. Seen together, the photos are a mesh of humanity that reveal both individuality and connection.
"If you look at portraits, a lot of times people are smiling and their flaws aren't shown," Stout says. "So I kind of wanted to show the people in a way that's who they really are if you spend a little time with them."
All of the subjects are from Charleston, and many of them are people Stout already knew, which perhaps led them to trust him a little more behind the camera. Stout worked quickly, shooting most of the subjects over a five-day period in a space on James Island that's part of the Ocean Industries recording studio.
click to enlarge Jonathan Stout
"I knew their mannerisms and character," he says, "so I could kind of try to get that out of them without them doing a whole lot. That's what I wanted to do. Instead of a photo that someone might look at for two seconds, I hope with these, people will take a little bit longer, and understand who the person was. And together I think it's a nice collection of different faces in Charleston."
Getting all the subjects to come to the shoots wasn't hard once Stout began posting the initial shots online. And as the people came in to be photographed, Stout was conscious about giving them as little info as possible about what he wanted. "I didn't let them know too much beforehand," he says. "I had an idea in my head over the last couple of years of what I wanted the photos to look like, but it was hard to put into words. I would pose them, and some of them were a little nervous in front of the camera, there were some smirks and half smiles. There was a little direction, but I moved fast. It might've been five minutes per person. I wanted them to feel like we were just hanging out and taking pictures."
click to enlarge Jonathan Stout
As far as wardrobe was concerned, Stout told his subjects it was strictly "come-as-you-are."
"A lot of people asked me, 'What should I wear? What should I look like?' And I just told them to come as themselves," he says. "Don't over-prepare. If you're on your way to work, then come here dressed for work. It's just who you are."
click to enlarge Jonathan Stout
Stout worked outside his comfort zone for the shoots, working in black and white instead of his typical color photos. "I don't really shoot that way often, but I felt like color might distract from the detail of the person," he says. And the way I lit it, with the contrast and shadows, it just worked better in black and white."
After he was finished shooting the series, there was one session that stuck with Stout, and it stands as the one that taught him something about where he lives. "There are a lot of brave people in this town," he says. "I wanted to inspire people with this project. One individual named Jamie, she's transgender, this was her first photo taken after her transition. And she came with her wife, it was very inspiring, that strength and that fearlessness. She contacted me and wanted to do it and it was a really touching moment."
Bag thief gets his just desserts when he smashes
Police on the scene where Mandy's body was discov
Police on the scene as body is found in Woodhead
Body discovered on hospital roof could have been
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
America's Most Wanted man Steve Stephens posted this chilling video explaining why he planned to carry out an 'Easter Sunday slaughter' - before shooting a stranger dead.
The 37-year-old remains on the run from police in Cleveland, Ohio, more than 24 hours after he killed grandad Robert Godwin Snr.
On Sunday he filmed himself shooting dead the 74-year-old grandfather at random in the street via Facebook Live then fled the scene.
Shortly before the shooting, Stephens posted another video online explaining what he was about to do and why.
Sat in a car, he rambles for several minutes about breaking up with "the love of my life" Joy Lane.
He also says he "lost everything" gambling at the casino.
Stephens shows his work ID badge for the care centre where he looked after teens with mental health problems.
He complained that "I've run out options. Now I'm just doing some murder-type s***".
(Photo: Facebook)
(Photo: Twitter)
(Photo: Twitter)
Stephens later posted the horrific footage of the moment he shot Mr Godwin Snr as he walked home from an Easter meal with family.
The thug claimed there were 15 more victims.
However, police believe there have been no more victims linked to Stephens.
His Facebook page has been taken down.
(Photo: Twitter)
The distraught family of Mr Godwin have asked people not to share the highly distressing video of him being killed.
It remained on Stephens' Facebook page for more than two hours before it was taken down.
It meant numerous copies of the clip were downloaded and continue to be posted on YouTube and Twitter.
Ryan Godwin, who identified himself as Mr Godwin's grandson, tweeted: "Please please please stop retweeting that video and report anyone who has posted it! That is my grandfather show some respect"
Another woman called Sarah added: "I can't watch that video of my grandfather getting killed. that man is sick, please stop posting it"
A man and woman believed to be Mr Godwin's children tearfully spoke to reporters.
The man said: "It's not real.
“This man right here, was a good man.”
Facebook has condemned the crime and said it will review its policies on how inappropriate content is reported.
At a press conference police confirmed there is no apparent connection between Stephens and his victim.
A video was first shared shortly at around 4pm Sunday evening local time - with the warning: "Please Be Care This Man Is Going Around Cleveland Killin Ppl on Facebook."
Stephens captured the video "Easter Day slaughter"
FOR LIVE UPDATES FROM MIRROR ONLINE ON THIS STORY - CLICK HERE
(Photo: Twitter)
He also tagged people telling them "tell Joy Lane I won't be coming in tomorrow" - and "I'm sorry team but I'm to far gone (sic)".
He also claims to have killed 12 people today - saying: "I won't stop (until) my mother and Joy Lane call me."
In the second video he said he was "killing m*********" - claiming he had shot 13 so far and was "working on the 14th".
Appearing while driving a car and apparently chatting to another person on his phone he admits to the "Easter Day slaughter" in the name of the woman.
He can be heard explaining that he just “snapped” and has a “lot of built-in anger and frustration".
He continues: "I snapped, dog, I just snapped.
“I just killed 13 ************* man. That's what I did, I killed 13 people and I'm about to keep killing until they catch me. F*** it.”
Police confirmed Stephens claimed to have killed multiple others but there are currently no reports of further victims.
Local hospitals were put on standby but said they had received no patients believed to be linked to Stephens.
(Photo: Twitter)
(Photo: Twitter)
Police, along with the FBI, continue to hunt Steve Stephens who is described as:
Black
6'1" 244 lbs
Bald with a full beard
Wearing a dark blue and grey or black striped polo shirt
Driving a white or cream colored SUV.
The police said: "He is considered armed and dangerous. If seen call 9-1-1, do not approach the suspect.
"Police and EMS are swarming the Cleveland State area, take precautions and do not approach Stephens."
DICKSON COUNTY, Tenn. (AP) - Authorities: Tennessee sheriff's deputy fatally shot; 'armed and dangerous' suspect still at large.
Precision-crafted glass and metal design, an anodised aluminium frame, easy to hold and featuring beautiful contours, the Moto X4 is crafted to perfection indeed.
With the distinctive placement of the rear cameras, this phone makes a great subject for a photographic series.
Gaurav Sawn Photography
The light reveals the fluidity of its body; curves that fit perfectly in the contours of a palm.
Gaurav Sawn Photography
Reclining on a bed of satin, the glass-encased phone blends into the folds of the luxurious fabric.
The slimness, seamlessness and solidity of the phone make for a great profile shot.
A stunning design which is IP68 rated water-resistant too, it is as beautiful as it is strong.
We partnered with photographer Gaurav Sawn to create this series. Says Gaurav, “The glass sandwich design looks extremely good and the reflections on the back panel make the phone stand out. This is a phone that is best used without a case. The curved corners were also very comfortable to hold. All in all, really enjoyed shooting this phone!”
While this phone is elegant and crafted to perfection, it is also extremely tough, being protected from scratches with Corning® Gorilla® Glass that stretches all the way around.
You don't need to sacrifice of performance either. It's packed with a 2.2 GHz octa-core Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 630 processor and comes with a TurboPower™ Charger which means hours of power in minutes!
For the music lover, this phone is a boon. With simultaneous connectivity of up to four Bluetooth® audio devices at the same time, you can build your own stereo system without worrying about cables.
The dual rear cameras – a 12MP that lets you focus faster and get great results even on dark, cloudy days, and an 8 MP camera, with wide angle lens makes your most ambitious photos look all the more impressive.
To get your hands on the Moto X4, and experience perfection, click here.
This article was produced by the Scroll marketing team on behalf of Motorola and not by the Scroll editorial team.
Scaffolding covering a high-rise construction site in the heart of Sydney has caught fire, with dramatic footage showing flames and smoke shooting up the building.
The fire started at the northern end of the Macquarie Street building, near Hyde Park, about 7.50am on Thursday, with fire crews racing to the scene and closing the street.
About 20 people were safely evacuated, a Fire & Rescue spokesman told AAP.
City workers have described the dramatic scenes and the speed at which the flames covered the building.
"The flames were going up the scaffolding. I think there was straw in scaffolding to catch dust which just went up in flames," Patrick Toohey, who works in a nearby building told AAP.
"You could see balls of hay catching on fire - it was a bit like Grenfell tower going up," he said, referencing the London tragedy.
Footage from the Nine Network shows flames quickly rising up the 11-storey building, sending a plume of black smoke into the sky.
Thirteen fire crews and 70 firefighters are on the scene.
"The fire has been confined to the external scaffold; it hasn't penetrated the internal structure," a Fire & Rescue spokesman told AAP.
"The fire is under control but not completely extinguished."
The building is thought to be an older and well-established building that was undergoing a renovation, a Fire & Rescue spokesman told ABC.
NSW Police said there have been no reported injuries.
Macquarie Street remains closed.
An East Setauket financial adviser accused of swindling at least a dozen senior citizens out of millions of dollars was arrested and charged with grand larceny, Suffolk County District Attorney Timothy Sini said Wednesday.
Steven Pagartanis, 58, pleaded not guilty to two counts of first-degree grand larceny and two counts of second-degree grand larceny in Suffolk County Court in Central Islip Wednesday. If convicted, he faces up to 25 years in prison for operating what Sini called “a traditional Ponzi scheme.”
Pagartanis' attorney did not speak to reporters after the court hearing.
Sini said Pagartanis stole at least $7.5 million from his victims. The Securities and Exchange Commission, which filed a civil complaint against Pagartanis in Brooklyn federal court Wednesday, put the number slightly higher, saying he swindled $8 million from his clients.
“We've identified well over a dozen victims and we believe there are more victims out there,” Sini said.
One victim lost more than $3 million, Sini said, while others lost hundreds of thousands of dollars. One victim suffered from dementia, the district attorney said.
“The defendant targeted the elderly,” Sini said. “He targeted those victims he perceived as vulnerable.”
The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, the private organization that regulates brokers, said on its website that it barred Pagartanis from working as a broker in April after receiving complaints from customers.
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Judge Stephen Ukeiley ordered Pagartanis to wear a GPS ankle bracelet so authorities can monitor his movements. The judge also ordered Pagartanis to surrender his passport and barred him from leaving Suffolk County until the case is resolved. Pagartanis is scheduled to return to court on July 24.
Pagartanis, a longtime financial planner and the owner of Omega Planning Associates in Setauket, told clients that he was investing their money in a Canadian firm called Genesis Land Development Corp. Instead, he used their money to pay earlier investors and cover his own living expenses, Sini said.
Pagartanis was able to sustain his alleged Ponzi scheme, which court documents say began in 2013 and continued through May 23, by making regular interest payments to customers and sending them fictitious account statements, according to an SEC statement.
The scheme began to fall apart, the SEC said, when Pagartanis stopped making the interest payments earlier this year. Sini said his office and the Suffolk County Police Department began to investigate Pagartanis after receiving complaints from the family of one victim.
Sini said the investigation is continuing and he encouraged Pagartanis' clients to contact his office even if they didn't lose money.
“It's important we know the full extent of the scheme,” Sini said.
Mitchell Freedman, a retired Newsday reporter who lives in Nesconset, says he lost hundreds of thousands of dollars in the alleged scheme.
Freedman said he began investing with the financial adviser about five years ago and said he received slightly better than average returns.
“I was happy with the results,” Freedman, 75, said.
All that ended in October, when Freedman received a call from a Baltimore firm Pagartanis was affiliated with, Lombard Securities. He said a Lombard representative told him there had been some problems with Pagartanis, and that he no longer worked for the firm.
Lombard officials did not return a call for comment.
Sini said his office will seek restitution for the victims.
Freedman said he hopes to get his money back -- and answers, too.
“I'd love to know why he did it,” Freedman said. “I'd love to know what he did with the money.”
Date Taken: 11.29.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 00:26 Photo ID: 3082827 VIRIN: 161129-F-CO490-103 Resolution: 3095x3869 Size: 3.25 MB Location: (UNDISCLOSED LOCATION)
Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work, (Part 5) In their words: Deployed Airmen enduring the holidays, by SrA Tyler Woodward, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
By The Associated Press
LONDON (AP) — Budget airline Ryanair is calling on British airports to curb alcohol sales following sharp increases in the number of incidents involving disruptive passengers.
The carrier issued a statement Monday calling for a ban on alcohol sales before 10 a.m. and for limiting the number of drinks in bars and restaurants to a maximum of two.
The airline cited Civil Aviation Authority statistics showing a 600 percent increase in disruptive incidents between 2012-2016 and said most involved alcohol.
Ryanair's Kenny Jacobs says it's unfair “that airports can profit from the unlimited sale of alcohol to passengers and leave the airlines to deal with the safety consequences.”
The airline says it has taken steps to prevent disruptive behavior on its flights, including preventing consumption of duty-free alcohol purchases on board.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Lizzo is no stranger to speaking up or showing off. This year at the 7th Annual Beautycon New York the “Coconut Oil” singer made it clear that she'll be continuing to use her voice inside and outside of the studio to change the world's perception of beauty.
“I've always been fat. I've always been Black. I've always been a woman. I've always had a lot to say and a lot on my mind and so when you share it on the internet people just kind of fuck with it or not,” said Lizzo during the ‘Niche is the Norm' panel where she was joined by Youtube breakout star Nabela Noor, gender non-conforming performance artist, writer, and educator Alok V Menon, and the model Time once dubbed “the new face of the fashion world,” Irene Kim.
A body positive champion whose twerk videos have gotten as much attention as her empowerment anthems Lizzo is one of many plus-size women who have publicly embraced their bodies despite the trolls lurking in every corner of the internet. “Sometime last year I started posting nudes, well not nudes, my bare ass twerking in slow motion,” she said pausing for the audience's zealous applause and encouraging them to “make some noise for my ass in slow motion.”
“I started posting slo-mo twerking videos and it just liberated me in a way that I can't even quite describe. I thought people were gon' be like ew put them things away like don't anybody wanna see all of that! But people were like ‘I love this', “I love you”, ‘thank you for being yourself', “this is incredible.”
RELATED: Why We Should Be Celebrating Zendaya For Calling Out Colorism In Hollywood At Beautycon
The panelists discussed the pressure that came with occupying such public spaces and Lizzo acknowledged that she is not immune to the expectations of respectability politics saying that “when you get to a certain platform though and you have a certain amount of followers there is this implied responsibility.” But while she concedes that the pressure is there she refuses to be controlled by it “I just said fuck it. I'm gonna continue to be me, the same Lizzo if I had five followers to five million followers. I think I just speak my mind and think that's why people connect on Instagram because they see through the bullshit. They see through the commercial scripting and when they see real people they just wanna fuck with them.”
The artist hopes that others will be inspired to learn who they are from her music. “I don't tell nobody else to do nothing. I'm not a preacher that's not my job. But everyday as I'm discovering my self-love and discovering my self-worth and emoting that journey in a bop I can only hope that people who hear that can inspire themselves to do the same.”
Often asked to describe the specific moment where she decided to love herself she used the day's appearance to dispel the myth that there's an “aha” moment in everyone's journey.
“I just want everyone to know that it's not going to be one day you look up and you're like oh my gosh suddenly I love myself! There is no moment. There are moments and it's gonna be ugly sometimes. It's gonna be pretty sometimes. It's gon' be sexy. It's gon' be sexless. And then you're going to look up and you're going to see the journey that you're on and you're going to finally be able to celebrate it.”
As the panel came to a close the audience begged for an up close and personal view of a Lizzo twerk session and she obliged bouncing up and down on the Beautycon couch in her bright sundress without a hint of self-consciousness reminding the crowd chanting “twerk, twerk” of the undeniable fact they already knew “I'm fine as hell!”
DON'T MISS:
Why We Should Be Celebrating Zendaya For Calling Out Colorism In Hollywood At Beautycon
FAB FINDS: 15 Black Beauty Influencers And Makeup Lovers At Beautycon Share Their ‘Must Have' Beauty Products
LET'S MAKEUP: Here Are The Beauty Products You Need For Dewy Skin Like Chloe x Halle
Houston Astros' Jose Altuve (27) celebrates with George Springer (4) after they scored on teammate Carlos Correa's double in Game 2 of baseball's American League Division Series against the Boston Red Sox, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Houston. David J. Phillip AP
Reacting to news that David Seymour's End of Life Choice Bill has been drawn from the Ballot today, the New Zealand Catholic Bioethics Centre argues it will undermine the life choices for many should it become law.
“We have grave concerns about the unintended consequences of the proposed legislation”, warns Director of The Nathaniel Centre and bioethics researcher Dr John Kleinsman.
“It is our view that any attempt to grant people the legal right to choose to have their lives ended prematurely will mean many more will have their control and choice eroded.”
“The people of New Zealand have recently spoken out on the question of legalising euthanasia in unprecedented numbers and they have overwhelmingly rejected any such move as too dangerous by a measure of 4 to 1,” said Dr Kleinsman, referring to the Health Select Committee Inquiry initiated by the Voluntary Euthanasia Society Petition.
“This is the real measure of people's views on the topic and it is paramount that these views inform politicians' understanding going forward.”
“This is an extremely complex matter and it cannot be decided on the basis of emotion. Many people will likely think of the terminally ill when considering how they feel about it, but this Bill goes much further and opens up assisted suicide and euthanasia to anyone 18 years and over with a grievous and irremediable physical or mental condition, which in their own view makes their life unbearable”, he says.
“This Bill is not designed just for a small number of very seriously ill people nearing the closing stages of their lives, but will encompass large numbers of sick or disabled people living, what most would consider, near normal lives, young and old alike. It's a recipe for euthanasia on demand.
As our nation struggles to curb a tragic growing epidemic of youth suicide, it will also send a dangerously mixed message to our young people if this becomes law.
On the one hand we will be telling young people to see the value in their lives, but then saying it is ok for some people to end their lives as a response to unbearable suffering. It ultimately amounts to a ‘some suicides are ok' approach.
We must not ignore the suffering that people with irrecoverable conditions or people who are dying face at the end of their lives and good palliative care achieves this. But legalising euthanasia or assisted-suicide is not the solution,” says Dr Kleinsman
Source
News category: New Zealand, Top Story.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
encouraging students to document instances when they take place and report them to school authorities.
The New School - a private university in New York City - is all over microaggressions.The school's online guide breaks it all down. Did you know, for instance, there are three types of microaggressions? The microinsult, the microassault and, of course, the insidious microinvalidation.Things get even more interesting once you delve into the guide's examples of microaggressions. There are, of course, the usual suspects, such as saying "You throw well for a girl" and telling a person of color, "You act/speak/write so white."But then there are microaggressions such as "seats in the classroom / auditorium / office" that are "too small for many people."In addition, "the majority of readings on all your class syllabi feature only readings from white cisgender men."Kinda makes for some challenging cognitive dissonance when you consider landmarks like the Lincoln Memorial and sculptures like the bust of Margaret Sanger - aand founder of Planned Parenthood - in the Smithsonian.Then again the New School isn't in Washington, D.C.The guide also offers help for recognizing and responding to microaggressions - as well as tips for the "empowered bystander/upstander" and even the party guilty of the microaggression.If you're in the latter category, make sure you take heed of the steps the guide outlines for formulating an "effective" apology - including an "acknowledgment that social norms or expectations were violated." Then, of course, you must "realize your privilege."The New School is fighting back against microaggressions as well,"Acts of bias and discrimination are violations of the university Policy on Discrimination, and may also be a violation of the Student Code of Conduct, the Sexual Assault Policy and the Sexual Harassment Policy depending on the incident," the guide states. "These may take the form of behaviors, verbal remarks, written messages, drawings or other kinds of images."
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Commuters will face a second bout of motoring misery at a major Gloucester junction when 16-week-long roadwork project starts on Monday.
Three years after work was done at the Over Roundabout to improve capacity along the A40, the same junction will see more work done from next week.
The Over Roundabout intersects the A417 and the A40 and is one of the busiest sections outside Gloucester and along the road to the north and west of the county and Wales.
Queues regularly stretch back along the A40 to the Longford Roundabout during rush hour causing ten-minute delays as people struggle to enter what is described as “a primary point of entry into the city of Gloucester”.
Most of the work will be done off-peak, from 9.30am to 3.30pm, but there will be some overnight closures too to allow construction workers to do their job safely with diversions, one as long as 14 miles.
Residents living nearby can also expect to suffer noise from the works which include drilling hundreds of 16-metre long metal poles into the ground in order to support the road.
Contractors Britannia Construction have been appointed to carry out the project, which has been funded to the tune of £2.35million on behalf of Gloucestershire County Council.
When the work is complete motorists will gain a third lane when they approach the busy junction from the east and the north, while there will also be a third lane on the roundabout itself.
Project manager for Britannia Construction, Christian Chambers, said the overall aim of the scheme is to “reduce queues and delays on the A40 ‘east-west' and A417 ‘north-south' approaches through A40 Over roundabout”.
In 2015 roads authority Highways England improved the roundabout as part of a previous scheme.
The county are in charge of this scheme and Britannia say that combining the two schemes would have “caused considerable disruption on every arm of the roundabout, effectively closing the roundabout for long periods of time.”
Britannia Construction say they “recognise the importance of minimising the disruption this scheme could cause.”
“We currently envisage the main works will be substantially completed within seven months.
“Our proposal is to undertake the on-carriageway works outside of the morning peak period, not permitting the contractor to have any lane closures on during this period (7am-9am), minimising the impact on journey times for rush hour traffic.
“However, there will be occasions when either lane closures or full road closures will be necessary and may have to be kept in place through-out the day to ensure the safety of site staff.
“Diversions routes around the site will be made available during these periods.”
Two diversion routes through Gloucester or via Deerhurst have been put forward while two of the approaches to the roundabout are closed.
Charles Coats, a member of Highnam Parish Council said he was concerned that the project would not be completed by September.
“We need to be assured that these works will be completed within the four-month contract,” he said.
But he added: “I think it will be an improvement. I welcome it, it's overdue. I'm concerned about the prospect for congestion though they won't be working during peak hours.”
Mr Chambers promised that the work would be done on time and to budget.
“We have got to look after people. At the end of the day, this is out home, Gloucestershire is important to us. But the road closures and the sheet piling, they have to be done.”
He added: “People are positive [about the project]. They understand that there's going to be a bit of pain and disruption but that they're looking forward to the end product.”
What is the A40 Over Roundabout Improvement Scheme and where will the road be widened?
It is expected that the scheme will reduce “the long queues and delays often experienced” during rush hour.
The main areas of widening will be on the A417 north arm from Maisemore and on the A40 east arm from Longford, on these approaches to the roundabout the number of lanes will be increased from two to three.
On the roundabout itself the number of lanes will be increased from two to three lanes.
Will there be road closures?
Four teams totalling 25 workers will be helping to complete the project and working on the roundabout. The roundabout is not expected to be closed at any time but there will be closures on the approach to the roundabout from the east (A40), and from the north (A417). These will be from 8pm to 6am.
What are the diversion routes?
To avoid using A40 east arm of the roundabout there is a diversion route which starts at the Longford roundabout, sending traffic south through Gloucester to re-join the roundabout on the A417. This will add about six minutes on to your journey.
To avoid using the A417 north arm of the roundabout there is a diversion route which will start at Staunton sending traffic east along the B4213 towards the A38 at Deerhurst, then south on the A38 to re-join the A40 Tewkesbury Road roundabout. This will add about 22 minutes onto your journey.
More readers are sharing their emails to the PM with us. This one was sent way back on Boxing Day:
Hi Bill English
I was prepared to vote for National at the 2017 elections for the first time after many years of supporting other parties.However as a Zionist and pro-Israel supporter I find the recent actions of your Foreign minister, Murray McCully at the UN Security Council so abhorrent and so against the moral rights of a free and democratic country that I cannot consider giving my vote to National.
For New Zealand to take a motion written by Palestinians, with inaccurate and one-sided wording and table it at the Security Council is so immoral. I don't see why New Zealand decided to side with despotic states such as Venezuela and Malaysia against an embattled and friendly ally, the only country in the Middle East that has a growing Christian population.
You do realise that since the PA took control of Area A & B in the Judea and Samaria (only called West Bank since the 1960s) that the Christian population in Bethlehem and these territories has declined from 90% to 10%, similar fate to Palestinian Christians in Gaza too.
Your precious Murray McCully has also made it illegal now for Jews to pray and live in the Jewish areas of Old Jerusalem, in places that they were a majority population for the early part of the 20th Century until being ethnically cleansed from these areas by the Jordanian occupation in 1948.
Is McCully aware that many of these Palestinian Arabs were also recent arrivals to the Palestinian Mandate under British rule? What books,articles, historical background and experts have been consulted by McCully to come to the decision to back a Palestinian-written motion so hurriedly on the eve of Shabbat and the Jewish festival of Lights, Channukah, which celebrates Jewish rededication of the second temple, a place now denied to Jews as illegal occupation.
So New Zealand celebrates new trade deals with Arab and Iranian countries by their immoral meddling in the fate of the one democratic country in the Middle East. New Zealand which fought bravely 100 years ago at the Battle for Beersheva now sides against the only Jewish state so we can continue to sell lamb to Iran who promotes the destruction of Israel weekly.
You could have taken a brave moral stand but failed, you could have worked on a decent motion instead of grabbing a Palestinian authored one. So McCully has his legacy, an anti-semitic one at that. How many UN resolutions against Israel by now? Over 250 in last 10 years alone, against Palestinian incitement 0, against Syrians 8.
Suggest some summer reading:
Making David into Goliath: How the World Turned Against Israel by Joshua Muravchik
Many thanks for your time
Kerry
#GarethSouthgateWould is the latest viral joke doing the rounds on Twitter.
It's fair to say that England fans are beginning to warm to their latest manager.
When Gareth Southgate first took over as England manager, many supporters bemoaned his lack of managerial experience, while others questioned his leadership qualities and overall personality.
However, after Tuesday night's nerve-wracking penalty shootout win against Colombia in England's World Cup Round of 16 ties, the general opinion of Southgate seems to have finally turned.
As people begin to open their arms (and their hearts) to Gareth, Twitter users have started sharing the positively heart-warming hashtag #GarethSouthgateWould to come up with a load of hypothetical situations where Southgate would showcase his inherent good nature.
Here are some of the best tweets so far...
Jeremiah Donati knows he isn't Chris Del Conte. He also knows that he doesn't have to be.
Over the weekend, TCU's now-former athletic director announced he was taking the same role at Texas. A little more than 24 hours later, TCU had found his replacement with the internal hiring of Donati.
At an introductory press conference on Monday afternoon, the new athletic director didn't exude the same bombastic passion as his highly accomplished predecessor. But Donati was incredibly confident that his work experience, personality and leadership ability made him the perfect choice to further elevate the Horned Frogs' athletic program.
“I've told everyone this: there's only one Chris, there's only one Jeremiah Donati, there's only one everyone,” Donati said. “Chris and I are very different. We have a lot in common, a lot of similarities, and you'll see that in some of our business practices, but I need to be my own me, and I will.”
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
After praising Del Conte's legacy at TCU, Donati added: “It would be silly to come in here and think this is a rebuild or a place you need to tear down and start over. There are a lot of great things going on right now, and it's up to me to continue the momentum and figure out a way to take it higher.”
More Videos 1:32 Want an exotic pet in Fort Worth? The Humane Society of North Texas has you covered Pause 1:32 Five things to know about new TCU AD Jeremiah Donati 0:46 Here are the top playmakers from the Cowboys' 30-10 win over the Giants 1:32 The truth about prescription opioids and addiction 0:46 Here are the top playmakers in the Packers' win over the Cowboys 1:26 Jeff Banister talks about prospects of a six-man rotation 1:53 Dak Prescott on big plays, big win in Big Apple 0:31 Tarrant County's 10 Most Wanted Criminals, December 6 1:23 Aledo defense smothers Richland 4:25 Yu Darvish addresses trade, possible return to Rangers Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Five things to know about new TCU AD Jeremiah Donati will replace current TCU athletic director Chris Del Conte when he leaves for Texas. Here are five things to know about the man already serving as Del Conte's right-hand man for Horned Frog Athletics. Five things to know about new TCU AD Jeremiah Donati will replace current TCU athletic director Chris Del Conte when he leaves for Texas. Here are five things to know about the man already serving as Del Conte's right-hand man for Horned Frog Athletics. Lena Blietz lblietz@star-telegram.com
By filling the position so soon after Del Conte's departure became public knowledge, TCU administrators showed that they place a high value on continuity. Since Donati was hired as the head of the TCU Frog Club in 2011, he has quickly risen through the ranks of the athletic department, eventually becoming the program's deputy athletic director in August 2016.
Over time, Donati's primary task was to serve as Del Conte's fundraiser-in-chief. Throughout his time at TCU, Donati has helped raise money for massive renovations to Amon G. Carter Stadium, Schollmaier Arena and Lupton Stadium, in addition to workout facilities, locker rooms and athletic lounges.
University Chancellor Victor Boschini believes that while Del Conte was instrumental in grooming Donati for this role, the two have distinct professional styles.
“I think Jeremiah is more process oriented, and I think he'll bring that flavor to the staff that we didn't have before,” Boschini said.
Donati also made it clear that he understands that for the men's basketball and football programs to generate revenue, they will require a great deal of attention and resources. As will the school's $100 million plan to upgrade the football stadium, which is set to include an additional 1,000 club seats and and 20 luxury suites.
At TCU, there is a well-established triumvirate in football coach Gary Patterson, men's basketball coach Jamie Dixon and baseball coach Jim Schlossnagle. All three are currently signed to long-term contracts, but Donati has a somewhat unique view of how he will continue to enhance his relationship with the school's three most prominent coaches.
“It's my job to serve them, so I may technically be their boss, but I don't see it that way,” Donati said. “I see my job is to serve them and if I do that then they'll be successful and they'll be happy.”
Patterson and Schlossnagle have been head coaches at TCU for 17 and 15 seasons, respectively, and have had plenty of interactions with Donati. They also gave Donati words of encouragement when they heard about his promotion.
This is only Dixon's second season at TCU, but he, too, has worked closely with Donati since he began coaching at his alma mater. Considering Dixon had nine athletic directors in 13 seasons as the basketball coach at Pittsburgh, it's easy to see why he would appreciate strong leadership and stability among administrators.
“We know what the commitment to athletics is with Chancellor Boschini and the board of trustees here, and that's where it starts,” Dixon said. “Because athletic directors in today's day and age, they are going to move. They move at an even higher rate than coaches.”
When asked how he envisions the first five years of stewardship over the athletic department, Donati once against highlighted his understated, yet confident approach.
“I don't want to get too far ahead of myself right now,” he said. “I think the biggest thing is that the expectations haven't changed from what they are.
“As I mentioned we're going give kids an unbelievable experience. We're going to graduate them. We're going to turn them into leaders and responsible people, and we're going to give them every single opportunity to win championships, conference and national.”
CLOSE Here are some of the top stories we're following for today. 3/15/18 Damian Giletto/The News Journal
Diamonte Taylor has been indicted on gang participation and the shooting death 15-year-old Brandon Wingo. (Photo: COURTESY OF DELAWARE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE)
Diamonte Taylor was the triggerman who killed 15-year-old Brandon Wingo in a deadly war between rival street gangs in Wilmington, prosecutors told a jury as Taylor's first degree murder trial opened Monday.
Wingo was killed as he walked home from Howard High School of Technology in May 2016. Deputy Attorney General Mark Denny said Taylor, 20, and other members of the Shoot To Kill gang planned the murder as revenge for the death of one of their associates.
Denny said Taylor approached Wingo on Clifford Brown walk and shot three times as the freshman tried to escape.
"As (Wingo) was on the ground, he put a bullet in the top of his head," Denny told the jury.
Denny said the state plans to present evidence that shows how STK gang members used social media to mock Wingo and boast about the killing.
The jury will also hear testimony from Kevon Harris-Dickerson, one of three men indicted on murder charges in the killing and whose case is the subject of a sealed plea agreement, Denny said.
Prosecutors showed the jury a Facebook post from after the murder that they said a person associated with the STK gang put up suggesting Wingo should have left his book bag at school so "he would have been lighter on his feet."
Brandon Wingo was shown in a number of photos entered into evidence by state prosecutors. (Photo: Delaware Attorney General)
Denny said Wingo's killing was payback for the death of Jordan Ellerbe, who was 16 years old when he was shot in the head while hanging out on a porch in Wilmington's Hilltop neighborhood in Jan. 2015.
On Monday, William Moran, a crime gun intelligence coordinator with federal law enforcement, said he first started to see STK activity on social media when Ellerbe was killed. Moran analyzed social media communication for the Delaware Department of Justice prior to taking a similar job with the federal government in Wilmington in January, he told the jury.
The jury saw dozens of social media postings by Taylor, Smith and other purported members of the STK gang memorializing Ellerbe and disrespecting their rival Only My Brothers gang.
Last year, The News Journal documented a deadly feud between teens associated with STK and the OMB gang.
Social media posts included members of the rival gang exchanging insults and threatening messages.
The posts frequently included hashtags and statements about Ellerbe. Purported STK gang members profiles frequently sported #JU41, meaning J's up for life — a tribute to Ellerbe, Moran said.
Taylor has a "23" tattooed on his throat, an apparent memorial to the Jan. 23 date Ellerbe was gunned down, Moran stated. He also has STK tattooed on his wrist.
"He was well liked by STK," Denny said of Ellerbe.
Buy Photo People gather at a makeshift memorial on the porch of a house on the 200 block of N. Broom Street closest to the spot where 16-year-old Jordan Ellerbe was shot and killed in gunfire that wounded two others early Friday evening in January 2015. (Photo: WILLIAM BRETZGER/THE NEWS JOURNAL)
Denny said members of STK wanted to retaliate by killing someone close to OMB. He did not detail precisely how Wingo was affiliated to OMB, except to say he was liked by that group.
The shooters chose Wingo and they wanted the assassination to be public, he said.
"They wanted to do it in broad daylight to send a message," Denny told the jury.
Before news had broken about whom the victim was, prosecutors said Taylor and other STK members were sharing an online article posted by The News Journal reporting that a person had been shot in the head on Clifford Brown walk.
Denny said this was STK taking "early credit."
Buy Photo Police investigate a shooting in Wilmington's Eastside on May 19. Brandon Wingo, 15, was the victim. (Photo: JOHN J. JANKOWSKI JR./SPECIAL TO THE NEWS JOURNAL)
They also posted mocking messages about Wingo and tributes to Ellerbe the day of the killing and in the weeks after, prosecutors said.
"Smokin Eastside YG That's Bwingo pack," read one post with purported STK gang members including Taylor posing for a photo while displaying gang gestures. YG stands for Yola Gang, another name for the OMB gang, Moran said.
Monday's testimony consisted entirely of Moran being questioned by prosecutors.
In his opening statements to the jury, John Barber, Taylor's attorney, did not address specific evidence but told the jury "do not rush to judgment."
He reminded jurors that they must presume Taylor to be innocent until he is proven guilty and it is the state's burden to prove that guilt.
Buy Photo The grave stone of Jordan Ellerbe rests at Gracelawn Cemetery in an area called Garden of Serenity just 80 steps away from the grave of Brandon Wingo, a teen believed to be associated with a rival gang in Wilmington. (Photo: Suchat Pederson/The News Journal)
"If you have a reasonable doubt, you must give him the benefit of the doubt and find him not guilty," Barber said.
Evidence at the trial will encompass several other gang-related robberies and shootings during the month Wingo died.
Taylor was indicted on first degree murder, gang participation and other charges alongside Zaahir Smith, 20, and Harris-Dickerson, 22, in Wingo's death.
From left, Kevon Harris-Dickerson, Zaahir Smith and Diamonte Taylor have been indicted in the shooting death 15-year-old Brandon Wingo. (Photo: DELAWARE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE)
Smith is to be tried at a later date. Other than the murder, prosecutors said some combination of the three were involved in a robbery, two other shootings and menacing another person with a gun in May.
Smith and Taylor also face charges including gang participation, conspiracy, assault and robbery.
Contact Xerxes Wilson at (302) 324-2787 or xwilson@delawareonline.com. Follow @Ber_Xerxes on Twitter.
GANGS IN WILMINGTON
Wilmington: most dangerous place in America for youth
A young life, forever changed on a Wilmington street
Delaware gang statute employed mostly against blacks
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/2018/03/19/prosecutors-diamonte-taylor-killed-brandon-wingo-deadly-gang-war-wilmington/438021002/
Commodity prices are determined by the dynamics of supply and demand and they oscillate over time according to expectations of market participants, who form and update their outlooks based on new information available in the market. As new information about supply and demand of commodities becomes available, buyers and sellers review their beliefs and trade in the market accordingly. This process of price discovery is crucial for various business decisions in the agricultural sector, such as production, marketing and risk management. For instance, if new information on supply and demand suggests that corn prices will decrease, grain producers might want to choose a risk management strategy that protects them against falling prices.
Public-available crop reports are one of the main sources of information about underlying supply and demand in many agricultural markets. Government agencies, such as the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), collect and analyze data on crop supply and demand, and then distribute their results and forecasts to all market participants. The World Agricultural Supply and Demand Estimates (WASDE) report is prepared and released by the USDA every month, and it is the report most commonly followed by grain market participants. The WASDE publishes data on supply and demand for corn and soybeans (along with other commodities) in the United States and other countries.
Figure 1 shows the main supply and demand variables for corn and soybeans accounted for in the WASDE report. Essentially, the supply side takes into account the availability of grain in the market, while the demand (use) side considers the various ways in which the grain is used. Starting with supply, the amount of grain available in a given year is determined by beginning stocks (how much is carried over from the previous year), production (amount produced domestically in the current year) and imports (amount bought from other countries). On the demand (use) side, we can look into two major groups: domestic use and exports. Domestic use refers to the different activities that consume grain in the domestic market. For example, in the United States, corn is used domestically to feed livestock and produce food products and ethanol, while soybeans are mostly used in the domestic market to produce soybean meal and oil (crushings). Adding exports (i.e. international demand) to domestic use gives us the total amount of grain that is used or consumed in a given year. Finally, subtracting total use from total supply leads to the amount of grain still available at the end of the year (ending stocks).
Each WASDE report contains supply and demand information for the United States and all other major producers and consumers of grain in the world. In addition to data on the current and previous crop years, the WASDE report also releases forecasts for the next crop year that begins in September and runs through August of the following year.
Figure 1. Main supply and demand variables for corn and soybeans in the WASDE report.
Corn Beginning stocks (1)
+ Production (2)
+ Imports (3)
= Total supply (1+2+3) Feed and residual (4)
+ Food, seed and industrial use (5)
= Domestic use (4+5)
+ Exports (6)
= Total use (4+5+6) Ending stocks (total supply – total use) Soybeans Beginning stocks (1)
+ Production (2)
+ Imports (3)
= Total supply (1+2+3) Crushings (4)
+ Seed (5)
+ Residual (6)
= Domestic use (4+5+6)
+ Exports (7)
= Total use (4+5+6+7) Ending stocks (total supply – total use)
Example of the WASDE report released in June 2017
The leadership position of U.S. agriculture in the world and the comprehensiveness and the timeliness of its information have historically established crop reports from USDA as the benchmark for all supply and demand data worldwide. However, the landscape in commodity markets has been changing in the recent past. The share of U.S. major grain exports in the global market declined steadily over the past several years, while the relative importance of other countries has increased. Currently, countries like Argentina, Brazil, China and Ukraine have a much larger share of the world grain market than they had 10-15 years ago. As the relative importance of other countries in the world grain market increases, more and better data is necessary in order for market participants to assess conditions in these countries and respond accordingly. Despite all the technology advances in collecting and assessing data, it may still be challenging to forecast supply and demand in foreign countries, especially when the agriculture industry in these countries is undergoing rapid changes. As many other countries become increasingly important in the world market, two questions emerge. Does the WASDE report forecast supply and demand for other countries as accurately as it does for the United States? In addition, are WASDE forecasts for the world market accurate at all?
We explored these questions by looking into WASDE forecasts for corn and soybeans for production, imports, domestic use, exports, feed (corn only), crushings (soybeans only) and ending stocks. The first estimate for a given crop year is released in the month of May preceding the beginning of the crop year, while the last estimate for the same crop year is released a few months after its end. Therefore, there are approximately 20 monthly estimates for each variable for a given crop year. We calculated the “forecast error” by comparing each monthly estimate to the final number for the variable. For example, in May 2017, the WASDE estimated that U.S. corn exports for 2017/18 will be 47.63 million metric tons. Later, after the end of the 2017/18 crop year, let us assume that U.S. corn exports turn out to be 55 million metric tons. Thus, the estimate released in May 2017 (47.63) was 13.4% lower than the actual number for 2017/18 (55). Therefore, -13.4% is the forecast error for U.S. corn exports in May 2017.
We investigated these estimates for four countries: Argentina, Brazil, China and the United States. The sample generally starts in the early 1980's, but the total sample size for each country varies from 14 to 36 years (Table 1). For example, the corn sample for Brazil starts in 2002/03 because corn was not a relevant crop in Brazil before that time. Hence, WASDE would not report individual estimates for corn in Brazil before 2002.
Table 1: WASDE sample periods for each country CORN SOYBEANS ARGENTINA 1985/86 – 2015/16
(31 years) 1985/86 – 2015/16
(31 years) BRAZIL 2002/03 – 2015/16
(14 years) 1985/86 – 2015/16
(31 years) CHINA 1988/89 – 2015/16
(28 years) 1997/98 – 2015/16
(19 years) UNITED STATES 1985/86 – 2015/16
(31 years) 1980/81 – 2015/16
(31 years)
Overall, our results indicate a certain degree of overestimation (estimates are higher than final numbers) and underestimation (estimates are lower than final numbers) in the WASDE reports for all variables in all countries. In particular, our findings suggest some caution with the forecasts released before the beginning of the crop year and in the first few months of the crop year. There is large variability in estimates during those early months (either overestimation or underestimation), i.e. initial forecasts are not especially accurate. More specifically, for corn, there is evidence of underestimation for production, domestic use and feed in Argentina; production, imports and ending stocks in Brazil; production and ending stocks in China; and imports in the United States. For soybeans, there is evidence of underestimation for production, domestic use, crushings and ending stocks in Argentina, Brazil and China. In the United States, domestic use, crushings and exports tend to be underestimated in the early months, while ending stocks tend to be overestimated. Figure 3 (corn) and Figure 4 (soybeans) illustrate these findings for each variable in each country as they show average forecast errors in each month of the forecasting cycle (the average forecast error in a given month is the average of errors in that month across all years in our sample).
For most variables, these findings suggest that, in the early months, estimates tend to be smaller than the actual number turns out to be in later months. In general, the magnitude of those forecast errors are generally larger in Argentina and China and smaller in the United States. Hence, it seems that the WASDE can forecast supply and demand more accurately in the United States than it does in other countries.
Regardless of the magnitude of forecast errors in the early months, there is one finding common to all forecasts in the WASDE report. They do become more accurate during the crop year (i.e. forecast errors tend to reduce significantly as months go by) and the variability of the forecasts decreases. In other words, the magnitude of overestimation or underestimation is generally larger when forecasts are made before the beginning of the crop year (or in the first few months of the crop year) than when they are made towards the end of the crop year (Figure 3 and Figure 4). This should be expected since it becomes relatively easier to make forecasts as more information becomes available during the crop year. For example, once the crop starts being harvested, we have more and better information to forecast production; hence, we can naturally make more precise forecasts about production after the crop year starts.
Another finding of this analysis is that forecast errors have generally become smaller over the years, i.e. forecasts now tend to be relatively more accurate than they were in the past (say, 10-15 years ago). This could be due to many reasons. For example, market analysts might have improved their forecasting models and/or gained access to more and better data. Either way, it is certainly beneficial for market participants when the quality of forecasts improves over time. Forecasting is a complex job that involves many challenges in understanding differences in market structure across commodities and countries, finding reliable and detailed information on supply and demand in different countries, creating a robust statistical model, among others. Therefore, it is not surprising that our findings indicate the presence of forecast errors for many supply and demand variables in Argentina, Brazil, China and the United States. It could also be expected that the magnitude of forecast errors varies across countries, which can happen for various reasons. For example, data may be more readily available or of better quality in some countries than in others, or forecasters may have distinct levels of familiarity with markets in different countries. Nevertheless, it is positive that, in general, the accuracy of the WASDE forecasts has been improving over time and it also tends to improve during the crop year.
Finally, as we stated in the beginning, supply and demand forecasts are important in the process of price determination in commodity markets. Since forecasts are not perfect, it is often useful to learn about the magnitude and direction of forecast errors for different variables in different countries, which can help understand and sometimes anticipate price movements in the market.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jordan Henderson insists Liverpool is up for the challenge of facing Tottenham.
Liverpool could be forgiven for being wary following Spurs' impressive win over Manchester United in midweek.
Mauricio Pochettino's side also inflicted a humiliating 4-1 loss on the Reds at Wembley in October in another demonstration of their attacking qualities.
Yet a bullish Henderson says Liverpool are full of confidence after their win at Huddersfield.
“Yeah, we've got a big game on Sunday against Spurs, who are a very good side,” said the Reds skipper.
(Image: Getty Images)
(Image: PA)
“They've got fantastic players and a fantastic squad of players.
“It will be a big test, but one I think we're ready for. We need to make sure we put in performances like we did at Huddersfield on a regular basis.
“We're really excited to see what we can do over these last few months of the season.”
Henderson claims Liverpool will go for the win, even though a draw would maintain their two-point advantage over Tottenham.
“The points difference doesn't matter,” said the England midfielder. “Three points are available for both teams, so we will go into it like a normal game and prepare like we would always.
“Obviously they've got some fantastic players. They're a top side, so it will be a tough game. But after Huddersfield, we should be full of confidence to go into that game and put in another good performance.”
(Image: Andrew Powell)
Henderson felt Liverpool's accomplished display against David Wagner's Terriers was the perfect response to the criticism following their defeats to Swansea and West Brom.
“The results and performances over the previous two games are something we were disappointed with,” he said.
“We knew Huddersfield would be tough and it was a good game for us to come and show we can put it right. I thought we did that, but we've got a long way to keep improving, keep getting better.
“The clean sheet was very pleasing. They are important for us and we need to continue that mentality.”
Henderson was delighted to come through his first start in five weeks at Huddersfield following his hamstring injury and gave Andy Robertson an earful for not getting tight enough to Laurent Depoitre.
“At times I can shout at one or two people,” he smiled. “But I think everybody responds well. We're a great set of lads, togetherness is really good. On the pitch, we just need to do what we need to do to win.”
© James Gourley / Global Look Press
Fleas in Arizona have tested positive for the bubonic plague, prompting health officials to advise residents to "take precautions" to reduce their risk of becoming infected with the disease, which killed millions during the Middle Ages.Navajo County confirmed on Friday that fleas in the area have tested positive for the disease, once known as 'the Black Death.'"Navajo County Health Department is urging the public to take precautions to reduce their risk of exposure to this serious disease, which can be present in fleas, rodents, rabbits and predators that feed upon these animals," the county wrote in a post on Facebook"The disease can be transmitted to humans and other animals by the bite of an infected flea or by direct contact with an infected animal."The county also urged people living, working, camping, or visiting the affected areas to take precautions to reduce their risk of contracting the plague. Such precautions including avoiding sick or dead animals, keeping dogs on a leash, and avoiding rodent burrows and fleas.The Navajo County announcement comes after nearby Coconino County made a similar revelation last week.Authorities in both counties say they plan on treating the burrows where the infected fleas were found, all of which are located on private property.According to studies cited by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), plague outbreaks occasionally occur in the southwestern US during cooler summers that follow wet winters.An outbreak in 2015 led to 11 people becoming infected with the disease, three of whom died. The cases occurred in Arizona, California, Colorado, Georgia, New Mexico and Oregon.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A poacher threw a dead hare out of a car window during a high-speed chase with police.
Cambridgeshire Police have released dashcam video showing the dramatic chase along country roads in the county, as poachers reversed to escape the force of the law.
The video shows two cars reversing at speed down a narrow road, while officer pursue the crooks.
Police put together a file and summoned a man to court after the chase, in October last year, reports the Cambridge News .
Arron Smith, 23, of Redhill, Surrey, was given a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) following incidents of hare coursing across the county in October last year after he travelled from Surrey to Cambridgeshire.
(Image: Cambridge News WS)
He appeared at Cambridge Magistrates' Court on September 27 this year after he was summoned for poaching, failing to stop and driving without insurance.
The court heard how officers from the Rural Crime Action Team (RCAT) were on patrol on October 19 last year when they were alerted to a green Subaru being used for hare coursing in Peterborough.
Superintendent James Sutherland said: “This case proves once again just how effective our Rural Crime Action Team can be. They are expert countryside officers: British policing at its very best.
“We are going to use every legal power at our disposal to drive hare coursing out of the county.
“Our first ever Criminal Behaviour Order for a hare courser combined with a driving ban and thousands of pounds in fines and costs shows just how serious the consequences of coursing in this county can be: you risk losing your dogs, your car and your cash.”
(Image: Cambridge News WS)
The vehicle driven by Smith was found in Thorney but failed to stop for officers and as it travelled towards Crowland a dead hare was thrown from the window into the road.
Officers stopped the pursuit because of the dangerous way the Subaru was being driven but it was later spotted in Littleport, Coveney and finally Swaffham Bulbeck.
Smith and other men, who have not been identified, could be seen with three Lurcher dogs hare coursing in a field but once again fled when they spotted the officers.
In their haste they left the dogs behind and they were seized by the RCAT.
On December 2, Smith was reported for failing to stop and driving without insurance after further reports of hare coursing in Thorney.
Smith was identified as the driver of the vehicle during an identity parade.
The indefinite CBO stipulates that Smith is prohibited from trespassing on any land in Cambridgeshire whilst in possession of a Lurcher or Lurcher-type dog whilst in company of another person with a Lurcher.
Smith was ordered to forfeit his Subaru and three dogs. He was ordered to pay £250 compensation to three farmers, £5,535 in kennel costs, a £200 fine for poaching, £400 fine for no insurance as well as £145 in costs and surcharges.
Finally Smith was also disqualified from driving for 12 months.
LANDOVER, Md. — Paul Perkins said he felt something Sunday that he hadn't felt since high school.
Nervous.
The rookie made his first NFL start against Washington at FedEx Field, and although he knew it was going to happen — the coaches told him there would be a change in the depth chart earlier in the week — actually stepping out there on the field for the Giants' first offensive snaps was a bit daunting.
“Having my number coming out first and the defense is ready, licking their chops, the crowd is hyped, that was probably the biggest difference,” he said. “I was just nervous, so I was trying to get my nerves under control.”
He settled down and settled in, and the running back of the future had a Baby New Year-type of day with 102 yards on 21 carries. He became the first Giants running back to top 100 since Rashad Jennings against the Eagles in last season's regular-season finale.
“I thought he ran nicely,” Ben McAdoo said. “I thought he had a couple of nice cuts and stuck his foot in the ground. He had a chance to put his pads down a couple of times and run for some physical, tough yards.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
It's been quite the journey for Perkins, from fifth-round pick in the spring, to offseason absentee while he finished his academic career at UCLA, to inactive for the first few games of his rookie season. Eventually he started getting more and more carries, more and more snaps. That culminated Sunday.
“This is what everybody dreams of, everybody hopes for, coming into a top organization, coming in here and making a difference,” Perkins said.
The Giants' running game has been a disappointment for most of this season, but it made progress in the past few weeks. The team ran for 114 yards in each of the previous two games before Sunday's season-high 161. One of the reasons was the play of deposed starter Jennings, who ran for 52 yards on 18 carries. The Giants can only have one starter, but they still operated on a two-back system, with Bobby Rainey playing a handful of snaps as the third back.
As word of Perkins' numbers spread among the offensive linemen, their eyes opened with pride. Perkins, though, downplayed it. He said the game did not feel like a milestone for him, even though it was filled with a lot of firsts.
“I have high expectations,” he said. “It's nice, but I'm striving for more. I left a lot of yards on the field. It should have been more.”
Giants videos
He'll get another chance. Perkins likely will go into the playoffs as the starter for the Giants, which he said might elicit a whole new round of nerves.
“It doesn't mean anything if I don't do it next week,” he said of his performance.
It's not unheard of in Giants lore for a rookie running back to bloom late in the year. The most famous recent example was in 2007, when Ahmad Bradshaw burst on the scene in the final two regular-season games and wound up being the team's leading rusher in Super Bowl XLII.
Perkins said he is familiar with Bradshaw.
“Hopefully,” he said, “it's the same thing for us.”
Sunday December 17 is the date for Sutton-in-Ashfield Rambling Club's Christmas Ramble in Derbyshire's Wessington, Crich and Ambergate area.
The club would be very pleased to welcome new members to an easy seven-mile Christmas ramble. As usual there will be an extended lunch break at the Black Swan in Crich to give plenty of time for singing, refreshments and a raffle.
The walk will start at Wessington and then follow a couple of field footpaths across to Wheatcroft.
Ramblers will then head up to enjoy the views from Crich Stand and then drop down into Crich for Christmas festivities.
Suitably refreshed you will then pass by the chapel, up onto Crich Tor, through Crich Chase and descend to walk a short section of the Cromford Canal. before then linking up with the A6 and boarding the coach on the A610 near Ambergate for 4pm departure home.
The Skills coach sets off from the Staff of Life pub in Sutton-in-Ashfield at 9.15am and from the Bancroft Lane end of Stockwell Gate (outside the Asda supermarket) in Mansfield at 9.30am.
Other pick up points are available between these locations. The coach fare is £10. For further information, ring 07580 403471.
Shortly after her engagement announcement to Prince Harry, the Meghan Markle interview vault was opened. Old clips and videos—inspiring ones at that—resurfaced, reminding us of how wonderful, motivational, and downright witty this celebrity is. Yet another Markle moment has popped up on our feeds, and it's so empowering and relatable that you'll probably start tearing up. If you're at your desk, you better grab some tissues.
For the 12th issue of Darling, Markle penned a personal essay that revealed a moment that completely changed her life—the wake-up call in her early 20s that reminded her that she was "enough."
VIDEO: 5 One-Minute Ways to Feel Your Best
She writes that she was struggling to find her value "in an industry that judges you on everything that you're not versus everything that you are." She was on an audition when the casting director April Webster interrupted her to give her a piece of life advice that changed everything. "I had never met her before, and at my very first audition for her, she stopped me mid-scene and said so simply, 'You need to know that you're enough.'"
RELATED: This Meditation App Is the Secret to Eliminating Holiday Stress
And it all hit her.
"I was breathless. No one had ever seen it, or perhaps no one had ever called me out, but there in that small box of a room in Burbank, this woman I had never met saw me. My gut reaction was to smile. To smile hard. Maybe that would keep the tears tucked behind my draping eyes. It wouldn't have mattered if I cried, because she saw me. She saw all that self-doubt beaming through the self-tanner and excessive blush. 'You need to know that you're enough,' she said. 'Less makeup, more Meghan.' She went on to say that I was like a 'shrinking violet,' wilted joy and energy and exuberance behind this shroud of insecurity. You couldn't pay for a therapy session this good. And that moment, for me, was a wake-up call."
She goes on to explain how she wrote about this experience on her recently retired website The Tig, and how she used the platform for these inspirational stories. If this isn't a reminder that celebrities are just like us—dealing with the struggle of self-acceptance, self-confidence, and security, we're not sure what is.
New Delhi: Indian cricketer Mohammed Shami, who faced severe criticism for a picture posted on Facebook along with wife Hasin Jahan, has come back to show bigots that he remains unaffected with the criticism by posting another beautiful picture.
Here's Shami's latest picture with his wife:-
Na Sathi Hai Na Hamara Hai Koi Na Kisi Ke Hum Na Hamara Hai KoiPar Apko Dekh Kar Keh Sakte Hain Ek Pyarasa humsafar hai Koi Happy new Year pic.twitter.com/YzBJmkiqha — Mohammed Shami (@MdShami11) December 31, 2016
Doning the avatar of a poet, Shami blew trolls apart in poetic fashion.
(READ: Mohammad Kaif faces Twitter wrath for doing Surya Namaskar; responds to shut up trolls)
"Na Sathi Hai Na Hamara Hai Koi Na Kisi Ke Hum Na Hamara Hai KoiPar Apko Dekh Kar Keh Sakte Hain Ek Pyarasa humsafar hai Koi Happy new Year," tweeted the Indian seamer.
Few dogmatic people, having not learnt their lesson, criticized Shami yet again.
1. "@MdShami11 Even the Rajput woman have "Haya" and "Parda" !! But u showing off your wives beauty to get some money !! Shame on u"
2. @MdShami11 Wife and money are supposed to be hidden and not to be shown off. Think about the world above.
3. @MdShami11 ...thora v to sharm kro yar....public m is trh....jo v krna h parde m kro.....​
(READ: Mohammed Shami hits back on social media dogmatism, asks trollers do self introspection)
And there were those who supported Shami for being bold against social media dogmatism.
1. @MdShami11 More burnol to haters! Keep rocking Shami! Happy New Year!
2. @MdShami11 she's a stunner. All the best to both of you!
3. @MdShami11 allah aap ki jodi salamat rakhe....ameen
4. @MdShami11 you are a real Stud. Don't bother about Donkeys... God bless you and a happy new year,bro.
ALPHARETTA, Ga. (AP) — Republicans are bidding to prevent a major upset in a conservative Georgia congressional district where Democrats stoked by opposition to President Donald Trump have rallied behind a candidate who has raised a shocking amount of money for a special election.
Tuesday's jungle-style primary lumps all 18 candidates on one ballot and is expected to be more competitive than Republicans' single-digit victory in Kansas last week that also tested both parties' strategies for the 2018 midterm elections with Trump in the White House.
Trump underperformed other Republicans in the suburban Atlanta district, an affluent, well-educated swath filled with the kind of voters Democrats need if they hope to reclaim a House majority next year.
Republicans essentially concede that Democrat Jon Ossoff, a former congressional staffer, will lead Tuesday's voting. That leaves 11 Republican candidates hoping the 30-year-old investigative filmmaker fails to reach a majority. If he doesn't, Ossoff and the top GOP vote-getter would meet in a June 20 runoff.
Advertisement
Five Democrats will appear on the ballot, but Ossoff is the GOP's greatest threat. He raised more than $8.3 million, most of it from outside the district. Two independent candidates also are running. The winner will succeed Tom Price, who resigned to become Trump's health secretary.
Ossoff has enough momentum to draw attention from Trump himself. The president took to Twitter on Monday to blast the “super liberal” Democrat in the contest without naming names. He said the “super liberal” Democrat “wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!” Trump, Ossoff answered in a statement, is “misinformed.”
Both major parties have dispatched paid field staffers. Republican groups are running a blitz of ads trying to tie Ossoff to House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi; a political action committee backed by House Speaker Ryan has spent more than $2 million.
Karen Handel, Georgia's former secretary of state, has led the Republican field. Technology executive Bob Gray; and two former state senators, Dan Moody and Judson Hill — are polling closest to Handel in a fight for the No. 2 spot.
The GOP scramble has been intense, with GOP rivals accusing Handel of being a political opportunist and the conservative Club for Growth spending six figures on ads to defeat her.
National Republicans say any of the four competitive GOP candidates could defeat Ossoff in a second round of voting. GOP voters, they predict, would be energized in a Republican vs. Democrat scenario, making it harder for Ossoff to run above the fray as he has leading up to the primary.
Ossoff has tried to walk a line between liberals looking for a chance to oppose Trump and Republicans who couldn't support him in November. Ossoff pledges to fight Trump when he “embarrasses” the country. But he tells voters in one ad, “I'll work with anybody in Washington who respects your tax dollars.”
Handel is among the Republican candidates trying to maintain some distance from Trump, rarely discussing him unless asked. Gray has instead tried to portray himself as a “willing partner” for the president. Other Republican candidates, though, have questioned whether Gray always backed Trump or is simply strategizing a path to a runoff election.
Polls will be open from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m.
___
Follow Foody and Barrow on Twitter at https://twitter.com/KatieFoody and https://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP
PSEG Long Island is requesting over $9 million more from LIPA ratepayers in 2017 to install some 50,000 new smart meters in customer homes, charging stations for electric cars and a two-meter on-bill loan program to fund customers' solar-energy systems.
In a filing late in December, PSEG detailed the proposed programs and their costs, and outlined an ambitious new program called Super Saver, designed to cut energy by employing new technologies and education, for a section of the electric grid in Yaphank.
The filing makes reference to a 15-turbine wind farm to help provide power for the South Fork, saying contract talks for the project were expected to be completed late last year or “early 2017.” The formal announcement of the wind farm is widely expected to be included in Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo's regional state-of-the-state address on Long Island as soon as next week.
All the proposed programs, if approved, would require a “modest budget amendment” this year to pay for the programs, PSEG said in the filing.
PSEG to date has installed more than 5,000 smart meters, which allow two-way communication between customers and the utility through an islandwide wireless communication network. Smart meters allow the utility to monitor customer usage frequently through each day and eliminate the need for meter readers. Customers get real-time data on their usage.
For 2017, PSEG proposed smart meters become the standard for all “normally scheduled meter installations,” including new service, upgrades, meter retirements and damaged meter replacements. PSEG, which already uses smart meters for all solar-energy customer meters, also proposed smart meters this year for other business customers and for “customer-satisfaction” objectives.
The new on-bill financing program for solar energy systems would for the first time require that PSEG install two electric meters on customers' homes. The current financing program, administered by New York State, would be replaced by one managed by PSEG with the help of the state's Green Bank, which help to arrange private capital to fund the program.
Customers would have two meters — one the existing “net” meter which banks all their excess solar energy, and another called an “AMI inverter meter.” According to PSEG's plan, customers each month would be billed for their total usage, and receive a credit for their solar generation, which would be applied to the third-party loan charges before deducting for any usage charges.
Solar installations funded by the customers or financed in other ways would not need the two-meter system.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
PSEG has proposed to roll out the program to some 1,250 solar projects, or to installations over the 12 months. It awaits final approval.
For the electric vehicle program, PSEG will pay for new charging stations at any business that commits to have at least five employees use electric vehicles. It proposes to have 100 stations in place by the end of 2018.
PSEG also would buy 20 plug-in vehicles for its own use “to showcase the technology.” The utility would install charging stations for its own employees, create a new time-of-use rate with certain discounts for electric vehicle customers and develop educational and marketing material for the devices.
The new Yaphank program would work to reduce customer electric usage through a series of devices and programs aimed at lowering demand at specific substations. The plan would educate customers on lowering their bills, provide them with smart meters, energy audits and up to 12 low-energy LED light bulbs, as well as smart thermostats that let the utility remotely adjust settings to cut peak summer power use. The utility would offer a special time-of-use rate to help cut power and direct usage to nonpeak hours.
A PSEG spokesman didn't immediately provide a comment on the proposal.
Just as the World Cup had forced the British media to grudgingly acknowledge the obvious truth that Russia is an extremely interesting country inhabited, like everywhere else, by mostly pleasant and attractive people, we have a screaming reprise of the "Salisbury incident" dominating the British media. Two people have been taken ill in Amesbury from an unknown substance, which might yet be a contaminated recreational drug, but could conceivably be from contact with the substance allegedly used on the Skripals, presumably some of which was somewhere indoors all this time as we were told it could be washed away and neutralised by water.Amesbury is not Salisbury - it is 10 miles away. Interestingly enough Porton Down is between Amesbury and Salisbury. Just three miles away from Muggleton Road, Amesbury. The news reports are not mentioning that much.Neither Porton Down nor the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons has any idea where the substance to which the Skripals were allegedly exposed was made. Boris Johnson's great "coup" of obtaining a majority vote at the OPCW to expand its powers to place blame for chemical attacks, has proven rather otiose as the OPCW has no evidence on which to base any blame for Salisbury. In fact, four months on, May and Johnson's shrill blaming of Russia remains entirely, 100% evidence free.I do however wish to congratulate the neo-con warmongers of the Guardian newspaper for verbal dexterity. They have come up with a new formulation to replace the hackneyed "Of a type developed by Russia", to point the finger for a substance that could have been made by dozens of state or non state parties. The Guardian today came up with "Russian-created novichok". This cleverly employs a word that can encompass "developed" while also appearing to say "made". It also again makes out that novichok is a specific substance rather than a very broad class of substances. The Guardian's Steven Morris, by this brilliant attempt deliberately to mislead his readers, runs away with this week's award for lying neo-con media whore of the week. His achievement is particularly good as the rest of his report is largely a simple copy and paste from the Press Association.I most certainly hope that the couple in Salisbury hospital recover from whatever is afflicting them. The media is, by making this the lead story on all broadcast news after last night's football, inviting us to make the connection to the Skripals. In which case I assume the couple were perfectly well for five hours after contact, able to be very active and even to eat and drink heavily, before being mysteriously instantly disabled at the same time despite different ages, sexes, weights, and metabolisms and random uncontrolled dosages.Replicating that would be quite a feat.
It's a bombshell development in a 45-year-old cold case mystery.
Scroll for more content...
A commercial airplane hijacker escaped with a daring parachute jump in 1971 and was never seen again.
A team of private investigators says it has cracked a code that it says shows the infamous hijacker who went by the name D.B. Cooper is, in fact, a man who has ties to the Stockton area, named Robert Rackstraw.
Rackstraw is a former Stockton resident, whose family also lived in Calaveras County.
Mark Zaid is the attorney who represents the team of private investigators working on the cold case.
"We showed one of the letters to a former member of an army intelligence unit that Robert Rackstraw used to belong to," Zaid said.
Zaid says that former service member recognized a set of digits in the D.B. Cooper letter as a code he and Rackstraw used in their unit.
Applying the code, new words appeared that investigators say, point to Rackstraw.
"It said can FBI catch me –SWS," Zaid said. "Which stood for special warfare school where Rackstraw went to learn coding."
Since the day before Thanksgiving in 1971, the mysterious case of the Northwest Orient airlines hijacker has intrigued people around the world.
The man who called himself D.B. Cooper showed a flight attendant a bomb in a suitcase, allowed passengers to leave, asked for $200,000 and parachutes, and when the plane took off again, jumped out with all that cash strapped to his body.
No one found him all these years.
"I mean the odds of these, once this code is applied, actually referring back to Rackstraw, I'd love to play the lotto," Zaid said.
Rackstraw's attorney says his client lives in San Diego now and maintains he is not D.B. Cooper.
The FBI issued a statement reading after this development, they still don't have the evidence to solve this case.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The dumping of glamour girls from darts tournaments and Formula One has caused one heck of a stink this past week.
Darts chiefs decided “walk-on” girls who accompany stars to the stage were “in danger of becoming incompatible with family viewing”.
Then F1's grid girls were dumped after decades because bosses said “this custom clearly is at odds with modern day societal norms”.
The nation has suddenly become divided on the issue of whether glamour models should be axed from televised sports fixtures.
Not so much Brexit as GBrexit – Glamour Brigade exit.
Those against the ban suggest PC-mad Britain is taking away women's choices and rights on how to make a living. High-profile supporters of this view are Kelly Brook and Lizzie Cundy.
(Image: Getty Images South America)
Sorry ladies, while I'm all for women having a choice – and certainly don't want them to lose jobs – I have an alternative view.
I grew up in the 1970s and 80s and witnessed years of Benny Hill, Carry On films and Miss World. Plus constantly seeing women as sexual accessories to male presenters.
All these subconsciously drive inferior and negative images of women in the wider society.
So, as kids we were constantly shown images of men taking the lead in sports and TV shows. But the women were always the ones that just stood on the side, smiling, showing off their figure, not saying a word. No wonder so many people were left with the impression that women are to be seen, not heard.
And this is the crux of why I want this gender inequality banned.
Why do we have to subject our children to seeing women in sports or entertainment as mute glamour models? Don't these women have a voice, a say, an opinion?
If I see a glamour model, who has for years walked a darts player on to the stage, or been the grid girl for a F1 racing driver, I want her to be given every opportunity to be part of the televised event.
Why can't she be given a voice, why can't we hear her opinion of the game or race and get to know her as a person and a personality?
I put this question to my Talk Radio co-presenter Jamie East and he said it would be impossible, that it would never happen. But again, I ask why? Why can't a woman who is on the screen with the sportsman be interviewed alongside him to include her in the sport?
(Image: PA)
If she has been in the industry for years I would want to hear what she has to say. Her view on the result – or F1 life behind the scenes.
Jamie's case was that some of the girls may not want to do that. My argument is how do you know if you have never asked them, given them the opportunity to express themselves or even made it part of their job requirement?
Why not offer them training to help them with public speaking?
I find it truly insulting as a woman that these girls have been fired from the jobs they love doing. If I was their boss, I would have created a positive role which would give them a presence that people could engage with in a healthy manner.
One where young girls could look at them and be inspired because of their skills to communicate, interview or offer knowledge they have gained over years of doing the job.
The glamour girls are right to be up in arms about being sacked.
But they should be angry with bosses who failed to see potential beyond their chests and teeth.
And not be taking a pop at those of us who want to showcase their intellect and skill.
Commerce Minister Hon. Joey Hew says work is continuing on Cayman's draft Consumer Protection Law. This as concerns were raised by some Chamber of Commerce members. The Minister responded to the concerns raised about the draft, he said it is still in its infancy stage. “Once the law reform society are through with their public consultation period it will come to government and the to caucus and Cabinet and then we will also have to have another public consultation period,” said Minister Hew. Chamber members had complained that the current draft would negatively impact business. The Chamber of Commerce has until 31 March to offer its suggestions for the proposed legislation. The Law Reform Commission extended the consultation period through 1 May.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
New Delhi: The Indian Railways has received more than 2.3 crore applications for nearly 90,000 jobs it had advertised for earlier this year, the ministry said on Tuesday.
Railway Recruitment Boards (RRBs) published two fresh notifications - on February 3 and February 10 - for a total of 89,409 vacancies.
Till now, it has received 47.56 lakh applications for 26,502 vacancies of assistant loco-pilots and technicians, and another 1.90 crore for 62,907 vacancies of Level-1 (erstwhile Group 'D') posts. This takes the total number of applications received for 89,409 posts to a whopping 2.37 crore.
The railways will conduct the world's largest computer-based recruitment exam within hours, which earlier took around two months to complete, the ministry said in a statement.
It said the online process will save an estimated 10 lakh trees. There will also be a provision for a 'mock test' before the actual examination to provide applicants with an opportunity to familiarise with the improved computer-based testing process.
"Online Application System has saved the candidates from worries and uncertainties about postal delays or non-delivery of their applications. They are sure of submission of their applications and get SMS and email alerts at various stages of recruitment. Computer-based examination gives the candidates the flexibility of toggling between the languages of questions and revisiting and revising their answers, if required," the ministry said.
The ministry said there will be no interviews in the RRB examinations and a system of uploading answer keys has been introduced to enhance transparency and fairness.
"In computer-based Tests (CBTs), candidates are shown their question paper, answer booklets along-with correct answer keys. They are also given an opportunity to raise an objection regarding the correctness of question and answer keys, if any," the ministry added.
© Carlos Barria / Reuters
New Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) said Tuesday that President-elect Donald Trump is "being really dumb" by taking on the intelligence community and its assessments on Russia's cyber activities.
"Let me tell you, you take on the intelligence community, they have six ways from Sunday at getting back at you," Schumer told MSNBC's Rachel Maddow.
"So even for a practical, supposedly hard-nosed businessman, he's being really dumb to do this."
... the CIA has gone out of its way to sandbag Flynn at the National Security Council. As Politico reports: "On Friday, one of Flynn's closest deputies on the NSC, senior director for Africa Robin Townley, was informed that the Central Intelligence Agency had rejected his request for an elite security clearance required for service on the NSC, according to two people with direct knowledge of the situation." Townley held precisely the same security clearance at the Department of Defense for seventeen years, yet he was blackballed without explanation. At DoD, Townley had a stellar reputation as a Middle East and Africa expert, and the denial of his clearance is hard to explain except as bureaucratic backstabbing.
... Gen. Flynn is the hardest of hardliners with respect to Russia within the Trump camp. In his 2016 book Field of Fight (co-authored with PJ Media's Michael Ledeen), Flynn warned of "an international alliance of evil movements and countries that is working to destroy us[.] ... The war is on. We face a working coalition that extends from North Korea and China to Russia, Iran, Syria, Syria, Cuba, Bolivia, Venezuela and Nicaragua." The unsubstantiated allegation that he presides over a "leaky" National Security Council tilting towards Russia makes no sense. The only leaks of which we know are politically motivated reports coming from the intelligence community designed to disrupt the normal workings of a democratic government - something that raises grave constitutional issues.
Flynn is the one senior U.S. intelligence officer with the guts to blow the whistle on a series of catastrophic intelligence and operational failures. The available facts point to the conclusion that elements of the humiliated (and perhaps soon-to-be-unemployed) intelligence community is trying to exact vengeance against a principled and patriotic officer[.] ... The present affair stinks like a dumpster full of dead rats.
Senior officials speak to their counterparts in other countries all the time, and for obvious reasons do not want these conversations to become public. The intelligence community, though, was taping Flynn's discussions, and the transcripts (of whose existence we are told but whose contents we have not seen) were used to embarrass him.
An agency widely believed to have brought down democratically elected governments overseas is now practicing the same dark arts in domestic American politics. Almost certainly, its new head, Mike Pompeo, was not consulted.- the permanent bureaucracy that has contempt for the will of the voters and feels entitled to run the government for its own benefit:Or, as the old rueful saying has it, "you've got to go along to get along." This means that we the people had better acknowledge that the bureaucrats have turned into our masters, and the old expression "public servant" is as ironic as anything Orwell came up with. Schumer knows this and likes it, because the deep state wants a bigger, more powerful government, just as he does.On Morning Joe's first hour today, the host, a former congressman (i.e., a lawmaker) himself, called the leakers "heroes."This interference in domestic politics by the CIA should be regarded as a major threat to our democracy, but of course our Trump-hating domestic media are reveling in a major point scored against the new president.David P. Goldman (aka Spengler), writing on PJ Media , explains the level of hatred the CIA has for Flynn for daring to take on its spectacular failures:Note that the suspicions eagerly being raised by the media center on Trump being a pawn of Putin and Flynn secretly pledging fealty or some such absurd subordination. In other words, suspicions of treasonous behavior by the new president are being cultivated in the general public. We can expect the media to fan these flames at every opportunity.Spengler also explains why the Logan Act references are insulting:This last point is critical. The entire "scandal" is based on innuendo. Flynn tripped over his own feet by misinforming Vice President Pence on the nature of his call and allowing the veep to issue a too sweeping denial of any discussion. If Flynn had said in his conversation with the Russian ambassador that we will discuss the sanctions after Trump takes office, he might well have told Pence that they did not discuss the sanctions.Perhaps the congressional investigations to come will gain access. But Flynn is now gone, and media memes have been firmly planted in the public mind.The Flynn Affair is a huge scandal, all right. But the media are misdirecting our attention toward the lesser dimension while they studiously ignore the real threat to our democracy.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As Andrew Parr clutched his baby boy's lifeless body, his thoughts turned to his own mortality.
Hours earlier, he and fiancee Steph Wilcock had been left devastated after doctors broke the news that little Andrew Junior had no heartbeat.
The tot's stillbirth made Andrew, who weighed 26st after years of eating junk food, think of the five children he had left.
He was only 30 and had recently been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes, the disease which had killed his own dad Craig at 33.
(Image: Matthew Pover)
(Image: Matthew Pover)
As he said tearful goodbyes to his lost son he vowed to get fit so he could enjoy every second with the rest of his brood.
And he kept his promise by shedding half his weight – slimming down to 13st by eating healthily and exercising.
Carer Andrew, now 32, said: “Losing Andrew was one of the worst things we've ever experienced. It made me realise how fragile life is and reminded me of losing my dad when I was just nine.
(Image: Matthew Pover)
“He was a big man too but I tried to convince myself things were different for me.
“But when we lost Andrew, I thought about my other kids. I already couldn't run after them in the park or play football with them and I was too ashamed of my body to take them swimming. What if I wasn't around to see them grow up?”
So Andrew quit wolfing down fry-ups, cheeseburgers, Chinese takeaways, kebabs, pizzas, chocs and crisps.
In their place he substituted protein shakes, fruit, tuna sandwiches, steak, chicken and brown rice. After several weeks of dieting he braved going to a gym. He said: “I wore a huge jumper to hide my rolls of fat as I ran but nobody laughed or stared.
(Image: Matthew Pover)
“The weight began falling off and I went to the gym more and more.”
Not long after the heartache of Andrew Jnr in June 2015, the couple were amazed to find Steph was pregnant again. And when Andrew was halfway to his 13st target he and Steph welcomed sixth child Alfie into the world.
Alfie – a “rainbow baby”, one born after a miscarriage or stillbirth – is now a year old. Steph, 29, who has also shed nearly 2st and gone from a size 18 to a 14, couldn't be happier with svelte-looking Andrew.
She laughed as she told how friends often failed to recognise him and one even said she didn't realise the couple had split up – assuming Andrew was a different fella.
She added: “His weight loss has been great for the whole family and sets a brilliant example to the kids.” Andrew, from Bacup, Lancs, had ­always been overweight. He met Steph when he was 21 and caring for a neighbour.
Within four months the pair were expec­ting son Cobyn, now ten. They went on to have Charlie, nine, Poppy, eight, Lilly, six, and Princess, four.
But their world came crashing down when, 37 weeks into Steph's pregnancy with Andrew Jnr, medics could not detect a heartbeat.
Steph was forced to endure an agonising labour before their boy was born asleep.
Andrew said: “He looked so peaceful when he was born. We couldn't believe we would never be taking him home.”
Andrew is now saving for a £6,500 tummy tuck to remove excess skin. He said: “I'm determined not to put the weight back on.
“Now I've got a much better chance of seeing our kids grow up – and that is the most precious thing of all.”
Bareggio, May 31 - League leader Matteo Salvini skipped the first of a series of rallies he was scheduled to attend in Lombardy on Thursday to take part in government-formation talks in Rome, MP Fabrizio Cecchetti said. "(Salvini) will not take part in this initiative this morning," said Cecchetti. "He apologises but he has been called to Rome".
HIGHLIGHTS Schock and Lubitz pitch Red Devils to victory over Division
Paul gets two RBIs and Sauer goes 3-for-3 in win
This Plainedge baseball team certainly enjoys the challenge of an undefeated opponent.
The Red Devils strolled onto the Levittown Division baseball field well aware of the Blue Dragons' unblemished early season mark. But behind the combination of a strong first inning and quality pitching performances by Matt Schock and Justin Lubitz, Plainedge headed back home with a 5-1 Nassau A-III victory.
“You know what you're getting from Division,” Plainedge coach Colin Fratrik said. “You're getting a really good team that knows how to play the game the right way.”
Plainedge (5-2) also ended Wantagh's early undefeated campaign with a 10-2 win on April 13. The Warriors (4-1) are the defending state champions.
Plainedge catcher Robert Paul opened the scoring in the first inning with an RBI single up the middle off Brandon O'Brien to give the Red Devils a 1-0 lead.
“I was just trying to find a fastball,” Paul said. “That's always the approach.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
First baseman Nick DeMicco followed with a walk and outfielder Joe Cottone extended the advantage to 3-0 with a line single to left.
Third baseman Bobby Hefferon's single past first base gave Plainedge a commanding four-run lead.
Schock, who struck out four and allowed four hits over five innings, was overjoyed with the early run support.
“That was great,” he said. “I love when the bats get nice and hot early on.”
Division (6-1) responded with a run in the bottom of the first to cut the deficit to 4-1. In the ensuing inning Schock worked out of a crucial bases-loaded jam to keep the Blue Dragons at bay. With one out, DeMicco snagged a liner off the bat of O'Brien and stepped on first to end the Division rally.
“My fastball was really working,” Schock said. “I felt that I was hitting a lot of spots in and outside of the zone.”
Centerfielder Lucas Sauer was another sparkplug for Plainedge. He went 3-for-3 with a run and a walk.
“O'Brien's a good pitcher,” he said. “It was important to get to him early on.”
Paul provided some insurance in the seventh with an RBI single to the right side that made it 5-1. He finished 2-for-4 with two RBIs and a run scored.
Lubitz entered in relief and struck out two over two scoreless innings to end Division's six-game winning streak.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“It feels good to beat an undefeated team,” Sauer said. “We did it last week, we did it here again. We feel we can beat anybody, anywhere. We have all the confidence in the world in everybody on this team.”
Columbus Day is on Monday, October 9, and if you can't make it downtown to watch the annual parade, you can catch it right here on ABC 7. Honorary Parade Chairman Sergio Giangrande stopped by to tell us what's new with the parade this year.ABC 7 Chicago will feature the live broadcast of the Columbus Day Parade from 1:00 - 2:30 p.m on channel 7.2. The parade will also air Monday, October 9, and Sunday, October 15, at 2:00 pm on ABC 7.ABC 7's Alan Krashesky and Janet Davies will host the parade along ABC 7's Terrell Brown and Anthony Rago.Riding atop the ABC 7 Columbus Day Parade float will be Kathy Brock, Judy Hsu, Jason Knowles and Diane Pathieu.
(UPDATED) Agrarian Reform Secretary Rafael Mariano says his department will ensure farmer-beneficiaries can peacefully take over the lands awarded to them at San Isidro Farm
MANILA, Philippines (UPDATED) – Department of Agrarian Reform (DAR) Secretary Rafael Mariano ordered the "peaceful installation" of farmers at a Davao del Norte plantation that was earlier the subject of a cease and desist order (CDO).
In a memorandum dated April 11, Mariano directed Davao Regional Director Joseph Orilla and Davao del Norte Provincial Agrarian Reform Program Officer Jocelyn Sena to conduct a pre-installation conference for the members of the Madaum Agrarian Reform Beneficiaries Association Incorporated (MARBAI) in San Isidro Farm.
In agrarian reform terms, installation means the farmers should physically take over the lands which were awarded to them.
All 159 agrarian reform beneficiaries who are part of MARBAI own a 0.79-hectare portion of the 145-hectare plantation. They received their Certificate of Land Ownership Award (CLOA) back in 1996 under the Comprehensive Agrarian Reform Program (CARP).
In 2011, however, the farmers were evicted by Lapanday Foods Corporation (LFC), the owner of the rest of San Isidro Farm. Some of them resorted to other means of livelihood, such as selling delicacies.
The farmers then tried to reclaim the land in 2016. MARBAI president Mely Yu reported then that they were being harassed by LFC.
Amid the harassment allegations, Mariano issued the CDO against LFC in December 2016.
"If not restraint, such defiance will surely impede and frustrate the mandate of the DAR to protect the rights and welfare of agrarian reform beneficiaries (ARBs) to own directly or collectively the lands they till or to receive their just share in the case of farmworkers," the DAR chief said in his April 11 memorandum.
"In cases where the taking of possession of the awarded lands by the ARBs would endanger or imperil their lives, as in the present situation, the DAR shall assume the responsibility for their installation to the awarded property by way of a writ of installation, pursuant to Section 109 of Administrative Order (AO) 07-11," he added.
LFC exports bananas and pineapples from Davao del Norte. It is partly owned by former agriculture secretary Cito Lorenzo, who was linked to the P728-million fertilizer fund scam. The charges against Lorenzo and other officials were junked due to lack of evidence. – Rappler.com
Thousands of humans may still be walking the Earth with Neanderthal DNA — and not only that, but traces of the ancient stuff may be influencing skin tone, hair color, and even sleeping patterns in present-day Europeans, a study released Thursday from the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology found.
Using the genetic information of over 100,000 people in the U.K. Biobank, scientists discovered that Neanderthal genes, which make up 1 to 3 percent of the genetic code of people with European descent, may still have a small effect on some physical traits. No trait can be isolated to a particular gene; multiple genetic factors affect skin tone, for example, and Neanderthal genetic material only plays one part in determining the tone. But breakthroughs in researching Neanderthal DNA may help scientists understand how some genetic traits function.
Most interestingly, Neanderthal DNA has been linked to traits associated with light exposure like circadian rhythms, meaning the ancient genes may affect how people sleep in current times. Neanderthals had greater exposure to UVB rays while living on Eurasia for 100,000 years before they mated with Homo sapiens, so they had "more time to get used to a wider range of daylight," NPR explains.
Scientists believe that people indigenous to Africa do not have Neanderthal DNA in their genetic code because their ancestors never migrated to Eurasia. The study is limited because the sample size did not extend beyond the U.K. Biobank, but researchers hope to gain access to other biobanks and databases in the future. Read more about the study at NPR. Elianna Spitzer
Rome, December 11 - President Sergio Mattarella expressed thanks to the Civil Protection Department on Monday as he awarded it Italy's gold medal for civic valour in relation to its efforts for a recent string of devastating earthquakes in central Italy. "The country is grateful. Thank you for what you do," the head of State said. The series of quakes started with one in August 2016 that claimed around 300 lives. "The Civil Protection Department is a point of linkage and complex fusion that covers al the administrations of the State," Mattarella said. He said it dealt both with prevention and intervention. This work required, he said, "committed, serious, scientific and constant work, for which dedication and capacity is needed. "Thank you for what you do".
The 2018 Ladbrokes Challenge Cup semi-finals will be played as a double header at Macron Stadium, Bolton on Sunday August 5.
For the first time in Challenge Cup history the semi-finals will be played at one venue on the same day with both games broadcast live on the BBC.
Macron Stadium, which has a capacity of just under 30,000 is no stranger to rugby league with three World Club Challenge games and three international Test matches being played there between 1998-2007.
Rugby Football League interim Chief Executive, Ralph Rimmer, said: “The Ladbrokes Challenge Cup is one of the most prestigious competitions in sport and the introduction of a semi-finals double header is a fantastic opportunity to showcase two of the biggest games of the year at one event. Fans rarely get the chance to watch two games on one day that have so much riding on them and I am sure that everyone attending will have a fantastic time.
“The Dacia Magic Weekend, Ladbrokes Challenge Cup Final and the Betfred Super League Grand Final are all huge events in the sporting calendar and we know that they attract fans who do not regularly attend Rugby League games. We believe that this unique event will offer another opportunity for the sport to showcase itself to a wider audience of event goers and casual sports fans. We believe that by creating the double header for the semi-finals that we will elevate the games and create a memorable experience for all those involved.
“Rugby League prides itself on being innovative and trying new concepts meaning we are one of the very few sports who can put together an event with four semi-finalists at one venue, creating what we hope will be a fantastic occasion. Our thanks as ever go to our broadcast partner for the semi-finals, BBC Sport, who have worked to give us five hours of Rugby League coverage on their channels in one afternoon.”
Philip Bernie, Head of TV Sport, BBC said: “BBC Sport and the Rugby Football League have been working for some time on this innovative idea and we are delighted the semi-finals of the most famous cup competition in Rugby League will be showcased in this way. It will be a five hour feast of Rugby League on Sunday August 5th , with that huge prize at stake - a Wembley final.”
The first semi-final will kick off at 12.30pm with the second game kicking off at 2.45pm.
Tickets for the double header start at £25 for adults and £12.50 for Juniors.
All four semi-finalist clubs will go on sale on Wednesday, June 6 at 10am with club season ticket holders / members entitled to a £4 discount in all categories but these tickets must be purchased directly from the participating clubs.
With a couple of great games to hand, you can have hours of fun with a PlayStation 4 console right out of the box. But, add a few accessories into the mix and you can really enhance your gaming experience, taking it to whole new levels of fun and immersion.
When we say a few accessories, though, we don't just mean any old things. A quality console demands quality add-ons so we've highlighted the best of the best, the ones that will genuinely augment your gaming experience.
Whether you're looking for a VR headset, some great wireless headphones, a handy subscription or a spacious external hard drive we've got something here for you.
See also: Best Xbox One accessories
Logitech Driving Force G29
Looks, feels and smells like the real deal
Features: (Wheel) Gear shift lever, 24-position adjustment dial, Force feedback, Soft rubber grip, Status LED, 900-degree wheel rotation (Pedals) Auto-calibration, carpet grip system
Comfortable leather upholstery
Smooth pedal operation
Table clamp on the short side
Bright colors on buttons
If you're planning to rip up the roads in Driveclub and Project Cars or take to the track in Gran Turismo, we suggest you get your hands on a good steering wheel to make the most of the experience.
Superseding the Logitech G27, the G29 is the latest in Logitech's line of steering wheels and it's one of the best PS4-compatible wheels you'll find. Here you'll find excellent force-feedback mechanics, a solid pedal board and a realistic leather wheel cover for a very reasonable price.
Compatible with the PS4 and PC, this is a high-quality wheel that offers high-end extras at no additional cost. The only thing we'd like to see different is that a clamp on the underside capable of extending lower – it's a bit of pain for those with thick desks.
Turtle Beach EarForce PX24
Affordable cans for your PS4
Features: Amplifier which clips between the headset and the PS4 controller, boostable bass, Superhuman Hearing mode for first-person shooters and virtual surround-sound effects.
Superb sound
Impressively configurable
Light and comfortable
Cheap finish
Being on a budget doesn't mean you can't get a great gaming headset. Take Turtle Beach's EarForce PX24 as a perfect example of a little money going a long way. Yes, this headset is more plasticky than its more expensive rivals but it looks and feels robust and it's very comfortable to wear.
Besides, it's sound and configurability that really matter in a gaming headset and here the Ear Force PX24 is way better than it has any right to be for its price. You won't find the same bass extension as more premium headsets and the treble is somewhat dry but it still sounds very good and with an amplifier that clips between the headset and the PS4 controller you can boost the bass, engage Superhuman Hearing mode for first-person shooters and experiment with a virtual surround-sound effect.
Nice features like this as well as decent sound is unusual in such an affordable headset so these are a great find.
PS Plus subscription
Great for bargain hunters and the hardcore crowd alike
Price (annual): USD: $60 / GBP: £50 / AUD: $70
Got a PlayStation 4? Great. Your next step should certainly be to consider PlayStation Plus subscription. Having Sony's membership plan, which is sold in one-month, three-month, and annual options, is the only way you can play PS4 games online and access cloud storage for saves, but there's a potentially even bigger perk: free games every single month.
That's right, at the start of every month Sony drops a handful of free downloadable games across the PS4, PlayStation Vita, and PS3, and they're yours to keep and play to your heart's content so long as your Plus membership is active. With two or three PS4 games free each month, as well as additional discounts during sales and other promotions, the membership rapidly pays for itself. Make sure you keep an eye on our best PlayStation Plus deals page.
PlayStation Platinum Wireless Headset
Clean-sounding headphones that will definitely up your game
Incredible audio performance
Ultra-plushy earpads
Great value
Obtrusive design
There's plenty nice to say about Sony's new pair of Platinum Wireless Headphones. They have exceptional – and balanced – audio performance and the mic sounds “above average” according to the people we spoke to. There's also 3D Audio support that creates 100 virtual speakers, though honestly the headset doesn't have the same panache in this area that you'd find on the competition's pair of cans.
All said however, it's hard to find a better value headset that's this easy to use and sounds this good overall. Those qualities definitely exist at a higher price, but if you're looking for something you can set up without a fuss, you're going to want a pair of these.
Read the full review: PlayStation Platinum Wireless Headset
PlayStation VR
PlayStation VR is the promised land for virtual reality on consoles
Affordable
Near PC-quality performance
Good selection of games
Spotty motion controller tracking
Sony's PlayStation VR has been on the market for a year now and it's one of the best high-end virtual reality experiences around, not least because it's the only one that plays nice with a home console.
The headset is comfortable and immersive and it's greatly helped by an increasingly impressive library of games. These are our picks of the best games on PSVR.
Read the full review: PlayStation VR
PlayStation Camera
A great way to futureproof your PS4, and have more fun with it
Price: USD: $45 / GBP: £39 / AUD: $89
Buy: Amazon UK | Zavvi | Very| Mighty Ape
Unlike the Kinect on Xbox One, Sony's PlayStation Camera was never a big focus of the PS4 platform. Now that PlayStation VR is out, however, it's well worth buying as it's used to track your movements and translate those into gameplay.
There are other uses for the Camera, as well. You can use it while streaming live games on Twitch, for example. It's important that your fans see your face.
PlayStation Vita
Play PS4 on the go using a PlayStation Vita
Incredible gaming
Solid construction
Brilliant screen
Proprietary-tastic
So, the PlayStation Vita is actually an entirely separate handheld console but it works well as a sharp companion to the PS4, thanks to a killer, relatively little-known feature called Remote Play.
Essentially, Remote Play lets you play all your favorite PS4 games on the go by streaming them over an Internet connection to the Vita. That means you can dominate in Street Fighter V while snuggled up in bed, or play Uncharted 4: A Thief's End during downtime on a business trip half the country away from your console. As long as you have a strong connection, the Vita lets you take your PS4 games pretty much anywhere.
It's worth noting, though, that support for the PS Vita is rapidly declining and though you can still get some good PS Plus games for it, you'll find there are very few new releases.
Read the full review: PlayStation Vita
Samsung M9T 2TB hard drive
Recommended for anyone who plays lots of different games
Tons of extra space
Super affordable
Easy to setup
Requires some computer skills
As we all quickly discovered, 500GB just isn't enough space for active players this console generation, especially with all those necessarily game installations. If you're constantly deleting and reinstalling games to manage space, it's time to consider popping in a new hard drive, and Samsung's M9T 2TB drive is your best bet.
If you've never opened up a console (or computer) in your life, worry not: installing a hard drive on the PS4 is relatively easy, as our how-to guide shows, and it won't void your warranty at all. You'll need a 2.5-inch drive, and for the money, Samsung's drive fits the bill and quadruples your available space if you started with 500GB. It's a crucial upgrade.
Seagate 4TB External Hard Drive
Seagate 4TB External Hard Drive
Plug and play
Allows for a lot more games
Easy to use
Portable
Need to take care not to break it
Do you need more hard drive space for all the games you want to play but aren't overly keen on digging into your console's internals? Then you should definitely consider an external hard drive.
External hard drive support was introduced in February 2017 and it was something of a revelation for those who were unwilling to consider an internal hard drive change.
There are some great models out there but Seagate tend to make the biggest and the best of the bunch. This 4TB beast will hold around 100 games and since it's made just for the PlayStation 4 you know it's going to work well.
PowerA DualShock 4 Dual Charger
A headache-blasting accessory, a real frustration-reliever
Price: USD: $25 / GBP: £15 / AUD: $40
There's nothing worse than settling down for a long, lazy gaming session only to discover that your controller is dead. Now you're hunting for a charging cable and moving to make sure you're close enough to the TV – it's sure to infuriate you more than any trash-talking 12-year-old Call of Duty guru can. But there's an easy solution.
PowerA's DualShock 4 Dual Charger is a dock designed to keep two PS4 gamepads fully charged. Simply pop your DualShock 4 into the slot when you finish playing and it'll top off while you're not playing, ensuring the controller ready to go the next time around. Also, you're less likely to lose a controller if you keep 'em docked.
Mad Catz Street Fighter V Arcade FightStick TE2+
Recommended for top-quality construction and fan-pleasing style
Price: USD: $230 / GBP: £230 / AUD: $470
If you plan to play Street Fighter V more than casually, an arcade stick is essential—and if you're willing to spend big, Mad Catz's Street Fighter V Arcade FightStick TE2+ feels like it was ripped right off of an arcade cabinet. It's a hearty, heavy peripheral with smooth, precise Sanwa Denshi parts, letting you pull off expert moves with ease via a reliable wired connection.
It's easy to mod too, in case you want to switch things up, plus you can even get a shoulder strap for hauling it around to tournaments. While obviously designed for Street Fighter V, it's also an ideal match for Mortal Kombat X, BlazBlue: Chrono Phantasma Extend, and any other game built around punches, kicks and fireballs.
Thrustmaster T300 RS steering wheel
Perfect for racing game fans who want an authentic experience
Price: USD: $360 / GBP: £250 / AUD: $495
Buy: Amazon UK | eBuyer| Mwave
Like an arcade stick, a racing wheel with pedals isn't necessary for everyone – but if it's for you, we bet you're not going to settle for second best. Luckily, the ThrustMaster T300RS seems like it's worth every penny for driving die-hards.
Impressive precision is essential of course, but the T300RS makes an even stronger impact thanks to its force feedback, which ensures you feel every bump, pothole, and scuffed bumper along the way. Refined design and metal floor pedals ensure that it'll stand up over the long haul, and it's compatible with both the PS4 and PS3, letting you give last-gen gems fresh life with this killer wheel.
PASCAGOULA, Miss. -- After an inmate's trial ended on Friday, he somehow escaped, and managed to hide under a stairwell until staff left at the end of the day, according to Sheriff Mike Ezell.
An internal investigation has now been launched targeting inmate transportation procedures and policies for corrective action, Ezell said.
On Friday, Dec. 8, Eddie Lavell Wilson was caught after a call to Pascagoula police stated that a "suspicious man" was wandering around in a jail uniform and shackles near Market and Convent streets.
Wilson was arrested on an escape charge. He was in court Friday morning prior to his escape on a charge of domestic violence, aggravated assault.
According to deputies, Wilson was able to conceal himself under a stairwell in the courts building during the transportation process.
Sheriff's department deputies transports about 200 inmates a week to and from Jackson County courts.
"The safety of all persons in the court system is a priority of the sheriff's department," Ezell said.
With the Linux 4.10 merge window comfortably over now, Daniel Vetter has sent in the first pull requests to DRM-Next of new material slated for Linux 4.11 Called upon for pulling into DRM-Next as material that's already been tested and cleared at Intel QA for the next kernel are DisplayPort link rate fixes, more atomic code updates, Gen9 Skylake watermark fixes, introduce GEM_WARN_ON, overlay fixes, refactoring of various pieces of code, bug fixes, and other low-level changes.Likely the two most noticeable user-facing changes is the inclusion of the initial Geminilake code. Geminilake hardware won't be shipping until later in 2017 so still hitting Linux 4.11 should give it enough time to be present in the Linux ecosystem before the hardware is officially launched. This pull request also has more work in the area of DisplayPort Multi-Stream Transport (DP MST) and the enabling of DP MST audio support.A complete list of all these Intel Direct Rendering Manager driver changes can be found via this -next pull request
CLAY COUNTY, Ind. (WTHI) - Don't forget to think about your pets during this heat.
Scroll for more content...
The Clay County Humane Society needs your help to take care of all of the animals they have.
They are looking for small baby pools, tarps, hoses, and more.
Organizers say keeping them cool is the biggest struggle they face.
"We are a non-for-profit, so we have very limited funding, and we need 20 or 30 of an item even if it is relatively inexpensive, it does add up. So we reach out to the public and ask for help there," Michelle Cannava, from the Clay County Humane Society said.
Another way you can help? Buy ice cream.
The Humane Society has a booth set-up at Military Park until Wednesday.
All proceeds will go to the Clay County Humane Society.
Northern Spy is a variety of apples and the namesake of a road in the Apple Valley development off Gravel Pond Road in South Abington Twp. According to long-time resident Dale Lindholm, the area was once an apple orchard and chicken farm.
S. ABINGTON TWP. — Abington Heights High School (AHHS) student Arjun Iyengar often walks to school from his family's home in the nearby Apple Valley subdivision off of Gravel Pond Road. In the warmer seasons, he enjoys riding his bike in that same area. But the high school junior told township officials at the regular supervisors meeting Feb. 13 he feels it is becoming increasingly dangerous to do so.
“A few times I've crashed my bike on the road,” he said. “As I'm walking to school, there are a lot of cracks and potholes that I have to avoid and sometimes I'm forced onto people's lawns, because cars have to swerve to avoid them and they get close to where I'm walking.”
Arjun was one of several residents of the development to address the board at Monday night's meeting, after the group delivered a petition, calling for road repair in the development, specifically the paving of Northern Spy Road.
According to resident Dale Lindholm, owners of all 25 homes on that road signed the petition, excluding one house, which is currently up for sale.
“My vantage began in 1978, 39 years ago before Northern Spy Road was constituted, as our home was being built,” Lindholm said. “Move ahead to 29 years ago, the road was deeply trenched to embed the main sewer lines, which you remember about, and repair followed that.
“Since then, it's only had patchwork – 29 years of it,” he added. “The surface has progressively deteriorated, worsening the breakup of the thin asphalt base. Potholes, fissures, widening and deepening ruts, depressions left by utility companies that didn't finish after their cuts. It's rough riding, even in my Avalon.”
Lindholm cited four negative effects of the road's condition: a decrease of property values, safety issues, road weeds and bad water drainage. He said not only does the condition of the road mean more repairs for residents' vehicles, it has also caused multiple people to fall and/or twist their ankles, including residents walking their dogs and AHHS cross-country team members out running.
Officials respond
But according to the supervisors and township manager David O'Neill, the Apple Valley development is far from being the only area in need of work out of the 37 miles of roadway owned by the township. Another is the Meadow Creek community which, according to residents who visited the March 2016 supervisors meeting, hasn't been paved in more than 26 years. Until recently, another on that list was Gravel Pond Road, for which the township acquired a large loan to rebuild – a loan that will cut into the roadwork portion of the budget for the next few years.
The problem, everyone agreed, is funding – there simply isn't enough to go around.
The municipality has about $500,000 budgeted for roadwork in 2017.
“As yourselves, Meadow Creek development residents came here three straight years, and there were no promises made, but there may be a section of that that will be done this year with part of the half-million dollars,” O'Neill told the Apple Valley residents. “There's then 36.7 miles of roadway left to put $250,000.”
He explained the process. “In March and April, we go out and we look at all 37 miles of roadway, as recommended by the residents, we do a study of what work each road may have necessary to be done.”
The supervisors thanked the residents for voicing their concerns, and promised to add Northern Spy to the list for consideration, but made no promises of action for this year.
In other business:
• Township resident Walter Kierzkowski addressed the board with a concern regarding signs recently placed on a property in the area of the Abington Executive Park, notifying residents in advance of a zoning hearing held on Feb. 1. The hearing was in regard to a variance requested by a developer in order to build townhouses on the land in question.
O'Neill said the hearing was advertised in advance in local newspapers, as is legally required, and residents who live within 100 feet of the property were also notified by letter. Kierzkowski said, although he does not reside within that radius, he feels his property is close enough to be affected and he regrets missing the hearing. He complained the signs are too small and placed too far off the roadway to be seen.
The supervisors apologized and agreed to consider how such signs may be made more visible in such circumstances in the future.
• The board voted unanimously to hire two new part-time police officers.
• Another unanimous vote was taken to set aside $1,500 for the Chinchilla Hose Company Scholarship Fund.
• Three resolutions were passed: Resolution 17-01, the appointment of an auditor for 2016; Resolution 17-02, an increase in the tax collector compensation, and Resolution 17-03, for retiree health plan reimbursement.
• The supervisors approved the budgeted purchase and outfitting of a Ford F550 maintenance vehicle.
The next regular meeting is scheduled for 7 p.m. Monday, March 13 at the municipal office building, 104 Shady Lane Road.
What residents of Northern Spy Road described as ‘deteriorating' asphalt was a lengthy topic of discussion at the Monday, Feb. 13 South Abington Township supervisors meeting. http://theabingtonjournal.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_ABJ-S-Ab-1.jpg What residents of Northern Spy Road described as ‘deteriorating' asphalt was a lengthy topic of discussion at the Monday, Feb. 13 South Abington Township supervisors meeting. Elizabeth Baumeister | Abington Journal Residents of Northern Spy Road, off Gravel Pond Road in South Abington Twp., delivered a petition to the township board of supervisors at its regular meeting Feb. 13, calling for repair of the road, which they say hasn't been paved in almost 30 years. http://theabingtonjournal.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_ABJ-S-Ab-2.jpg Residents of Northern Spy Road, off Gravel Pond Road in South Abington Twp., delivered a petition to the township board of supervisors at its regular meeting Feb. 13, calling for repair of the road, which they say hasn't been paved in almost 30 years. Elizabeth Baumeister | Abington Journal
By Elizabeth Baumeister ebaumeister@timesleader.com
WHAT'S IN A NAME? Northern Spy is a variety of apples and the namesake of a road in the Apple Valley development off Gravel Pond Road in South Abington Twp. According to long-time resident Dale Lindholm, the area was once an apple orchard and chicken farm.
Reach Elizabeth Baumeister at 570-704-3943 or on Twitter @AbingtonJournal.
VideoID: j-A_y42ZN4k VideoType: YOUTUBE URL: https://youtu.be/j-A_y42ZN4k Video Embed String: Video Caption: A drive on Northern Spy Road, South Abington Township, Tuesday morning, Feb. 14, 2017. Video Credit: Elizabeth Baumeister | Abington Journal Video Position: (use the “for files…” link above to associate attached files with this source)
Reach Elizabeth Baumeister at 570-704-3943 or on Twitter @AbingtonJournal.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mo Salah has been crowned the BBC African Footballer of the Year.
The Liverpool forward has won the gong after a successful year for both club and country.
Salah began the year by reaching the final of the Africa Cup of Nations with Egypt and later helped steer his country to their first World Cup finals since 1990.
He scored five of their seven final qualifying stage goals to send them to Russia.
Such was his impact, fans nicknamed the national team 'Salah's Egypt'.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Liverpool FC)
His form continued domestically, as his prolific record in front of goal for Roma earned him a £37million move to Liverpool.
Since switching to Anfield, Salah, 25, has scored 20 goals in all competitions, putting him on course to break the club's seasonal scoring record.
Thirteen of his strikes have come in the Premier League, with the most recent being in the Merseyside derby draw with Everton at the weekend.
"I would like to win this award also next year," Salah told BBC Sport after receiving his award.
"I have always followed my way, and I want everyone in Egypt to follow my way.
(Image: Ulrik Pedersen/Icon Sport)
(Image: AFP)
"Since I left Egypt, in my mind, I want to be the best Egyptian ever. I work hard and try to be different from them."
Salah beat off competition from team-mate Sadio Mane, Leipzig's future Liverpool midfielder Naby Keita, Borussia Dortmund's Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Chelsea's Victor Moses to win the award.
He is the first Egyptian to claim success since the legendary Mohamed Aboutrika in 2008 and first Liverpool player since El Hadji Diouf in 2002.
The winner was announced on Monday evening, following a public vote on the BBC's website.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Other former winners of the award include Yaya Toure (2013 and 2015), Riyad Mahrez (2016) and Didier Drogba (2009).
The award was formerly the BBC's African Sportsperson of the Year, meaning athletes Haile Gbreselassie and Frankie Fredericks also have their name on the trophy.
It changed to just football in 2001.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cheshire East Council is appealing to groups and individuals to get involved in the production of two events to commemorate the end of the First World War.
Called ‘When the Light Goes Out', the events are being held to mark the 100th anniversary of the Armistice and will draw the council's four-year Cheshire East Reflects programme to a close.
The first event will be held in Crewe town centre on Saturday 10 November and will focus on the survivors of the war. It will include a parade inspired by Crewe's 1918 Tank Week, a street concert featuring bands from across Cheshire East and the premiere performance of a newly-commissioned choral piece.
The second, based on the theme of ‘the fallen', will take place on Sunday 11 November, at Tatton Park, Knutsford, and feature building projection artwork – created and inspired by community-sourced stories and artefacts from the war – a promenade performance and the extinguishing of the commemorative flame.
The council is hoping that individuals, groups, societies and schools from across Cheshire East will get involved in putting the events together – whether that's making and sourcing props and costumes, volunteering as an event steward, performing, or sharing stories and memories from the Great War.
Councillor Don Stockton, Cheshire East Council cabinet member with responsibility for arts and culture, said: “Since Cheshire East Reflects launched in 2014, it's been wonderful to see so many people of all ages getting involved with the programme, either by participating in activities, attending events or through school workshops.
“For the final two events, we're hoping to involve even more people from across Cheshire East as we commemorate the First World War through memories, performance and sound.
“If you're unable to take part yourself but know someone whose skills and talents could help us to make these events a fitting tribute to Cheshire's soldiers, then please pass on details of the opportunities available.”
As part of the 2018 commemorative programme, activities will also be taking place in the grounds of Tatton Park on Sunday 26 August.
The day's events will include the Cheshire East Reflects family concert, featuring the Stafford Military Wives' Choir, Cheshire's own Foden's Band and Sacred Sounds, which tells the story of British India's involvement in the First World War. Visitors are invited to take along a picnic to the concert.
‘A Soldier's Story: Tatton Park Remembers' will also take place and feature a range of hands-on activities programmed to help visitors uncover the past by tracing a local soldier and their individual wartime story. This event has been programmed by Tatton Park and funded by the Heritage Lottery Fund.
For more details about Cheshire East Reflects and how you can get involved, visit: www.cheshireeastreflects.com
METICULOUS attention to detail and the finest level of craftsmanship have gone into this modern, custom-built family beach home.
Positioned within a leisurely two-minute stroll to the sandy shores of Sunrise Beach and trendy local café for a morning coffee, the home takes full advantage of its elevated position and boasts panoramic ocean and hinterland views.
The masterfully designed floorplan expands over three levels and enjoys a perfect aspect capturing cooling ocean breezes and ample natural light. Whether you're looking for a permanent family home or extravagant holiday retreat this property can accommodate it all.
Walking into the home you are greeted by a grand granite stone entry with stunning feature lighting, setting the standard for what follows throughout the rest of the home.
On this lower level you will find the fully self-contained studio featuring its own bathroom and kitchen, perfect as a teenagers retreat, for guests or even a secondary source of income.
Two additional bedrooms are also on this level and lead out to an undercover balcony via glass sliding doors, these bedrooms are serviced by a full bathroom.
Continuing into the property and up the extravagant staircase to the first floor of the home where the expansive outdoor entertaining areas make the home an entertainers dream.
The luxurious and well-designed kitchen features, Caesar stone benches, premium appliances and large a butler's pantry which leads to the large under-cover balcony equipped with built-in barbecue and fridge. From here you have easy access to the rooftop terrace that enjoys breathtaking 360-degree ocean and hinterland views.
The living and inside dining areas flow from the centralised kitchen and enjoy beautiful hinterland views. Also situated on the upper level of the home is the master suite with ocean views, his and hers walk-in robes and ensuite, an additional bedroom, full bathroom and study area.
Perfectly located and appointed this home sets a new standard for living in Sunrise Beach.
SUNRISE BEACH
18 Orealla Crescent
5 Bed, 4 Bath, 2 Car
Features: Modern, custom-built family beach home with self-contained studio, rooftop terrace with 360-degree ocean and hinterland views. Feature lighting, luxury kitchen, under-cover balcony with built-in barbecue
Price: Offers over $1,650,000
Agent: Dowling Neylan
Contact: Damien Stying 0409 685 211
Inspection: By appointment
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ed Sheeran has paid tribute to superfan Melody Driscoll after the 11-year-old schoolgirl passed away in her parents' arms.
The singer posted 'rest in peace beautiful' alongside a picture of the brave girl who passed away after a long battle with debilitating medical conditions.
Her parents said they were "devastated they'll never see that smile again" after her death King's College Hospital.
Melody fought rare Rett Syndrome, which caused severe physical and mental disability.
Her devoted mum Karina Driscoll and step-dad Nigel told Croydon Advertiser they have been left "broken" by the loss of the young girl's "little spark".
Karina, 35, said: "Her heart kept beating right to the end. She loved life, she was a living angel.
"Even in her worst pain she would smile.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: Croydon Advertiser)
"She was the most amazing and beautiful little girl that there could ever be."
The distraught mum-to-five, of Croydon, south London, added: "My heart is just broken that she has been taken away from me, I would give anything to get her back.
"Everyone that saw her smile fell in love with her.
"To know that we are never going to see that smile again has just broken us.
(Image: Melody in mind)
(Image: Sunday Mirror)
(Image: Collect Unknown)
(Image: Croydon Advertiser)
"I was sat outside [on Tuesday] and a white feather flew down, I thought it was an angel coming to look after her, not take her away. But she was gone that night.
"She started going cold. I thought if I just put my body on her and warmed her up she will come back to us, but it didn't work.
"I can't bear the thought of not seeing her smile again."
Sheeran, whom Melody admired and met earlier this year, paid tribute to the youngster on Instagram today.
Heartbroken Nigel, 47, said: "Melody's heart was the strongest, we said that if her heart stops then that's her way of telling us she had had enough."
"She opened her eyes and looked at us," he said.
"She was trying to talk to us, her mouth was moving.
"She was trying to say goodbye.
"She has changed my life forever. I wish I was half as strong as Melody."
(Image: Croydon Advertiser)
(Image: CroydonAdvertiser/ WS)
(Image: Sunday Mirror)
Melody's family had been in a bitter dispute with King's College Hospital over her treatment.
Her several complex illnesses left her on painkillers but doctors wanted to wean her off these.
Doctors gave the inspirational youngster just a few years to live when she was born.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gloucester's Anglo-Welsh Cup campaign ended with a defeat at Newcastle.
After Bath's win over Ospreys on Friday night, Gloucester's hopes of reaching the semi-finals were already over but Newcastle had it all to play for and it showed as the hosts got the bonus-point win to virtually book their place in the last four.
Gloucester took the lead after eight minutes when Big Ben set up little Ben for a try, Morgan with the powerful run down to blindside that created a two-on-one and giving Vellacott a clear run to the line. Owen Williams converted.
Newcastle levelled in the 15 minute following a five-metre lineout and a series of pick and drives with hooker Kyle Cooper eventually scoring. Toby Flood added the extras before going off with a head injury.
Cooper scored his second from close range to put Newcastle ahead and three minutes later the Newcastle hooker was influential again as he punched through Gloucester's defence before Michael Young offloaded for Mark Wilson to cross the whitewash.
Both tries were converted by Joel Hodgson as Newcastle opened up a 21-7 lead after 30 minutes.
Gloucester were suddenly spurred into life and Gareth Evans pulled a try back three minutes before half-time following a rolling maul with Williams converting.
Newcastle got their bonus-point try two minutes into the second half when Vereneki Goneva linked up with Josh Matavesi on the left before passing inside for Alex Tait to score.
Hodgson added the extras and a penalty in front of the posts to take Newcastle 31-14 ahead.
Gloucester used their bench with 18-year-old Academy players Aaron Hinkley and Tom Seabrook coming on for their senior debuts and they gradually got back into the game.
Newcastle had centred Matevesi yellow carded for blocking Vellacott's quickly taken tap penalty from close range and soon after Matt Scott scored with a superb run through the defence started from Williams' offload just outside the 22.
Gloucester kept searching for a bonus-point try of their own but couldn't find a way through and Newcastle will now go through to have a chance of reaching the Kingsholm final unless Leicester can score 13 tries against Wasps on Sunday.
Newcastle: S Hammersley; A Tait, T Penny, J Matavesi (Z Kibirige 76), V Goneva; T Flood, (J Hodgson 18), M Young (S Takulua 58); S Mavinga (A Brocklebank 58), K Cooper (B Sowrey 63 (K Cooper 79)), S Wilson (T Davison 58); G Young (R Burrows 36), A Davidson (C Chick 63); M Wilson (c), N Latu, A Hogg.
Tries: K Cooper (2), M Wilson, A Tait.
Conversions: T Flood, J Hodgson (3).
Penalty: J Hodgson.
Gloucester: T Hudson; D Halaifonua, (T Seabrook 44), M Scott, M Atkinson (E Creed 69), H Purdy; O Williams, B Vellacott (C Braley 69); C Orr (P McAllister 41), M Matu'u (R Hibbard 60), G Denman (C Knight 52); C Beckett (T Denton 56), J Thrush (c); G Evans, W Safe, B Morgan (A Hinkley 62).
Tries: B Vellacott, G Evans, M Scott.
Conversions: O Williams (2).
Referee: M O'Grady.
Att: 4,096
Star man: Matt Scott.
VIENNA (AP) — Austria's Social Democratic Party has announced that it is severing business relations with an Israeli political consultant after Israeli authorities arrested him on suspicion of money laundering, obstruction of justice, bribery and related crimes.
Tal Silberstein was one of four suspects arrested Monday in Israel following a joint investigation with Swiss and American authorities.
Social Democratic Party official Georg Niedermuhlbicher says his party's move is a result of “the legal accusations that have been made known from Israel.” The party is the senior partner in the coalition now ruling Austria.
The development comes ahead of October national elections and could hurt the Social Democrats, who are trailing behind center-right and right-wing rivals in polls. The other parties are criticizing the Social Democrats for choosing Silberstein as a consultant.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
US PRESIDENT Donald Trump, still nursing resentment against Attorney-General Jeff Sessions for recusing himself from the Russia investigation, says he wishes he'd picked a different leader of the Justice Department.
Mr Trump tweeted a quote from Republican congressman Trey Gowdy, who said Mr Sessions should have told Mr Trump before accepting the job that he planned to recuse himself from the investigation.
Trump wrote “And I wish I did!” at the suggestion he might have chosen someone else.
It comes amid fresh news reports that Mr Trump had asked Mr Sessions to rescind his recusal.
Mr Sessions recused himself for possible conflict of interest, leading to the appointment of special counsel Robert Mueller, the New York Post reports.
President Trump reportedly told Attorney-General Sessions to reverse the pivotal decision to recuse himself from the Russia investigation.
Camera Icon US President Donald Trump alongside US Attorney-General Jeff Sessions after Sessions was sworn in as Attorney-General in the Oval Office. Picture: AFP
Mr Trump confronted Mr Sessions about the recusal at his Mar-a-Lago resort in March 2017, after telling aides he needed a “loyalist” in that role — and Mr Sessions refused to change his mind, according to The New York Times.
The president had publicly excoriated Mr Sessions' decision, calling it “disgraceful” in a tweet.
Mr Trump also told Mr Sessions that choosing him to be Attorney-General was one of the worst decisions he had made, called him an “idiot,” and said that he should resign, the Times reported in 2017.
Camera Icon Mr Trump said he never would have appointed Sessions had he known he would recuse himself from overseeing the investigation into Russian interference. Pic: AFP Picture: AFP
Mr Mueller is looking into the president's treatment of Mr Sessions as part of an inquiry into whether Mr Trump obstructed justice in the investigation, the paper said.
Mr Sessions was interviewed by Mr Mueller's investigators in January and the special counsel would like to ask Mr Trump about the Sessions recusal and his reaction, according to questions obtained by the Times.
Mr Trump's attorney Rudy Giuliani told the paper that although he didn't know whether Mr Trump asked for Mr Sessions to reverse the decision it would be under his authority to do so.
This article originally appeared on the New York Post and has been republished with permission.
Drew Pearson set a bar that will be hard to top during last year's NFL Draft for pick announcers.
Pearson memorably ripped the Eagles' fan base in Philadelphia as he announced the Cowboys' selection of cornerback Chidobe Awuzie in the second-round.
This year, the second-round duties fall to Cowboys' great Bob Lilly. Center Travis Frederick, the team's Walter Payton Man of the Year candidate in 2017, will announce the third-round pick on Friday.
Lilly, 78, became "Mr. Cowboy" after his standout career at TCU. The defensive tackle was the organization's first pick in the first-round of the 1961 draft (13th overall), and was named to 11 Pro Bowls and was selected first-team All-Pro seven times.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Lilly, who was part of the Cowboys' Super Bowl VI winning team, was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1980.
SHARE COPY LINK Crews are busy at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, preparing for the NFL Draft 2018, taking place April 26-28. Paul Moseley
As he announces the pick, Lilly will be joined on stage by the family of late Army Capt. Ellery Ray Wallace. The NFL is partnering with Tragedy Assistance Program For Survivors (TAPS) to honor military families.
Wallace lost his life on Aug. 29, 2010 while serving overseas in Nahgahar, Afghanistan. Wallace's favorite team was the Cowboys growing up, a tradition that has passed onto his wife and four children.
Frederick, meanwhile, was the Cowboys' first-round pick in 2013 and has become one of the top centers in the game. He's been named to four Pro Bowls and been selected a first-team All-Pro once (2016) so far in his five-year career.
Off the field, Frederick has spent his time raising awareness and help children who are fighting hunger issues.
Prince's family and friends were quick to shoot down reports that the late singer's hologram would make an appearance during Justin Timberlake's Super Bowl LII halftime show on Sunday.
The “Purple Rain” singer's family denied it was happening on Saturday through a Twitter account managed by his brother, Omarr Baker.
In the tweet, Baker shared a no entry sign along with “#PrinceHologram,” after TMZ reported Timberlake had a hologram planned in honor of Prince and his hometown of Minneapolis, Minnesota, where the Super Bowl will be held.
Timberlake's rep did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The NFL also was not immediately available for comment.
When a fan asked Baker, “Does this mean you didn't authorize it or that it's not happening?” he responded with, “Both.”
Prince's one-time fiancée and longtime friend and collaborator, musician Sheila E., also weighed on the hologram rumor on Twitter, writing, “Prince told me don't ever let anyone do a hologram of me. Not cool if this happens!”
Prince told me don't ever let anyone do a hologram of me. Not cool if this happens! https://t.co/khtCjXr2mY — SheilaEdrummer (@SheilaEdrummer) February 3, 2018
Prince's Super Bowl XLI halftime performance in 2007 is still considered one of the best halftime shows of all time, particularly after the singer performed during an actual downpour of rain while singing “Purple Rain.”
While the icon's image might not be making an appearance with Timberlake, the “Filthy” singer cited Prince as a big influence for his performance during a press conference on Thursday, according to Billboard.
RELATED VIDEO: Justin Timberlake Will Headline the Super Bowl Halftime Show — Watch His Video Announcement
“In my opinion, [he is] the greatest all-around musician in pop culture,” Timberlake said. “The time I got to spend around him, with him, talking about music — those are memories that I'll take with me forever.”
When he was asked during the conference if he would be bringing out any special guests, the crooner admitted, “Well… no.”
“To be honest, I had a ton of grand ideas about special guests. There's a whole list. I think Vegas has a lot of odds on it, from ‘NSYNC to Jay [JAY-Z] to Chris Stapleton to Janet,” he said.
Instead, he said he wanted to shine the spotlight on his trusty longtime band, the Tennessee Kids. “I feel like they're my special guests and I'm excited to rock the stage.”
Timberlake — who revealed he's “doing a few things with this halftime show they've never quite done before” — confirmed that he'll play his Oscar-nominated smash “Can't Stop the Feeling” but warned, “That's all I am giving away! I'm not giving away anything else, so don't even try it.
Family activities, live music, world-class beers and street food are in store for visitors to the Peakender Festival.
The festival is sponsored by Thornbridge Brewery and takes over Bakewell Showground from August 18 to 20. There will be adventure tours in vintage cars, hot-air balloon flights, coaching from Sheffield Football Club, magic from Steve Faulkner, amusing antics from circus clown Curley Wurley and a talk on craft beer by freelance journalist Adrian Tierney-Jones. Jack Chapman, James Taplin, The Fabulous Tea Bag Boys, The Black Thunder Revue, Emma Jade Garbutt, Liberty Ship and Ash Gray & The Burners bring music and song to the festival.
For more details, visit www.peakender.co.uk
Everyone loves Mario. The Italian plumber returns to his 3D platformer roots in Super Mario Odyssey, due for release on Nintendo Switch on Octover 27, 2017. And we got to play two levels for 10 minutes a piece at E3 2017.
But Odyssey isn't a straight-up Mario game as we know it. Sure, there are some core elements true to Mario, but Odyssey's introduction of "hats" - thrown and used to take-over and control objects and enemies in the game - turns out to be a new gameplay ace. Taking over a Bullet Bill to navigate to a new area works a treat.
However, some of Odyssey's settings and characters are downright oddities. Playing as Mario runing around a pseudo New York (called Metropolis) with shonky looking human characters feels like a step away from the other-wordly wonder of what Mario is all about; it's a step too close to Bob Hoskins in the 1993 Mario Bros movie. Using hats to effectively become taxis, dinosaurs, even electricity in Odyssey is just, well, not very Mario.
How much that will distract from the full game we're yet to see. Because playing the Sand Kingdom felt like true, classic Mario. It's got the look, the feel, the level design that makes it oh so Mario. With added maracas.
Controlling Odyssey on Switch makes full use of the Joy-Con controllers. We held one in each hand, with a physical flick motion being critical for Mario to sling his hat: flick both in tandem in the same direction and the hat circles Mario, defending from surrounding enemies; flick up and there's verticality; flick in a single given direction and the hat can be used to specifically target. It took a little getting used to, but works well, without feeling like an overly fussy control system.
Navigating the Sand Kingdom also exposed one of Odyssey's other interesting features: Mario can change into different clothing and hats, with the explorer outfit available in this demo. Later, in the Metropolis demo, we were able to collect enough coins to buy a hard hat and overalls from an inter-city shop. All manner of other outfits are available too. There are purple coins in addition to the usual gold ones.
There's also no small Mario. Instead it's a three-strike system before you're defeated and teleported back to the previous save flag.
One excellent homage to the earlier Mario titles is the ability to enter green pipes which paste a 2D Mario across a wall; a mirror of the original game, adding a different point to play. Switching in and out of these sections is seamless, which makes for a clever dynamic.
As per all classic Mario games, Odyssey throws in mini games and has hidden gems - moon shards in this instance - hidden around levels that will require exploration to locate them all. That ought to add some replay value.
At the heart of Super Mario Odyssey is a classic Mario title - one that seems to have gone a little overboard in its use of some settings and characters, but one that we're sure we'll come to love when the full game is released.
Super Mario Odyssey is released exclusively for Nintendo Switch on October 27, 2017.
To the Editor:
Ridgefield. A gem in the Northeast. Off the beaten path. Wonderful for young families as it has a quintessential downtown and lovely neighborhoods. Neighborhoods that are tough to come by these days. It's a key ingredient for certain families buying a home — having a residential area where young children have the freedom to ride bikes and everybody knows your name (insert the theme song from Cheers). It's a place where residents fairly presume special permits won't disrupt their privacy in regularly opening up a neighborhood to strangers. Regardless of how small a B&B claims it will be or how great they intend their guests to be, it's not what these residents signed up for. Bed-and-breakfasts are wonderful when positioned near town and walking distance to restaurants, parks, museums, etc. Is it attractive for B&B guests to roam around a neighborhood loaded with kids, dangerous intersections, well water, and adjacency to two elementary schools, a middle school, and high school? It's not too much to ask to please empathize with these families who prefer to fairly keep their neighborhood a neighborhood. Let's work together to preserve the genuine character of Ridgefield's neighborhoods.
Keeko Gythfeldt
Hobby Drive, Sept. 29
DEMOTTE, Ind. (AP) — A northwest Indiana woman has honored her father's memory with a humorous obituary that recounts his fondness for his family and details how he left behind 32 jars of Miracle Whip, 17 boxes of Hamburger Helper and other items that could prove helpful in a zombie apocalypse.
The obituary for Terry Ward also says he “escaped this mortal realm” with a belief that “The Blues Brothers” was the best movie ever. It recounts how he drove one of his Illinois high school teachers to an early retirement, volunteered to serve in the U.S. Army and worked “39 years of begrudging service” for AT&T. It also includes a long list of things he loved — including “free beer” and “discussing who makes the best pizza” — and says he was known for doling out ice cream sandwiches to his grandchildren.
Jean Lahm said she wrote the obituary for her father with a bit of humor because he “lived to make other people laugh.” She said she began writing the obituary Tuesday after the 71-year-old died from a massive stroke.
“I wrote it myself and I didn't tell anyone I was going to make it funny,” said Lahm, who added that her family thought the obituary was perfect.
The obituary has gotten attention online and Lahm said she's read comments from others saying, “I wish I would have known him.” She said she's just happy to have been able to “get his personality across.”
“He cared about the things that truly mattered. A lot of people can relate to that. A lot of people have these great dads that are just like that. Good guys. That's what he was,” Lahm said.
TUCKED away in the mountains of Goonengerry, just 40 minutes away from Lismore, Dr Gregory Smith lived alone in the forest for the best part of 10 years.
With a childhood tainted by violence and abuse, and a past riddled with homelessness, substance abuse and criminal offences, Gregory found his sanctuary beneath the ferns and the canopies of Goonengerry's forest.
Having been removed from school at 14 by his father, Gregory worked hard to obtain a PhD after returning to society in the late 90s, and has gone on to detail his unbelievable experiences in his novel, Out of the Forest.
After being approached by one of his colleagues at Southern Cross University where he now teaches, Gregory returned to the forest where he initially toyed with the idea of writing his novel.
"I was really confused about writing the book, and so I went and I sat in there and meditated in there for quite a long time and made that decision," Gregory said.
"I was a Forgotten Australian, and through the process of doing that PhD I came to terms with a lot of things, and so my attitude by that time was, well, I've got nothing else to hide - it's time to tell the story."
The experience, which Gregory described as "cathartic", continues to connect him with people from his past.
"I've already got the most out of this book, I've reconnected with more of my family, with my sisters, and I mean if nothing else happens I'm happy," he said.
At the book's launch in Mullumbimby last Wednesday, he even reconnected with The Professor, a character within the novel who he hadn't seen in 18 or 19 years.
"If it [the book] can help someone then yeah, even better," he said. "I understand that sort of pain and if it only helps one person, then this whole venture has been worth it."
Gregory, who now lives in Coffs Harbour, spent years before living in the forest, sleeping on the streets.
Now, however, he is working hard teaching social sciences and even has another book in the making.
"I think 10-year-old Gregory would be quite proud of 63-year-old Gregory, because 63-year-old Gregory, well, I feel like he is probably one of the wealthiest human beings on this planet."
Gregory will be attending the Byron Writers Festival from August 3 to August 5.
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. — The problem wasn't so much that Lorenzo Mauldin and Kelvin Beachum got into a fight.
Granted, having your starting linebacker punch the back of your left tackle's helmet isn't exactly ideal, but long after it happened, that wasn't what struck Todd Bowles.
What bothered Bowles is that, up until that skirmish, the fight was the most fire he had seen out of his team on the 12th day of training camp.
After a glacial start to practice, Beachum and Mauldin collided on a play and things escalated from there: Beachum went down, Mauldin began pummeling the back of his helmet, and surrounding teammates took their sides.
By the end of it, Bowles was forced to stop practice when the fight began to cross into “melee” territory. He talked to his team, Muhammad Wilkerson did the same, and punitive wind sprints commenced.
“They need to know why they're running,” Bowles said. “They need to take the onus on themselves, and if they've got energy to scuffle, they've got energy to run. If you've got energy to scuffle and run, you should have energy to practice.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Bowles called Monday's practice “sluggish” and “sloppy.” He added, “Hard but not smart.” And though things certainly picked up after the wind sprints, there were indications of lag throughout. Josh McCown was sacked five times during team drills and Christian Hackenberg went down seven.
The fault, Bowles said, didn't fall on the offensive line alone. “Sometimes it fell on the quarterback, sometimes it fell on the receivers, sometimes it fell on the running back. It was all-inclusive,” he said, adding that Hackenberg's total was up because “it's tough to hold on to the ball when they're not blocking the guy and running scot-free. We've got to pick up some blocks and help the guy out.”
Bryce Petty also had a rough day with two interceptions.
Beachum and Mauldin downplayed the fight, but Beachum said he noticed the lackluster start to practice. It happened after the last day off, too, he said, and the Jets can ill afford it.
The team has to understand “the urgency right now,” he said. “We've got a game in a couple days. We've got the regular season coming about. We know what's being said. We've got to take care of business. We've got to come out a lot faster than we came out today. Again, these off days, it's the second one. After the off day, it's been kind of sluggish coming out of the gate.”
Jets videos
The two, he said, will make up soon enough. “It's training camp,” he said. “If you don't have a fight during training camp, I don't think you're on a good team. It's part of training camp. It is what it is. We got to go back in the locker room and get in the cold tub together. It's fine.”
Mauldin, who still is experiencing lingering tightness in his back after missing Saturday's game, said the skirmish was a result of his getting a little frustrated.
“Bowles said we came out slow and we need to pick it up pretty much, and that's what we did,” Mauldin said. “We came out slow and we saw it and, of course, Muhammad again approached the team and told everyone that we needed to pick it up as well. We needed a faster pace at practice.”
April 5 Yum China Holdings Inc
* Yum China achieved a strong first quarter with same-store sales growth of 1%; operating profit grew 22%; restaurant margin expanded to 23%
* Q1 earnings per share $0.44
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.38 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Qtrly same-store sales grew 1%, including growth of 1% at KFC and 2% at pizza hut casual dining.
* Qtrly total revenues $1,284 million versus $1,303 million
* Yum China - confident in ability to deliver 550-600 new builds while delivering double digit growth in operating profit, excluding f/x, in 2017
* Q1 revenue view $1.27 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A knifeman has been killed in Germany after he stabbed two people including a police officer on an intercity train.
The attacker critically injured the cop, believed to be 22-years-old, before he was shot dead, according to local reports.
The man allegedly took out his weapon at around 7pm local time while on board the train, initially attacking a male fellow passenger.
As the train arrived in Flensburg, on the Danish border, at 7:06pm, two off-duty police officers are said to have boarded.
One of the officers was stabbed when she tried to intervene before her colleague shot the attacker.
Federal police confirmed late on Wednesday that a knife attack had taken place near the central train station in the northern city.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Bild reported the attacker had been shot while rushing at police with a knife.
Hanspeter Schwartz, of the Federal Police, said two people were critically injured and one person died.
A police spokesman said: "At the present time, it is assumed an official firearm was used."
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: DPA)
He said he was "not aware of" any connection to terrorism as yet.
The area around the train station was evacuated and closed off.
It has since reopened.
WASHINGTON D.C. (KUSI) — Things could be changing in a big way down at the border.
Right now, there is a massive shortage of border patrol agents, but members of Congress have a plan to change all that.
The Senate Homeland Security Committee Wednesday approved a bill that intends to change the hiring process by grandfathering in longtime military troops and law enforcement officers who have already passed prior background checks.
According to The Washington Times, the "Boots on the Border Act" allows officers in any federal, state or local law enforcement departments to waive the requirement of a polygraph test, as long as they've served for a continuous four years.
The act, written by Sen. John McCain, speeds up the hiring process, as the polygraph test can be a long, drawn out hurdle.
“It's crazy to say to somebody who has served their time in the military that they've got to wait 18 months to get their clearance,” Mr. McCain said.
But opponents to the bill say now is not the time to lessen the requirements for CBP officers.
Rep. Luis Gutierrez (D-Ill.) warned that the bill supports President Trump's immigration agenda, including large-scale deportations and the construction of a wall along the Mexican border.
"Anyone who votes for this bill is voting to support and implement Donald Trump's views on immigration, his desire to militarize our southern border, and his fantasy of a massive deportation force," Gutierrez said during House floor debate.
"There are many ways to secure the nation. But watering down the hiring standards of our men and women in uniform should not be one of them."
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This year's A-Level results are nearly in which means thousands of teens will face the reality of moving out for the first time ever.
If you end up getting the results you want and accepted your offer it's probably time to start packing - as Fresher's week will be just around the corner.
And, it's a tough world out there. Think laundry, washing up and cooking your own meals, but, don't panic, we've got a handy guide to make you're well prepared for your first term away.
Scroll down for tips, checklists and deals on everything campus-related, including student bank accounts and what you'll need to invest in quick.
If you're disappointed by your results, don't worry. Thanks to the university clearing system you can still secure a place elsewhere - see our definitive guide to clearing for all the advice you'll need to find a place.
What's in our guide?
1. What essentials to take - and where to get them from.
2. Where to buy cheap tech - or read our cheap laptops guide.
3. Student discount - or read the top 10 places to score BIG student discount savings.
4. Student finances explained - or click to read our definitive guide to student finance.
5. House hunting - or read our guide on university house hunting.
1. The essentials: what you need
Not sure what 'essentials' you'll need?
Check in with your halls guide to find out what the university will be accommodating you with and what you'll be expected to bring.
Most dorm rooms will come kitted out with a duvet, bedroom bin and very basic kitchen essentials, but if you're heading to a student house, you may need to start from scratch.
Retailers to watch for some of the best bargains:
For homewares...
Wilko.com for cheap duvet sets and bedroom decor.
Ikea for affordable duvet covers and pots, pans and cutlery.
George at Asda for soft furnishings, bedding and cheap kitchenware.
For tech and electrical goods...
Currys PC World for laptops, tablets and tech accessories.
Argos for cheap kitchen and bedroom electricals.
Tesco Direct for cheap household electrical appliances, laptops and tablets.
For groceries and household items...
Poundland for kitchen and bathroom cleaning products.
ASDA for food staples and your weekly supermarket shop.
Lidl and Aldi low cost grocery staples.
For everything...
eBay for cheap clothes, towels and everything in between.
Amazon for tech and and bulk-buying items household and toiletries like shampoo and toilet roll.
2. Where to buy cheap tech - from laptops to smartphones
(Image: Rex)
It's peak back to school season which means good news for new students as many retailers like Currys PC World and Argos launch big sales on everything from stationery to laptops.
If you're shopping for a new laptop notebook ALWAYS ask for student discount, or at least haggle for a freebie or extra add-ons - whether it's a complimentary USB stick or a laptop bag, trust us, there's always something up for grabs.
Laptop deals
To help you find a good deal, we've rounded up best cheap laptop deals for under £300, many of which include free Microsoft Office software helping to bring down your overall costs.
If you after something fancy, we've found some seriously good deals on refurbished laptops, including the Apple MacBook Pro for £379.
Tablet deals
You don't have to splash the cash to find a good tablet, there are plenty of decent ones out there for under £50, but if you're on a budget research is key.
We rounded up 10 of the best value tablets and it includes the famous Amazon Fire 7 tablet for just £49.99 from Argos. Or if you've got your heart set on a shiny new iPad, find out how you can save on your investment with our iPad Mini deals guide.
Smartphones
(Image: Moto)
Don't fancy shelling out your entire first instalment of your student loan on a new iPhone? Well you don't have to as the latest wave of smartphones offers everything you'll find on market leaders Apple and Samsung but for a fraction of the cost.
Check out our full round up of the best budget smartphones for 2017 if you don't believe us.
(Image: AFP)
Alternatively, if you're planning to keep your handset it may be time to swap your price plan for a better deal.
With the single biggest factor affecting the cost of phone contracts being paying off the handset itself, it's no surprise that SIM free plans are considerably cheaper.
If you shop around you can score deals like 1.5GB of data for a fiver a month, in our SIM only deals guide we've done all the hard work for you and rounded up the best offers available right now.
Best budget smartphones 2017 - how to get iPhone-level specs for a quarter of the price
3. You can FINALLY get student discount
It's no secret that university is expensive – but there's at least one upside.... Student discounts. Here are some of the best student discount deals going - including up to 30% off.
Your university will provide you with a student card on your first day of term, or when you register on campus. Flash that card whenever you can - wear it as a badge if you must.
4. Student finances explained
(Image: Getty)
If you're heading to university, or know someone who is, avoid getting ripped off or running out of money by reading our guide to student finances.
With banks falling over themselves to get students to bank with them for decades – offering everything from free mobile phones to railcards and just straight out cash to get students to sign up finding out which one is best for your needs can be a minefield.
Luckily, the guide covers everything from working out what student bank account to set up to daily budgeting to make your loan stretch further.
5. House hunting: the facts about student accommodation
A lot of student estate agents are out to make a quick buck from witless students. Call round a few estate agents, and look at a lot of different places - never just settle for the first property on offer.
Here's what you need to know about university house hunting - and what to look out for in a roomie.
Your ultimate university checklist - what you need
Use our checklist below to tick everything off as you go along.
For your bedroom:
1x Duvet, 2x Pillows
Bottom sheets x 2, Pillow cases x 4
Duvet/quilt covers x 2 sets
Mattress protector
Bath towels and hand towels x 2
Small drying rack
Laundry bag
Hot-water bottle
Desk lamp (if halls don't provide one)
For your wardrobe:
Casual clothing - jeans, shorts, t-shirts, blouses/shirts
Underwear and socks (plenty of these)
Comfortable waterproof shoes
Trainers (even if you aren't sporty these are useful)
'Going out' clothes for pubs/clubs/parties
Hat/scarf/gloves
Winter coat
Pyjamas/nightshirt/dressing gown and slippers
Comfy joggers
Bathroom:
Everyday moisturiser
Face wash
Big bottle of shampoo (it'll last you longer)
Lip balm
Shower gel - stock up on these
Shaving cream, razors etc
Toothbrush / toothpaste
Painkillers - get value paracetamol or ibuprofen
Cold/flu remedy
Plasters
Nail scissors
The obvious items you may forget:
Confirmation letters of your scholarship or bursary if appropriate
Any information from your LEA, the SLC (Student Loans Company) or Student Finance Direct
Your offer from the university
Any documents regarding your accommodation
Bank debit card
Paying-in book
Bank or building society details
16-25 Railcard
CV and references
Relevant exam certificates or results slips
Laptop
Charger
Headphones
Strong weekend bag
And for the kitchen:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
SAVANNAH, Ga. (AP) — South Georgia residents on the western edge of the Okefenokee Swamp are being warned to prepare for potential evacuations as a wildfire that has burned 31 square miles near the Georgia-Florida line keeps growing.
Sparked by lightning April 6 in the Okefenokee National Wildlife refuge, the fire more than doubled in size over the weekend on nearby public land as strong winds fanned the blaze. It covered 20,162 acres Monday.
Clinch County emergency management director Will Joyce says some residents of Fargo, a city of about 320 people, were urged over the weekend to pack bags just in case evacuations are ordered.
Leland Bass of the Georgia Forestry Commission says the fire Monday was burning roughly 7 miles outside of Fargo.
HIGHLIGHTS Improve home record to 7-0
Holliday, Judge HRs back Montgomery
laura.albanese@newsday.com
Jordan Montgomery didn't have the game ball from his first win, and he wasn't sure if anyone had put it aside. The family members who came to see his first major-league start last Wednesday had to head home and weren't there. They had jobs to go to and lives to live, and Montgomery didn't seem to mind at all.
As he sees it, if he has his way, there'll be plenty more games to celebrate.
“I try not to make a big deal of it,” he said Monday night after leading the Yankees to a 7-4 victory over the White Sox at the Stadium, their eighth straight win. “It's just a game, hopefully the first of many.”
There's a quiet poise there that's almost unnerving in someone who supposedly is so green. When two batters got on against him in the first inning, the lefty never seemed shaken. After he allowed a three-run home run by Yolmer Sanchez in the seventh, he went back to the dugout and never hung his head, Joe Girardi said. He gave up seven hits, three in the seventh, with two walks and four strikeouts.
“I'm just focused on the first six [innings],” he said. “I still made pitches and executed and just didn't make one. We won. Team win and roll from here.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
His attitude on and off the mound portends good things for this Yankees team, which has ridden its starting pitching and bullpen to the longest current winning streak in the majors. They're still undefeated (7-0) at home, and that's with their starting catcher and shortstop on the disabled list and with an offense that has struggled to hit with runners in scoring position.
Until Monday night, that is.
While Montgomery cruised, the lineup did an admirable job of backing him with a five-run third inning that included a three-run moon shot by Matt Holliday. The home run — an estimated 459 feet — was so long, it could have knocked the cheese off a nacho. Well, sort of.
Yankees videos
“He probably ruined some family's dinner,” said Aaron Judge, who hit a two-run homer in the fifth. “They probably got some nachos. He probably hit that ball so hard, it knocked it out of their hands. That was a great swing by Matty.”
The Yankees, who came into the game hitting .200 with runners in scoring position, went 3-for-7 in that situation Monday night, all in the first three innings.
After Holliday's home run, Starlin Castro doubled to center and Chase Headley brought him home with a double to left that was misplayed by Tim Anderson to land Headley on third. That cost the White Sox another run as the next batter, Judge, legged out an infield hit to give the Yankees a 5-0 lead.
Montgomery showed all the traits that earned him a roster spot in spring training. He turned to his sinker to help get out of the second and fourth. He got Kevan Smith to ground into a 6-4-3 double play in the second and worked around Melky Cabrera's leadoff single in the fourth, thanks to Avisail Garcia's double-play ball. He allowed back-to-back singles in the seventh before Sanchez's home run.
Adam Warren, who relieved Montgomery in the seventh and extended his streak of batters retired to 22 before allowing a walk, gave up a long RBI double to Smith in the ninth. Aroldis Chapman got the final two outs for his fourth save.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“I think he does have a lot of poise,” Girardi said of Montgomery, noting his start in the College World Series as a South Carolina freshman. “I know it's not pitching at Yankee Stadium, but pitching in the College World Series is a big deal. There's a lot of pressure and a lot of emotions, and he had been through that and I felt that would help him.”
Montgomery was asked how much he thinks about that college game. Not much, he said. “It's pretty similar” to pitching at Yankee Stadium. “Granted, I was 17 years old when I was doing that. The big stage played up even more then. I think I'm a little more mature.”
A lot more mature, apparently, if the biggest stage of all doesn't faze him.
New York – After all the pomp and circumstance of the season and home opener for the New York Rangers there was hockey to be played and the Blueshirts didn't live up to the task. They fell at the hands of the Colorado Avalanche 4-2. The same Avalanche team that won 22 total games last season. Sure, it's a brand-new season but that was not the result you wanted to see from the Rangers.
The boys in blue found themselves down 2-0 fairly quick in the opening period of the season but Mika Zibanejad scored both of the Rangers opening goals on the power play to tie the game as the first period came to a close. The Rangers were 2-for-6 (9:53) on the power play in the contest. New York recorded at least two power play goals in a game 10 times last season. The line of Chris Kreider, Mika Zibanejad, and Pavel Buchnevich tallied three points (two goals, one assist) and registered 14 shots on goal in tonight's contest.
The Rangers were slow to start but had quality chances throughout the night. The difference was Avs net minder Semyon Varlamov who stopped 37 of 39 shots in the contest. You can make the case the Rangers had high-end opportunities but they just couldn't find the back of the net.
For the homecoming kid, Kevin Shattenkirk tallied his first assist/point as a Ranger, led the Rangers with three blocked shots, and recorded two shots on goal while skating in a team-high 23:48 of ice time in his Rangers debut. Shattenkirk has now recorded 299 points in his NHL career. When asked about playing his first regular season game as a Ranger, he went on to say, “I think the result still stings right now. When I look back on it a long time from now it will obviously be a great moment for me. It's still a special night in my career. But right now I think I am just a little upset with the result and some plays out there that I felt like I could have had a better effect on the game and helped our team out a little bit more.”
Henrik Lundqvist looked somewhat out of place last night as two of the four goals given up could have been saved. When asked about his comfortability he went on to say, “I think the biggest thing when you haven't played for 10 days, you just try to go out there and build your game. We talked about going into this game that their strength is their speed and transition game. Looking at the result here and what happened, I think that's where they really hurt us – in the odd-man rushes when their D jumped in almost every time to make it a 3-on-2 or 4-on-3. Other than that, I thought we played really well, good energy, we created a lot. In the third, we definitely had our chances to tie this game up.”
From a Rangers player and coaches stand point it was a solid hockey game in their opinion, some could say otherwise and they just didn't have the edge. Head coach Alain Vigneault, when asked about the overall game he said, “I thought it was a good hockey game. Both teams had some good looks. There is no doubt that their defense beat us up the ice a couple times and our gap could have been just a little bit tighter. We would have taken some of those opportunities away, but the counter side to that is I thought we played fast and had a lot of good looks. Best player on the ice was their goaltender tonight. He played a great game and had some big saves.”
When asked about 18-year-old Filip Chytil who, made his National Hockey League debut, the coach had some good things to say, “He had that great look right at the beginning of the game, that 2-on-1 there. I think if he makes that play there it gets him going. Then because of all the specialty time, power play and penalty killing, he didn't get out there as much. But it was a first game for a young man. I'm sure he was excited and he'll be better next game.”
The Rangers get back at on Saturday night when they visit the Toronto Maple Leafs; a team coming off a 7-2 opening win and a team with lots of talent. The Rangers will look to bounce back and grab their first win of the season.
NOTES
David Desharnais won seven of 11 faceoffs (63.6%), including three of five faceoffs in the defensive zone (60.0%), and registered three shots on goal while making his Rangers debut in tonight's contest.
Filip Chytil made his NHL/Rangers debut in tonight's contest. According to the Elias Sports Bureau, Chytil, who is 18 years and 30 days old, became the fourth-youngest player to appear in a game with the Rangers in franchise history; the only players who were younger were Harry Lumley (17 years, 42 days on Dec. 23, 1943), Len Wharton (17 years, 81 days on Mar. 4, 1945), and Don Raleigh (17 years, 125 days on Oct. 30, 1943). In addition, Chytil became the first 18-year-old to appear in a game with the Rangers since Dan Blackburn on Apr. 13, 2002 at Philadelphia, as well as the first 18-year-old skater (forward or defenseman) to play in a game with the Rangers since Manny Malhotra on Apr. 18, 1999 vs. Pittsburgh (the contest was Wayne Gretzky's final NHL game). Also according to the Elias Sports Bureau, Chytil is the sixth-youngest player to appear in an NHL game since expansion (1967-68 season); the only players who were younger were Patrick Marleau, Grant Mulvey, Martin Lapointe, Jordan Staal, and Chris Joseph. Chytil is also the first player to wear jersey No. 72 in a regular season game in franchise history.
Roberto Deiaco, the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue, has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan's midtown. Dubbed Avena, the restaurant was inspired by his Italian upbringing and his years of experience cooking for Giorgio's Armani Restaurant. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer)
A top Labour councillor has accused the Tory leader of Derbyshire County Council (DCC) of distributing 'fake news like Donald Trump'.
Anne Western made the comment about Barry Lewis after he uncovered a document which revealed that Labour planned to close three waste recycling centres before it lost control of DCC last year.
Councillor Barry Lewis, leader of Derbyshire County Council.
Councillor Lewis said: "When we were elected to power in May, our first action as a new Conservative administration was to scrap Labour's controversial tip charges.
"But that was just the tip of the iceberg.
"It now transpires that Labour was secretly considering the closure of three waste recycling centres, with Chesterfield, Bolsover, Loscoe, Glossop and Bretby sites potentially in the firing line.
"We will not be closing any tips while we are in control of DCC and this highlights the huge contrast between the Conservatives and Labour in Derbyshire.
Councillor Anne Western, leader of the Labour group at Derbyshire County Council.
"While Labour just wants to slash frontline services that local people depend on to score petty political points against the Government, we Conservatives are rolling up our sleeves and getting on with the job of delivering the things that are really important to the people of Derbyshire."
Coun Western, leader of the Labour group at DCC, responded: "In the face of worsening Government cuts to the council budget over the period 2013 to 2017, Labour's cabinet members examined in great detail every single budget in every department.
"A huge range of potential budget cuts proposals came forward from officers, some of which we accepted but many we did not.
"The closure of waste disposal sites was one that we did not accept.
"This is a non-story about something that did not happen; fake news in the style of Donald Trump.
"Coun Lewis is trying to deflect attention away from his budget which proposes the biggest council tax increase in 15 years, cuts the most vulnerable people's services and increases the size of the black hole of further cuts in the next four years.
"His election manifesto is in tatters - but rather than take responsibility he keeps blaming Labour.
"He should take a lead from some of his fellow Conservative council leaders and tell his Government that austerity is not working.”
Last month, DCC cabinet members agreed to make £12.3million in cuts over the next year.
Councillors also voted for a 4.99 per cent council tax rise for 2018-19 - its biggest in 15 years.
READ MORE: Cabinet approves multi-million pound cuts and council tax hike in Derbyshire
The controversial cuts and council tax rise are expected to be rubber-stamped at a meeting of the full county council next week.
Ain't No Two Ways About It
When Larry Penny moved to Nashville in 1991, he quickly realized he was just one small fish in a vast sea of like minded musicians and songwriters, all vying to have their music recorded, all fighting to make a name for themselves. He found the motivation to move to the Country Music Capital of the World after Charley Pride recorded “You Hold My World Together,” a song written by Penny. Read the full story and more in your Weekend edition of The Ennis News. Be informed, subscribe today!
Comments
comments
Millions of pounds of unclaimed inheritance is waiting to be claimed from the government, with some of this owed to people in Derbyshire.
Records published by the Treasury have revealed that there are more than 31 unclaimed estates with links to Derbyshire that could be worth a lot of money.
When someone dies with no will or no known family, their property will be passed on to the Crown as ownerless property. This is called 'Bona Vacantia'.
This could be any type of property, including buildings, money or personal posessions, ranging from very little value to potentially millions.
However, people could entitle to a share of the deceased person's property, or estate, if you're a relative.
The latest release published by the Treasury Solicitor has revealed that there are more than 31 people with unclaimed assets with links to Derbyshire.
The details on the value of their estates haven't been published.
When someone dies without leaving a valid or effective will the following people are entitled to claim the estate:
- husband, wife or civil partner
- children, grandchildren, great grandchildren and so on
- mother or father
- brothers or sisters who share both the same mother and father, or their children (nieces and nephews)
- half brothers or sisters or their children
- grandparents
- uncles and aunts or their children
- half uncles and aunts or their children
If you notice a name on this list which you think could be a former relative then you could be in for a bit of money.
To register a claim for the estate, send a family tree to the Bona Vacantia Division of the Government Legal Department.
This must show how you are related to the person who has died, and include the dates of birth, marriage and death of all those on the tree.
If it appears you are entitled to claim the estate, then you may be asked to prove your relation through birth certificates etc.
Here is a list of the people who have died and their date of birth (if published) who have links to the Derbyshire area. If you recognise their name then you could be entitled to claim their estate.
Arthur David Bannister
Ernest Bennett - 24/10/1915
MaureenBennett - 13/03/1960
Alfred Brown - 24/11/1909
Dorothy Cade - 18/12/1922
Derek Cannon - 24/07/1932
James Conneally - 17/03/1921
Margaret Mary Davies - 04/08/1925
Anne Ellis - 22/01/1938
Feliks Frajmut - 29/03/1924
John Fraser
Walter Froggatt - 21/12/1906
Valda Inta Hudson - 27/04/1937
Francis Jakowicz - 24/08/1914
Lily Johnson
James Francis Knight
Herbert Krumins - 26/12/1921
Elsie Margaret Loach - 12/12/1925
Phyllis Hilary Elizabeth Mayne - 10/03/1922
Michael James McGlynn -18/10/1926
John Francis Mulligan -11/10/1921
Gordon Simpson -07/05/1923
Kazimerz Struzik - 09/02/1922
John William Sykes - 10/11/1915
Zigmunt Tarasiewicz - 23/03/1926
Eric Thompson - 09/04/1933
Veronica Weston - 01/08/1922
Joan Whitehouse - 28/10/1922
Norman Wild - 17/11/1925
Anne Wilson - 17/03/1920
Ada Lilian Wright - 20/10/1903
To find out more, click here.
LAKE HAVASU CITY, Ariz. (AP) - Luke Air Force Base officials say an F-16C from the 56th Fighter Wing crashed while attempting to land at a municipal airport in Arizona. The pilot ejected and wasn't seriously injured.
Officials say the jet was on a training flight Tuesday when it diverted to the Lake Havasu City airport and went off the runway while landing, prompting the pilot to eject.
Staff Sgt. Jenna Bigham says the pilot is in good condition and was transported to a hospital.
She says she couldn't provide information on why the plane diverted.
The Today's News-Herald newspaper posted a photo showing the plane apparently missing the nose area of its fuselage.
Lake Havasu City is 134 miles northwest of Luke, located in Glendale, a suburb of Phoenix.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This CCTV image allegedly shows an assassin accused of killing the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un wearing a top with the words 'LOL' printed across it.
The picture emerges after local media reported that the two female assassins believed to be behind the playboy's death may already be dead.
In the grainy image the woman appears to be middle-aged and of Asian descent.
She can be seen wearing a top with the word 'LOL' - the acronym for 'Laughing Out Loud' - in large letters and a blue short skirt, with her right hand over a slim sling handbag.
Kim Jong Nam was waiting for a flight to Macau when he fell ill at Kuala Lumpur International Airport's low-cost terminal, known as KLIA 2 on Monday.
He was believed to be poisoned by two women who are allegedly North Korean operatives.
(Photo: Twitter)
(Photo: YTN)
"There have been reports that (the two suspects) may already be dead," Japan Kyodo News said, citing a ranking official of the Japanese government.
The official, however, did not specify the cause of their assumed death, be it homicide or suicide.
North Korean special agents have in the past attempted suicide after their missions.
Convicted bomber of a South Korean airplane Kim Hyun Hee attempted suicide after his act led to the deaths of 115 passengers in 1987.
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: REUTERS)
The women are presumed to be North Korean undercover agents on a mission to eliminate the estranged half-brother of President Kim.
Following initial reports the poison was delivered by needles, it has now been reported in Malaysia that the weapon used was a cloth soaked in liquid.
"He told the receptionist at the departure hall that someone had grabbed his face from behind and splashed some liquid on him," Selangor state's criminal investigation chief Fadzil Ahmat said.
"He asked for help and was immediately sent to the airport's clinic. At this point, he was experiencing headache and was on the verge of passing out," he said.
"At the clinic, the victim experienced a mild seizure. He was put into an ambulance and was being taken to the Putrajaya Hospital when he was pronounced dead."
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: REUTERS)
CCTV images are reported to show a suspect in the audacious poisoning of Jong Nam.
They show a woman with short, dark hair, in a white long-sleeved top and holding a bag.
A statement by Malaysian police has said his travel documents named him as "Kim Chol" with an age of 46.
Mr Ahmat said that the cause of Kim's death had not been determined yet, but that a post mortem would be carried out on the body.
"So far there are no suspects, but we have started investigations and are looking at a few possibilities to get leads," Fadzil told Reuters.
Jong Nam was known to be based mostly outside of his home country and had spoken out publicly against his family's dynastic control of the isolated state.
(Photo: AFP)
He said several times over the years that he had "no interest in leading his country."
"Personally I am against third-generation succession," he told Japan's Asahi TV in 2010, before his younger brother had succeeded their father.
"I hope my younger brother will do his best for the sake of North Koreans' prosperous lives."
"If the murder of Kim Jong Nam was confirmed to be committed by the North Korean regime, that would clearly depict the brutality and inhumanity of the Kim Jong-un regime," South Korean Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, the country's acting president, told a security council meeting.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
HAYANGE, France (AP) — Two things now grow around the rusting carcasses of the last blast furnaces in this French steel town: weeds, and votes for populist Marine Le Pen.
For months, labor leader Walter Broccoli fought to keep the fires burning, fearing that failure could drive enraged workers into the arms of Le Pen and her virulently nationalistic politics. He never imagined his own son would become part of the stampede.
He says they've not spoken in the three years since he discovered to his horror from their local newspaper that David Broccoli was registered as a candidate in municipal elections for Le Pen's anti-European Union, anti-immigration National Front.
“I said to myself, ‘Impossible! What's happened to him?' I called him up. We argued. He told me, ‘That's the way it is' and hung up on me,” Walter Broccoli says. “I've had nightmares where I saw him dressed in an SS uniform, all in black, with a cap. I took it very hard. It shocked me: My son, in the National Front? Impossible. Unbearable.”
Yet the National Front is now an inescapable part of the landscape in France's industrial eastern rustbelt and its once left-leaning towns. Le Pen is projected to win millions of votes Sunday in the first round of France's two-stage presidential election, likely catapulting her to within one step of an electoral earthquake that would shake France and the EU to its core.
Disgruntled working-class voters will cast ballots for the anti-establishment Le Pen not solely out of conviction but also in protest. She is their nuclear option, their way to flip the bird at the French political mainstream they feel has betrayed and abandoned them.
steelworker Pascal Grimmer doesn't share Le Pen's politics; he doesn't, like her, want a “Frexit” to take France out of the EU or to ditch its shared euro currency. But she will get his vote because he's “angry with politicians, filled with rage,” and “she is the candidate who most scares the others,” Grimmer says.
He hopes that an electro-shock-high score for Le Pen – not quite enough to install her in the presidential Elysee Palace but an uncomfortably close shave – will jolt more mainstream politicians “to use their brains to ask themselves, ‘What do people want?'”
“You reap what you sow. And our politicians have treated the French people like idiots,” he says. “Politicians don't fulfill their promises. They lie as easily as they breathe.”
Last time, Grimmer voted Francois Hollande, the Socialist whose presidency, now in its final weeks, lasted just one term, sunk by his unpopularity.
Grimmer was impressed when Hollande came stumping during the 2012 campaign for working-class votes at the ArcelorMittal steel plant where he works. Labor leaders were in the thick of their battle to save Hayange's furnaces, the last in eastern France still serving the steel industry.
Incongruous in his suit and tie, Hollande clambered onto the roof of a van with union leaders, took a microphone and promised to push for a law to help save plants facing closure. The crowd, which included Grimmer, cheered. In a seemingly trivial detail, but one which workers subsequently wouldn't let him forget, Hollande even shared a spicy barbecued ‘merguez' sausage with them.
“I said to myself, ‘Oh, I like this guy.' Naively, I believed him,” Grimmer recalls. “I was completely hoodwinked.”
Grimmer and others felt betrayed when the furnaces were extinguished in 2013, as part of a deal the Socialist government struck with steel magnate Lakshmi Mittal seven months after Hollande's election. Hollande beat conservative Nicolas Sarkozy, another one-term president under whom ArcelorMittal also closed a plant in nearby Gandrange.
The deal included jobs elsewhere or retirement for furnace workers. ArcelorMittal also promised to invest 180 million euros ($190 million at today's rates) in other sectors of the giant steel works, which still produce high-grade metals for automakers and other clients and sprawl across three towns, including Hayange, in the Fensch valley.
Workers had hoped for more. The mothballing of the furnaces that used to turn the skies incandescent red, dust soot over the valley's towns and draw laborers from across Europe and North Africa hit hard. In a final show of defiance, Grimmer, Broccoli and other members of their Workers' Force union unveiled a plaque of protest in Hayange when the scorching fires which had melted ores into metal went cold.
“SELLOUT,” the plaque read. “Here lie the promises of change that F. HOLLANDE made to workers and their families.”
Still bitter, Grimmer says: “Politicians are forcing me to vote Le Pen. That's why I'm doing this. Not with a happy heart but because I'm forced to. And increasing numbers of French people are starting to think this way.”
And if Le Pen wins?
“So be it. They will have to live with that,” he says.
Broccoli says he warned Socialist officials that extinguishing the furnaces would be “electoral suicide.” Sure enough, the year after they were put out, Hayange voted in a National Front mayor in 2014 – one of just a handful of towns in France to do so.
“It really hurts me to see workers turning toward fascism, the extreme right,” Broccoli says. “They are so angry that they are prepared to vote National Front, to destroy everything. They have nothing left to lose.”
Broccoli's son, a computer technician, doesn't work in the steel industry. Still, the father assumes his son felt “abandoned by the government” after losing a job in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis, leaving him unable to pay rent. He says the son moved in with his mother, also a National Front supporter. The parents are separated.
“I feel as though he's been stolen from me,” Walter Broccoli says. “All these people – like his mother, his stepfather – they weren't like this 15 or 20 years ago. It happened gradually.”
David Broccoli didn't respond to calls and a text message from The Associated Press. Herve Hoff, who stood with him as a National Front candidate in 2014, says David Broccoli and his mother “adopted our ideas because they felt that the left had betrayed them. Simple as that.”
Hoff, a restaurateur, is now seeking election to parliament. He proudly showed the AP his letter from the National Front investing him as its candidate in the Fensch valley in June legislative elections. Saying Le Pen appeals to “forgotten people,” he drew parallels with Donald Trump's election to the White House, won with strong support from disgruntled workers in coal country.
“We'll have the same phenomenon. Deepest France, rural France, will lift up Marine Le Pen and you'll see villages where she'll get crazy scores,” he says.
Michel Liebgott, the valley's current lawmaker, a Socialist, handily beat a National Front opponent last time. This time, he's not so confident. If he decides against running again, he says the National Front could win the seat.
Liebgott, who was born in the valley and remembers Hayange as its jewel, a bustling steel town, says the region is dividing between haves and have-nots. Many of the better-off work across the nearby border with Luxembourg, braving gnarled traffic on the highway to Luxembourg City for higher wages in its services economy. An estimated 90,000 such jobs have helped fill voids left by decades of steel plant and mine closures in France.
“The poor are here. The others have gone elsewhere,” Liebgott says.
With the benefit of hindsight, the lawmaker says Hollande's campaign stop in the valley in 2012 “was bloody stupid.” It gave steelworkers false hope that the furnaces, which had long been earmarked for closure, could be saved.
Now firmly ensconced in Hayange, where the eyesore furnaces dominate the skyline, National Front Mayor Fabien Engelmann says he did not propose saving them because that would have been “impossible.”
“I didn't lie to my voters. I offered them a coherent program: security, cleanliness, lower taxes, reduced debts, road building, work on schools – things a mayor can do,” he says smugly.
The unemployment rate in Hayange is 14 percent, the mayor says – above the already high national average of 10 percent.
Jean-Paul Holtz sees the decaying cathedrals of once-belching pipes and chimneys from his windows. The drum player in Hayange's brass band spent all his working life in steel plants, starting as a 14-year-old apprentice. Now 66 and retired, he wishes the furnaces could be torn down because “it makes me sick to the stomach to see them like that.”
Holtz plans to vote for far-left presidential candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon, who is making a late surge in polls.
“People came to set up industries, money was made, people were provided with jobs. But it's over, finished,” Holtz says. “We have to move on. Will we move on? When? I don't know. It drags on and on and on, rusting away.”
© WOODTV
A loud sound from an unknown source has prompted concern in Grandville and the surrounding area prompting numerous calls to 911.Kent County dispatchers say they've received nearly two dozen calls reporting a loud explosion-type sound. Police have been searching the area, but were unable to determine the source of the noise.Reports of the situation began coming into the 24 Hour News 8 newsroom around 8:30 p.m Saturday.Emergency responders remain perplexed as to what caused the sound.Anyone with information is asked to call the Kent County Sheriff's Department at 616.632.6100 or Silent Observer at 616.774.2345.
Police are appealing for information after the roof and wing mirror of a coach was damaged when yobs threw items off a bridge near Hassop.
The orange coach was travelling under a bridge on Longreave Lane, just off the A6020 near Hassop at around 10.40am on Wednesday, May 23 when the incident happened.
If you have any information about what happened, call PCSO Ian Phipps on 101, quoting reference 18*235479, or send him a message online at www.derbyshire.police.uk.
You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A World War II veteran is celebrating his 70th wedding anniversary with the Belgian wife he saved from a German bomb blast on the front lines.
Percy Johnson, 93, met Eliane when his tank became stranded in the frozen village of Villers Aux Tours in Belgium in late 1944.
Desperate for a warm place to sleep to avoid freezing to death, Percy asked Eliane and her mother to ask if he could stay in their cottage.
They agreed and three days later the Royal Tank Regiment soldier saved Eliane's life when a German bomb landed just feet from their home.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
Percy, from Leicester, dived on top of his future wife, who is now 91, to prevent glass and shrapnel falling on top of her.
Despite being engaged to a local farmer, Eliane fell instantly in love with her new British lodger thanks to his heroics.
Within weeks she agreed to call off her wedding and travel back to England with besotted Percy.
To move to England she had to get an invitation from his father and an approval letter from his commanding officer.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
The pair also had promise that they would marry within three years - which they did by tying the knot in October 1947.
Percy, who later worked for British Gas , said: “We have loved every single year together.”
Recalling their first meeting, he said: “She struck me immediately as being pretty. There was a mutual feeling of attraction from the start.
“Everywhere we went the civilians were grateful to see us, but when I saw her it was the other way around.
“I think we really fell for each other when we were bombed a couple of days later.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
“I grabbed her, pushed her to the floor and put myself over her. I was wearing thick battle dress so I stood less chance of getting injured.
“From that moment on I loved her but I could not do anything about it. I didn't know whether I could survive the war.”
After three weeks in Villers aux Tours Percy had to say goodbye to Eliane and join his regiment's march towards Germany.
It was only after he had successfully made the push across the border that he first wrote to her.
The pair agreed to meet in Liege while Percy was on leave and then decided to spend the rest of their lives together.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
They were eventually reunited in Folkestone and travelled to Leicester to meet Percy's parents.
He said: “Our wedding was a lovely day. We knew we'd spent the rest of our lives together.”
Eliane was only at her mother's house on that fateful day because her then-fiance had told her to go to escape the bombing.
She said: “When I told him I was going to marry someone else he said, ‘It's the army man isn't it?'
“He said if I changed my mind I could still go back to him, but I could never have been a farmer's wife.”
Percy and Eliane have two daughters, three grandchildren and four great-grandchildren.
Monday review – the hot 21 stories of the week
About the author Naked Security writer
Kitanakagusuku High School and Maehara High School compete during the 11th annual Friendship Basketball Tournament Feb. 4 aboard Camp Foster, Okinawa, Japan. The tournament was sponsored by the U.S. Consulate General, Naha, Okinawa. High school teams from the local and military communities on Okinawa attended the tournament, coming together to play friendly games of basketball.
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.04.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 00:52 Photo ID: 3166324 VIRIN: 170204-M-TH199-286 Resolution: 4910x3273 Size: 810.05 KB Location: CAMP FOSTER, OKINAWA, JP Web Views: 0 Downloads: 2 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, US Consulate General hosts 11th annual Friendship Basketball Tournament aboard Camp Foster [Image 1 of 259], is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
(WTNH) — The second Monday of December is also nicknamed ‘Green Monday', which used to be the last day you could order online with a guarantee to receive by Christmas; but in 2017 you can order right up to the holiday and still get it on-time.
It's why Deal News‘ Janice Lieberman says this day has become more of a day of deals. She says in many places, the prices slide back down to Black Friday prices.
If there's a specific item you're looking for, you can put it into Deal News. We have an alert that will tell you when that sale will go on and where it is. Then you can just click on it and buy it. Because it's very hard to scour all the ads.
Another idea if you're waiting for the price to drop, download the store's app. They're likely to offer deals first to their loyal followers. While you're at it, follow them on social media.
If you don't know what you're looking for, hold out until gift cards go on sale.
“So, let's say you spend $10 at Starbucks, you'll get a $5 gift card or iTunes last year, you spend $80, and get a $100 gift card,” Lieberman said. “Target knocked off 10% on all their gift cards last year.”
Stores may offer bundle deals on Green Monday. Buy the item, get a free gift card with it. Even if you're not tech savvy, it's time to check back in on those items still on your list. You might find you'll save money buying it on Green Monday.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The task of leaving the EU is so overarching it has drawn attention away from other Government announcements.
The scrutiny which should have been given to the Government's handling of the health service, education and transport has been suffocated under the blanket coverage of Brexit.
Which is why Chris Grayling has yet to be fully held to account for his “bailout” of Stagecoac h.
The private rail company's contract to run the East Coast Mainline has been terminated just before it was due to pay the government more than £2billion for the right to hold the franchise.
Instead of insisting the company, a joint venture with Virgin, fulfilled its obligations, the Transport Secretary has agreed for a public-private consortium to run the line until the franchise expires in 2023.
Last year the taxpayer subsidised the supposedly private rail industry to the tune of £4.8billion.
(Image: REUTERS)
The system of privatisation created by the Tories is so dysfunctional it allows taxpayers' money to be filtered through private firms directly into the hands of a few rich shareholders.
For example, Go-Ahead, which runs Southern, Southeastern, London Midland and GTR, received £132million in subsidies last year for its rail operations and paid its shareholders dividends of £48million.
As a reward for overseeing this arrangement the chief executive earned more than £800,000.
The mystery is why people are not more angry about public money being used to enrich private individuals.
The amount taxpayers pay in rail subsidies is just over half the amount we are paying to the EU this year.
Though you will not see that on the side of a Stagecoach train or bus.
Theresa May is in Paris today for the One Planet summit on tackling climate change.
This is an opportunity to escape another day of heavy going in Parliament on the EU Withdrawal Bill.
(Image: PA)
The Prime Minister also travels to the French capital safe in the knowledge the only world leader she will not have to bump into is Donald Trump.
Though it is deeply dispiriting that we have a climate change denier in the White House at a time when an international solution to global warming has never been more pressing.
Trump's absence also means the PM can avoid having to broach the President's tax plans.
The finance ministers of Europe's five largest economies, who include Philip Hammond, have written to the White House to warn the bill, as it stands, flouts international trade agreements by giving US companies preferential treatment.
In a welcome move, the Government today launches its consultation on changing the law on organ donations .
The Mirror has been campaigning for England to follow Scotland and Wales by introducing a system whereby you opt out of the donor register.
The initial evidence from Wales shows the change to a soft opt out (your close family or friends have a final say on consent) has already saved lives.
The Commons kick off with questions to Business Secretary Greg Clark before moving to the Withdrawal Bill.
Faced with the prospect of defeat the Government gave ground yesterday on the Henry VIII powers – the right for ministers to ram legislation onto the statute book without scrutiny – by agreeing a committee of MPs should scrutinise when this power could be used.
This may be sufficient to buy off some concerned Tories.
The real fireworks could come tomorrow when they vote on giving MPs a final say on any Brexit deal.
Pro-Remain MPs want this ‘meaningful vote' to be before the Prime Minister signs any withdrawal agreement and the terms of that agreement should be made public.
Look out for an adjournment debate by Labour's Luciana Berger on children's mental health provision.
Labour MP Jess Phillips has a Westminster Hall debate at 9.30am on the funding of domestic violence refuges.
There is a mixed bag of committees.
The Home Affairs committee is taking evidence on harassment and intimidation near abortion clinics, the Environment Committee is looking at F-gases (me neither) and the Culture, Media and Sport committee takes evidence from social media firms on their use of algorithms and AI.
We have recorded a new ay to the Left podcast on all latest Brexit developments. It includes an uncharacteristically accurate prediction on whether May would get a deal.
© Jack1956/ CC BY SA 3.0
PG 1237 - The Most Famous Pit of Death at Ur
During Sir Charles Leonard Woolley's excavation of Ur from 1922 to 1934, any burial without a tomb chamber was given the name 'death pit' (known also as 'grave pits'). Arguably the most impressive death pit excavated by Woolley and his team was PG 1237, which Woolley dubbed as 'The Great Death Pit', due to the number of bodies that were found in it. These bodies were arranged neatly in rows and were richly dressed. It is commonly believed that these individuals were sacrificial victims who accompanied their master / mistress in the afterlife. It is unclear, however, if they had done so voluntarily.During Woolley's archaeological excavations at Ur, a total of six burials were assigned as 'death pits'. Generally speaking, these were tombs and sunken courtyards connected to the surface by a shaft. These 'death pits' were thought to have been built around or adjacent to the tomb of a primary individual. This hypothesis, however, has been challenged in recent times. In any case, the 'death pits' discovered by Woolley and his team were filled with the remains of retainers belonging to an important individual.The most impressive of Woolley's 'death pits' is PG 1237, which was named by Woolley as the 'Great Death Pit'. In this 'death pit', Woolley and his team identified a total ofThe bodies of the six men were found near the entrance of the 'death pit' and were equipped with a helmet and weapons.Read the rest of the article here
9:50 by Vigil Have your say: The never-ending party – Zimbabwe Vigil Diary
The Mugabe family have dramatically expanded their property empire in the Mazowe area by giving themselves a billion dollars of government money to build a new university there to be called the Robert Gabriel Mugabe University with themselves as the trustees.
Mumbai: It can't get better than this! A skater named Mayuri Bhandari has paid tribute to Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Padmaavat by dancing to Ghoomar while skating on ice. And we are sure Deepika Padukone, the beautiful lady who had performed the dance in the film will be proud of this young girl.
Watch the video embedded below:
Bhandari, who had published the video on YouTube on January 26 wrote: “In honor of the film Padmaavat's release, here is my ice skating tribute to the beautiful song Ghoomar! As a Rajasthani, I skate to this song with pride! (sic).”
Ghoomar has emerged has one of the most popular tracks in the recent times. Composed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali, penned by AM Turaz (read: Rajasthani portions were penned by Swaroop Khan) and sung by Shreya Ghoshal and Swaroop Khan, Ghoomar pays tribute to the traditional Indian dance form.
Not too long ago, the official Twitter handle of NBA India took to the micro-blogging site to share a video showing cheerleaders at a basketball court in Charlotte, US, dressed in Indian ethnic wear swirling and swaying to the sounds and beats of Ghoomar.
Moreover, just a few days ago, film critic Komal Nahta had shared an amazing video showing an ocean of humanity dancing to the tunes of Ghoomar. Families residing at the San Francisco Bay region in the US apparently booked the entire show at a theatre to watch the film and before the screening, every woman present out there dressed like Deepika in the film danced to the aforementioned song.
Also starring Shahid Kapoor (as Maharawal Ratan Singh) and Ranveer Singh (as Alauddin Khilji) Padmaavat released on January 25. The film also features Raza Murad, Jim Sarbh and Aditi Rao Hydari.
A Data-Driven Method for Finding Out Whether Your Content Sucks
By Neil Patel
Sometimes, you have to show some tough love. You've got to be brutally honest.
Because I value you (yes, you!) as a reader, I don't want to lie to you or sugarcoat things for you. You deserve better.
I want to give you the best advice possible so you can go out there and succeed.
If I'm being brutally honest: Your content might suck.
It's not your fault—my content was downright awful for years. It took me a long, long time to get really good at blogging.
Blogging is hard. Coming up with awesome content is hard.
You might know your content isn't as good as it could be, but you probably don't know where you're going wrong.
And if you don't know where you're going wrong, you'll never improve.
That's why I've put together this data-driven method of finding out whether your content sucks. There's no guesswork here. I've laid out everything for you here, step by step.
I wish someone would have given me a guide like this when I started blogging. It would have eliminated years of mistakes, and I'm not exaggerating.
Let's get started.
Get into the right mindset
When I started blogging, I didn't really know how to make my content better.
For a while, I thought I was just an awful blogger.
If you feel that way, let me reassure you: You're not a bad blogger.
Writing is a skill anyone can develop, and don't let anyone tell you otherwise. I wasn't born with the ability to write. I had to hone my writing for years.
I know from experience that it can be difficult to see exactly why your content sucks.
Thankfully, there are several tried-and-true methods I've learned during my career that will help you identify and fix problems in your content.
Before we get into the nitty-gritty, I want to point out two things.
First, you need to be your own worst critic. Don't be too harsh on yourself, but try to detach yourself from your writing.
There's a famous quote in writing that applies here:
When you're writing, don't get too attached to anything. You'll need to be honest with yourself during the editing process, so try to look at your own writing as if it's someone else's.
Second, don't be afraid to ask for help. Even today, I work with editors all the time. My writing still isn't perfect, and I've been blogging for over ten years.
If you get stuck along the way, there's no shame in finding a writer or editor to help you out.
Better yet, email a blogger you really admire, and ask for their help. It sounds crazy, but most bloggers (yes, even the big names) are more than happy to help up-and-coming bloggers.
Now that you're prepped, let's make your content shine.
Specifically, let's talk about diagnosing bad content.
Often, if your content is bad, you'll just know. Other times, it's more difficult.
Here are some of the most common flaws of bad content.
Problem #1: Keyword stuffing
If you can use up both hands to count the number of keywords in a paragraph, you're witnessing keyword stuffing.
Keyword stuffing happens when someone uses a keyword several times within a short amount of space.
Moz made up a great example:
Keyword stuffing has been around for years, and people still use it today in an attempt to enhance their SEO.
But keyword stuffing is really only good at one thing: annoying your readers.
Keyword optimization can be a powerful tool, but stuffing ruins it. Plus, Google doesn't like it. If you have keyword stuffing, you need to fix it pronto.
How to fix it: Fixing keyword stuffing is a two-step process.
First, let go of your keyword obsession. Remember, you're creating content for human beings—not for search engines.
Try writing an entire post without thinking about keywords at all. You don't have to use the final product, but I do recommend this exercise to get you out of the keyword stuffing habit.
Second, get up to date with keyword research. It's still a vital part of SEO and online marketing, but you need to do it right.
I recommend spending a lot of time investigating insanely specific long-tail keywords for your niche.
Then, learn how to seamlessly integrate your long-tail keywords into your posts. It might take a while, but it will reward you many times over.
Problem #2: Reader unawareness syndrome
I've said it countless times before, and I'll say it again: Blogging is all about creating awesome content for your readers.
That means you have to know who your readers are.
I've read lots of blog posts that were well-written with excellent research and examples. The only problem? The content wasn't aimed at the blog's demographic.
Let me tell you the story of a failed startup called Patient Communicator.
Patient Communicator's goal was to provide a CRM for doctors and patients. But, as founder Jeff Novich realized,
We had no customers because no one was really interested in the model we were pitching.
Many product ideas fail because the company doesn't understand what their audience wants. It's the same for blogs.
If you don't understand what your readers want and deliver that type of content, your blog will be quickly forgotten.
How to fix it: To relieve reader unawareness syndrome, you'll need to do some thorough research to find out who exactly your audience is.
This is a great opportunity to look into both demographics and psychographics of your readership to understand who your readers are and why they read your content.
A good method of obtaining both demographics and psychographics is to survey your readers. SurveyMonkey is a great tool for this.
You'll get direct feedback from the people you're writing for, and you can't get much better than that when it comes to marketing.
Problem #3: Bad writing
When I first started blogging, I was a bad writer, to put it lightly.
Over the years, I've learned a ton about copywriting, but for a long time, my content suffered.
There's no denying that well-written content can take you from 0 to 60. If you can write well, you'll command your readers' full attention.
More importantly, excellent writing sets you up as an authority. Being able to communicate your ideas clearly is an invaluable skill to have, no matter what industry you're in.
Likewise, bad writing can harm you. People won't see you as an authority, and they might even doubt your credibility.
You could have the best content in the world, but if it's not written well, it will flop. That's why it's a great use of your time to study writing.
If you struggle with writing, don't worry—it's easier to improve than you might think.
How to fix it: In short, study copywriting from authoritative resources. Here are a few to get you started:
Quick Sprout's Definitive Guide to Copywriting
Copyblogger
Copyhackers
Next, become a regular reader of the most popular blogs in your niche. For example, in marketing, Hubspot, Inbound, and Inc are three popular blogs.
A simple way to find the top blogs in your niche is to run a Google search.
If you're in finance, for example, search “finance blogs.” Find 5-10 popular blogs, and read them religiously.
Finally, put what you've learned into practice. Compare your content to that of the blogs you read. Do you see similarities? If you struggle, where is the problem?
This 3-step process will help you become a better writer, but it won't happen overnight. You have to be dedicated and keep it up every single day.
Keep practicing, and, like I said earlier, don't be afraid to ask for help.
Problem #4: Lack of value
People love value.
Jay Baer from Convince and Convert surveyed 25 popular blog posts and found that people love tips and tools. Many of those 25 posts featured actionable advice that readers could use almost instantly.
Sadly, many blogs withhold value from their readers. Many bloggers are afraid to give too much away.
What those bloggers don't understand is that people read content in order to get something valuable.
Think of it as a transaction. The reader is spending time and energy to check out your content, and they're looking for something in return.
It seems counterintuitive, but giving away a ton of value will make your readers more devoted to your brand. I know it sounds crazy, but it's true.
That's why I write super-long articles that are packed with advice. It's a tried-and-true method that's never let me down.
If you're worried about giving away value, don't be. It's worked for me and countless others, and it'll work for you too.
How to fix it: Start creating content with the sole goal of providing value. Don't worry about doing SEO or writing clickbait headlines. Just focus on value.
Strive to provide at least one helpful takeaway in every piece of content you write. (Longer content should have more takeaways.)
These takeaways should be pieces of actionable advice that readers can use in their lives. Ideally, they should be able to implement the advice immediately.
Make sure to let your readers know what value they're getting. Start with the title.
Here's an example of a great title from Brian Dean at Backlinko:
You can tell right away what you'll get if you read the article. That's what you want to accomplish.
You can also create infographics like this one we published on Crazy Egg:
Whatever media you use, pack it full of value. You won't regret it.
Conclusion
Let me reiterate this: If your content sucks, it's not because you suck.
Writing awesome content is hard. It's taken me years of practice to get where I am today, and guess what? I'm still learning.
But it's important to recognize when your content does suck.
There's a huge chance that your content will make a lot of first impressions. People who have never heard of your brand before could stumble upon one of your blog posts, and they'll judge your brand based on your content.
And if your content is bad, you'll lose potential customers. But if your content is amazing, you'll win people over.
What kind of data do you use to figure out how effective your content is?
Source:: http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Quicksprout/~3/t0H4GL201kY/
After returning from a visit to Pearl Harbor last week, Japanese Defense Minister Tomomi Inada visited a Tokyo shrine that honors Japan's war dead, including convicted war criminals. Inada had accompanied Prime Minister Shinzo Abe during his visit to Pearl Harbor, where he offered condolences to those who died in the Japanese attack there in 1941.
In other images from the Asia-Pacific region last week, South Korean opposition politicians called for nullifying a settlement reached between Seoul and Tokyo on compensation for South Korean women forced into sexual slavery by Japan's military during World War II. The move came on the anniversary of the deal, and amid growing efforts to erase some of the key policies of impeached South Korean President Park Geun-hye.
A powerful typhoon killed at least six people and spoiled Christmas in several provinces in the Philippines, with more than 380,000 people abandoning celebrations at home to reach emergency shelters and other safer grounds.
South Korea is fighting its worst bird flu outbreak in a decade. The government said that about 26 million head of poultry would be culled, including about one-third of the country's egg-laying hens, after the H5N6 strain of avian influenza was found in farms and parks.
Advertisement
China and Sao Tome and Principe officially resumed diplomatic relations in a triumph for Beijing over rival Taiwan after the African island nation abruptly broke away from the self-ruled island earlier in December.
___
This gallery was curated by Associated Press photo editor Masayo Yoshida in Tokyo.
For first-time buyers, the V35 ThinQ looks to be a sizeable improvement on one of LG's best phones. But it may not stack up against the coming onslaught in late 2018.
The LG V35 ThinQ looks exactly like the LG V30S ThinQ, a phone that looked exactly like the LG V30. Yes, it's the same phone, but a little different – just as the LG V30S ThinQ was to the LG V30. It's easy to see that LG has made a bit of a mess of its V-series phones.
While this isn't the sweeping overhaul you might have been hoping for, it treads forward by improving on a phone that has aged well with refreshed specs almost across the board. The cameras appear to be better, and it houses the Snapdragon 845 with 6GB of RAM, to name a few changes.
What does this mean for the LG G7 ThinQ, which recently released across the world? LG has now made a mess of that, too, because if you want the best, latest specs in an LG phone, you'll only find them in the V35 ThinQ right now.
Given the big push for the G7 ThinQ, the timing for this phone's release couldn't be more strange. We'll soon be putting this phone to the test for the final review, but as far as first impressions go, regardless of how you may feel about a thrice-recycled design, adding more power to last year's excellent LG V30 can only be so bad – though the third time around, it can only be so good.
LG V35 ThinQ price and availability
As far as we know, the LG V35 will be a US-only affair, coming to AT&T as a carrier exclusive. Looking for a price? LG said that it will be close to the price of the LG V30, around $700, but hasn't shared an official number yet.
For those open to switching carriers, you'll also be able to buy and use it on Google's Project Fi carrier in the US. Whether Google will sell it directly or simply be compatible with the phone hasn't been made clear, though there hasn't been a Fi-ready phone yet that hasn't popped up for sale by Google.
While the AT&T and Fi-ready versions of the phone may seem identical, the Fi version hosts compatibility with a few more 3G and 4G bands, so be careful which one you invest in.
If you're hoping to have this phone in your hands soon, you're in luck. Pre-sale starts on June 1 and the V35 ThinQ will officially launch on June 8.
Image 1 of 4 Image 2 of 4 Image 3 of 4 Image 4 of 4
Design
On the surface, this phone's design hasn't changed at all since the LG V30 released in September of 2017. You still have the all-glass design, fastened together with a aluminum frame that provides military-grade integrity capable of withstanding bends and drops, and IP68 protection against the elements.
The dimensions are exactly the same to the V30, meaning any LG V30 case you bought or are considering will work on this one as well.
Unlike the G7 ThinQ, LG hasn't imposed a Google Assistant hardware key on its left side, nor is there a power button on the right. Things are right where the company left things with its original V30 design.
Fortunately, that's a good thing, but may take some getting used to. Say what you will about the rear-mounted fingerprint sensor that doubles as a power button, but the V35 ThinQ holds true to the V-series tradition of including a 3.5mm headphone jack, bolstered by a Quad DAC that greatly enhances the sound delivery when using wired headphones.
The V35 ThinQ will be available in two colors: black and grey. LG hasn't shared the official names for these colors, but we'll update this article once we know for sure.
Specs and performance
On the inside is where you'll find all of LG's new handy work. The LG V35 ThinQ is a proper refresh internally, swapping out last year's Snapdragon 835 for a new Snapdragon 845, and its 4GB of RAM for 6GB, putting it slightly above the Samsung Galaxy S9 and in direct competition with the OnePlus 6 and HTC U12 Plus.
During our hands-on, the V35 ThinQ didn't feel particularly faster than the V30, though we're reserving judgment for the final review, where we'll have the opportunity to test out the latest Android games and apps.
With 6GB of RAM and a new chipset in tow, this phone will be ready for whatever you have to throw at it for a few years to come, and thanks to the return of its 2,880 x 1,440 QHD OLED display that's fitted to an 18:9 aspect ratio, your visual entertainment, be it movies, games or virtual reality via Google Daydream, will look excellent while strapped into the Google Daydream View.
Image 1 of 3 We're seeing big improvements here in selfie mode Image 2 of 3 Rear-facing hardware gets a minor bump up in megapixels Image 3 of 3 Comes with Google Lens built-in
Camera and battery
We had a bit of time to play with the camera app, which like the LG G7 ThinQ, features Google Lens built-in, handy for real-time object recognition and copying text. This model features enhancements over the original V30's camera hardware and software, boosting the wide-angle lens to 16MP over 13MP.
The selfie cam is now a solid 8MP with f/1.9 aperture versus 5MP and f/2.2 aperture seen last year. We're seeing big improvements here. Photos are no longer visibly blurry, which was a huge oversight that LG seems to have finally fixed.
LG has also added 4K HDR video recording to the V35, now putting LG's phone in a rather lonely (but growing) pack of phones that can record in HDR alongside the Sony Xperia XZ2 and the LG G7 ThinQ.
Regarding battery performance, LG has opted for the same 3,300mAh battery capacity that we found in the V30, complete with wireless charging.
There's some concern that a more powerful chipset could put more drag on the battery performance, though the Snapdragon 845 is said to be quite a bit more efficient than the Snapdragon 835. Just how efficient is it? We'll find out soon.
Early verdict
LG seems pretty smitten with the V30, as this is technically the third phone to be released using the same design. It's hard to blame LG though, as even after nearly a year of its initial release, it still feels fresh and more than able to take on this year's flagship all-stars.
With the introduction of the LG V30S ThinQ, LG surprised us by updating the V30 with some of the newer phone's biggest selling points. While it's not possible for LG to do the same this time around, at least for the hardware improvements seen here, it's hard to say if the company could add Google Project Fi supports to the older model.
Last year, I described the V30 as “a smartphone that doesn't put the squeeze on useful features, filled to the brim with useful utilities”, and that sentiments rings true here, albeit with a little less clarity since it's this phone's third go around the track.
A lot has changed in the world of smartphones in the past six to eight months. So, it should be interesting to put it up against the very latest devices for the full review.
