MOSCOW: Russia and China will hold joint anti-missile defence drills and work on cooperation against missile threats from other countries, RIA news agency cited the Russian Defence Ministry as saying on Friday.
(Reporting by Jack Stubbs; Editing by Alison Williams)
LONDON: Prime Minister Theresa May on Tuesday called for an snap general election on June 8, in a surprise announcement as Britain prepares for delicate negotiations on leaving the European Union.
"We need a general election and we need one now. We have at this moment a one-off chance to get this done... before the detailed talks begin," said May in a policy U-turn that caught everyone off-guard.
Speaking outside her Downing Street residence in London, May warned that "division in Westminster will risk our ability to make a success of Brexit".
She said parliament would be asked to vote Wednesday to decide on whether or not to hold an election.
May justified her change of heart, saying: "I concluded the only way to guarantee certainty and security for years ahead is to hold this election."
The dramatic announcement caps nearly a year of tumult in British politics following the Brexit vote in June 2016 that included the resignation of May's predecessor David Cameron and her rapid rise to power last year.
A round of opinion polls over the Easter weekend also showed her Conservative Party far ahead of the main opposition Labour Party.
The Conservatives polled at between 38 percent and 46 percent, with Labour at 23 percent to 29 percent, according to the polls by YouGov, ComRes and Opinium.
The poll lead had prompted many senior Conservatives to call for an election, particularly as May will need a strong parliamentary majority as she seeks to negotiate Brexit.
The Conservatives currently have a majority of just 17 from the last election in 2015 and some of their MPs have indicated they could vote against the government on key aspects of Brexit legislation.
"Our opponents believe because the government's majority is so small that our resolve will weaken and that they can force us to change. They are wrong," May said on Tuesday.
'Damaging cuts'
EU leaders except May are set to hold a summit on April 29 where they will agree on the strategy for negotiating Britain's expected departure in 2019.
The negotiations themselves are not expected to start until May or June at the earliest.
The European Commission has said it wants the exit talks to be concluded by October 2018 at the latest and stressed in an initial reaction to May's shock announcement that the plans were unchanged.
Britain's next election was due to have been held in 2020 -- a date enshrined in legislation according to which elections have to be held every five years in May.
But the law can be overruled if two-thirds of lawmakers in the British parliament vote in favour of early elections -- and main opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said Tuesday he would back May's call.
"Labour will be offering the country an effective alternative to a government that has failed to rebuild the economy, delivered falling living standards and damaging cuts to our schools and NHS," he said in a statement.
"We look forward to showing how Labour will stand up for the people of Britain."
'Nasty party'
Corbyn, a veteran socialist with support on the left of the party, won the Labour leadership in September 2015 after the party's defeat in that year's election.
The 67-year-old enjoys grassroots support from left-wingers but is opposed by most of the party's more centrist lawmakers, who say that Labour under his leadership is not appealing to the middle classes.
May in contrast has scored consistently well in terms of personal popularity, and polls have shown approval of her handling of the run-up to Brexit negotiations.
When asked who they thought would be the best prime minister, 50 percent of respondents in the YouGov poll named May and only 14 percent opted for Corbyn.
May came to power in July 2016 following the resignation of Cameron, who had campaigned for Britain to stay in the European Union.
The 60-year-old vicar's daughter is Britain's second female prime minister after Margaret Thatcher and many commentators have drawn comparisons to the steely determination of the "Iron Lady".
She worked in finance, including at the Bank of England, before being elected as MP for the London commuter town of Maidenhead in 1997.
As Conservative chairwoman in 2002, she made waves by suggesting the Tories were seen as "the nasty party" and needed to overhaul their image -- something that they did under Cameron's leadership.
When the Conservatives won the 2010 general election, May was named home secretary, one of the hardest jobs in government which has wrecked a string of other political careers.
The Florida father of a protester killed when a car plowed into peaceful protesters in Charlottesville says his daughter was passionate about equality for all.
Mark Heyer of Cocoa Beach tells Florida Today he's proud of his daughter. He is calling for forgiveness.
“I include myself in that, in forgiving the guy who did this. He doesn't know any better.”
Heather Heyer was protesting a group chanting Nazi slogans.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP)  President Donald Trump's pick to oversee Medicare and Medicaid consulted Vice President Mike Pence on health care issues while he was Indiana's governor.
It's a post Seema Verma maintained amid a web of business arrangements  including one that ethics experts say conflicted with her public duties.
Records show Verma and her small Indianapolis-based firm, SVC Inc., have collected more than $6.6 million in consulting fees from the state of Indiana since 2011. At the same time, she also received more than $1 million through a contract with Hewlett Packard, one of Indiana's largest technology vendors, which held a financial stake in the health care policies Verma helped shape.
Verma has agreed to sell SVC Inc. to a Michigan company within 90 days of her confirmation.
REUTERS: Scotland captain Greig Laidlaw will miss the rest of the Six Nations matches after damaging ankle ligaments, the Scottish Rugby Union (SRU) said on Wednesday.
The scrumhalf was injured in the first half of Scotland's 22-16 defeat by France at the Stade de France in Paris on Sunday and left the stadium on crutches.
"The extent of the damage is such that he will take no further part in the current championship," the SRU said in a statement.
"Laidlaw will see a specialist later in the week to determine the best course of management and estimated time out of the sport."
Scotland, who beat Ireland 27-22 in their first game, face Wales at Murrayfield in the third round on Feb. 25.
(Reporting by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru, editing by Lary King)
Lowe's in St. Joseph is offering a free clinic this week for women interested in volunteering during the 2017 National Women Build Week.
St. Joseph Habitat for Humanity is teaming up with the home improvement store to host a construction clinic for women volunteers interested in taking part in the 10th annual National Women Build Week that will take place May 6 through 14th. According to a news release, Thursday, April 20, Lowe's will host a clinic on “How to Finish Interior with Paint and Trim.” The clinic will start at 6 p.m. at the store located at 3109 N. Belt. Highway. To sign-up contact the St. Joseph Habitat for Humanity at (816) 279-2552.
“We look forward to working with Lowe's for the 10th year of National Women Build Week and the opportunity to engage women in our work,” said Rita Boyer, Office Manager of St. Joseph Habitat for Humanity. “We invite women of all skill levels to join us on the build site and take the clinics hosted by Lowe's to learn valuable construction skills.”
A TEACHER who performed an risqué dance routine in front of her high school pupils at a prom has resigned after the video went viral.
CEN RESIGN: The teacher's dance routine shocked onlookers
Darina Dimova's raunchy antics shocked parents and other guests at the high school bash held in at a restaurant called the Prikazkite – or The Stories. The incident happened in the town of Harmanli in south-central Bulgaria. Footage from the night shows a man stripped down to the waist, writhing with the 58-year-old teacher on the dance floor, with a rose between her teeth.
Cen RAUNCHY: The 59-year-old was seen showering the man with banknotes
“The lady did right thing resigning. People with this attitude can't and shouldn't be teachers.”” Social media comment At one point she squats and rubs against the man as the crowd cheer them on.
She then goes on to tear off his trousers and whirl them around her head while he gyrates in front of her.
Then she showers him with banknotes thrown by the crowd.
CEN UNFORTUNATE: The incident happened at a restaurant in Bulgaria
The female teachers who ROMPED with pupils Teachers are entrusted with the care of children – these women abused that position of trust 1 / 39 Instagram Elizabeth Flint was accused of romping with her student
AP
Michael Bennett has never been afraid to speak his mind. And now Marshawn Lynch has some company.
The Seahawks defensive end said the events of the weekend caused him to think, and to sit through the national anthem while his teammates stood with locked arms on the sidelines last night before their game against the Chargers.
“First of all, I want people to understand that I love the military,” Bennett said, via ESPN.com. “My father's in the military. I love hot dogs like any other American. I love football like any other American. But I don't love segregation. I don't love riots or oppression.
“I just want to see people have the equality that they deserve. And I want to be able to use this platform to continuously push the message of that.”
Bennett has been an outspoken advocate of protests in the past, and a staunch supporter of former 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick — who's still looking for a job for reasons unrelated to his football abilities.
He did not talk to his Seattle teammates about his plan (he didn't want to be a #distraction), and while he's talked to other players about his intentions he did not speak to Lynch, who sat through the anthem Saturday night.
Bennett said he hopes any attention he draws will spark others to get involved in their communities.
“I'm being vulnerable right now,” Bennett said. “There's a whole bunch of people sitting at home judging me, but they will never get to this point where they can be vulnerable. Let people attack me because they don't believe what I believe in, but at the end of the day, I'm being vulnerable to show every person that no matter [what] you believe in, keep fighting for it. Keep fighting for equality. Keep fighting for oppressed people. And keep trying to change society.”
While it's impossible to argue that Kaepernick's unemployment is directly related to teams not wanting the attention that comes with his political stances — though he's declared through representatives he didn't plan to protest during the anthem this season — it's also clear the issues he raised aren't going away.
And there are more players who are willing to take up his burden, if he's not there to do it himself.
Posted by Josh Alper on April 17, 2017, 1:43 PM EDT
Tom Savage took over as the Texans' starting quarterback late last season after Brock Osweiler was benched during their Week 15 game, but Osweiler wound up back in the lineup for the postseason after Savage suffered a concussion in the final game of the regular season.
Savage also missed the entire 2015 season after injuring his shoulder in the team's final preseason game and hurt his knee in 2014 when he took over for the injured Ryan Fitzpatrick, which creates an injury history that gives some pause when it comes to counting on Savage to start for the Texans this year.
On Monday, Savage spoke to the media after the start of the team's offseason program and said he believes he can avoid the issues that have kept him off the field in his first three seasons.
“A lot of them can be avoided with experience … I'm very confident in myself this year that I'll be available,” Savage said.
Depending on how the draft plays out, Savage may get competition from someone other than Brandon Weeden in the coming months but his three years of experience in the offense should help his chances of winding up in the starting job as long as he's healthy enough to take the snaps.
If you haven't caught up to what Google's Project Treble is, you really should. Google has created a new partitioning system in Android Oreo that keeps the Android system files on one partition and the vendor specific stuff on another – this is what Project Treble is. With this system, and Treble-enabled device can theoretically boot an AOSP-based ROM because all the system files are in one place and it's just easier that way. This has now been proven true on a Samsung Galaxy S9.
The Samsung Galaxy S9 shipped with Android Oreo out of the box. Of course, Samsung used the Samsung Galaxy Experience user interface (formerly known as TouchWiz) as its skin of choice over Oreo. But any phone that shipped with Oreo supports the new Treble partitioning system – and so it was with the Galaxy S9. This is the reason why XDA member “iamnotkurtcobain” was able to boot up AOSP Android 8.0 on his Exynos-powered Galaxy S9.
The ROM that was used was phhusson's phh-Treble ROM. According to the developer's testing, most of the required functionalities work – WiFi, Bluetooth, NFC, fingerprint scanner, camera, mobile data, among others. Of course, the user was ready to lose some of the Samsung-specific features, like the great camera software, iris recognition, and others.
But if you want to try pure AOSP Android on your Samsung Galaxy S9 and don't care too much for Samsung's software, this is now possible. A couple of caveats, though – this is still pretty difficult to do since TWRP and fastboot will not work on a Galaxy S9. Also, the process will only work for Exynos-powered variants, as the process requires unlocked bootloaders. Snapdragon-powered Galaxy S9's still have locked bootloaders.
SOURCE: XDA
After four women came forward to accuse Mario Batali of inappropriate touching, the celebrity chef announced on Monday that he is stepping down from the day-to-day operations of his businesses, according to a report from Eater , and taking a leave from his ABC daytime talk show The Chew.
All four of the women who spoke to Eater work in the restaurant industry, with three of them having worked for Batali at some point in their careers. The fourth, a chef, recalled meeting Batali at a party a decade ago. After a guest bumped into her and spilled wine on her shirt, she said Batali began grabbing her breasts. Her story was similar to those brought forward by Batali's former employees, all of whom revealed a pattern of unwanted touching and other inappropriate behavior by the chef over a two-decade period of time.
The first official complaint against Batali was filed this past October with the Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group. A restaurant employee reported the chef's behavior to the management company—which handles about 24 restaurants, including Batali's—and he was "reprimanded and required to undergo training."
Batali did not refute the allegations in a statement provided to Eater, saying:
“I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt. Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted. That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family."
He added, “I have work to do to try to regain the trust of those I have hurt and disappointed. For this reason, I am going to step away from day-to-day operations of my businesses."
Beyond his numerous business ventures—which include restaurants, cookbooks, and pasta sauces—Batali has been a co-host on ABC's The Chew since 2011. In light of these recent allegations, an ABC spokesperson told Eater that Batali will be stepping away from the show while the network reviews "the allegations that have just recently come to our attention.”
Related: Post-Weinstein, These Are the Powerful Men Facing Sexual Harassment Allegations
BERLIN: A Vietnamese man appeared in a German court on Tuesday, accused of helping to kidnap a former oil executive in Berlin last year on behalf of Vietnam's secret services and smuggle him back to his homeland where he has been jailed for life for corruption.
Prosecutors say the 47-year-old helped in abducting Trinh Xuan Thanh in broad daylight on a Berlin street together with a female companion in July last year in a case which soured relations between Germany and Vietnam.
The man, identified as Long N.H., is accused of taking part in secret service activity and assisting in deprivation of personal freedom. If convicted, he could be jailed for up to seven and a half years.
"The defendant is alleged to have rented two vehicles as part of this intelligence operation. One was used to observe the victims, the other for the actual kidnapping," said public prosecutor Lienhard Weiss outside the courtroom.
Weiss said the accused later drove both vehicles back to Prague in the Czech Republic where he had hired them.
"Based on our information this operation was planned and carried out by the Vietnamese secret service with the participation of members of the Vietnamese embassy in Berlin," he said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Thanh, a former high flyer in Vietnam who was accused of mismanagement and causing losses at PetroVietnam Construction JSC, has been given two life sentences in jail in Vietnam since being smuggled back home.
He had been seeking asylum in Germany and his sudden disappearance in Berlin caused Germany to accuse Vietnam of breaching international law. Berlin summoned the Vietnamese ambassador and ordered the official representative of the Vietnamese intelligence service to leave.
Long, who also has Czech citizenship, watched proceedings in the courtroom from behind a glass barrier.
Defence lawyer Stephan Bonell said his client was not involved and called for him to be acquitted.
Thanh's case was part of a government anti-corruption drive, in which more than 100 people, many from state-owned enterprises in the banking or energy sectors have been prosecuted, jailed and, in some cases, given death sentences.
Petra Schlagenhauf, a lawyer representing Thanh, said Hanoi had not expected the kidnapping to be noticed.
"We have to assume that the Vietnamese secret service felt so secure that they thought they could carry out such an operation without anybody noticing or caring about it. That was a big mistake," she said.
The case is expected to take weeks, possibly months.
(Reporting by Reuters Television; Additional reporting by James Pearson in Hanoi; Writing by Madeline Chambers; Editing by Richard Balmforth)
The Governor of the Kavango East Samuel Mbambo has called on UNAM students at the Rundu campus to rededicate themselves to hard work .
The Rundu UNAM Campus has enrolled 700 students this year, compared to about 500 in 2016.
NEW DELHI: A leopard on the loose inside India's largest car factory was caught and tranquilised Friday (Oct 6) after sparking a frantic 36-hour search by 200 police and wildlife officials.
The big cat was spotted on Thursday on CCTV by guards at Maruti Suzuki's manufacturing plant in the town of Manesar, just 24 miles (about 38km) from the capital New Delhi.
After workers were evacuated from the plant, which churns out nearly a million vehicles a year, police kicked off an hours-long operation to catch the animal, even using live goats and raw meat to lure it out of hiding. But the leopard was unmoved and remained out of sight until it returned to the same location where it was first spotted.
Paw prints spotted in the Indian manufacturing factory. (Photo: Handout)
"The wildlife team was successful in tranquilising the leopard late afternoon," said Ashok Bakshi, the police deputy commissioner of Manesar.
"The animal has been removed from the factory and after medical examination will be released in the wild," he told AFP. "No one was injured in the operation and area has been declared safe."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Deadly conflict between humans and animals has increased in recent years in India largely due to shrinking forest habitats and urban expansion.
India's environment ministry said in August that 1,144 people were killed between April 2014 and May 2017 by wild animals - an average of more than one a day.
There are an estimated 12,000 to 14,000 leopards in India, which are frequently killed when they stray into villages. Officials say one is killed on average every day.
In January a leopard was beaten to death by a mob outside Gurgaon, a satellite city outside Delhi, after it attacked and injured eight people.
Last year a leopard injured three children after wandering into a school in Bangalore in India's south. Local schools went into lockdown for days until the leopard was located and tranquilised.
If City forecasts are to be believed, British banking behemoth Barclays (LSE: BARC) has a bottom line that is expected to detonate imminently. In 2017 earnings at the FTSE 100 business are predicted to rise 33%. And another hearty leap, this time by 31%, is anticipated for next year. Such predictions make the financial giant decent value for money, on paper at least — not only does it boast a forward P/E rating of just 11.7 times, but a corresponding PEG reading of 0.4 falls below the bargain watermark of 1. Still, there are a number of items that are persuading me to…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Already a subscriber to our paid services (e.g. Share Advisor, Pro, Hidden Winners)? Please login here .
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
If City forecasts are to be believed, British banking behemoth Barclays (LSE: BARC) has a bottom line that is expected to detonate imminently.
In 2017 earnings at the FTSE 100 business are predicted to rise 33%. And another hearty leap, this time by 31%, is anticipated for next year.
Such predictions make the financial giant decent value for money, on paper at least — not only does it boast a forward P/E rating of just 11.7 times, but a corresponding PEG reading of 0.4 falls below the bargain watermark of 1.
Still, there are a number of items that are persuading me to still stay away from Barclays. While restructuring measures are now complete, signs that the bank's core operations are beginning to struggle is a major cause for concern, as is the hefty uptick in PPI-related penalties — another £700m was stashed away for the first half of 2017 to cover the cost of fresh claims.
As I believe Barclays may be in danger of disappointing growth hunters, in both the near term and beyond, I have picked out two stocks with stronger investment potential than the Footsie-quoted bank.
Motoring ahead
Improving market conditions over the past year has propelled the share price of Hastings Group (LSE: HSTG) to the stars in recent times, the share advancing 40% in the past six months alone. And I do not think the party is over just yet.
The car insurance specialist saw gross written premiums gallop to £462m during January-June, it announced last week, up 28% year-on-year. The FTSE 250 company's decision to focus on price comparison websites is clearly paying dividends, helping the number of live customer policies rise 15% to 2.54m, and helping its share of the motor market advance to 7% from 6.2% a year earlier.
The number crunchers expect Hastings to record a 72% earnings jump in 2017, and to follow this with a 17% advance next year. As a consequence the company trades on a decent prospective P/E multiple of 15.8 times, as well as a PEG ratio of just 0.2 times.
I reckon there remains plenty of upsides at these prices.
A tasty treat
Nichols (LSE: NICL) is another London stock expected to keep doling out great bottom-line growth.
The drinks manufacturer can count on much-loved labels like Vimto and Panda to deliver meaty sales expansion, brands which are allowing it to outperform the broader UK market. Whilst total soft drink sales in Britain increased 2.9% (according to Nielsen), Nichols saw revenues at home grow 6.7% in the period.
And Nichols can also look to foreign markets to churn out excellent profits growth in the years ahead — the company saw sales in its international markets stomp 33.5% higher in the first half.
The company has a reputation as a reliable deliverer of profits growth year after year, and the calculator bashers expect this trend to continue for some time yet. Another 7% advance is chalked in for 2017, and growth is expected to improve to 8% in the next period.
Nichols may not pack the same attractive paper valuations as either Hastings or Barclays, the firm trading on a forward P/E ratio of 26.2 times. But I believe its sterling performance at home and abroad makes Nichols worthy of such a premium.
The Kashmir valley was cut off from the rest of the country today as flight operations at the Srinagar airport were suspended and the Srinagar-Jammu National Highway was closed for traffic due to snowfall.
Flight services to and fro from the Srinagar International Airport have been hit due to poor visibility caused by heavy snowfall, airport authorities said.
Director, Srinagar airport, Sharad Kumar said, “Air traffic to and fro from Srinagar airport has been suspended due to low visibility.”
The situation will be reviewed around noon and if visibility improves flight operations will be restored, he said.
“The highway has been closed due to accumulation of snow at the Jawahar Tunnel, turning the road slippery and unsafe for traffic,” Traffic police officials said.
There were also incidents of shooting stones near Panthal, leading to the highway's closure, they said.
A young lady has narrated the story of how she was sacked for failing to greet a colleague. The Nigerian lady who is based in the United States, noted that they claimed she created hostile work environment.
The young lady who shared her story on Twitter was identified with her handle @LIBGyal. She explained that the particular colleague she had failed to greet was always in her space bothering her about not greeting her.
According to her, the colleague had come to meet her asking her if they had a problem because she doesn't greet her.
Being the Nigerian that she is @LIBGyal had blurted out the words "Would you die if I didn't say good morning."
READ ALSO: Women rule the sky! Nigerian airline celebrates her first all-female flight crew
@LIBGyal who revealed that she was fired after they claimed that she created a hostile work environment with her words, stated that for Americans words like that is a personal attack while Nigerians take it as a simple question.
PAY ATTENTION: Get the Latest Nigerian News on NAIJ.com News
Read her tweets below:
PAY ATTENTION: Get the hottest gist on Naija Uncensored Facebook Group
The norms and culture in countries across the world are different, even in some countries with different tribes like Nigeria, there are different norms and culture.
What is acceptable to you in your home country may be a taboo in other countries with different laws.
Is it really difficult to get a job in Nigeria? - on NAIJ.com TV
[embedded content]
Subscribe to watch new videos
Source: Naija.ng
New Zealand Prime Minister Bill English said a final election tally released on Saturday did not fundamentally change negotiations between his National Party and the nationalist New Zealand First Party to form a coalition government.
WELLINGTON: A possible Labour-Green coalition narrowed the gap with the ruling National Party in New Zealand's final election tally, strengthening their position ahead of talks on Sunday with the small nationalist party which holds the balance of power.
The final Sept. 23 election results released on Saturday showed National won 56 seats and Labour and Greens together took 54 seats, leaving them both reliant on New Zealand First's nine seats to meet the 61 seats needed for a majority in parliament in New Zealand's proportional representation system.
National lost two seats to the Labour-Green bloc compared with preliminary results - a development which Labour leader Jacinda Ardern said buoyed their position at the negotiating table.
"We will continue our negotiations in earnest with potential support parties beginning this weekend," Ardern told reporters in Auckland.
"This now means that we have a strengthened mandate to negotiate and form a durable, stable coalition government."
Ardern, 37, took over the Labour leadership nearly two months before the election, quickly drawing comparisons with youthful, cosmopolitan leaders like Canada's Justin Trudeau and France's Emmanuel Macron. She has almost single-handedly brought Labour to within reach of forming government.
Advertisement
Advertisement
New Zealand First said in an emailed statement that it would hold discussions on Sunday with the National Party at midday and with the Labour Party in the afternoon.
New Zealand First leader Winston Peters told local media that knowing the facts "puts us in a better position to make judgements".
Peters has said he would only make a decision on which party to back after the final tally and after the results become official on Oct. 12.
Prime Minister Bill English told reporters in Queenstown that the final results did not change the nature of the negotiations, which would now likely focus on the economy.
"I don't think it weakens it significantly at all," he said, referring to National's negotiating position. "The fundamentals haven't altered, and that is National has significantly more seats than Labour, we are larger than a Labour-Greens combination."
POLICIES
If New Zealand First chooses to go with Labour, which are thought to have more in common in terms of policy, the gain in seats for the Labour-Greens bloc would make it easier for Peters to justify the move, analysts said.
Both parties have said they want to curb immigration, renegotiate certain trade deals and adjust the role of the central bank albeit in different ways.
"If Labour, the Greens and NZ First had formed a government with a majority of one (seat)...that wouldn't have sat comfortably with many people," Richard Shaw, politics professor at Massey University, referring to preliminary results.
A Labour, Greens, NZ First coalition would now hold a three-seat majority after the final tally.
But some say Peters could be swayed to go to National given it would be a straightforward coalition between two parties.
Peters, a veteran New Zealand politician who has now held the balance of power three times, has in past elections formed coalition governments with both the National Party and Labour.
The National Party won 44.4 percent of the votes, the Labour Party 36.9 percent, New Zealand First 7.2 percent, the Green Party 6.3 percent.
(Reporting by Ana Nicolaci da Costa and Charlotte Greenfield; Editing by Michael Perry)
PanARMENIAN.Net - The all-round final of the World Artistic Gymnastics Championships took place in Montreal, Canada on Thursday, October 5.
The representative of Armenia, Artur Davtyan, scored 83,332 points to take the 13th spot. Compared to his preliminary result, Davtyan managed to improve his performance, Armenia's National Olympic Committee reports.
China's Xiao Ruoteng won gold in the men's all-around final after Russian David Belyavskiy fell on the high bar to miss out on top spot.
Harutyun Merdinyan's final performance is slated for Saturday.
Looks like Blue gets A LOT of pocket money
Beyonce and Jay-Z love to take daughter Blue Ivy Carter to A-list events with them – remember THAT shushing episode at the Grammys?
But they might just regret bringing her along after the three of them attended the Annual Wearable Art Gala over the weekend, as Blue decided to get very involved in an expensive auction…
READ MORE CELEB NEWS
MORE: Beyonce's dad speaks out about THAT Solange and Jay-Z lift fight
The six-year-old sat between Bey, 36, and Jay, 48, at the event in Los Angeles and raised her paddle to bid on a painting of actor Sidney Poitier – for a modest $17,000. WOWZERS.
This started a bidding war with actor Tyler Perry who upped the price to $18,000, prompting Blue to hit back with $19,000. Girl's got confidence like her mama.
Unfortunately she lost out on the, ahem, modestly priced item but it was all worth it to see how her famous mum and dad reacted.
In a clip of the moment Jay is seen trying to playfully wrestle the paddle out of Blue's hands to stop her from making further bids whilst Beyonce just laughs.
Blue continues to raise her hand for her next bid though and Jay looks seriously nervous as he gives a strained smile and tries to pull her hand down. LOLs.
Losing out on the painting didn't put Blue off though as she went on to successfully bid on another piece of art for $10,000.
The youngster's antics have quickly gone viral and many fans couldn't help but be amused by her – and by Jay's reaction…
Blue was clearly enjoying herself at the event, having made quite an entrance when she arrived sporting a sparkling outfit which matched Beyonce's look. Twinning at its finest.
It wasn't all about the young Miss Carter though as Bey took centre stage to receive a prize for her humanitarian work at the do, which was hosted by her mum Tina Knowles Lawson.
But what we're left wondering is – where will Blue put her costly new artwork? Does she have just one bedroom or a whole suite to showcase her collection? So many questions.
OWINGS MILLS, Md. (WKRG) — A young boy sitting with Santa is going viral on social media for his silent message to his mom.
Kerry Spencer posted a photo of her little boy sitting with Santa on her Twitter account, @Swilua. She writes, “We taught our baby sign language. This is the sign for ‘help.' You're welcome.”
We taught our baby sign language. This is the sign for "help." You're welcome. pic.twitter.com/i6NkxBf4KP — Kerry Spencer (@Swilua) December 5, 2017
The photo has received over 6,000 shares and has been ‘liked' more than 25,000 times.
People tweeted back to Kerry, saying her son was ‘mispronouncing' the word. Kerry responded back, acknowledging his sign wasn't perfect, but it is the sign he makes when he needed help.
This story was originally posted by WKRG, a Nexstar contributing station.
Accra, July 4, GNA - Vodafone has unveiled the winner of its 10th Anniversary logo competition, which was launched earlier in May.
The competition, which went viral on social media, called on Ghanaian designers to submit designs which symbolised the company's relevance and achievements in the past decade in Ghana.
The winning logo was to be used in the design of anniversary paraphernalia and other items during its 10th anniversary celebrations, which will officially commence this July.
The winner, a young medical student at the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology (KNUST), Nii Kwatelai Phixon-Owoo, was chosen after an online voting of the top 5 designs shortlisted out of a total of 300 submissions.
He took home a cash prize of GH¢ 10,000 at a colourful ceremony at the Headquarters of Vodafone in Accra.
His logo - an innovative and creative work - combined the great heritage of Ghana and the advancement of technology through the decade of Vodafone's presence in the country.
The final version was modified by Vodafone in line with its brand guidelines, as communicated to the shortlisted participants.
Explaining the thinking behind his design, Mr. Phixon-Owoo said: “I set out to create a logo that will reflect key landmarks, such as the famous Lighthouse at James Town in Accra and the Larabanga mosque in the Northern region, with technological symbols highlighting voice, data and the distinct power of connectivity and a stable network.
These were to showcase the local roots of the company as well as its leading position in modern technology.
I initially started by casually scribbling the image in pencil on a plain sheet of paper; this then took tremendous shape and got me excited throughout the entire process. I am thrilled to play a part in Vodafone at 10.”
Speaking at the same event, Patricia Obo-Nai, Director of Fixed Business and Customer Operations at Vodafone Ghana said:
“The competition is one of the many ways we are employing to involve our customers in our journey of discovery. The final representation we have will become one of the unmistakable images that will characterise our celebration, which begins this month.”
Vodafone Ghana has already launched a number of customer reward campaigns as part of its 10th anniversary.
These include; Ahotor Offer, a Vodafone Cash offer which allows customers to send unlimited transactions at GH¢ 3 per month; and Pay Day, a consumer promotion which is rewarding customers with cash prizes hourly, daily, weekly, monthly and grand prize of GH¢ 200,000 for the ultimate winner.
A big anniversary celebration event is set to come off this month with key stakeholders, Government officials, Vodafone Group Management and customers.
GNA
DOG walkers and seafood fans have been warned 150 miles of UK coastline could be contaminated with a lethal poison 1,000 more deadly than cyanide.
GETTY DANGEROUS: Dog-owners have been told be keep their pets muzzled on UK beaches
Experts confirmed that several pets had been killed after eating contaminated fish washed up on the Suffolk and Norfolk coast. There have been increasing reports from pet owners using beaches on the Suffolk and Norfolk coasts in recent weeks that their dogs have died or been left seriously ill and now scientists from the Eastern Inshore Fisheries and Conservation Authority have confirmed that the death of at least two dogs was caused by paralytic shellfish poisoning. The victims have included a Siberian husky at Felixstowe Ferry in Suffolk and a golden retriever that died having eaten a fish on the beach at Cley on the North Norfolk Coast. The poisoning is caused by consuming shellfish that is contaminated with dinoflagellate algae, a naturally occurring and deadly toxin.
GETTY CONTAMINATED: Spider crabs such as this one are among the affected species
GETTY AFFECTED: Holkham Beach in Norfolk is among the affected areas
“Testing on a variety of marine species... have revealed low levels of PSP toxin in some of the samples” A spokesman for the Eastern IFCA A spokesman for the Eastern IFCA said: "Testing on a variety of marine species, including brown and edible crab, spider crabs, shore crabs, velvet swimming crabs, dab and whelks from North Norfolk and Suffolk, have revealed low levels of PSP toxin in some of the samples and no paralytic shellfish poison at detectable levels in others. "PSP toxins around the regulatory limit for bivalve molluscs were found in one sunstar starfish." Experts hope that the contaminated shellfish which was washed ashore by winter storms will now have been washed back out to the sea. Dr Andrew Turner, from the Centre for Environment, Fisheries and Aquaculture Science said: "There is no risk to people or animals from the seawater.
It's MASSIVE: Meet the biggest shark in the world Whale sharks are the largest fish in the ocean. They can grow up to 60ft long and can live up to 70-years-old 1 / 20 Getty Images/Image Source In the Philippines, it is illegal to swim within 4ft of a whale shark. You can be fined or even sent to jail for breaking it
The police in Sokoto have arrested one Aliyu Bello Taro, aka Aliyu KC, a wanted area boy in Sokoto, who has been on the wanted list of the police for about four years.
The Katsina police spokesperson, DSP Cordelia Nwawe, stated that Aliyu KC had been on the command wanted list for his involvement in eight violent cases in various police divisions in the state.
various complaints from members of the public against the activities of miscreants in Sokoto metropolis, the police command launched a war against the group and in the process arrested Aliyu KC alongside his gang members,” the police said in a statement on Tuesday.
The statement also disclosed that KC has a rival gang led by one Dahiru Abubakar aka Maibarewa, who is already facing trial and currently remanded in prison custody.
In a related development, the police command also paraded two other suspects for dealing in narcotics. One Musa Aliyu was arrested for being in possession of substance suspected to be Indian hemp and other banned substances.
Also arrested is Joseph David, who was nabbed in the Sahara area of the town for being in possession of codeine, adulterated syrup, Uniplex Maysedine and others.
Read Also
Share this post with your Friends on
LOCKPORT, N.Y. (WIVB) — Police have released few details about what led to a shooting overnight outside their headquarters in the city.
Officers tell News 4 the shooting happened at 1:38 a.m. Monday. The victim was taken to ECMC. Police didn't say how seriously he was injured.
This is a developing story. Check back for updates.
Opimian Wine Club CEO Frank Ianni joins Global's Laura Casella to talk about Canada's largest private wine club and the benefits wine lovers can enjoy as part of the club.
England's limited-overs captain Eoin Morgan expects Australia to be "galvanised" when they face his team next month in their first series after the ball tampering scandal in South Africa.
REUTERS: England's limited-overs captain Eoin Morgan expects Australia to be "galvanised" when they face his team next month in their first series after the ball tampering scandal in South Africa.
With former skipper Steve Smith and his deputy David Warner serving one-year bans for their part in the March scandal, Australia will be captained by Tim Paine and coached by Justin Langer for five ODIs and a one-off T20.
Advertisement
"What's happened to them in the last six months has the potential to galvanise a young, hungry side," Morgan told British media.
Australia will also be without batsman Cameron Bancroft, who was banned for nine months for his role in the conspiracy to illegally rough up the ball during the third test against South Africa in Cape Town.
First choice pace bowlers Mitchell Starc, Pat Cummins and Josh Hazlewood are also absent through injury.
England, who top the ODI rankings, beat hosts Australia 4-1 in a limited-overs series in January but Morgan cautioned against taking the tourists lightly as the defending champions prepare for next year's World Cup in England and Wales.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I think they will, with one eye on the World Cup, they will come with a strong performance," Morgan, who has a fractured finger but is expected to be fit for the series, added.
"So we're going to have brought our A-game to this series. And again it's going to be a good challenge for us."
England takes on Scotland in a one-off ODI on June 10 before they face Australia three days later.
(Reporting by Shrivathsa Sridhar in Bengaluru; Editing by John O'Brien)
Popular Fuji star, Wasiu Ayinde, popularly called K1 de Ultimate, has said he is supporting President Muhammadu Buhari's reelection bid because he is fighting a group of Nigerians he described as ‘cabal'.
K1, who sparked reactions on social media sometime last week after he visited the President in Abuja, insisted that Buhari gained his support because of his courage to fight ‘Cabals' hindering the progress of the nation.
He told Punch, “I support President Buhari and want to carry it on my head because this is the first time we see a person coming twice to fight the cabal that refuses to let this country move forward. The cabal that refuses to let the people of this nation making good of the nation for themselves and for other generations to come.
“For the first time we have someone who looks the cabal in the face and tells them enough is enough. He had tried this when he first came as a military ruler.”
Speaking on why he supported Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, he said that the national leader of the Progressive Congress paid attention to the problems of Nigerians in his area and brought development.
“I supported Asiwaju too when he was in government. It was based on his focus and approach.
“I remember my area in Okota, Lagos, then. And this takes me to why I seriously support Tinubu. There was no development in the area in the past. Everybody would just go there and buy land and start building. One day, council officials came and started demanding this and that. I said, ‘Take it easy with us. If you want to get something from us, you shouldn't force it on us. Show us the way. Do something for us. There is no gutter here. No drainage and you come here to collect tenement rate. You can collect it only when you have done some things. This prompted the government to do the needful there.
“Today, the people of Okota have cultivated that habit and they see my relationship with government as an opportunity to push matters of the development of our area. So, I have now become the bridge between the government and the people,” he added.
On the incessant killings in the country, Wasiu noted that the problems of killings cannot disappear quickly because they were rooted in history.
Advertisement
The Director-General, Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA), Mr Usman Muktar, says the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, runway is ready for operation and can be opened on Wednesday.
Muktar stated this while speaking with newsmen during an inspection of the airport's runway on Monday in Abuja.
The Abuja airport was closed on March 8 for six weeks to enable rehabilitation of its 3.6 kilometres runway to be carried out.
Flight activities were consequently diverted to Kaduna International Airport during the period.
The Federal Government had announced that the airport would be reopened for normal operations on April 19.
Muktar disclosed that NCAA had concluded the second phase of inspection as follow-up to the recommendations made to the contractors to correct some areas of concern earlier identified by a team of experts.
According to him, they inspected yesterday, made some observations but the findings that were found were not safety critical and today it is found that they have been rectified.
“We have carried out the inspection and we have confirmed that the job has been done quite satisfactorily in line with the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) standard and recommended practices.
“So, the airport, the runway is very ready to accept flight operations safely.
“By this, we are declaring that the airport and its runway are quite operational at the time that has been determined as the official opening of this airport,” he declared.
Advertisement
Muktar said that the agency had already issued “Notice to Airmen (NOTAM)'' to all aviators worldwide that the airport was ready for reopening on Wednesday as scheduled.
On the calibration of the airport, he said that nothing had been tampered with as far as the instrument landing system was concerned to warrant recalibration.
According to him, calibrations are normally scheduled and very soon this airport will also be calibrated along with others.
“It will be normal routine calibration which will be applicable to other airports that are due for recalibration,” he said.
Earlier, the Managing Director, Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN), Mr Saleh Dunoma, had said that the runway was fully ready for reopening, adding that it had been completely cleaned up.
Dunona said that NCAA had given the operators a “clean bill of health'', adding that some of the observations raised by the team of experts on the repair of the runway had been corrected.
He explained that the runway was cleared “because we have our technical team working across the length and breadth of the runway to make sure that every detail is observed.
“That is why all equipment has been evacuated from the runway.
“Later, all the professionals in NCAA and FAAN will carry out a detailed inspection again to ensure that all debris is cleaned up during final cleaning.
“Any moment from now, if there is any aircraft, we are ready to receive that aircraft, but of course, in aviation there are procedures because NOTAM has to be issued and the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA) will do that and then we are ready,” he said.
Jill Colvin, THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Oct 6, 2017
WASHINGTON — U.S. President Donald Trump delivered a foreboding message, telling reporters as he posed for photos with his senior military leaders that this might be “the calm before the storm.”
White House reporters were summoned suddenly Thursday evening and told the president had decided he wanted the press to document a dinner he was holding with the military leaders and their wives.
Reporters were led hastily to the grand State Dining Room, where they walked into a scene of the president, his highest-ranking military aides and their wives posing for a group photo. The cameras clicked and they smiled. A joke was made about someone's face being tired. Live classical music played.
Then, Trump gestured to the reporters in the room.
“You guys know what this represents?” Trump asked. “Maybe it's the calm before the storm. Could be the calm, the calm before the storm.”
“What storm Mr. President?” one reporter shouted. ISIS? North Korea? Iran?
“You'll find out,” the president said.
He also praised those assembled for the photo, saying: “We have the world's great military people in this room, I will tell you that.”
Earlier in the evening, the president had lauded the group, including his defence secretary and chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and said they would be discussing the most pressing military issues facing the country, including North Korea and Iran.
Trump said “tremendous progress” had been made with respect to the Islamic State group, adding, “I guess the media's going to be finding out about that over the next short period of time.”
He also denounced Iran, saying the country should not be allowed to obtain nuclear weapons, and offered another stark warning to North Korea's Kim Jong-un.
“We cannot allow this dictatorship to threaten our nation or allies with unimaginable loss of life,” he said, vowing to “do what we must do to prevent that from happening and it will be done, if necessary. Believe me.”
He also said that, moving forward, he expects those in the room to provide him with “a broad range of military options, when needed, at a much faster pace.”
Washington: India and China have a "Cold war-like" relationship in the making but New Delhi is unlikely to join something framed as a US-led front to contain Beijing, a former American diplomat has said.
Alyssa Ayres, who served in the South and Central Asia Bureau of the State Department, made the remarks last week in New York during the launch of her latest book Our Time Has Come: How India is Making Its Place in the World.
"It is a cold war-like relationship in the making. India and China have had a strong commercial relationship, but that is increasingly less satisfying for India, for many of the same reasons the United States is dissatisfied with its trade relationship with China," she said.
To a question on India-China ties, Ayres, currently a fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations, a top American think-tank, said that for a while the commercial relationship between the two countries had relegated their strategic competition to the backseat.
"I think India (is) concerned about the increasingly larger presence that China is establishing across the Indian Ocean, with a base in Djibouti," she said.
She added that India may also be concerned over China's "deep relationship" with Pakistan, Sri Lanka, and the investments it is making in the two countries.
Asked about the impression in the US that New Delhi is a "good bet" to contain Beijing, she said India is unlikely to be part of such an initiative.
"I think India is going to be highly unlikely to be enlisted in something framed as a US-led effort to contain China. That is not what India seeks to do. It seeks to defend its own interests. It seeks to uphold the liberal world order," Ayres said.
"India has been a big supporter of global norms, of freedom of navigation. But it also partners with China in many arenas. The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB), India is the number two capital contributor," she noted.
The BRICS organisation went from being just an idea in a research paper to being a real institution, she said, adding India is very active with that and the five-nation grouping has created its own development bank.
"India became a member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation. It's hedging its own bets as global governance reform lags on in the 20th-century institutions. And so where it has put some of its eggs in the new organisations basket, it has partnered with China on that front," Ayres said.
To another question, she said that there would be a measured response from India if there was a repeat of the 2008 Mumbai terrorist attack.
"Based on what we saw with the surgical strikes of the previous year or the year before last, I would not expect a completely passive response. I would expect something measured, but much more active," she said.
Radamel Falcao has hit out at the ‘bias' referee in Colombia's World Cup exit to England
England secured a dramatic victory in Moscow last night, winning on penalties after the last-16 clash ended 1-1.
It was an ugly encounter at the Spartak Stadium and American official Mark Geiger struggled to keep a hold of the players at times.
The match saw 36 fouls, eight yellow cards and a host of incidents as Colombia looks to rattle the Three Lions.
Captain Falcao slammed Geiger after the match, insisting he favoured England throughout the tie.
The Manchester United flop said: “That they used an American referee to me seemed particularly, in this instance, that has been strange.
“It leaves me with many doubts, and that he only spoke English, I don't know, for sure there was bias.
Harvey Weinstein‘s fall from Hollywood's highest pedestal isn't quite over.
In a fiery opinion piece published in the New York Times on Saturday, actress Uma Thurman gave detailed accounts of her encounters with the disgraced movie mogul, who is now in rehab.
Their relationship started off professional, with Weinstein establishing a rapport, according to Thurman, now 47. “He used to spend hours talking to me about material and complimenting my mind and validating me.” That changed, however, on the set of “Pulp Fiction,” when they had a meeting about a script in a Paris hotel, where he was wearing a bathrobe.
Thurman admits she wasn't alarmed at first by what has now become a common allegation among many of Weinstein's accusers, but she began to question his intentions when he led her down a hallway to a steam room.
“I was standing there in my full black leather outfit — boots, pants, jacket. And it was so hot and I said, ‘This is ridiculous, what are you doing?' And he was getting very flustered and mad and he jumped up and ran out,” she recalled.
The bizarre incident led to another encounter in London that she described as “such a bat to the head.”
“He pushed me down. He tried to shove himself on me. He tried to expose himself. He did all kinds of unpleasant things,” she said of the incident in a London hotel. “But he didn't actually put his back into it and force me. I was doing anything I could to get the train back on the track. My track. Not his track.”
The next day Weinstein's assistants arranged for Thurman to meet with him again where she told him, “if you do what you did to me to other people, you will lose your career, your reputation and your family, I promise you.”
As for both encounters overseas, Weinstein's spokesperson said the pair had a “fun working relationship.”
“Mr. Weinstein acknowledges making a pass at Ms. Thurman in England after misreading her signals in Paris,” his rep's statement to the Times said. “He immediately apologized.”
However, Thurman says that “Pulp Fiction” director Quentin Tarantino was an accomplice of sorts to Weinstein, as he tried to defend him when Thurman told him the story of the London hotel encounter.
The actress also recalled that after she tried to confide in the director, he made her do a dangerous car stunt, which ultimately landed her in the hospital, for the 1994 cult classic.
“Quentin and I had an enormous fight, and I accused him of trying to kill me,” she said.
As rampant accusations against Weinstein have unfolded, he has been booted from The Academy and is under investigation by the NYPD and LAPD. His actions and the fallout of other men in Hollywood have sparked movements such as #MeToo and Time's Up – which triggered Thurman's memories of her time with him.
On social media, the actress blasted Weinstein in a Thanksgiving Instagram post, alluding to the fact that she had a story of her own.
“Happy Thanksgiving Everyone! (Except you Harvey, and all your wicked conspirators — I'm glad it's going slowly — You don't deserve a bullet). Stay tuned,” she wrote.
“The complicated feeling I have about Harvey is how bad I feel about all the women that were attacked after I was,” she told the Times, referring to any other young hopeful women going to Weinstein's office “walked into slaughter because they were convinced nobody rises to such a position who would do something illegal to you, but they do.”
The Kano State House of Assembly on Monday commenced a process to amend the state law that provided pension and gratuity for former governors and deputy governors.
The decision to commence the amendment of the law followed a motion of urgent public importance raised before the legislature by a member, Alhaji Labaran Madari (APC), representing Warawa Constituency.
According to Madari, the amendment of the law is to reduce unnecessary spending of public funds through payments to former governors and deputy governors who are also holding political offices after their tenures.
Madari said that the decision to review the existing law was to suspend such payments pending when the person would no longer hold any other political office.
The member also said that any deputy governor who later become governor due to any reason, his pension as former deputy would also be stopped.
He said that the decision was necessary due to economic issues caused by the over dependence on crude oil by past administrations.
“As representatives of the people, it is our responsibility to find ways to reduce the burden on government so as to enable it execute projects that are of benefits to the general public,” the legislator said.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the assembly members at a plenary presided by the Speaker, Alhaji Abdullahi Ata, suggested the creation of an ad-hoc committee to handle the issue.
The assembly set up an ad-hoc committee under the leadership of the House Majority Whip, Alhaji Kabiru Hassan-Dashi, and was given two weeks to submit its report.
ROCHESTER, N.Y. (WROC) – Funeral arrangements have been set for Congresswoman Louise Slaughter.
She will be remembered during a ceremony at Kodak Hall at the Eastman Theatre on Friday starting at 11 a.m. Ahead of that, calling hours will be held Wednesday from 2 p.m. to 7 p.m. and Thursday from 4 p.m. and 8 p.m. at Miller Funeral and Cremation Services (3325 St. Winton Road).
Members of the public are invited to attend both events. However, seating is limited for the funeral.
You can submit a message of condolence online.
In lieu of flowers, Slaughter's family asks for donations to be made to The Louise & Bob Slaughter Foundation. They can be mailed to the foundation at 14 Manor Hill Drive, Fairport, NY 14450.
Gov. Cuomo has directed that flags be flown at half-staff in honor of Slaughter on the day of the funeral.
The first-round of the 2017 Stanley Cup Playoffs continues on Monday night with four games on the NBC networks, as well as our Live Streams.
It starts at 7 p.m. ET with the Ottawa Senators and Boston Bruins meeting on CNBC, while the Toronto Maple Leafs host the Washington Capitals on NBCSN. Then at 9:30 p.m. ET the Chicago Blackhawks look to get on the board (both in the series and on the actual scoreboard) when they visit the Nashville Predators (CNBC). The night wraps up with the Calgary Flames visiting the Anaheim Ducks (NBCSN).
Here is al of the information you need for tonight's games.
Ottawa Senators vs. Boston Bruins
Time: 7:00 p.m. ET
Network: CNBC (Stream online here)
Washington Capitals vs. Toronto Maple Leafs
Time: 7:00 p.m. ET
Network: NBCSN (Stream online here)
Chicago Blackhawks vs. Nashville Predators
Time: 9:30 p.m. ET
Network: CNBC (Stream online here)
Anaheim Ducks vs. Calgary Flames
Time: 10:00 p.m. ET
Network: NBCSN (Stream online here)
One of these two countries' nuclear infrastructure and weapons is larger, secretive, and manifestly effective, and shouldn't be compared to the other, says one observer.
NEW YORK: In one of John Cleese's comedic highlights in his television show Fawlty Towers, Basil Fawlty antagonises some German guests at his hotel by constantly invoking the Second World War, all the while telling his staff:
Don't mention the war!
Advertisement
The Trump administration should take some of Basil's advice when it comes to Libya and North Korea, and not simply because its constant invocation helped create an atmosphere of distrust and fear in Pyongyang.
The fact that the Trump team isn't terribly clear as to what model they mean — i.e., the denuclearisation part or the dying at the hands of a mob part — is only a feature of the larger bug.
The process of Libyan denuclearisation bears little resemblance to the vast and complicated process required to engineer a similar result in North Korea, even taking aside the very remote possibility of North Korean acquiescence to such a goal.
COMPARING APPLES AND ORANGES
Advertisement
Advertisement
For starters, while North Korea has been working away at producing nuclear weapons for years, the Libyans had essentially received their nuclear equipment from the Pakistani Abdul Qadeer Khan network and put it in the attic.
Though the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) reports from 2004 outline some experiments and activities conducted by Libya throughout the 1980s and 1990s, they pale in comparison to the challenge we would face in disassembling, packaging, and removing North Korea's nuclear infrastructure.
At the time, US officials noted that “the Libyans had assembled just over 70 centrifuges for testing and had not enriched any uranium with them”.
When I was part of the Libyan nuclear dismantlement team at the Department of Energy in 2003 to 2004, several US National Laboratory experts underscored that the Libyan removal operation was quick and relatively painless because the equipment was uncontaminated and in mostly in crates already.
The flag of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) flies in front of its headquarters in Vienna, Austria on Jan 15, 2016. (Photo: REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger)
Had the Libyans used much of their equipment, it might have taken months to decontaminate and dismantle their programme.
This is obviously not what we would face in North Korea, where the North Koreans have been working away for years at producing nuclear materials — through both plutonium reprocessing and uranium centrifuges.
The scope, scale, and physical status of the North Korean programme very much outstrips what the Libyans ever achieved.
LIBYAN PROGRAMME PALES IN COMPARISON
An even more important distinction lies in the nature of the two nuclear programmes. The Libyan programme was small and non-productive.
In Libya, very few scientists and technicians were involved.
In 2007, the Government Accountability Office reported that the Department of Energy estimated that “200 scientists in Libya have WMD (weapons of mass destruction) knowledge and pose a proliferation risk.”
This is across all forms of WMD, not just nuclear.
By contrast, the North Korean nuclear weapons programme is large, secretive, and manifestly effective.
US estimates highlight that thousands of North Koreans are involved in WMD programs.
Beyond whether this is a challenge to prevent these scientists leaving North Korea and working for other countries to be addressed, this is a challenge in the North Korean context itself.
Unlike with the Soviet Union, where the US was naturally prepared to accept Russian continued possession of nuclear weapons, the Trump administration's stated ambition with North Korea is to dismantle North Korea's nuclear and missile programmes irreversibly.
Unless the US is prepared — and North Korea is willing — to sequester all of those thousand scientists, there are going to be some who will remain outside of its knowledge and control, who could help reconstitute North Korea's nuclear weapons programme at a later date.
This undated picture shows North Korean leader Kim Jong-un at a test of a high-thrust engine at the Sohae Satellite Launching Ground in North Korea. (Photo: AFP/STR)
It is extremely doubtful that North Korea's cooperation in this endeavour can be secured or that countries could or should trust the results of that process.
Would we really believe that the North Koreans will a complete roster of everyone who knows how to build nuclear weapons or missiles?
Consequently, even in our wildest imaginations, we won't be able to prevent the North Koreans from retaining the human capital necessary to reconstitute a nuclear weapons programme later on.
THE DANGERS OF A POOR ANALOGY
This only underscores the profound nature of the verification challenge awaiting us in North Korea and its differences with Libya.
The Libyan verification exercise took several months and, by September 2004, the Bush administration was satisfied enough that it eliminated its WMD-related sanctions against Libya. The International Atomic Energy Agency took a bit longer, waiting until September 2008 to issue a report that essentially closed the matter.
Verifying North Korea's physical capabilities, particularly in light of its past compliance failures, will be immensely difficult, especially if North Korea is held to even a fraction of the same standards that Iran nuclear agreement sceptics used to scuttle US participation in the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action in May.
Will we be able to prove conclusively that North Korea does not retain its own “atomic archive” of nuclear weapons documents or a cache of materials for reconstitution of a nuclear weapons programme in the future?
Probably not, even under the most intrusive of inspection regimes.
People watch a TV broadcast of a news report on North Korea's ballistic missile test, at a railway station in Seoul, South Korea, on Jul 4, 2017. (Photo: REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji)
AGREEMENTS CAN BE NEGOTIATED
This is not to say that an agreement will be impossible to fashion with North Korea.
An agreement could be negotiated that would provide for inspections of suspect sites in a timely manner; require constant monitoring of declared North Korean nuclear facilities and those involved in the nuclear programme; and enhance the ability of the international community to understand what is going on in the North Korean nuclear programme that will almost undoubtedly remain after any negotiation is completed.
Moreover, such an agreement would be a tremendous improvement over the current situation.
But there will always need to be a healthy suspicion whether North Korea retained something for handling a future contingency and an agreement would have to reflect a realistic sense of what is possible with the North Koreans.
The outcome will not be remotely like what happened with Libya, even in its most optimistic portrayals.
Further, it would be dangerous to argue otherwise. One of the most persistent criticisms of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action was that some of the restrictions would lapse and that there would be some risk of Iran one day deciding to build nuclear weapons, notwithstanding the plan.
Then US President Barack Obama himself acknowledged this risk in a candid, blunt and honest statement. But, this was simply an honest reflection of both the technical and political realities in Iran and the limitations of an agreement.
If the Trump administration persists in seeking a Libya-style denuclearisation in North Korea in effect as well as in action, then it will either fail or have to lie in order to assert that the resulting agreement overcomes the huge challenges of verification and reversibility.
Evading the truth and misrepresenting an agreement with North Korea would undermine the importance of careful monitoring and give the illusion of infallibility for the agreement that is undeserved.
A series of explosion were seen at North Korea's nuclear test site by a small group of invited journalists. (Photo: AFP)
COMPARISON GIVES TWISTED IMPRESSION
Moreover, it is worth noting that even the Libyan experience was not without its complications. For years afterwards, the Libyans would complain about sanctions relief and occasionally demand their nuclear equipment returned.
But, herein lay the problem for Libya: It didn't know enough about the underlying science or have the manufacturing base to make good on its threats independently. The North Koreans could do much more than complain.
Not only is the Libya comparison for North Korea dangerous in that it imperils negotiations to address the most serious crisis the world faces today, but it also gives a warped impression of what actually can be achieved.
North Korean denuclearisation, even in the most extreme rendering of some US officials and non-governmental organisations, will struggle to be complete, verifiable and irreversible.
The North Koreans have come too far and too far on their own to make this a realistic proposition. A reality check is sorely needed.
Richard Nephew is non-resident senior fellow at the Brookings Institution. This commentary first appeared on the Brookings Institution's blog. Read the original commentary here.
Yesterday, sibling duo Tennyson and LA producer Mr. Carmack teamed up for the joint single “Tuesday,” the first release of the year for Red Bull Sound Select and one of three new collaborative songs the pair is releasing this week. Today, we're premiering the second. “Wednesday” begins as a billowing electro-lite cloudscape, complete with carefree sipping sounds and twinkling piano notes, before going wide-eyed towards a more spectral, throbbing scope. There are hints of Cashmere Cat and Ryan Hemsworth, but also Aphex Twin in the track's melodious glitchiness. It sounds kind of like a dream you just woke up from but can't completely recall — soft-focused and intangibly warm. Listen to both “Wednesday” and the aforementioned “Tuesday” below, as well as check out both artists' upcoming tour dates.
Tennyson tour dates:
02/14 Denver, CO @ Lost Lake Lounge
02/16 Salt Lake City, UT @ Kilby Court
02/18 Vancouver, BC @ Fortune Sound Club
02/20 Seattle, WA @ The Vera Project
02/21 Portland, OR @ Wonder Ballroom
02/23 San Francisco, CA @ Brick & Mortar
02/24 Los Angeles, CA @ Echoplex
Mr. Carmack tour dates:
03/31 Honolulu, HI @ The Republik
04/05 Houston, TX @ Walter's
04/06 Dallas, TX @ Cambridge Room
04/07 Austin, TX @ Vulcan
04/08 Washington, DC @ 930 Clubs
04/09 Atlanta, GA @ Terminal West
06/17 Denver, CO @ Red Rocks
A MAJOR UK rail company was threatened with legal action by Poundland in a bizarre Twitter spat that went viral.
TWITTER BIZARRE: ThamesLink and Poundland had a Twitter spat which escalated very quickly
Thameslink compared its own bad service to “Poundland cooking chocolate”, sparking a furious response from the High Street giant. Timetable changes brought in on Sunday had wreaked chaos across the network with trains cancelled or delayed. Apologising to an irate customer, a social media spokesman for ThamesLink tweeted: “Very sorry Kevin appreciate at the moment the service is less Ferrero Rocher and more Poundland cooking chocolate. “We are working our best to help stabilise the service.” The tongue-in-cheek comment quickly turned sour as, when the tweet went viral, Poundland spotted it and released a scathing, albeit it's amusing, statement.
TWITTER 'POUNDLAND SERVICE' The tweet was taken down after Poundland complained
It read: “@TLRailUK 'You're off the rails' #TLfail #Proundland. “Dear Mr Horton, We couldn't help but notice you that your Twitter team described your failure to provide an adequate service as 'Poundland' cooking chocolate. “Aside from the breach of our trademark, we think you're taking the chocolate biscuit. “Frankly you have no right to use our name to describe poor service. “We served eight million shoppers last week and didn't have to close any store because of leaves on the roof the wrong kind of rain, or a shortage of managers.
TWITTER NOT AMUSED: Poundland hit back with a long statement
“In fact our Welshpool store flood and our store colleagues stood at the entrance to help customers get their shopping, so we stayed open. “We think we have a pretty great idea of what good customer service is compared to most rail companies. “But perhaps if we ever fall a bit short, we'll describe ourselves as a bit Thameslink. “If you don't want to hear from our extremely twitchy legal team, we expect you to remove your tweet. Austin Cook, retail director #Proudland"
GETTY TOUGH TIMES: Strikes and timetable changes haven't made it easy for ThamesLink
Today, the Hollywood Foreign Press Association revealed the nominees for the 2018 Golden Globes. Now in its 75th year, the annual awards ceremony recognizes excellence in film and television, both domestic and foreign.
Check out the complete list nominees below. Winners will be announced during a live gala on January 7th hosted by Seth Meyers.
Film
Best Motion Picture, Drama:
Dunkirk
Call Me By Your Name
The Post
The Shape of Water
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Motion Picture, Comedy or Musical:
Lady Bird
Get Out
I, Tonya
The Disaster Artist
The Greatest Showman
Best Director:
Christopher Nolan – Dunkirk
Steven Spielberg – The Post
Guillermo del Toro – The Shape of Water
Martin McDonagh – Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Ridley Scott – All the Money in the World
Best Actor in a Motion Picture, Drama:
Gary Oldman – The Darkest Hour
Timothee Chalamet – Call Me By Your Name
Daniel Day-Lewis – Phantom Thread
Tom Hanks – The Post
Denzel Washington – Roman J. Israel, Esq.
Best Actress in a Motion Picture, Drama:
Meryl Streep – The Post
Sally Hawkins – The Shape of Water
Jessica Chastain – Molly's Game
Frances McDormand – Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Michelle Williams – All the Money in the World
Best Actor in a Motion Picture, Comedy or Musical:
James Franco – The Disaster Artist
Daniel Kaluuya – Get Out
Hugh Jackman – The Greatest Showman
Steve Carell – Battle of the Sexes
Ansel Elgort – Baby Driver
Best Actress in a Motion Picture, Comedy or Musical:
Saoirse Ronan – Lady Bird
Margot Robbie – I, Tonya
Judi Dench – Victoria and Abdul
Emma Stone – Battle of the Sexes
Helen Mirren – The Leisure Seeker
Best Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture:
Armie Hammer – Call Me By Your Name
Richard Jenkins – The Shape of Water
Sam Rockwell – Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Willem Dafoe – The Florida Project
Christopher Plummer – All the Money in the World
Best Supporting Actress in a Motion Picture:
Laurie Metcalf – Lady Bird
Allison Janney – I, Tonya
Mary J. Blige – Mudbound
Octavia Spencer – The Shape of Water
Hong Chau – Downsizing
Best Screenplay:
Guillermo del Toro and Vanessa Taylor – The Shape of Water
Greta Gerwig – Lady Bird
Liz Hannah and Josh Singer – The Post
Martin McDonagh – Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Aaron Sorkin – Molly's Game
Best Original Score:
Carter Burwell – Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Alexandre Desplat – The Shape of Water
Johnny Greenwood – Phantom Thread
John Williams – The Post
Hans Zimmer – Dunkirk
Best Original Song:
“Home” (Ferdinand)
“Mighty River” (Mudbound)
“Remember Me” (Coco)
“The Star” (The Star)
“This is Me” (The Greatest Showman)
Best Animated Feature Film:
The Boss Baby
The Breadwinner
Coco
Ferdinand
Loving Vincent
Best Foreign Language Film:
A Fantastic Woman
First They Killed My Father
In the Fade
Loveless
The Square
Television
Best TV Series, Drama:
The Handmaid's Tale
Stranger Things
This Is Us
Game of Thrones
The Crown
Best TV Series, Musical or Comedy:
Will & Grace
Master of None
black-ish
SMILF
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Best Actor in a TV Series, Drama:
Sterling K. Brown – This Is Us
Freddie Highmore – The Good Doctor
Bob Odenkirk – Better Call Saul
Jason Bateman – Ozark
Liev Schreiber – Ray Donovan
Best Actress in a TV Series, Drama:
Elizabeth Moss – The Handmaid's Tale
Caitriona Balfe – Outlander
Claire Foy – The Crown
Maggie Gyllenhaal – The Deuce
Katherine Langford – 13 Reasons Why
Best Actor in a TV Series, Musical or Comedy:
Anthony Anderson – black-ish
Aziz Ansari – Master of None
Kevin Bacon – I Love Dick
William H. Macy – Shameless
Eric McCormack – Will & Grace
Best Actress in a TV Series, Musical or Comedy:
Pamela Adlon – Better Things
Alison Brie – GLOW
Rachel Brosnahan – The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Issa Rae – Insecure
Frankie Shaw – SMILF
Best TV Movie or Limited-Series:
Big Little Lies
Fargo
Feud: Bette and Joan
The Sinner
Top of the Lake: China Girl
Best Actor in a Series, Limited-Series or TV Movie:
Robert De Niro – The Wizard of Lies
Jude Law – The Young Pope
Kyle MacLachlan – Twin Peaks
Ewan McGregor – Fargo
Geoffrey Rush – Genius
Best Actress in a Series, Limited-Series or TV Movie:
Jessica Biel – The Sinner
Nicole Kidman – Big Little Lies
Jessica Lange – Feud: Bette and Joan
Susan Sarandon – Feud: Bette and Joan
Reese Witherspoon – Big Little Lies
Best Supporting Actor in a Series, Limited-Series or TV Movie:
David Harbour – Stranger Things
Alfred Molina – Feud: Bette and Joan
Christian Slater – Mr. Robot
Alexander Skarsgård – Big Little Lies
David Thewlis – Fargo
Best Supporting Actress in a Series, Limited-Series, or TV Movie:
Laura Dern – Big Little Lies
Ann Dowd – The Handmaid's Tale
Chrissy Metz – This Is Us
Michelle Pfeiffer – The Wizard of Lies
Shailene Woodley – Big Little Lies
Flu season is in full effect, and most families are doing what they can to avoid getting sick. Getting a flu shot and using good hygiene practice (like washing hands) is a good first line of defense, but you should also consider working on your offense. Believe it or not, what you eat can actually make your immune system stronger and help fight off viruses and bacteria that attack it. A simple offensive strategy, that combined with preventative measures, can make all the difference this flu season. So here are some immune-boosting foods to feed your family so you can keep everyone safe.
Can the foods you feed your family really make a difference? Romper asked Chicago area pharmacist Bineesh Moyeed, who studies and dispenses pharmacological medicines, but is still a true believer in the positive effects of immune boosting foods. “Super foods rich in vitamins, minerals, and nutrients are essential to a healthy immune system and lifestyle,” says Moyeed. She explains that your body breaks down immune boosting foods and extracts its nutrients and enzymes into your system.
Moyeed adds that the best thing about immune boosting foods is that they are easy to incorporate into your meals. If you have food allergies, like dairy or nut allergies, you may want to skip those. Otherwise there are plenty of immune boosting foods you can feed your family in a variety of ways for meals they can enjoy and that you can feel good about.
1 Fruits & Vegetables Giphy Keeping up with healthy vitamin and mineral intake is a vital part of boosting your immune system. Moyeed tells Romper that fruits and veggies that contain vitamin A, vitamin C, and vitamin E are especially helpful in building a strong immune system. She says that for meals rich in vitamin A you can incorporate dark greens like spinach, broccoli, and kale, along with orange veggies like sweet potatoes and carrots. For vitamin C, she suggests eating strawberries, oranges, pineapple, papaya, and Brussels sprouts. Moyeed adds that the foods high in vitamin E include almonds, peanuts, hazelnuts, salmon, and avocado.
2 Yogurt Giphy You've heard that yogurt can help with digestion, but did you know it can boost your immune system, too? According to a report by CNN, yogurt contains probiotics (good bacteria) that not only help with keeping your intestines bacteria and germ free, they can also improve your body's immune response. The grocery aisle is full of different yogurt brands and varieties, so you have plenty of flavors and types to choose from. The favorite in my house is the Kefir drink and Greek yogurt. You can even incorporate yogurt into salads, like this Greek Cucumber Salad from Little Things.
3 Chicken Soup Giphy It's good for the soul and it's great for a cold. Chicken soup is one of those infamous cold and flu go-tos, and apparently it really helps your immune system. When chicken is cooked, an amino acid called cysteine is released, explained Prevention. Cysteine can help thin your mucus, along with stopping inflammatory white cells from accumulating in your bronchial tubes. The article further noted that, amazingly, cysteine found in chicken soups is very similar to the drugs prescribed to treat bronchitis. You can find chicken soup at almost any restaurant or grocery store, but if you're making your own, be sure to add other immune boosting foods like turmeric, garlic, ginger, carrots, and spinach.
4 Garlic Giphy Garlic can make any meal taste delicious, but it's actually a pretty potent immune booster. Garlic contains allicin, which is known to fight infection and bacteria explained Prevention. Studies have shown that people who eat lots of garlic are less likely to catch a cold than people who don't. You can add garlic to lots of recipes and throw in a couple of cloves when cooking pasta, chicken, rice, or beef. You can pop garlic extract pills if you dislike the taste, too.
5 Ginger Giphy It's amazing how much of an impact a root can make. Ginger root has been used for centuries as a healing food. According to Healthline, ginger acts as an anti-inflammatory, reducing the pain of a sore throat or other inflammatory illnesses. You can get ginger pills if you don't like the taste, but if you do like it, there's a lot you can do. When I get sick, I use an old Ayurvedic family remedy — ginger cinnamon chai — which really seems to help reduce my symptoms. To make this yummy tea, all you need to do is boil your water with a slice of ginger and a piece of cinnamon, and then steep your tea in it. You can add milk, honey, or sugar as you like, just make sure to drink it hot. You can find dried ginger candy to snack on, or you can add it to your stir fry, your marinades, and even add it to your desserts.
6 Turmeric Giphy Turmeric is a yellow root, similar to ginger, which has been used in Ayurvedic healing for centuries. Studies have shown that curcumin, the element found in turmeric, is a potent immune booster that can aid in steering away certain cancer cells. According to Healthline, turmeric can also reduce inflammation and muscle damage. In Ayurveda, turmeric is mixed with warm milk to make a healing drink for all kinds of ailments. In my family alone, I've seen turmeric work miracles, so it's definitely worth a try. It's actually pretty easy to incorporate into your cooking. You can add a small amount (like half a teaspoon to a teaspoon) to marinades, soups, curries, or stir fried meals. Just remember that turmeric can leave a yellow color on foods and clothes, so be mindful when using it.
Hello and happy Saturday! Here's this week's round-up of eclectic and under-the-radar health and medical science news.
If you haven't subscribed yet, you can do that by clicking here.
Big Pharma blinked. But why?
By Vik Adhopia
Something unprecedented happened this week in the opaque world of Canadian drug pricing.
Some generic prescription drugs just got a lot cheaper for everyone — and the actual prices are no longer a secret. The sudden price cut is a big deal because Canada is near the top of the list in drug spending per capita compared to other industrialized countries.
The news broke on Monday when the industry group representing Canada's generic drugmakers, the Canadian Generic Pharmaceutical Association, announced they'd reached a new pricing deal with the federal, provincial and territorial governments (except Quebec).
The deal means lower prices for 70 of the most commonly prescribed generic drugs. These drugs cover conditions such as high blood pressure, depression, high cholesterol, epilepsy and heart conditions. And they will be 25 per cent to 40 per cent cheaper than of April 1.
But why would Big Pharma suddenly agree to lower prices? Fear of something worse?
Part of the story is the power of bulk buying. For the last few years, provincial governments have been negotiating together, using the clout of their collective bulk buying power to lower prices they pay under public drug plans. (Those plans usually cover seniors, Ontarians under 25, welfare recipients, Indigenous people, Mounties and military personnel.)
More than 70 per cent of all prescriptions reimbursed under Canada's public drug plans are generic drugs, according to the pan-Canadian Pharmaceutical Alliance. (Spencer Platt/Getty)
But negotiations were different this time. The governments brought a big stick to the table — the threat of tendering. Tendering happens when governments spend tax dollars to buy goods, from office chairs to fighter jets. They make sellers submit offers, to see who can offer the lowest price. However, governments don't do this when they buy drugs. At least not in Canada.
But thanks to Quebec, the rules of the game changed last year.
Frustrated by escalating health plan costs, Quebec decided it would play hardball with generic drug companies by making them submit tenders for the most commonly prescribed medications.
“And everybody started to panic,” said Marc-André Gagnon, a pharmaceutical policy researcher at Carleton University.
The drug companies knew that once Quebec got drug discounts, the rest of the provinces would want a similar deal. And that would start a cascade, with private insurance plans and people with no drug insurance also demanding lower prices.
In the end, Quebec didn't have to resort to making companies compete with each for the lowest price. The generic companies blinked. They voluntarily lowered their prices. And for the first time they published the true prices — which are normally kept confidential, so that no one is certain what anyone else is paying.
“Just the threat of tendering made all generics manufacturers get together and say ‘OK we agree to reduce prices by 38 per cent across the board,'” said Gagnon.
“Whether they are covered under a public/provincial drug plan or an employer-sponsored drug plan or if they have no drug plan at all — the new prices apply to them,” said Jeff Connell, vice-president of corporate affairs for the Canadian Generic Pharmaceutical Association.
So what do the generic drug companies get in return for dropping their prices? They don't have to worry about being forced to compete with each other during the five years that the deal is in place.
“We know what the rules are, we know what the prices are … so that's important,” Connell said.
But are we getting the lowest prices possible for these 70 drugs? Not compared to New Zealand which is noted for its skill at squeezing the lowest prices out of drug companies with its competitive bidding process, although there are drawbacks.
When we compared the new Canadian prices with New Zealand's list, we found many examples where Canadians will still pay two to 10 times more than the New Zealand government under its universal drug plan.
All of that suggests that prices are lower when companies are forced to compete and submit tenders. And that's why generic companies will probably blink again in five years when the new deal expires.
Here's how some of the Canadian and New Zealand drug prices compare under the new deal:
Generic Drug Condition New Canadian Price/100 pills New Zealand Price/100 pills Atorvastatin 80mg High cholesterol $ 23.42 $ 6.58 Cdn Amlodipine 5mg Blood pressure/Heart disease $ 13.43 $ 1.21 Cdn Metformin 850mg Diabetes – Type 2 $ 3.39 $ 1.42 Cdn Candesartan 32mg Blood pressure $ 22.81 $ 10.75 Cdn Olanzapine 10mg Depression/Schizophrenia $ 70.88 $ 5.35 Cdn Finasteride 5mg Prostate Enlargement $ 41.38 $ 4.37 Cdn
A college diploma in ‘pseudoscience?'
By Kelly Crowe
In a Canadian first, Ontario students will soon be able to graduate with a three-year advanced diploma in homeopathy from a publicly funded community college — Georgian College, in Barrie, Ont.
And those graduates can go on to become licensed homeopathy practitioners, now that Ontario has created an official College of Homeopaths to govern the profession the way doctors and other health professionals are regulated.
“It is really problematic on so many levels. Homeopathy is clearly nonsense. It is scientifically absurd,” said University of Alberta professor Timothy Caulfield, who has studied and written about homeopathy in Canada.
Georgian College in Ontario says now that homeopathy is a regulated health profession, it is offering a three-year diploma in the field. (aga7ta/Shutterstock)
Homeopathy is based on a scientifically implausible premise — the belief that a mysterious water memory can cure disease. To prepare homeopathic therapies, water is exposed to a substance — a plant, a mineral or a chemical — and then diluted until there are no remaining traces of the substance.
But practitioners believe the “memory” remains, even though there is no molecular evidence for this. Then that water is sprayed on sugar pellets and sold as a remedy for a wide range of diseases — from colds to cancer.
Anything that confers credibility on the practice of homeopathy can cause scientists to tear at their hair in frustration.
And the news that Ontario's Ministry of Advanced Learning has approved a three-year advanced diploma in what most scientists consider quackery sent an apoplectic Caulfield to Twitter to start the debate.
“To have a government-funded institution legitimize it is really disappointing,” Caulfield said.
Georgian College's Homeopathy Advanced Diploma program was deemed eligible for provincial operating funding, and homeopathy students will be able to access student loans and grants through the Ontario Student Assistance Program.
“When assessing programs for funding, the ministry considers labour market demand, student demand and alignment with the institution's Strategic Mandate Agreement,” ministry spokesperson Tanya Blazina told CBC News in an email.
‘It is the definition of pseudoscience, it is the definition of bunk.'
– Timothy Caulfield, University of Alberta
In Ontario, homeopathy became a licensed profession in 2015 — a move that was also controversial because there were concerns it would legitimize the practice. And apparently it has. The ministry requires that the college ensure that its programs are compliant with the regulatory body in question.
Georgian College's dean of health, wellness and sciences Fay Lim Lambie said, now that it's a licensed profession, the college has decided to start training young homeopaths.
“Because this is a regulated health field, we need to ensure our students will have the preparation necessary to become practitioners in the field with competent knowledge, skills and judgment,” she told CBC News.
But it's training in what has been called a “scientifically bankrupt notion.”
“It is the definition of pseudoscience, it is the definition of bunk,” said Caulfield.
Yet some Canadian scientists are actively testing the theory on patients in clinical trials.
At the University of Toronto's school of pharmacy, there's a study looking at the effect of homeopathy on ADHD — a trial so controversial that 90 scientists sent an open letter to Heather Boon, the dean of pharmacy, asking her to stop the research.
“I'm highly skeptical that our study will show that the pills have a benefit, but until we have the results I need to keep an open mind,” Boon told CBC News.
At McMaster University in Hamilton, infectious diseases researcher Mark Loeb is testing homeopathic vaccines to see if they cause an immune response in healthy volunteers.
“Our hypothesis is that these homeopathic vaccines will not show any impact on the immune system,” Loeb told CBC News. “We're doing it in an unbiased manner, a placebo-controlled trial.”
At Sick Kids Hospital in Toronto, a study into whether homeopathic remedies could relieve fatigue in children undergoing chemotherapy was attempted. But because the hospital refused to allow homeopaths to approach patients, and because so many parents refused to co-operate, the study was deemed unfeasible.
At Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre in Toronto, researchers tried to test homeopathic pills placed under the tongues of people on ventilators to see if that would reduce the amount of phlegm in their lungs. The trial was terminated due to slow recruitment.
Health Canada licenses homeopathy under its natural products directorate, although it has ordered some labelling changes to prevent certain health claims, particularly on children's products.
In the U.S., homeopathy labels must carry blunt warnings that there's no scientific evidence and that the claims are based on theories “not accepted by most modern medical experts.”
Still, the market for homeopathy is booming. It's now a $ 3-billion industry that the FDA warns “exposes more patients to potential risks associated with the proliferation of unproven, untested products and unsubstantiated health claims.”
Recipe for an advocacy campaign: Just add media and stir things up
By Kelly Crowe
Here at Second Opinion we try to pull back the curtain to show how the health news machine operates. And this week we stumbled upon an interesting case study.
It involves a drug company, a public relations firm and a patient advocacy group. The objective? Using the media to call on governments to pay for an expensive new high-dose flu vaccine for seniors over 65.
Second Opinion looked into a public relations campaign calling on governments to fund a new flu vaccine for seniors. (enterlinedesign/Shutterstock )
We received several emails from a representative at Environics PR suggesting that we do a story about the need for free publicly funded access to the vaccine.
“To learn more on what seniors and governments can do,” the PR firm offered to arrange interviews with two people: a doctor and a spokesperson from CARP, the advocacy group for seniors.
But the actual client was not named. Who was paying Environics to operate this publicity campaign? We wrote back to ask.
Erin MacFarlane of Environics PR responded in an email: “We're working with Sanofi Pasteur on this and partnering with CARP.” When we looked it up, we discovered that Sanofi Pasteur is the company that makes the high-dose flu vaccine.
When we asked why Sanofi Pasteur's name wasn't mentioned, we learned that we were expected to connect the dots ourselves.
“The high-dose flu vaccine was mentioned in my email and Sanofi is the company that manufactures it,” MacFarlane replied.
‘We are fully transparent about the fact that we have commercial relationships'
– Wanda Morris, vice-president of advocacy, CARP
Sanofi Pasteur confirmed in an email that “the current media campaign [is] a Sanofi Pasteur program around this important public health issue.”
“Sanofi Pasteur provided an unrestricted educational grant to CARP in support of a program focusing on the impact of influenza on seniors and associated preventative measures,” the company wrote.
Over at CARP, Wanda Morris, the vice-president of advocacy, said the group accepted the Sanofi Pasteur grant because “we think there's real potential for lives to be saved and suffering to be alleviated so that aligns with our overall mission and priorities of advocating for the best possible health care and financial security for older Canadians.”
“We are fully transparent about the fact that we have commercial relationships,” Morris said.
In the original pitch to CBC, Environics also offered to arrange an interview with Dr. William Dalziel, an Ottawa gerontologist.
Dalziel said his involvement started at a Sanofi Pasteur advisory board last June. An Environics representative was there and asked if he would be part of the media campaign. He agreed.
“Environics called me and said would I be interested in media interviews and I said sure. It's a great vaccine and needs to be given to every Canadian over 65.”
And when Environics asked him to write a newspaper letter to the editor calling on all of the provinces to offer the new high-dose vaccine, he also agreed.
He said he received no payment for media interviews or for writing the letter to the editor that appeared in the Toronto Star and in the Prairie edition of The Globe and Mail. But he did receive an honorarium for attending Sanofi Pasteur's advisory committee meeting in June.
“I don't want compensation. I just want to do good,” he said.
We asked another doctor for a second opinion about the new high-dose flu vaccine.
Dr. Iris Gorfinkel said she already recommends it to her elderly patients without any prompting from the drug company.
“It is a superior vaccination,” she said, adding it is too expensive for some of her patients. The retail price of the vaccine is about $ 80.
“It's a lot of money for a senior. Seniors are on very fixed and strict budgets.”
What about the Environics PR campaign to advocate for government funding?
“There should have been disclosure right from the beginning,” Dr. Gorfinkel said. “It hurts when it comes out later that there's funding being received.”
“Sanofi Pasteur did not request its name be kept off the email communication,” the company told CBC News. “There was no intent from Sanofi Pasteur or Environics to hide Sanofi Pasteur's involvement from this communication as the high-dose influenza vaccine was mentioned in the email.”
So far Ontario has announced it will pay for the high-dose vaccine next year. And Manitoba is already covering it for seniors in long-term care facilities.
Let's block ads! (Why?)
CBC | Health News
WINNIPEG – More than a dozen puppies stole the first show of the year on Global News Morning on Monday.
The puppies are from a rescued dog who was brought to Winnipeg from Rankin Inlet, Nunavut.
“Their mom was very pregnant so we flew her down and the vets actually told us that she would not be able to give birth, that there were too many puppies inside,” Vanessa Chernick from CAARE Rescue said.
All eight puppies are healthy and waiting at CAARE in Winnipeg for a family to join.
“They are eight weeks old and they are ready to find their forever home so we're starting to take applications now,” Chernick said.
On Mondays, Global News Morning will feature different abandoned pets around the city who need to find homes.
See Spray is a new gallery and art shop opening to the public at 153-154 Queens Road on June 4.
The aim is to bring original contemporary art to Hastings and to engage the local community with creative and fun workshops and events for all ages and abilities.
Curator Ella Matthews said: “We aim to be affordable, inclusive, innovative and community minded.
“We will include work in varied styles and mediums including but not limited to Urban, Street, Pop, Psychedelic, Hyperrealistic, Graphic and Modern art, in paintings, collage, print, photography and sculpture.
“We can offer space for the community to engage in artistic pursuits through the use of the large open plan public space and shop downstairs, and shop floor/community space upstairs.
“We will have six to seven solo shows a year on one side of the gallery, a collection of varied artists including local talent in the ongoing group show on the opposite side of the gallery, as well as gift ideas such as prints, art books and greeting cards, and good-quality art supplies for local artists.
“Hastings has always been full of artistic talent but there is a lack of space for local art enthusiasts and artists to come together, create, talk about and display their work.
“ We are excited to be able to provide room to do so. This project is the first of its kind and we hope to get the local community involved as well as attract attention from the wider art scene.'
The first solo show will be by local artist Tom Bartlett. His satirical and thought-provoking collages have been snapped up by collectors for the last 20 years. Other artists on board include John Hurford, a psychedelic artist who has been painting prolifically since the 60s, award-winning artist Alexandra Gallagher, whose work has been shown internationally including at the Saatchi Gallery, and Sue Tilley, a local artist who was immortalised in a painting by Lucien Freud that made history by becoming the most expensive work of art ever sold by a living artist.
Ella continued: “Prices start at £2.50 for a colourful greetings card to £8000 for an original painting, all contemporary art lovers will find something looks great on their walls and will start many a conversation.”
When asked by TimesLIVE how the late payout had affected her‚ Mfusi broke down and cried.
"Things were bad! I had to borrow money from people to come here... I don't want to talk about this anymore. This has really hurt me!" she said.
Unfortunately Mfusi is not the only one who feels this way. Technical glitches relating to the change of distributor from CPS to the SA Post Office have affected the payout of grants‚ leaving many other beneficiaries in a desperate situation.
An ongoing strike by Public Service Association (PSA) members at Sassa has made thing even worse.
One woman‚ who did not want to be named‚ said all the grants for her three children were R10 short. This she felt was "really unfair".
Norman Mthembu‚ 68‚ of Tladi in Soweto explained how desperate things had become due to Sassa's late payout. "Things at home were really bad. By the time the month ended‚ we had absolutely nothing. Everything was finished. We didn't even have salt! The shops that I owe started to call us. I was already scared that Eskom would switch off the electricity.
“Fortunately‚ I got the money in the morning yesterday‚" said Mthembu while queuing to get a new Sassa card.
"They really failed us with their new system. It was dismal failure. The old system was better. I've never come here and not got my money!" he said.
ERBIL, Iraq: The declining effectiveness of Islamic State attacks against Iraqi forces in eastern Mosul suggests the militants are starting to run out of resources with the campaign in its third month, a U.S. general told Reuters.
Since the U.S.-backed offensive began on Oct. 17, elite troops have retaken a quarter of the city in the biggest ground operation in Iraq since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein. Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has said the group will be driven out of the country by April.
The second phase of the campaign, launched last week following nearly a month of deadlock, has pushed Islamic State out of several more areas in eastern Mosul despite fierce resistance. Iraqi forces have yet to enter the west.
"They've got a finite amount of resource that are on the eastern side and the fact that their capability is waning indicates that those resources are starting to dwindle," U.S. Army Major General Joseph Martin, head of ground forces for the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State, told Reuters on Sunday.
"I see the commanders' reporting coming in and I see the exquisiteness of their SVBIED (suicide vehicle borne improvised explosive device) system, the sophistication of their SVBIEDs continuing to get lower and lower, the boom of the different IEDs continuing to have a lower yield - all tell me that the enemy's capacity is diminishing over time. We see that as a positive indicator," he said in a phone interview from Baghdad.
Daily suicide attacks and roadside bombs, along with snipers and mortars, have been the most lethal Islamic State tactics in resisting the 100,000-strong Iraqi force.
Despite being pushed back in Mosul, the militants have continued to launch deadly bomb attacks in other parts of the country, including at least twice in the heavily fortified capital Baghdad over the past three days.
An arms monitoring group said last month that the militants had been producing weapons on a scale and sophistication that matched national military forces and had standardised production. The technical precision of their work means it could not be described as "improvised" weapons production, it said in a report.
Martin, who took up his post in mid-November, said it was difficult to know how much ordnance Islamic State has stockpiled in Mosul.
"They've had two years to prepare for this defence and so I don't know how much stuff they have stored inside mosques, inside of schools, inside of hospitals," he said.
The coalition shelled a mortar tube on Sunday located between two schools in eastern Mosul, and last week hit a van carrying Islamic State fighters in a hospital parking lot, possibly incurring civilian casualties.
Martin said the militants were regularly using municipal facilities for military means, including transporting weapons in ambulances.
"As they lose capacity, they never cease to amaze me at the level they will take their despicability. They have done some things during the course of this campaign that I thought, 'It surely can't get any worse than that'," he said.
URBAN TERRAIN
The coalition has bombed all five bridges connecting east and west Mosul, forcing Islamic State to transport casualties across the Tigris River by boat.
Along with Iraq's air force, the coalition is striking some militant positions in the west but for now, Martin said, "our focus principally is on the east side".
He said the Mosul campaign was on track, but "in terms of timeline, we're on Iraqi time. This is going to take some time."
Iraqi forces made initial quick advances in outlying towns and villages which Islamic State had mostly emptied of civilians. But progress slowed as they entered built-up areas of Mosul where they must use caution to avoid civilian casualties.
Islamic State has used the terrain to its advantage, concealing car bombs in narrow alleys, posting snipers on tall buildings with civilians on lower floors, and constructing underground tunnels and surface-level passageways between buildings to avoid detection.
Individual fighters have staged attacks in "liberated" areas which Iraqi forces have struggled to clear fully.
Martin compared Mosul to the American city of Philadelphia, with a civilian population of about 1.8 million and almost 3,000 km (1,900 miles) of roads.
"There's in excess of 200,000 buildings," he said. "Let's say that there are six rooms in each building ... That's 1.2 million rooms that they've got to contend with and make sure that are clear. That's 1.2 million rooms that they've got to discriminate between the enemy and the civilians that live there."
(Reporting by Stephen Kalin; Editing by Alison Williams)
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) — The Grand Rapids Police Department has opened an internal investigation after an 11-year-old girl was held at gunpoint by officers, handcuffed and then thrown in the back of a cruiser.
“It made me feel scared and it made me feel like I did something wrong,” 11-year-old Honestie Hodges told 24 Hour News 8 Monday.
The incident happened Wednesday. Honestie, a student at Stocking Elementary, was leaving though the back door of her home on Turner Avenue near Richmond Street NW to go to the store when she was confronted by officers.
“They had police cars over on this street, they had police cars all along the ally,” Honestie said.
Honestie and her mother said officers ordered the girl to walk backwards with her hands up, then put her in cuffs, patted her down and put her in the back of a cop car.
“The whole time they are telling her to come down, I'm telling them, ‘She's 11 years old. That's my daughter. Don't cuff her,'” Honestie's mom Whitney Hodges said.
GRPD admits officers cuffed Honestie anyway, along with detaining two women who had exited the house with her.
“When my mom was walking past, I was putting my hands through the little bars, banging on the windows, screaming, ‘Please don't let them take me,'” Honestie remembered.
GRPD was at the home looking for the girl's aunt, Carrie Manning, who was wanted for allegedly stabbing her little sister at a home a few blocks away and was believed to be armed with a knife. Manning is a 40-year-old white woman.
In a Monday night release, GRPD said officers detained the women and Honestie because it had not yet been determined that none of them were the suspect and that they weren't armed.
Officers got permission to search the house. GRPD said the suspect wasn't there, but she was later found at another home and arrested on charges of assault with intent to murder and resisting and obstructing arrest, as well as an outstanding warrant. The person she was accused of stabbing was treated at the hospital and released.
But Honestie is still scared.
“I'm afraid to open or go near my back door,” Honestie said. “Because of what happened.”
When asked what she would want to tell police, she replied, “I'm just wondering why they did that to me.”
GRPD says an internal investigation was launched the day after the incident, sparked by a complaint from Honestie's family. The agency said it would not comment further until that investigation is complete.
“I wanted to be a detective or police officer, but now I don't want anything to do with this kind of things,” Honestie said.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
A Saudi referee who has admitted soliciting a bribe has been deselected from 2018 World Cup duty, the FIFA Referees Committee confirmed on Wednesday.
The 32-year-old Fahad al-Mirdasi refereed games at the Rio Olympics in 2016 and the 2017 Confederations Cup and had been set to oversee World Cup games in Russia.
“Mr. Fahad al-Mirdasi is withdrawn with immediate effect,” a FIFA statement said.
As referees at the 2018 World Cup were selected in teams of three, Mirdasi's two assistants Mohammed al-Abakry and Abdulah al-Shalwai are also deselected, the FIFA Referees Committee said.
Two weeks ago Mirdasi was given a lifetime ban in Saudi Arabia after admitting soliciting a bribe from a Saudi club, according to the Saudi Football Federation.
Mirdasi had been scheduled to oversee Saudi's King's Cup final earlier this month but was suddenly replaced a few hours before kick-off.
I have seen some guys who work for the Government of Kenya, or who benefit directly from the government lecture the Kenyan media how to do their job. I would keep quiet were it not that their arguments are so idiotic and only care for which side of their bread is buttered.
To this class of people, the media is only objective when Jeff Koinange conducts interviews that are openly biased and disrespectful of the opposition. To this class of people, the media is only objective if Jackline Maribe goes to State House to take selfies with your ‘cool' and ‘humble' president. To this class of people, the media is only good when they have been paid to showcase the wonders of the SGR.
And then, there is a class of Kenyans who have never bought a newspaper, even if it is to read David Ndii or Constitutional Lawyer Wachira Maina, or Sunny Bindra, or Rev David Oginde, or Boniface Mwangi, or Peter Kagwanja, or whoever they fancy that speaks for their party. They yap about how ‘Githeri' the Kenyan media is, you will think the Kenyan media is the most incompetent in the world, when this class has no working knowledge on how the media operates.
The Kenyan media is not above criticism, and often we have failed short of the public expectations. Often, I have watched Jeff Koinange or Julie Gichuru (before she retired), act so openly biased, that it was embarrassing. Often, I have seen Larry Madowo lose his head, quite unnecessarily. Often, I have seen half-baked stories, especially done by Citizen and K24, about the Fish for Sex stories from Lake Victoria, for the umpteen time and I usually feel like driving to Limuru to switch off the transmitters.
But despite everything, I still rate the Kenyan media highly. We try. Any media house, always tries. Even in the days we had KBC as the only source of news, beyond telling us what Moi had for breakfast and which church he attended, they still went out of their ways to bring us news. If you look beyond the so-called biased reporting, there is always something that you can take home.
Most of you don't understand what it takes to run a media house.
Media business is very expensive. The Kenyan economy is very weak contrary to the forecasts that IMF and World Bank often give.
Now. Your president can't hide his disdain for the media. When he came to power, he famously called the newspapers as only good for wrapping meat. And you all fell in love with it. That one dismissal achieved so much in blinding you with so much bias, that even when newspapers reported that NYS was haemorrhaging, so much money, you thought they were lying because newspapers only wrap meat. Even when overwhelming evidence was presented, and Ann Waiguru had to quit, you still went ahead and made her a governor of a county. But will you say the media didn't do its job?
We exposed the scandals at the Ministry of Health, that even led to the suspension of donor money. USAID stopped funding the Ministry of Health to the tune of Sh 60 billion. We questioned the deaths of Jacob Juma, George Muchai, and everything that we could do, report and investigate, we have.
There is always room for improvement, but to tell us that we don't do our job is being stupid. Come on man.
We have a government that pays billions to British PR firms and Cambridge Analytica. Any charismatic leader or anyone who relies so much on PR firms is a fatally flawed person, who will not take any criticism. Such a person is so thin-skinned that rather than take the criticism and improve, would rather fight back. See what Trump has been doing. Discrediting the media, even some of his biggest fans, mostly the poor white don't understand how his tax policies will hurt them.
Back to Kenya, our economy is very weak, as I said. Very weak. For the longest time, newspapers and the TV stations got at least 20-30 of their revenue from the government. But some functionaries in the government saw to it that they can use this to arm-twist the media to have a favourable coverage, even when some Sh 100 billion (or is it 200 billion) disappears without a trace in the name of the Eurobond. That is why the media often could be tactically neutral with the government, but even when you want to hide anything from the public, you can't look the other way when hairstylists are loaning their friends Sh 60 million from NYS without any collateral.
But anyway, the government decided to withdraw the advertising and the result is people are being sacked left, right and center from media houses. It is worse that business is so bad, so other than betting and gambling companies, it is hard for media houses to sustain themselves. You stopped buying newspapers and you want everything on the cheap.
Media schools and the education sector are chronically underfunded, even training kids to be good reporters is not an easy job, that is why the level of reporting sometimes is not up to par. But we do try given the circumstances.
If you cheer the media being subdued to submission, you will live to regret when they come for you. The government is not only targeting the opposition, they are targeting Kenyans and want Kenyans to live in blissful ignorance even as the prices of basic stuff shoot through the roof, as the government scavenges for money to pay the debt we took to sate the rapacious appetite for money for the government officials.
If you are decent human being, criticize the media objectively, point out the mistakes, the media always is ready to take criticism, and improve.
But don't throw the bath-water out with the baby to appease your masters.
The Sampdoria midfielder is said to be on the brink of a move to the Gunners this summer.
That's as new Arsenal manager Unai Emery looks to overhaul his squad.
Torreira is thought to have agreed a move to the Emirates but has yet to undergo his medical at the club.
And Arsenal hero Pires was impressed with his display for Uruguay.
He said: “I like Torreira a lot. I was surprised by his performance.
Are they different from the Tea Party that amorphous grassroots organization of conservatives that took the nation by a storm?
These are two of the questions to be discussed today when I interview via Facebook and Twitter Live, renowned sociologist and author, Arlie Russell Hochchild.
Hochchild is a professor at University of California Berkeley, a hotbed of liberalism. She also spent five years in the conservative dark red state of Louisiana to understand the feelings of the Tea Party-oriented voters. So, how does she view these people, many who came out in swarm for Trump?
Here is a quote from a recent Washington Post article:
“You could see brows knit up. One woman said I was her first Democratic friend. I met another woman who said, ‘I love Rush Limbaugh,' and I said, ‘I would love to talk to you about that.' It came out that when she was listening to him she liked that he was defending her against criticisms from liberals. That reversed the picture [of him] to me from accuser to defender. There is tremendous power to open up a cultural space for respectfulness. I was out fishing with a man, and there we were, and he says to me, ‘You know, I think our leaders are trying to divide us. If we just get together, we'll find much more in common than we think there is.' I found a bridge in our ways of thinking that I never would have discovered without laying down an emotional carpet that we could tread, of trust that we're not going to be disparaged.
Watch the interview either on Facebook or Twitter Live or on Bayoubuzz.com at 12:00 noon CST.
If you have a question or comment, you can call in:
Or Telephone:
Dial: +1 646 558 8656 (US Toll) or +1 408 638 0968 (US Toll)
Meeting ID: 628 333 197
Sjostrom, Le Clos, Hosszu Over 6 Figure Earnings After Doha World Cup Chad le Clos and Katinka Hosszu each won $50,000 bonuses in Cluster 2 to join Sarah Sjostrom with six figures of prize money earnings so far.
Hosszu Wins World Cup Cluster 2 By 3 Points Over Sjostrom The second cluster of the World Cup was a nailbiter on the women's side, with Katinka Hosszu eking out a win by just 3 points over Sarah Sjostrom. That 3-point margin translates to a $15,000 difference in cluster bonuses.
Day 2 Doha Finals: Hosszu Goes 3-For-3 To Gain Ground On Sjostrom Hungary's Katinka Hosszu claimed a trio of victories on night 2 in Doha, taking the 100m back, 100m IM and 400m IM.
FINA World Cup Doha Day 2 Prelims Recap Hungary's Katinka Hosszu warmed up this morning and will tackle the 100m back, 100m IM and the 400m IM tonight in Doha.
Wang Jianjiahe Of China Clocks 800 Free SC World Junior Record 15-year-old Wang Jianjiahe of China established the first short course World Junior Record in the women's 800m freestyle with her victory in Doha tonight.
World Cup Doha Day 1: Sjostrom Triples, Le Clos Takes Back 200 Fly Swedish superstar Sarah Sjostrom further distanced herself from the overall FINA World Cup series field with 3 big wins in Doha on night 1.
FINA World Cup Doha Day 1 Prelims: Stars' Warm-up Swims Completed Vlad Morozov was just one of the high-profile athletes in the water this morning getting some racing in before finals tonight in Doha.
According to the project design paper, the Car-Free Zone will accommodate facilities, “which welcome all-people regardless of gender, age, …
Rwead more
AP
The Bills remain concerned about T Cordy Glenn‘s foot.
The Dolphins are pleased with what they've seen from their rookie defensive linemen.
A look at how the Patriots roster is shaping up.
Jets LB Frank Beltre is trying to become the first player born in the Dominican Republic to play in the NFL.
LB Matthew Judon says he isn't fazed by the prospect of taking over for Elvis Dumervil in the Ravens defense.
A look at some of the tough roster decisions the Bengals will face this summer.
Browns WR Corey Coleman is on track for a major role on offense.
S Jordan Dangerfield heard a lot from coach Mike Tomlin during Sunday's Steelers practice.
The Texans feel they have good depth at center.
The Andrew Luck-less Colts got shaky quarterback play on Sunday.
Corey Grant‘s workload should go up if Jaguars RB Leonard Fournette continues to miss time.
Titans RB DeMarco Murray and WR Corey Davis are still making their way back from hamstring trouble.
Broncos CB Chris Harris had an interception return for a touchdown last Thursday and expects more as the season unfolds.
WR Chris Conley played deep threat at Chiefs practice.
LB LaTroy Lewis‘ two sacks on Saturday caught the eye of Raiders coaches.
It was a new stadium, but a familiar result when Chargers QB Philip Rivers threw to TE Antonio Gates.
Rookie DE Taco Charlton hopes to get more done in the Cowboys' next preseason outing.
The Giants weren't happy with their running game in the preseason opener.
Some impressions from CB Ronald Darby‘s first Eagles practice.
A few takeaways from the Redskins' final training camp practice.
Bears G Kyle Long may not play in the preseason.
First-round pick Jarrad Davis had a quiet debut as a Lions linebacker.
WR Geronimo Allison is seeing special teams time with the Packers.
Vikings RB Dalvin Cook feels he's right where he needs to be.
WR Julio Jones is seeing more time on the field at Falcons practices.
Panthers CB James Bradberry had a strong training camp.
LB Alex Anzalone is showing the Saints he can provide pass coverage.
Running through how the Buccaneers performed in their first preseason outing.
LB Josh Bynes was an active part of the Cardinals defense on Saturday night.
Said Rams WR Cooper Kupp of Sammy Watkins, “I can't wait to get on the field with him. He's an incredible athlete, incredible football player.”
49ers coach Kyle Shanahan is getting used to life in the top job.
Seahawks CB Shaquil Griffin was happy after starting his first NFL preseason game.
Rev. Fr. George Ehusani has advised Nigerians, particularly Christians, to reduce their quest for material goods and focus on serving God.
Ehusani, who is the Chaplain of the Lux Terra Leadership Foundation Chapel in Apo, Abuja, made the call on Monday in Abuja.
According to Ehusani, a truly transformed Christian will be detached from material things and focus more on ensuring that the less privileged in the society has the basic needs.
“It is over attachment to material goods that leads to anxiety, high blood pressure and depression, particularly in a recession such as the country is experiencing at the moment.
“When Christians are truly transformed, they will realise that God created them not to acquire big houses, prestigious positions or fancy cars but to serve him.”
While emphasising the need for Christians to pray for the country, he called on government to live up to its responsibilities by providing good governance to the citizens.
He said that complaining without evolving workable solutions to problems would not get the country out of its present situation.
He advised Nigerians to make extra efforts to be peacemakers in 2017 and not contribute in fanning the flames of disunity.
SEOUL: Hyundai Motor and affiliate Kia Motors on Monday forecast global sales to rebound in 2017 by a stronger-than-expected 5 percent, after posting their first annual sales fall in nearly two decades last year.
Sales could get a lift this year with emerging markets such as Russia stabilising, and with Hyundai and Kia Motors gearing up to boost supply to the United States and China, analysts said.
But margins could come under pressure as the South Korean duo - which together rank fifth in global sales - plan to add capacity in China and Mexico, just as many analysts expect those markets and the United States to slow.
"With the global economy continuing its low growth, trade protectionism spreading and competition intensifying in the automobile industry, uncertainty is growing more than ever," Hyundai Motor Group Chairman Chung Mong-koo said in his New Year message to employees.
The 78-year-old chief said the automakers will launch more than 10 new models every year, including a new SUV for advanced markets and a Genesis G70 sedan this year.
The projected 5 percent rise in global sales for 2017 to 8.25 million vehicles easily beats the 1.9 percent rise forecast earlier by Hyundai Motor Group's own think-tank.
"The 2017 goal is slightly higher than my projection," said Ko Tae-bong, an auto analyst at Hi Investment & Securities.
RISING COMPETITION
Hyundai Motor likely clocked its fourth straight annual profit decline in 2016. Sales were hit by its sedan-heavy line-up, which meant it missed a boom in SUV demand, and sluggish emerging markets.
Hyundai Motor sold 4.86 million vehicles compared with its target of 5.01 million last year. Kia Motors sold 3.02 million vehicles, shy of its goal of 3.12 million.
Hyundai Motor is now targeting 2017 global sales of 5.08 million vehicles, while its smaller affiliate set its goal at 3.17 million vehicles.
Kia Motors Vice Chairman Lee Hyong-keun warned of tough competition in the year ahead.
"Rivals are expected to launch a full-blown assault based on their cost competitiveness," he said in a speech to employees.
Hyundai Motor shares ended up 2.7 percent on Monday and Kia Motors stocks were up 0.6 percent in a flat wider market.
Hyundai Motor shares fell for a third straight year in 2016, down 2 percent, while Kia Motors was the worst-performing stock among major carmakers with a 25 percent slump.
Executives paid the price for Hyundai Motor's rough year. The automaker's top U.S. executive resigned and the South Korea sales chief and China head were replaced.
(Reporting by Hyunjoo Jin and Se Young Lee; Editing by Stephen Coates)
Usually, you would only be able to pause, rewind, and fast forward a live TV show as it's being recorded on dual tuner DVR devices. But guess what, Plex is giving this feature to those who use the Plex app for Android TV and mobile phones.
So if you're watching live TV from the Plex app over the holidays, know that you can now watch the same show while it is being recorded. So if you missed the first few minutes of your favorite TV show, you can rest in the fact that it is being recorded – much like what a DVR does. But you can now actually watch the said show – either start from the beginning or right up to where it is being shown live.
Also, within that recorded part, you can now play, pause, rewind to a certain part, or move past any part you want. You can have you own instant replay of that goal Cristiano Ronaldo just got in the game – rewind to your heart's content – or fast forward over cringe-y moments in that reality TV show you're watching.
These features are available for those who have availed of the Plex Pass. You also need to update your app to the latest version to get these features.
SOURCE: Plex
The Osun State Coordinator, National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), Mr Emmanuel Attah, has advised corps members participating in the state governorship election to resist being used by politicians to achieve selfish goals.
The coordinator gave the advice in Osogbo on Wednesday at the 45th anniversary of NYSC.
Attah noted that the political tempo in the state was gathering momentum as the September 22 governorship election draws nearer.
He, therefore, advised corps members that would participate in the election to carry out their duties without being partisan.
While reiterating President Muhammadu Buhari's saying that he belongs to no one and belongs to everyone, Attah said the NYSC was apolitical.
“The NYSC, as far as electoral process is concerned, we belong to nobody, we belong to everybody, we are apolitical.
“NYSC is a neutral body in the electoral process and we have over the years being in different elections, given great credibility to the Nigerian elections.
“We will continue to advise our corps members that would be participating in the elections to be neutral, to defend the name of their families, their names and most importantly the NYSC.
“I want the corps members to maintain the good name and credibility of the corps, so Nigerians can have faith in the ability of NYSC participation in electoral process.
“We have confidence in our corps members but I will equally enjoin them and youths generally not to be used by politicians to cause havoc or any electoral violence,” he said.
He equally urged politicians in the state not to entice or intimidate corps members before, during and after the election.
Speaking on NYSC's celebration, Attah said the corps would carry out sensitisation walk, cleaning of motor parks and markets, and rendering medical services free of charge to people in rural communities.
He thanked Governor Rauf Aregbesola for paying state allowances to the corps members and commended the people for the love and hospitality shown to the corps members serving in the state.
It's not surprising that Aerie would tap some of its #AerieReal Role Models —Aly Raisman, Iskra Lawrence, and Yara Shahidi—to star in its latest swim campaign. What's special (and deeply personal) about the brand new lookbook, though, is the additional talent it booked: their mothers.
Timing the photos to Mother's Day, Aerie asked its Role Models to bring their moms to set with them, having them pose for sweet, intimate photos in the brand's swim and apparel offerings.
Pinterest PHOTO: Andrew Buda/Aerie
Lawrence appeared alongside her mother, Wilma (above); Shahidi modeled with her mom, Keri (below). Raisman, however, made it a true family affair, inviting her younger sister Chloe to also participate in the shoot.
Pinterest PHOTO: Andrew Buda/Aerie
"I thought they both did such a great job of just being confident in their own skin," the 23-year-old Olympian tells to Glamour. "The whole day was all about having fun rather than what we looked like, as everyday should be!"
"The campaign messaging is all about being confident in your own skin and celebrating the influence your role models have played in your life, so it was extra meaningful to have them involved," Raisman adds.
Pinterest PHOTO: Andrew Buda/Aerie
Raisman says her mother has always been a source of strength and inspiration for her—one that was especially important to her when she was testifying against Larry Nassar , the disgraced former USA Gymnastics doctor, earlier this year.
"My mom came with me to the sentencing in court because I wanted her there," the 23-year-old recalls. "She rarely travels with me unless I feel that I really want her there for support. Having my mom there for me makes me feel so much better—she always has my back. People will not always support you along the way, so having my mom there [in court] meant a lot to me."
Raisman's mother was also instrumental in helping the athlete develop her voice and use her platform to advocate for change. "My mom always told me that character is most important," she says. "When I was younger, she always said she'd rather me have character and be kind than be first place—this especially rings true to what's going on right now…. She always encourages me to speak up when something isn't right, and is also speaking up publicly as well. I'm proud and appreciative that my mom is so passionate about fixing this disaster that happened. She is helping us put the pieces together."
"Gold medals don't make abuse OK—nothing does," Raisman continues. "Abuse is never OK. It's not easy speaking up, but it's so important because no one should ever be treated badly, ever. Abuse should never be tolerated."
Pinterest PHOTO: Andrew Buda/Aerie
Raisman's sister Chloe, meanwhile, is about to head out to college—and she feels a responsibility to advocate for her and her peers too. "It's really important to me to try and teach her lessons I've learned along the way [by speaking out], in hopes that it helps her as well," she says. "[Chloe] inspires me to not only speak up for the gymnastics community but also for all the college students who do not feel heard."
Through Aerie, Raisman has continued her advocacy for sexual assault survivors by designing a one-piece swimsuit that gives back to Darkness to Light , a nonprofit organization working to prevent child sexual abuse. "Everyone is a survivor of something—we're all battling something," she says. "Let's talk about it. It's OK to not be OK." Through this partnership, she's bringing attention to some of the resources available through Darkness to Light, including a free course called #FliptheSwitch , which teaches adults how to protect children in sports from sexual abuse. (Upon completion, you get a certificate signed by Raisman herself.) "Everyone can make a difference, and it starts with you being a leader in your community and taking the much-needed initiative," she adds.
Loading View on Instagram
"Aerie supports me and the survivors and has done so from the very beginning," Raisman says. "It's hard to find brands that genuinely care, but Aerie is one of the few and is helping me advocate for change…. Aerie constantly encourages us to be the best version of ourselves and not compare ourselves to others."
Over the past year Raisman has become more cognizant of her platform and how she can utilize it to effect change. "Using your voice to speak up for the right thing is so important—it's not easy and people may not agree with it, but that's why change is so desperately needed," she says. And there's more work to be done: "Sexual abuse is everywhere, no matter the industry. The 'Me Too' movement is far from over—we're just getting started by using our voices."
Related Stories:
Aerie's Three Newest 'Role Models' Are Also Our Role Models
Nina Agdal Spoke Out About Body-Shaming in Fashion—and It Landed Her a New Campaign
Olympic Medalist Aly Raisman to Her Alleged Sexual Abuser: 'You Are Nothing'
The Ottawa Senators looked to be in complete control against the Boston Bruins on Monday night, racing out a three-goal lead early in the third period before letting it slip away.
But thanks to Bobby Ryan‘s overtime goal 5:43 into the extra period, the Senators were able to escape with a 4-3 overtime win to take a 2-1 series lead.
The fact that Ryan scored the goal will be a little controversial in Boston for sure.
Ryan's goal came on a power play after he was hit in the face by Bruins forward Riley Nash, resulting in Nash getting a two-minute for roughing. Just prior to Nash's jab at Ryan's face, Ryan appeared to catch Nash with a direct hit to the head that went uncalled.
Ottawa scored the GWG in OT on the power play that came as a result of this play pic.twitter.com/ClA5D4ykQe — Shane O'Donnell (@shane1342o) April 18, 2017
It did not take long for Ryan to score the goal shown in the video above.
Along with Ryan's goal, the big stars for Ottawa on Monday were once again defenseman Erik Karlsson and forward Mike Hoffman. Hoffman scored a pair of goals while Karlsson recorded a pair of helpers, while the two teamed up for an absolutely sensational goal in the first period to open the scoring.
Staff at Preston's university shop is spreading festive cheer by taking in presents for needy youngsters.
The UCLan In the City Shop' in Lune Street is being used to encourage the public to drop off gifts suitable for young people up to the age of 18, which will be handed out to disadvantaged children in Lancashire ready for Christmas Day.
The appeal is part of the Rock FM Cash for Kids: Mission Christmas charity.
UCLan's vice-chancellor, Professor Mike Thomas, joined children from the university's Pre-School Centre in the shop to drop off his own present and take part in festive crafts.
Professor Thomas said: “The people of Preston have, as always, been generous in donating extra gifts to the Cash for Kids Christmas appeal and I'm delighted that UCLan can once again play a part in linking the local community and the University with such a deserving charity.”
Saskia Gregory, joint officer in charge of UCLan Pre-School, added: “All of the children had a lovely time making Christmas crafts in the shop and generally getting in the mood for Christmas.”
People can drop off presents at UCLan's ‘In the City' shop until tomorrow, Wednesday. It is open today from 10.00am – 3.00pm and Wednesday 11.00am – 1.30pm.
MUMBAI: It's time to hunt for new places to showcase your talent instead of standing in big queues for auditions. A restro-pub in Gurugram called the Ciclo Cafe recently invited the famous music composer brothers of Bollywood music industry, Meet Brothers well-known in the Punjabi pop music space to hunt new music talent in the city.
Ciclo offers a lively affair that includes, Karaoke Nights, Ciclo Fashion Nights as well as the Clash of Bands for the more musically inclined. Meet Brothers who have always expressed their love and bond for music visited Ciclo Bar and Cafe to promote the weekend events and to scout the upcoming talent from ‘Ciclo Karaoke Nights' and ‘Ciclo Clash of Bands.' Meet Brothers were seen enjoying sumptuous food and loving the theme of the restaurant during their visit.
Meet Bros said, “We are happy to be in the city where people are enthusiastic about Bollywood music. We are passionate about food, music and fitness and when Dimple Ghosh invited us here, it just sounded like the perfect match. Over the course of our carrier we have always tried to identify new stars and for the same reason we are here, to scout for young talent through ‘Ciclo King and Queen of Karaoke' and ‘Ciclo Band Clash'. The participants of the Karaoke competition will get a chance to sing in our upcoming songs and the Band clash participants will get a chance to be a part of one of our musical tours. The team at Ciclo will keep sharing the links with us and if we see the talent, the same will be invited to our studios in Mumbai for further training.”
“‘Ciclo King and Queen of Karaoke' and ‘Ciclo Band Clash' is our initiative to promote young musical talent in the city. We are happy to have Meet Brothers here and thank them for supporting our endeavours, as also the team for putting together this show,” said Ashish Thadani, CEO at TI Concepts, which owns and operates Ciclo Cafes.
The 3-month-long revelry has been rolling at Ciclo Bar and Café, Sector 29, Gurugram which is curated by the power packed and spontaneous Dimple Ghosh. The weekend bonanzas consist of ‘Ciclo King and Queen of Karaoke' every Friday, ‘Ciclo Fashion Night' every Saturday, for the fashionistas and ‘Ciclo Band Clash' every Sunday.
What the girl actually did was sext a boy she liked through Snapchat. That boy shared the file with a friend, and word soon traveled to a lot of classmates.
Rice County decided to charge the three kids who got a copy of the sext, including the girl who created it. Prosecutors argued that because Jane Doe sent the Snapchat, she was both victim and perpetrator under state child pornography laws.
“What my daughter went through at school with the other students was really rough, and when we found out she was also facing criminal charges, my first thought was, ‘Why are we victimizing the victim?' ” said Jane Doe's father last year.
The American Civil Liberties Union called bullshit. Last Friday, Judge John Cajacob agreed, dismissing all charges against Jane Doe.
His ruling largely concurred with prosecutors on their interpretation of the law. Jane Doe's Snapchat, a short video that goes beyond a nude selfie, could be considered child porn -- not protected speech. But Cajacob tossed the charges because it's "absurd, unreasonable, and unjust" that a law intended to protect children from sexual exploitation should be used to make felons of them.
“...Does subjecting this child to a record, possibly involving some form of detention or long-term probation, and a mandatory ten years on a predatory sex offender registry – not to mention years of effects on her higher education, employment, and housing opportunities – create an absurd, unreasonable result? This Court finds that it does.”
Neuroscientists at the University of California here have discovered that the animal brain reinforces motor skills during deep sleep.
In a study published in Nature Neuroscience on Sunday, the researchers found that during non-rapid eye movement, or non-REM, sleep, slow brain waves bolster neural touchpoints that are directly related to a task that was newly learned while awake, reports Xinhua news agency.
Led by Karunesh Ganguly, associate professor of neurology at UCSF, the team implanted electrodes in the motor region of rats' brains to send electrical signals to a computer, which then drove movement of a detached mechanical device, in a system known as a brain-machine interface (BMI).
Tanuj Gulati, a postdoctoral scholar and lead author of the study, explained that a particular neuron may normally be devoted to controlling a limb, but a new relationship of that neuron could be created with an external device.
The redirected neuron, in this case, will contribute to controlling the external device, and the researchers can track the activity of this neuron to see how the brain integrates this new association.
Gulati and huscolleagues connected neurons in rat brains to implanted electrodes, which controlled a mechanical water-spout.
The source of water was behind a tiny door facing away from the mice. Because the spout faced away, the rats had to learn to use a computer-driven mechanism to move it toward them. As the rats explored several strategies to control the spout, they sometimes activated neurons adjacent to the electrodes.
When the proper neurons were activated, the computer moved the water-spout.
“Eventually the rats learn to delink actual movements from the spout – they know they don't really need to flinch their arm or do anything to make it move,” Gulati said.
“All they have to do is volitionally control the pipe and it will come to them.”
The researchers noticed that once rats got the hang of the task while awake, certain neural patterns kept “replaying” during sleep. And these same patterns persisted after the rats woke up, which led over time to improvements in the rats' performance on the task.
The findings could lead to new medical stimulation devices, and consumer-driven wearable devices, or “electroceuticals”, which stimulate brain cells and improve learning as people snooze.
The mind's first reflex when encountering something new is to categorize it, to assign familiar terms to the unfamiliar, as if fastening a seat belt around a potentially wild unknown to keep it safely in place.
Art history and criticism may thrive such positioning and historicizing, but when work subverts those boundaries, it delivers some deep thrills.
Such is the case with the revelatory Eleanore Mikus show at Marc Selwyn Fine Art. Mikus (1927-2017) established herself in the 1960s, exhibiting regularly in New York and appearing over subsequent decades in group shows at the Whitney and the Museum of Modern Art, but she is little known in L.A. An online bio indicates that this is her first solo show on the West Coast.
Eleanore Mikus, no title, 2010. Crayon on hand-folded abaca paper, 19-1/8 inches by 19 inches. Robert Wedemeyer / Marc Selwyn Fine Art
Terms like minimalism, monochrome painting and process art may supply some skeletal understanding to her wall reliefs in black and white and her folded paper works. But spend some time in their presence, and they invoke a more idiosyncratic vocabulary of sensation — silence, restraint, fullness, the implication of shadows.
Mikus extracted tremendous metaphorical richness from her materials. Her paper pieces, made by folding and unfolding, read as tenderly hand-worked, blind-embossed grids. Meditative, repeated motion becomes patterned mark. Spare as shoji screens, sensual as woven textiles, the paper works are physical inscriptions, coded texts bypassing language altogether.
The "Tablets" (all but one dating from the 1960s) also suggest a sort of nonverbal messaging, direct from the interior. Mikus created these shallow reliefs in several ways but primarily by creating irregular substrates of glued-together wood scraps, coating them with gesso and finally sheathing them in multiple layers of paint, sanded and sometimes waxed to a dull sheen.
Eleanore Mikus' "Tablet 137,' 1965-66. Acrylic on wood, 14.25 inches by 14.25 inches. Robert Wedemeyer / Marc Selwyn Fine Art
Two of the smaller pieces — one a dark graphite, the other yellowed ivory, each about 1 foot square — evoke suppressed secrets, their forms pressing up from beneath the heavy blanket of pigment. The effect is vaguely surreal, as of an enigma at once charged and neutralized. Mikus actively embraced such contradictions and as a result, the work, for all of its distilled purity, is complex and expansive. However quiet, it fiercely resists resolution.
Marc Selwyn Fine Art, 9953 S. Santa Monica Blvd., Beverly Hills. Through May 19; closed Sundays and Mondays. (310) 277-9953, www.marcselwynfineart.com
See all of our latest arts news and reviews at latimes.com/arts.
MORE REVIEWS:
Teotihuacan: An ancient Mexican city's remarkable art comes to life at LACMA
'Paper Play in Contemporary Photography' at the Getty
Fay Ray's photomontages at Shulamit Nazarian
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
SINGAPORE: The Housing & Development Board (HDB), launched a residential site at Sumang Walk for sale by public tender on Tuesday (Dec 12), under the Confirmed List of 2nd Half 2017 Government Land Sales (GLS) Programme.
In its press release, HDB said the 99-year leasehold site has an area of 27,056.4 sq m, and can potentially yield about 820 residential units.
A five-year Project Completion Period (PCP) will be granted starting from the tender of this Executive Condominium site.
Land Parcel at Sumang Walk (Image: HDB)
The tender for the land parcel at Sumang Walk will close Jan 30, 2018.
HDB said the tender closing for this site is batched with two other residential sites at Chong Kuo Road and Handy Road, which were launched by URA in October and November 2017 respectively under the 2nd Half 2017 GLS Programme.
Advertisement
The NHRC has sent a notice to the Uttar Pradesh government over deaths of several children at a state-run hospital in Gorakhpur, while observing that it amounted to "gross callousness" on part of the health administration of the state government.The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has sent the notice to the UP Chief Secretary, and sought a detailed report in four weeks on the steps taken for relief and rehabilitation of the affected families as well as the action taken against the guilty officers, the NHRC today said.Over 60 children have reportedly died at BRD Medical College Hospital since August 7, many allegedly for want of oxygen whose supply was disrupted after bills were not paid to the vendor.The rights panel has taken suo motu cognizance of several media reports hinting at negligence in the supply of liquid oxygen at the hospital which resulted in the tragedy."Reported deaths, in such a large number in a government run hospital, amount to serious violation of Right to Life and Health of the innocent victims," the commission said in a statement."This indicates towards gross callousness on part of the hospital administration and the Medical Education and Health Department of the Government of Uttar Pradesh," the statement added.Earlier also several instances of deaths in the city's hospitals due to Japanese Encephalitis have been reported, it said. "In spite of assurance given by the state administration, the situation has not improved.""The private firm, contracted to supply liquid oxygen to the hospital, stopped the supplies, as it was not paid the outstanding dues of almost Rs 70 lakh and the result was tragic deaths of about 60 children," it said.
“We need more housing, all different kinds of housing,” said Rob Larrea, Director of Planning.
New apartments could be coming to Grand Traverse County.
An apartment complex expansion and a new complex were discussed at the Garfield Township Commissioners meeting on Wednesday.
Ridge 45 applied for an expansion and a rezoning request to begin phase three of their construction.
It was also a chance for Fox Run to hear feedback before applying to build an 84 unit apartment complex.
Their site is adjacent to the Mitchell Creek Nature Preserve, so planning commissioners want to make sure the property is kept natural and the wetlands are preserved.
“Anytime you have a development that's that close to a sensitive area, you have to use additional methods to protect those wetlands and with all the engineering standards and all the new ways of treating storm water and things of that nature, it can be fit into that project,” said Larrea.
No decisions were made Wednesday.
Ridge 45's next step is a public hearing and Fox Run can now submit a formal application.
Posted by Mike Florio on April 17, 2017, 1:08 PM EDT
Most football players are tough. Every hockey player is.
Sunday night's game between the Penguins and the Blue Jackets included 19-year-old Columbus defenseman Zach Werenski taking a puck to the face. It wasn't slapshot but a short-range flip. The incident nevertheless opened a huge gash on Werenski's face and instantly dumped a chum bucket from his nose onto the ice.
It happened in the second period. Werenski returned for the third. Werenski wasn't able to play in overtime, primarily because his eye had swollen shut.
Via NBCSports.com, Blue Jackets coach John Tortorella praised Werenski after the loss to Pittsburgh: “[He has] balls as big as the building, doesn't he?”
Here's the reality: Most hockey players do. Through 82 regular-season games (with the starters never taking a night off), they fly around a frozen pond with blades on their feet and weapons in their hands while a sub-zero projectile whizzes around, ready to maim or worse if the wrong player is in the wrong place at the worst possible time.
For those to whom it happens, it's arguably a badge of honor. How else can anyone explain the fact that Zach Werenski, looking like Rocky Balboa after 15 rounds of messing with Creed, seems to be smiling at us?
BARCELONA: The man who aims to end the 28-year career of the head of Spanish football is counting on the support of smaller clubs that he says have been neglected as elite soccer thrives.
Miguel Angel Galan, who runs a soccer coaching company and has never held office in sports administration, is a fierce critic of Angel Maria Villar whom he hopes to unseat as president of the national association, RFEF, at an election.
Galan says he will set a term limit of eight years for future presidents, increase the number of women on RFEF's board from the current one, and plough funding into smaller clubs.
Although Spanish soccer has thrived at elite level under 67-year-old Villar, with the national team winning the European Championship in 2008 and 2012 and their first World Cup in 2010 as well as numerous triumphs for the country's big clubs in European competition, Galan believes it needs serious reform.
"I'm the candidate for lower league soccer. Lower league clubs have been abandoned and they need a bailout. We can't make any future plans without rescuing them," Galan told Reuters.
His plan to topple Villar will depend on the votes of the 600 clubs in the lower rungs of Spanish soccer to whom he is promising a subsidy of 50,000 euros (42,539 pounds) each.
The president is elected by an absolute majority of the 140 members of the RFEF general assembly which includes 120 members representing the clubs, players, referees and managers/coaches, who in turn are elected by the federation's ordinary members.
GOAL-LINE TECHNOLOGY
Galan also wants La Liga to join the Bundesliga, Premier League, Serie A and Ligue 1 in installing goal-line technology, an issue which came under the spotlight after Barcelona were denied a clear goal in a 1-1 draw with Real Betis last month.
The election is set to take place on May 22, with ex-RFEF general secretary Jorge Perez running as the third candidate.
Galan has been involved in a series of legal disputes against Villar in the last 12 months, the most recent centring on accusations that Villar misappropriated government funds donated to build a soccer school in Haiti after its devastating earthquake in 2011.
The RFEF returned the donated sum, 1.2 million euros (US$1.27 million) plus 300,000 euros in interest, to the sports ministry last month. A judge is yet to determine whether the case should go to court.
"He's doing a lot of damage to Spanish football," Galan said.
An RFEF spokesman speaking on behalf of Villar declined to comment on the accusations made by Galan in this interview.
TOO LONG
Villar has sat on the executive committee of world soccer's governing body FIFA since 1998. He was fined 25,000 Swiss francs (US$25,000) in 2015 by FIFA's Ethics Committee for failing to co-operate with an investigation into the contest to host the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
Last year he stood as a candidate to succeed disgraced UEFA president Michel Platini but withdrew days before the election, saying he made the decision after being asked by representatives of Spanish soccer to stand for re-election to RFEF.
It is not the first time Galan has taken on a powerful football figure. In 2014 he complained about Zinedine Zidane being put in charge of Real Madrid's reserve side without completing his coaching badges.
The Frenchman, now in charge of Real's first team, was barred from coaching for three months.
Galan said he felt compelled to run for Spanish soccer's top job after Villar's clumsy response to the death of a Deportivo La Coruna supporter in clashes with Atletico Madrid fans in November 2014.
While La Liga and Spain's sports ministry launched initiatives to combat hooliganism, Galan says Villar did nothing.
"We had a case as important as the death of a person, and the president of Spanish soccer says nothing, takes no measures and does nothing on the subject," Galan said.
"It all contributed to me deciding to run for president. We can't keep Villar in the job for 28 years, it's too long for any mandate. People want a change and I'm the only one who has taken on Villar."
(Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
Getty Images
Dalvin Cook will participate in organized team activities and minicamp on a limited basis and expects to be a full participant by the time training camp starts.
The Vikings running back tore the ACL in his left knee in Week 4, ending his rookie season on injured reserve.
“It's a process. It's a journey,” Cook said, via quotes distributed by the team. “It is something that you have to trust yourself and know that you did everything in your power to get your knee back the way it is at. I attack this thing every day and I did what I needed to do to get to this point. I had no doubt when I first touched the field is where I wanted to be at.”
Cook has done some work on the field since offseason workouts began April 16, and Vikings athletic trainer Eric Sugarman said Cook has “knocked the rehab out of the park.”
“He's done great job,” Sugarman said. “He's been here every day since the injury occurred, post-surgery and really hasn't missed a beat. . . . He's been here with a smile on his face every day. Really just to give him the credit because he's put in all the work to get to the point to where he is.”
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Mexican filmmaker Guillermo del Toro's fantasy romance “The Shape of Water” led nominations for the Golden Globes on Monday, heading a list of dramas and comedies on issues ranging from press freedom, war, racism and the many aspects of love. Nominees for the 75th Golden Globe Awards, Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture, Drama category, (L-R) Timothee Chalamet, Daniel Day Lewis, Tom Hanks, Gary Oldman and Denzel Washington are seen in a combination of file photos. REUTERS/File Photos“The Shape of Water,” a surreal drama about a relationship between a river creature and a mute cleaner, collected seven nods across the board, including for best director; actors Sally Hawkins, Octavia Spencer and Richard Jenkins; screenplay and score. Del Toro said he was grateful for the recognition, adding in a statement: “Above all, ‘The Shape of Water' is about love overcoming fear and embracing the Other.” “The Post,” Steven Spielberg's timely drama about press freedom, followed with six nominations, including for its director and stars Tom Hanks and Meryl Streep. The Golden Globes are chosen by the 90-plus journalists of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, but nominees often mirror the top films and actors nominated in January for the Oscars, the movie industry's highest awards. “The Shape of Water” and “The Post” are also seen as front-runners for Oscars. They will compete for the top drama prize at the Jan. 7 Golden Globe ceremony in Beverly Hills against small-town tale “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri,” which also got six nominations; British World War Two tale “Dunkirk”; and “Call Me By Your Name,” a gay romance starring actor nominees Timothee Chalamet and Armie Hammer. Mother-daughter comedy “Lady Bird” got four nods, including for stars Saiorse Ronan and Laurie Metcalf. However, first-time director Greta Gerwig was snubbed in an all-male list for her category. Nominees for the 75th Golden Globe Awards, Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture, Drama category, (L-R) Jessica Chastain, Sally Hawkins, Frances McDormand, Meryl Streep and Michelle Williams are seen in a combination of file photos. REUTERS/File PhotosOther comedy or musical film nominees included James Franco's “The Disaster Artist,” racial horror movie “Get Out,” ice-skating saga “I, Tonya” and “The Greatest Showman.” Movie studio Twentieth Century Fox and its Fox Searchlight unit for independent film dominated the nominations, sharing a total of 27 nods. Slideshow (3 Images)Celebrated actor Daniel Day-Lewis was recognized for “Phantom Thread,” which he has said will be his last film. British actor Daniel Kaluuya got a nod for his breakout role in “Get Out,” a satire on modern race relations set within a psychological thriller. Monday's nominations included A-listers like Angelina Jolie, who got two for her producing work on Cambodian foreign-language entry “First They Killed My Father” and an animated film about Afghanistan, “The Breadwinner.” For television, British royal series ”The Crown,“ ”Game of Thrones,“ ”The Handmaid's Tale, “Stranger Things” and “This Is Us” will compete for the best drama series award. “Black-ish,” “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel,” “Master of None,” “SMILF” and “Will & Grace” were nominated in the best TV comedy category.
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
MDC president Thokozani Khupe has lashed out at her political male rivals saying their criticism of the elected leaders of her new formation border on cowardice.
Khupe, the newly-elected leader of the latest breakaway MDC faction, has said she has no regrets for cutting ties with Nelson Chamisa, whom she accused of hijacking the labour-backed party.
As had been widely expected, Khupe was elected leader of the faction at an extraordinary congress of the party held in the second city on Saturday.
Obert Gutu, Harare lawyer Nixon Nyikadzino and Abedinico Bhebhe were elected vice president, secretary-general and national chair respectively.
Academic Samukele Hadebe will deputise Nyikadzino.
South African-based Chief Ndlovu got the treasurer-general post while activist Yvonne Msarurwa - who is being deputised by Alfred Ncube - earned the national organising secretary post.
Activist Linda Masarira was elected party national spokesperson, a move that infuriated some party members who felt that she had been imposed as she was not in the party structures.
Dorothy Ncube and Fungai Masaiti were elected to the women's chair and youth chair posts respectively, while Douglas Mwonzora who had been anticipated to join the congress, he did not turn up.
Her daughter Isabel Mwonzora landed the youth secretary general post.
"The MDC-T president Thokozani Khupe, is not surprised by the avalanche of comments, most of them from people who are afraid of women who chose to congregate around principle, constitutionalism, and to engage in politics that puts the people of Zimbabwe first," Khupe said through her spokesperson Witness Dube.
"She is equally unfazed by the usual ganging up of some self-misguiding and cowardly men who become uneasy at the sight of women whose coming together results in gender mainstreaming in decision making.
"On the contrary, ... Khupe is unreservedly proud that ... Masarira satisfied all the constitutional requirements in her entry into the MDC-T main body politics of the party, and is part of the women contingent which has seen our party being the only one in Zimbabwe with a 50-50 gender representation in its standing committee."
Khupe singled out Masarira saying she joined MDC in 2000, and became active in the Bulawayo South District before going dormant from party politics after she grew increasingly dissatisfied with what she viewed as a deviation of the party from its founding values.
"... Masarira is a credible and unapologetic social, economic, political and feminist activist who needs no introduction to the Zimbabwean political arena. It was therefore not a difficult decision for the party to allow her to subject herself to congress for election to the position of secretary for Information and Publicity, which position she was unanimously elected for," Dube added.
Following Morgan Tsvangirai's death, the opposition picked Chamisa as its new leader and presidential candidate, but Khupe and her allies accused the 40-year-old of a power grab, and have also refused to recognise his leadership.
Chamisa then approached the High Court in Bulawayo seeking an interdict to stop Khupe and her allies from continuing to infringe on the MDC trademark, passing off as the party leader, and using the MDC name without the authority of the opposition party.
Judgment in the Bulawayo High Court was reserved to today while deputy Chief Justice Elizabeth Gwaunza conducted a hearing last week that determined Khupe's Con-Court case as urgent.
The case in the Bulawayo High Court is important in that Zimbabwe Electoral Commission chairperson Justice Priscilla Chigumba made it clear that she will not be entertaining confusion where more than one party uses the same name and symbols and that any such dispute must be resolved by the courts before nomination day.
The European Union needs to consider regulating bitcoin, European Central Bank ratesetter Ewald Nowotny said on Monday, citing the risk of money laundering.
VIENNA: The European Union needs to consider regulating bitcoin, European Central Bank ratesetter Ewald Nowotny said on Monday, citing the risk of money laundering.
The cryptocurrency has surged from US$1,000 at the start of the year to above US$16,000, and its futures jumped more than 20 percent to a high of US$18,700 in their U.S. debut on Sunday night.
The steep gains have prompted many to question its real value and ask whether a bubble has emerged, and central bankers are worried they will be blamed if the as yet unregulated market crashes.
"Simply because of the scale, it is certainly increasingly necessary to discuss whether and in what form regulations are needed here," said Nowotny, who is also Austria's central bank governor.
"A particular aspect that needs to be discussed ...is the question of how far the regulations on money laundering ...are relevant here," he told a news conference.
While even small lenders were subject to strict controls on money laundering, it made no sense that even large bitcoin transactions could proceed without similar checks, he said, though this was a matter for the European Union rather than the ECB.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The still relatively small scale of the market in relation to traditional currencies also meant the problem was not that it threatened the current monetary system, he said.
Although there was no solid data, Austria appeared to be attracting companies selling bitcoin because it was perceived to be relatively easy to get a licence to operate there, Nowotny told reporters.
"We now have indications that we here in Austria have a more lax, a simpler regulation than in Germany... and we therefore also see a trend that such granting (of licences) is increasingly shifting to Austria. And we have absolutely no interest in that," he said.
Austria should at least match German regulations, he said, adding: "Ultimately we must settle this at the European level."
(Reporting by Francois Murphy; editing by John Stonestreet)
To the Editor:
You probably know that Amazon is looking for a place in the North American area to open its next corporate headquarters.
Stratford is an excellent location. We have access to highways, airports, train stations, harbor ports, and a labor force that is second to none.
This opportunity would create over 50,000 high paying jobs in addition to investments in surrounding communities. We'd have revenue growth for existing businesses and, more importantly, revenue growth for the town of Stratford that would help lower your taxes.
If we miss the opportunity for Amazon to choose Stratford for its next headquarters, it will be because we failed to prepare our town for this type of opportunity.
One of the main commitments of my campaign for mayor is the formation of a coalition of cities and towns to reduce overall costs, which in turn work to lower your taxes. The forming of a coalition of towns would eliminate the barriers that exist today throughout the State's 169 cities and towns.
Realistically, if any town wants a shot at landing Amazon, they need to join forces with surrounding towns to provide the 8 million square feet of office space and the population that Amazon wants.
Let's face it, this opportunity is a statewide matter, open to all and regional in nature. The cities and towns already collaborating with each other will have the advantage over those who continue to operate in a vacuum.
More than ever, Stratford needs leadership that is innovative and able to think outside the box.
You deserve leadership than can move us forward to achieve our true potential. We cannot afford to continue down the path of party politics and flawed policies.
I am offering my government banking experience as a bank executive to move Stratford forward as your next mayor. You can visit my website at joepaulforstratford.com
Joe Paul
Despite a lack of Ally on today's Kevin Klein Live, the show was able to power through, with a boys-only cub getting things going with one of the best editions of Subculture Wars in the show's history. It was a battle of young versus old this morning, with a 17-year-old high school student showing up late against a 68-year-old man that sounds like the coolest old dude on planet Earth. With the lead being traded, discussion of strains of weed, and more, this is a Subculture War you don't want to miss.
Plus, Anthony Jeselnik called into the show to help promote his dates at the San Jose Improv this weekend. Kevin reminded Jeselnik of the last time he came on the show, where he called Fat Anne Frank Anne Frankfurter, which Kevin says was the best joke he wishes he came up with on air. Jeselnik also talked about his time making fun of cancer patients, how Saturday Night Live is nowhere near as funny as people make it out to be, and how his stand up has caused couples to break up. Only the best topics of conversation of Kevin Klein Live!
Also on today's podcast:
7 @ 7 looked at the biggest regrets people have in their old age, which Useless Weirdo claims shouldn't include wood carving
Ben Gleib returns to the show to play a new game called Love It Or Gleib It
The issue that comes with trying to be a good citizen when it comes to returning extra change
And more!
Kevin Klein Live: Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook.
SUBSCRIBE: RSS | iTunes | Play.it | More Podcast Episodes
Texas Governor Greg Abbott unveiled a US$110 million (82.84 million pounds) programme intended to increase school safety by putting additional trained marshals inside schools and more closely monitoring social media for threats in the aftermath of a deadly school shooting earlier this month.
REUTERS: Texas Governor Greg Abbott unveiled a US$110 million (82.84 million pounds) programme intended to increase school safety by putting additional trained marshals inside schools and more closely monitoring social media for threats in the aftermath of a deadly school shooting earlier this month.
The plan was announced nearly two weeks after a 17-year-old armed with a shotgun and pistol killed 10 students and educators at Santa Fe High School in the Houston area.
Advertisement
It followed a shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, in February in which 17 people, mostly students, were massacred.
"Everybody in this entire process and everybody in the state of Texas never wants to see another occasion where innocent students are gunned down in their own schools," Abbott told a news conference in Dallas on Wednesday.
The proposed funding works out to about US$20 per student in a state that has about 5.5 million students enrolled in its public schools.
The 40-point plan, which followed meetings last week between Abbott and education and law enforcement officials, calls for enhanced mental health resources for students and new metal detectors for extra security at schools, Abbott said in a statement.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Texas Democratic Party issued a statement condemning the governor's plan, claiming that he failed to directly address gun crimes that occur in the United States.
"Nothing in Abbott's plans address the reality that it is too easy for a weapon to end up in the hands of someone wanting to cause harm," Texas Democratic Party chair Gilberto Hinojosa said in a statement.
Abbott is an ardent defender of the right to bear arms under the Second Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. Soon after the shooting at Santa Fe High School he said that any proposed legal changes that he would consider improving school safety would "protect Second Amendment rights."
His proposals include eliminating a rule that requires some school marshals to store their weapons in a safe while on campus.
Abbott said he would ask lawmakers to consider legislation to allow law enforcement, families, school staff or a district attorney to file a petition seeking the removal of firearms from a potentially dangerous person only after legal due process was provided.
(Reporting by Gina Cherelus; Editing by Scott Malone)
Getty Images
Jason Garrett claims he hasn't watched All or Nothing yet, but he surely knows his language in the eight-part documentary of the Cowboys has created a stir.
“I really haven't seen it,” Garrett said Tuesday. “I saw bits and pieces of it along the way. So, I don't really know that much about it to comment.”
Yet, the Cowboys coach turned several shades of red when owner Jerry Jones jokingly dropped the F-bomb, making fun of Garrett's repeated R-rated language in the series.
“That's an ender,” Garrett said.
The release of the behind-the-scenes shots of Garrett talking to his team has changed the coach's public image. Many fans and media previously viewed him as robotic, which was an inaccurate portrayal.
“People probably enjoy seeing that because he is so controlled and poised in a lot of ways,” Cowboys tight end Jason Witten said. “I think it'll be good for people to see that side of him. Hopefully his mom's not watching it.”
Witten also gives an expletive-laced speech to his teammates after a 37-9 loss to Philadelphia dropped the Cowboys to 5-5 in November.
“I've only gotten to see bits and pieces of it,” Witten said. “It's interesting because when you're living it and they're there, you sometimes forget that the cameras are there. The eye in the sky. But I think when you reflect back, they're able to capture so many neat memories and situations. I'd be anxious to see it. I'm looking forward to watching it. Like anybody, I think some of it you wish you could protect. But that's part of playing in the spotlight and having this opportunity. I think it'll be good for fans to see perspective and what all lies behind the scenes.”
The head of the Michigan health department was charged Wednesday with involuntary manslaughter, the highest-ranking member of Gov. Rick Snyder's administration to be snagged in a criminal investigation of Flint's lead-contaminated water.
Nick Lyon is accused of failing to alert the public about an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease in the Flint area, which has been linked by some experts to poor water quality in 2014-15.
The state's chief medical officer, Dr. Eden Wells, was charged with obstruction of justice and lying to a police officer.
Lyon's failure to act resulted in the death of at least one person, 85-year-old Robert Skidmore, special agent Jeff Seipenko told a judge.
The charges were read in court by Seipenko, a member of the state attorney general's team. Lyon and Wells were not in court. A message seeking comment was left for Lyon's attorneys. Wells' lawyer was not immediately known.
Flint began using water from the Flint River in 2014 but didn't treat it to reduce corrosion. Lead from old plumbing leached into the water system.
Some experts also have linked the water to Legionnaires' disease, a type of pneumonia caused by bacteria that thrive in warm water and infect the lungs. People can get sick if they inhale mist or vapour, typically from cooling systems.
There were nearly 100 cases in the Flint area, including 12 deaths, in 2014 and 2015.
Lyon was personally briefed in January 2015 but “took no action to alert the public of a deadly” outbreak until nearly a year later, Seipenko said.
Lyon has admitted that he was aware of Legionnaires' for months but wanted to wait until investigators in the Health and Human Services Department finished their own probe.
He told state lawmakers that experts likely wanted to “solve the problem” before they raised it with senior officials in the Snyder administration. The investigation, he said, “wasn't one that was easily solved.”
​Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette has now charged 15 current or former government officials in an ongoing probe that began in early 2016, including two emergency managers whom Snyder appointed to run the impoverished city of roughly 100,000 residents.
In May, Schuette dropped a misdemeanour charge against a Flint official who cooperated after pleading no contest to willful neglect of duty. And in March, Corrine Miller — the state's former director of disease control — was sentenced to probation and ordered to write an apology to residents after pleading no contest to willful neglect of duty.
Seipenko said Wells told an investigator that she had no knowledge of the outbreak until late September or early October 2015.
“This was clearly a false statement,” he said, saying she knew as early as March 2015.
Let's block ads! (Why?)
CBC | Health News
New England Patriots receiver Chris Hogan will play Monday night against the Miami Dolphins, according to ESPN's Adam Schefter.
Patriots' WR Chris Hogan, who has missed the last four games with a shoulder injury, will play tonight vs. Miami Dolphins, per league source. — Adam Schefter (@AdamSchefter) December 11, 2017
Hogan has been inactive since Week 8 when he suffered a shoulder injury against the Los Angeles Chargers. He had been dealing with a handful of other injuries to that point.
Hogan started his season with 33 receptions for 438 yards and five touchdowns in eight games.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Wanxiang Qianchao Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to sell entire 76.4 percent stake in an auto parts firm for 10.96 million yuan
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/hEbDx8
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
It seems that there's only one thing people love more than watching others succeed — watching them fail.
Ever since craft beer got hot, it's become trendy for people to speculate as to when the consumer love affair with it will come to an end. It's almost like a spectator sport, where writers and industry observers are just itching for the release of that one data point or statistic that will enable them to unleash the “hot take” that's been burning a hole in their pocket.
Then they can educate us about how we should have all seen this coming from a mile away. That what we thought was a Cinderella story was really a tragedy in disguise all along.
Recent data from the Brewers Association — the national trade association representing craft brewers — has, once again, brought those same naysayers to the fore.
Yes, there's growth. While overall beer sales were down by 1.2 percent, the craft segment still grew in spite of the downward trend, to the tune of 5 percent. Additionally, close to 1,000 new breweries opened their doors to the public, and we still have more breweries open now than at any point in our history — including before prohibition.
On the other hand, whereas only 116 breweries closed their doors in 2016, there was an uptick in that number in 2017, when 165 breweries ceased operations.
On top of that, craft enthusiasts have had the distinct misfortune of scoring a front row seat to watch breweries that were once considered giants pack it in and call it a day.
Green Flash is a perfect example, which also includes the fan-favorite Alpine brand.
First, they said they were shuttering their East Coast facility at the end of March. As if that weren't enough to get tongues wagging, that was followed a week later by the announcement that, “Green Flash, awash in debt,” as the San Diego Union-Tribune put it, “is sold to investment firm.”
Given that I have a brain cell or two to rub together, I get why these kinds of headlines can make drinkers and investors alike very skittish about the future of the industry.
But to make the leap immediately to the death throes of craft beer as a whole from these stories and numbers is, in my humble opinion, wildly inappropriate and tone deaf to what's actually happening in the marketplace.
I'll readily admit that I'm no economist — my stock and trade is words, so please don't make me do math — but I have been watching this industry closely for a number of years now.
I agree that something is changing, but the conversations I've been having since I started covering the “Maryland beer beat” lead me to an alternate conclusion.
The shift isn't that the industry is on the way out.
As some have rightly pointed out, the kind of maturating and stabilizing of any industry on the heels of exponential growth is not uncommon. At some point, things calm down. (And, in the case of craft beer, some home brewers are not meant to be business owners.)
More than that, however, I'm convinced that a large part of this narrative — of why we're seeing what we're seeing — has to do with fact that the goals new brewers are going into the game with are fundamentally different from what we saw even five years ago.
Back then, maybe you wanted to be the next New Belgium or Sierra Nevada. Or, if the national stage wasn't something you wanted, maybe you'd rather be more of a regional heavyweight, like Port City Brewing Co. or Flying Dog Brewery.
But then, I started hearing the same thing over and over again from brewers across Maryland, and in other neighboring states:
“We want to own our backyard. That's what matters.”
Also, what craft beer buyers prioritize has shifted, further amplifying what they started saying years ago in surveys — that when it comes to buying craft beer, local mattered even more than quality.
When faced with choices at the bar, they're usually going to pick a local brand over something national or regional; the stuff you can “get anywhere.” They're going to choose the breweries where they feel a kinship or an affinity. Either through a taproom visit — or because of a sensed personal connection — no matter how loose — to something brewed close to home.
This is especially true given that, as of 2016, 57 percent of weekly craft beer drinkers are of the millennial generation, according to the Brewers Association. The generation driven by the desire to experience and explore the world around them, while still very much inclined to champion products that are made locally, by locals.
The downside is that they can also be quite fickle to those they deem to be out of touch or behind the times. (A thin varnish of nostalgia will only get you so far.)
So, when I see numbers drop off, I'm not surprised, and I'm not going to wonder if the sky is falling.
It's a direct symptom of the fact that the industry is not only maturing, it's evolving.
The definition of what it means to be a success today is not the same as it was yesterday. In fact, many don't even consider that kind of success possible or sustainable.
In a recent interview, a Maryland brewer who wished to remain anonymous pointed out, “Yeah, the door is kind of closed on seeing that level of (national or regional) success. Even the kind we've seen with RAR and Union in the past few years. The barrier to entry now is way too high, and I'm not even sure that's what people want anymore. Plus, it's too much trouble for something that doesn't seem worth it or have any heart in it. I'd rather be focused on our community; they're the ones I'm doing it for. It's their approval that matters.”
For some, that may seem like a downer of an opinion, but I'm inclined to disagree.
I think this is an exciting time for craft beer. I visit more breweries now than I did a few years ago that feel like home. That I get to champion, because they're in my backyard, and representing where I live.
Whenever I visit New England, which I do quite often for work, it's always a beer trade opportunity to share and show-off what the brewers I love from Maryland can teach those folks up north about brewing a great beer.
Will there be more headlines about giants going under or the local home brewer who just couldn't make it work? Yes, and I will not be happy about it when those stories crop up in my newsfeed.
But I'm also looking forward to an industry where going to a brewery anywhere across the country is more than just a chance to sit down and have a great beer. It's an invitation to get to know the real story of a community and the people who call it home.
CAPTION Langways All American Sports Bar and Grill serves family friendly pub food in Crofton. Langways All American Sports Bar and Grill serves family friendly pub food in Crofton. CAPTION Langways All American Sports Bar and Grill serves family friendly pub food in Crofton. Langways All American Sports Bar and Grill serves family friendly pub food in Crofton. CAPTION Heroes Pub in Annapolis is featured in the Dining Out Review. Heroes Pub in Annapolis is featured in the Dining Out Review. CAPTION Capiche Street Food Italiano opened in October in Severna Park. Capiche Street Food Italiano opened in October in Severna Park. CAPTION The Ferndale United Methodist Church, in partnership with St. John's United Methodist Church, held their 16th annual Free Thanksgiving Day Dinner Thursday, November 23, 2017. The church serves 75-100 meals on site and delivers around another 400 meals to seniors and others in the area and Baltimore City, who can not make it to the church. The Ferndale United Methodist Church, in partnership with St. John's United Methodist Church, held their 16th annual Free Thanksgiving Day Dinner Thursday, November 23, 2017. The church serves 75-100 meals on site and delivers around another 400 meals to seniors and others in the area and Baltimore City, who can not make it to the church. CAPTION Mi Lindo Cancun Grill in Annapolis serves authentic Mexican dishes. Mi Lindo Cancun Grill in Annapolis serves authentic Mexican dishes.
Liz Murphy lives in Annapolis with her husband, Patrick, and their two lazy dogs, Horatio and Nugget. She runs her own Annapolis-based beer blog, Naptown Pint. You can reach her at liz@naptownpint.com.
Eeek! The Coronation Street star has not held back...
Georgia May Foote has faced a tough time recently after it was reported that she'd split with boyfriend of 18-months George Alsford.
If that wasn't bad enough, her ex beau Sean Ward then seemed to throw some serious shade at the former Coronation Street star following her heartbreak.
READ MORE CELEB NEWS
Sean split with 26-year-old Georgia back in 2015 after her stint on Strictly Come Dancing, before she moved on with her professional dance partner Giovanni Pernice.
And shortly after it was revealed Georgia had split with her latest boyfriend, Sean quipped on Twitter: ‘Karma is a patient b**ch,' followed by a laughing face emoji. Err… ouch!
But following the seemingly harsh dig, now Georgia has gone on an epic Twitter rant, telling her followers they have ‘no idea what she's been through'.
More: Dancing On Ice 2018: Corrie star Antony Cotton's place in JEOPARDY as he's rushed to hospital after scary fall
Starting her powerful message, the actress hit back: ‘Karma aint a b**ch to people who do nothing wrong. Guilt makes people do/say funny things doesn't it.
‘I always have to keep my mouth shut and I'm the one who gets the sh*t say what u want cz i really dont care what u all think. I know everything about MY life.'
Not stopping there, the Corrie actress then went on to say she's sick of ‘saving people's backs', continuing: ‘Being a woman is seriously sh*t.
‘Sick to death of being a good person and letting sh*t go to save other peoples backs'.
The brunette beauty then slammed: ‘Leave me alone to live MY LIFE. And do my JOB.'
Before finally adding: ‘You have no idea what i have ever been through. Why does my job entitle this right? Seriously please. I just want to get on with life.' Eeeek!
And fans were quick to support her, as one replied: ‘Sending positive energy!! Some people are relentless!'
While another added: ‘Bless you stay strong you know the truth xx'.
The Twitter drama comes just days after a source told The Sun that Georgia has been left devastated by her break up.
‘They tried to make it work but called it quits after a series of arguments', the insider revealed.
‘Georgia has been left devastated, as she really thought he was The One'.
Sending our love, Georgia!
Aspetuck Brew Lab, 3389 Fairfield Avenue, Bridgeport will be donating $1 for every pint and $2 for every 64-oz growler to Aspetuck Land Trust on Friday, April 21, from 3:30-9 p.m. As a special Earth Day bonus, those who sign up to become new or renewing members of Aspetuck Land Trust at the $100 Naturalist level will receive a free pint and an Aspetuck Land Trust T-shirt. To make a donation before the event (click here), and bring the receipt to receive a free pint and land trust T-shirt.
The 7-barrel brewery, owned and operated by husband/wife team Peter and Tara Cowles from Fairfield, features a 50-person taproom serving beers for on-premise consumption and filling growlers to go. Having worked for the Land Trust for almost 10 years before starting the Brew Lab, Tara is thrilled to support the Aspetuck Land Trust on Earth Day. “We've been so warmly welcomed by the community that we feel it's important to give back, and Aspetuck Land Trust is a great partner for Earth Day.”
The brewery takes its name from its water source, the Aspetuck watershed. “Aspetuck literally means ‘river from a high place' in an Algonquin language,” said Peter. “We strive to take beer to a higher place and are proud to be the first brewery in Connecticut's largest city since the 1930s.” Similarly Aspetuck Land Trust takes its name from the Aspetuck River that flows through the four towns the land trust serves: Westport, Weston, Easton and Fairfield.
There's no disputing that iPhones are one of the best smartphones available on the market.
The iPhone powers incredible levels of technology but all this comes at a price to the battery life.
The battery on iPhones has always been a source of frustration for owners but this seems to have got worse for those who have downloaded the latest operating system.
Researchers who have downloaded the iOS 11 have found that it drains the battery more than twice as quickly as the iOS10 did.
Mobile security company Wandera analysed the battery decay of 50,000 iPhones and iPads that were used moderately to heavily and compared the average battery drain over three days to estimate the average.
Wandera have claimed that a phone with 100 per cent battery using iOS10 will last for 240 minutes while those on the latest system will last just 96 minutes.
The company said that some users have got so frustrated by the battery life issues that they have switched back to iOS 10.3.3 but the company has advised strongly against this.
A Wandera spokesperson said: “The more up to date your software, the more protected you are from hackers attempting to exploit your device and infiltrate your personal and corporate data.”
The company also said that users running the new system on older iPhone devices will experience worse battery drain than on newer models so not all users will be feeling the same frustration.
Apple have released two updates since the iOS11 came out and the most recent of these appears to have limited the battery drain.
Under new experiments, iOS11.0.1 had a battery drain time of 159 minutes meaning a 65 per cent improvement compared to iOS11.
However, the company said it was too early to experiment on the new 11.0.2 operating system.
Matt Vlasach, director of product at Wandera, said: “It is a simple reality of software: there will always be bugs in new major OS releases, which are constantly pushing the limits of the devices they are running on.
“This, in turn, burns battery and always causes a new uproar about battery performance.
“However, it is inevitable that these problems will be addressed and improved as time goes on, until the next major update.”
How you can save battery
Customers who are still unsatisfied with their battery life can take a number of steps to help it last longer.
The first is limiting the number of apps that can refresh in the background (Settings > General > Background App Refresh) and limiting the number of apps that can access your location in the background (Settings > Privacy > Location Services).
If that doesn't make much difference, low power mode may be your best option until Apple pushes out new updates that will hopefully address excessive battery drain.
Getty Images
The Lions have lost another defensive player for the season.
Brandon Copeland tore a pectoral muscle in Sunday's preseason game, according to Ian Rapoport, and will undergo season-ending surgery.
Copeland was a Swiss Army knife, capable of playing defensive end and strongside linebacker while serving as a core special teams player. He had received some first-team snaps in training camp, although Antwione Williams started at SAM against the Colts.
Copeland, 26, played all 16 games each of the past two seasons.
The Lions also lost defensive end Kerry Hyder, who tore his Achilles on Sunday, for the season.
The focus is naturally on Bruce Boudreau, the hard-luck head coach in the midst of another first-round nightmare.
But spare a few thoughts, too, for general manager Chuck Fletcher. He went all-in at the trade deadline, and now his Minnesota Wild are in danger of being swept by the St. Louis Blues.
The Wild, you'll recall, sent a first-round draft pick and more to get forwards Martin Hanzal and Ryan White, both pending unrestricted free agents, from Arizona in February.
“We're just putting our chips in the middle of the table for this year,” Fletcher said at the time, per NHL.com. “We like our group and we think our players deserve the best chance possible to compete [and want to] see what we can do. Again, nothing's promised and we know it will be tough, but I think our thought is we may as well take a swing and see how far we can go.”
The Wild were 39-14-6 when the deal went down, so it's hard to blame Fletcher for his thought process. But barring a miraculous comeback, Minnesota will fall to 2-5 in playoff series under his watch. He's been on the job since 2009, and despite a healthy payroll that includes $196 million worth of Zach Parise and Ryan Suter, the Wild have yet to get past the second round.
The good news for Fletcher is that owner Craig Leipold did not expect to win a Stanley Cup this year.
“I don't know, they could surprise me,” Leipold said in January. “But I don't think we've got that type of team. We haven't built it yet.”
Fletcher also saw four of his draft picks show well at the World Juniors — a nice feather in the GM's cap.
But there's no denying that his team is on the verge of a massive letdown. Hiring Boudreau was supposed to get the Wild over the hump.
Instead, it's looking like another early playoff exit for both men.
Related: Chuck Fletcher is under pressure
West Ham United's first home game of the 2017-18 Premier League campaign against Southampton will be rescheduled as the London Stadium undergoes renovation following the conclusion of the 2017 IAAF World Athletics Championships on Aug. 13.
REUTERS: West Ham United's first home game of the 2017-18 Premier League campaign against Southampton will be rescheduled as the London Stadium undergoes renovation following the conclusion of the 2017 IAAF World Athletics Championships on Aug. 13.
Next season's fixtures were released on Wednesday and West Ham start their campaign at Manchester United followed by a home fixture against Southampton on Aug. 19.
However, the London club believe their stadium will not be ready in time as seats and branding material will be modified for the Athletics Championships and need to be restored.
"Our opening fixtures in August will be played away from home as London Stadium welcomes the 2017 IAAF World Athletics Championships for a once-in-a-generation occasion," the club said on their website. (www.whufc.com)
"Supporters are therefore advised that our second fixture of the campaign, against Southampton, will be rescheduled, with further details to follow."
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Our first home match at London Stadium next season is set to be the visit of Huddersfield Town on the weekend of September 9."
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo's 10-year-old Amur tiger (Panthera tigris altaica), Changbai, gave birth on Nov. 25 to four tiger cubs, although only two survived. The two surviving cubs, both females, were removed from Changbai when she showed no interest in taking care of them. Both two-week-old cubs are in seclusion in the Zoo hospital, housed in a 90-degree ambient temperature enclosure, with a base warmed to 85 degrees to sustain the cubs' warmth.
“We are hand feeding the babies five times a day,” explained Zoo Director Gregg Dancho. “They are being given a feline milk replacement formula, supplemented with vitamins. They are a little underweight, possibly due to the age of their mother and the fact that there were four kittens in the litter.” Survival of the two remaining cubs is still a challenge. Zoo veterinarians and animal care staff are doing everything they can to get them through this critical time. It will be several more weeks before the cubs will be available for viewing by the public.
Zoo staff was aware of the tiger's pregnancy through fecal hormone testing, and had been keeping a 24-hour watch on Changbai for the past few weeks. A female tiger at the age of ten has only a twenty percent change of a successful pregnancy, so good husbandry and a quick response from the animal care team makes a difference. When Zoo staff saw the firstborn kitten unresponsive and that Changbai was disinterested in grooming or nursing the remaining kittens, a decision was made to remove them to begin feeding. A second kitten died later that night.
Zoo veterinarians and animal care staff are providing around the clock care and supervision for the remaining cubs. The two kittens' survival is an important step forward in maintaining the genetic diversity of Amur tigers worldwide, a critically endangered species that is rapidly disappearing from the wild. The kittens' survival to two weeks was a critical milestone, but it will be another few weeks before they can be considered out of danger.
Dancho said that every possible effort was being made to help the kittens survive.“The birth of these kittens brings a few more precious tigers to the population, which can help ensure the survival of these majestic animals for future generations.”
Bridgeport Mayor Joseph P. Ganim said, “The news of two tiger cubs born at our own Beardsley Zoo is very exciting. I have to commend the staff at the Zoo for all they do caring for the animals, and most recently, for providing the conditions that led to the miracle of these valuable baby cubs. If you didn't already have enough reason to visit Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo in Bridgeport, now you have two new very cute reasons.”
Amur tigers, also known as Siberian tigers, are very rare. According to the Association of Zoos and Aquariums' (AZA) statistics, today's tigers are thought to occupy less than seven percent of their original range. Threatened by habitat loss and degradation, poaching, tiger-human conflict, and loss of prey, four of nine subspecies have disappeared from the wild just in the past hundred years. The future of the Amur tiger has been a major concern of the world's zoos for many years.
All tigers now have protected status in the wild, but that doesn't guarantee their safety. A breeding program recommendation comes from the Species Survival Plan (SSP), administered by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums in accredited zoos. Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo is home to the parents, a male, Petya, and a female, Changbai, who joined the Zoo family last winter. Managed by the SSP, inter-regional transfers are arranged with careful attention to gene diversity in the hope that successful breeding will take place. Chang was sent to Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo as an excellent genetic match to the Zoo's resident male tiger.
Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo will provide update on the kittens' condition on its website and on Facebook.
About Amur tigers
The Amur, or Siberian tiger, is a rare subspecies of tiger, and the largest cat in the world. Adult male tigers can weigh up to 675 pounds, with females weighing up to 350 pounds. Chang is small for a female Amur tiger, weighing 297 pounds. Similar to people's fingerprints, no two tigers have the same striped pattern. Amur tigers differ from other tigers with fewer, paler stripes, and a mane that helps to keep them warm. They live in southeast Russia as well as small areas of China and North Korea. They live for 10-15 years in the wild, and up to 22 years in captivity.
About Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo
Connecticut's only zoo, celebrating its 95th anniversary this year, features 300 animals representing primarily North and South American species. Visitors can visit Amur (Siberian) tigers and leopard, Brazilian ocelot, Mexican wolves, and Golden Lion tamarins. Other highlights include the South American rainforest with free-flight aviary, the prairie dog exhibit with “pop-up” viewing areas, the New England Farmyard with goats, cows, pigs, sheep, and other barnyard critters, plus the hoofstock trail featuring bison, pronghorn, deer, and more. Guests can grab a bite at the Peacock Café, eat in the Picnic Grove, and enjoy a ride on the indoor carousel. For more information, visit beardsleyzoo.com.
FINA, the world's international governing body for aquatic sports, has begun releasing videos of various sessions from its 2016 Sports Medicine Congress. You can find them compiled and linked here.
The Sports Medicine Congress took place as a part of the FINA World Aquatics Convention in Windsor, Canada. That convention happened ahead of the 2016 FINA Short Course World Championships in Canada – the convention was December 3-5, with the meet going from December 6-11. 2016 was the 4th annual World Aquatics Convention.
FINA holds a Sports Medicine Congress every four years. This year, the sports medicine sessions were spread out over two days, December 3rd and 4th. FINA describes the event on its World Aquatics website as:
The FINA World Sports Medicine Congress occurs every four years and reviews the latest scientific evidence in the field of aquatic athlete health and performance.
In 2016, the 18th FINA World Sports Medicine Congress takes place as part of the 4th FINA World Aquatics Convention in Windsor, Canada (3-5 December 2016), and is supported by the Canadian Academy of Sport and Exercise Medicine (CASEM).
We are pleased to confirm that the Congress has been certified by The College of Family Physicians of Canada (CPFC) for up to 11 Mainpro+ credits.
The two-day Congress, under the general theme Swimming For Gold, Swimming For Life, gathers sports medicine physicians, sport scientists, health professionals and coaches, and is expected to welcome over 400 delegates from across the globe.
You can find the schedule and a brief description of the sessions and speakers on the World Aquatics Convention website here.
Videos of various sessions are embedded below, courtesy of Fina1908 on YouTube. You can find more session videos by following this link.
Most of the money was spent on advertising and printing of promotional materials.
SINGAPORE: President Halimah Yacob spent a total of S$220,875 on her campaign, according to documents made available on Saturday (Oct 7) by the Elections Department.
The bulk of the money, S$198,154, went to the advertising and printing of promotional materials. Her biggest investment in the campaign was 20,110 posters that cost close to S$73,000, which included the cost of incinerating posters and banners.
The 200 PVC banners used in the campaign alone amounted to over S$20,000.
Another 1.28 million pieces of Admail A5 cards cost S$34,000, while the making of a profile video that took six days to film came up to S$29,000.
Under the Presidential Elections Act, the principal election agents of candidates who contest in an election must submit a declaration and a return of election expenses to the Returning Officer within 31 days after the day on which the result of the election is published in the Gazette.
These returns are required to ensure accountability and transparency in the candidates' campaign finance.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Madam Halimah, who was declared the only candidate in the Presidential Election this year, submitted the statement of her campaign expenses to the Elections Department on Oct 3.
According to the documents, called the returns of election expenses, election agents, polling agents and counting agents did not receive any remuneration. No amount was recorded under Mdm Halimah's personal expenses.
Mdm Halimah and her team appeared to have a couple of favourites when it came to food, with a breakfast order from Delifrance on Sep 13 - Nomination Day - and a buffet dinner the day before at Islamic Restaurant which came up to about S$2,000 for 45 people.
A room at the National Trades Union Congress on 1 Marina Boulevard cost Mdm Halimah almost S$9,000 over several days in August and September. The cost included the rental of a Fuji Xerox copier, car park coupons and the installation of printer drivers, telephone sets and a fax line.
She received seven single donations of S$10,000 or more totaling S$800,000.
A spokesman for her election campaign said that all unused donations raised will be returned to the donors.
The donors have indicated that they intend to make a contribution to the next cycle of the President's Challenge, he said.
"Madam Halimah Yacob is grateful to all Singaporeans for their support and encouragement during the recent Presidential Election," the spokesman added,
The public can inspect the documents from Saturday at a fee of S$2. The documents will be available for viewing for six months.
Dubai's financial regulator is investigating allegations of mismanagement at private equity firm Abraaj, which is on the verge of financial collapse after a scandal over its use of investor money, two sources familiar with the matter said.
DUBAI: Dubai's financial regulator is investigating allegations of mismanagement at private equity firm Abraaj, which is on the verge of financial collapse after a scandal over its use of investor money, two sources familiar with the matter said.
The Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA) has interviewed the firm's founder, Arif Naqvi, and other senior executives in the past few months as part of the probe, the sources said.
Advertisement
The DFSA declined to comment. Abraaj said in a statement discussion between it and the regulator were "ongoing."
"While we do not comment on confidential discussions with our regulators, we are highly focused on strengthening our corporate governance and internal controls," the company said.
A third source said Abraaj co-chief executives Omar Lodhi and Selcuk Yorgancioglu were among those questioned by the regulator.
There was no immediate comment from Naqvi or his legal representative. There was also no immediate comment from Lodhi. Yorgancioglu referred a Reuters request for comment to Abraaj.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The investigation heaps more pressure on Abraaj which is trying to sell its investment management business to Colony Capital following a dispute with some of its investors over the use of money in a US$1 billion healthcare fund.
This erupted late last year, when investors including the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and the International Finance Corp made allegations that Abraaj mishandled their money in the healthcare fund. Abraaj has denied misusing the funds.
The allegations triggered a solvency crisis at the fund, the biggest buyout fund in the Middle East and North Africa.
After halting fund raising activities and shaking up management, Abraaj last month filed for provisional liquidation in the Cayman Islands as it seeks an agreement with creditors and is selling parts of its businesses.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Summary findings of a review by Deloitte, appointed by Abraaj to audit its operations, said that a cash shortage at the firm led it to dip into investor funds.
Deloitte said on June 4 there was no evidence of embezzlement or misappropriation, but highlighted a lack of "adequate governance" and "overall weakness" at Abraaj.
In a statement on June 21, the DFSA said it would be "discussing various matters with the Joint Provisional Liquidators of Abraaj Holdings and Abraaj Investment Management Limited and would continue to work toward safeguarding the interests of investors."
(Additional reporting by Saeed Azhar in Dubai and Ebru Tuncay in Istanbul. Editing by Jane Merriman)
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
WILKES-BARRE — City police are seeking a man who allegedly raped a woman at knife-point Sunday evening.
The woman reported she was walking on Carey Avenue about 6 p.m. when the attacker approached her and pulled a knife, according to police. The man then threatened her and raped her, police said.
Police described the attacker as black and about 5 feet, 8 inches with a small build. He had a shaved head, small, square glasses and was about 30 years old, police said.
The attacker was also riding a men's mountain bike, police said.
Anyone with information is asked to call police at 570-208-4200.
— JAMES HALPIN
After finding signs of chemicals on a plot of land in Bettendorf, the EPA is now making sure contamination has not spread to nearby properties.
"We are working with some neighboring properties to take soil, gas sampling, so essentially air samples from underneath the basements of some of the nearby properties," said Todd Davis, the Site Assessment Manager with the EPA Region 7.
The EPA says it was contacted by an attorney representing the property owners in 2014. It then determined additional sampling was needed on the site, an approximately 18-acre lot of land located south of Tanglefoot Lane.
In 2016, the EPA did soil, water, and sediment sampling and was able to confirm that chemicals were found on the site, such as elevated levels of PCBs. The site was formerly used for waste disposal in the 1950's and 1960's.
The site is agricultural, but is surrounded by homes and other development. Right now, the EPA is doing additional sampling at about 40 nearby properties, like water sampling.
"We're looking to see if there's any contamination reaching the ground water that might be impacting nearby private wells," said Davis.
The EPA says that based on data that has been collected as of right now, there is no indication that contamination has spread.
"We're trying to confirm the contamination has not left the site and is not affecting nearby properties or homes," said Davis.
Davis says more sampling may be done depending on the results. He says the goal of the investigation is to see if there is any possible risk to public health and the environment.
"And then once the assessment is complete, EPA will have the data necessary to determine what, if any, cleanup or removal action is necessary," said Davis.
The Canadian Press
OTTAWA -- The country's finance ministers are cautiously optimistic a deal can be reached today on how the federation will divvy up tax proceeds from the eventual sale of legalized marijuana.
Provincial and territorial finance ministers are meeting in Ottawa to discuss a range of issues -- but the dominant topic has been negotiations towards an agreement on how they will share revenues from a federal excise tax on recreational cannabis.
Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa says the federal Liberal government showed flexibility on revenue and cost sharing issues at a working dinner last night.
Federal Finance Minister Bill Morneau says he's prepared to be reasonable in trying to reach a compromise on how to share a source of tax revenue that Ottawa estimates could reach $1 billion per year.
The provincial and territorial governments insist they should get the bulk of the cash because they'll shoulder most of the costs associated with legalization, such as policing, health issues and public awareness.
Morneau was expected to counter that argument last night by telling his counterparts Ottawa has already committed more than $1 billion over five years towards pot legalization.
Negotiations have been centred on the Trudeau government's proposal to impose a cannabis excise tax of $1 per gram or 10 per cent of the final retail price, whichever is higher.
An initial federal offer of a 50-50 split with the provinces was flatly rejected by the provinces and territories.
During the meetings, the ministers will also discuss the federal government's proposed tweaks to the formula behind equalization payments, as well as the three-year review of the Canada Pension Plan. They will also explore the state of the global economy and listen to a presentation by Bank of Canada governor Stephen Poloz.
Talks are also expected to resume on a national strategy to improve the sharing of information on corporate ownership between jurisdictions, a measure designed to clamp down on tax avoidance, tax evasion, money laundering and terrorist financing.
Ever since production started on Rampage, star Dwayne Johnson has not been shy about sharing set photos with his fans, offering our first look at the actor who plays George the Ape in motion capture, along with his co-stars Naomie Harris and Jeffrey Dean Morgan. Today we have two more photos from the set, one which showcases some of the epic destruction left in the wake of these three creatures, and another where Dwayne Johnson is trying to protect Naomie Harris. Here's what the actor had to say about his Naomie Harris photo on Instagram, explaining why he's grabbing the actress' thigh.
"Thigh grab was unplanned, but instinctual since I'm in protect mode. Intense week for me and my partner in survival, Naomie Harris. Total destruction and chaos caused by the three gigantic rampaging beasts putting us in constant "fight or flight" mode. Lucky SOB to have such a spectacular actress by my side puttin' in this level of intense emotion daily. If you haven't seen Moonlight yet, check it out and you'll see why her powerful performance was nominated for an Oscar. Until then, we'll keep dancing at this party in hell. And we'll see you there. #LetsDance #Rampage 4-20-2018."
The actor was less forthcoming on Instagram about the second photo, where his character Davis Okoye is seen standing in the midst of a facility which seemingly housed these creatures. It seems likely that this facility is where these experiments took place, where George the ape, Lizzie the reptile and Ralph the werewolf were transformed from normal animals into gigantic mutated beasts that will go on to terrorize major cities all across the country. Here's what Dwayne Johnson had to say about this image in a much more succinct statement.
"We have a problem. The beasts survived. Their blood and tracks headed cross-country..."
It's possible that this is actually a line of dialogue said by either Dwayne Johnson's Davis Okoye, or possibly by the villainous character played by Malin Akerman, who runs the corporation that conducted these experiments which went awry. Or, it could just be simply Dwayne Johnson interpreting this shot in his own way. Shooting has been under way for almost exactly two months in Atlanta, and while it remains unclear how much filming is left, Dwayne Johnson seems to attract hordes of fans everywhere he goes, as evidenced in two new videos the actor also shared on Instagram.
One of the videos showcases Dwayne Johnson signing the back of a young fan's shirt, while pulling a bit of a prank on the youngster, pretending to sign the back of this boy's head with a Sharpie. The actor's "evil sense of humor," as he describes it on Instagram, is also on display in the second video, where he drives up to a group of fans waiting to meet him just outside of the set, and pretends to drive off, which causes a mild uproar, before he goes back to greet them. Take a look at these new Rampage photos and videos featuring The Rock and Naomie Harris.
The bullpen mounds near the left-field pavilion stood empty as the eighth inning began on Monday evening. The inactivity symbolized the trust extended by Dodgers Manager Dave Roberts to the most combustible reliever in his relief corps. Chris Hatcher trotted out of his dugout for his second inning of work.
Through the first three weeks of the season, Dodgers relievers faced 181 batters. All 181 stayed within the ballpark. At 9:40 p.m. on Monday, the Dodgers operated the only bullpen in baseball who had yet to yield a home run. A minute later, in the climatic moment of a 4-2 defeat to Arizona, the team lost that distinction, and a game along with it.
On the first pitch of the eighth, Diamondbacks third baseman Jake Lamb cranked a waist-high, cut fastball from Hatcher into the right-field bleachers. The homer stemmed not only from a misplaced pitch, but also from the receipt of the previous two days, when the Dodgers' starting pitchers combined to log seven innings.
Brandon McCarthy struck out eight Diamondbacks, but departed after giving up two runs in five innings. He had thrown only 86 pitches. The outing forced Roberts to lean upon his relievers. Roberts learned to thrive amid this type of tumult in 2016. Monday's game offered a reminder of the challenges inherent when managing a pitching staff that is long on depth but struggles to get length from its starters.
The performance by Hatcher was not the only voucher accrued over the weekend. In the ninth, pitching for the third day in a row, Luis Avilan gave up an RBI triple to outfielder David Peralta.
In defeat, the Dodgers (7-7) botched a chance to win a four-game series with Arizona. After dropping the first two games at Dodger Stadium, the Diamondbacks salvaged a split. The Dodgers remained inefficient at situational hitting. As a group, they struck out 15 times, went hitless in six at-bats with runners in scoring position and stranded seven runners.
A sequence in the bottom of the eighth, after Lamb's home run fell, epitomized an evening's worth of frustration. Justin Turner ripped a leadoff double off Diamondbacks reliever J.J. Hoover. The next three batters — Yasiel Puig, Yasmani Grandal and Enrique Hernandez — saw four pitches and popped up three times.
And so the team lost, yet again, when opposing a left-handed starting pitcher. Five of their seven losses have come in this fashion.
Caption Breaking down the Clippers' loss to the Jazz in Game 1 Joe Johnson made a shot at the buzzer and the Utah Jazz defeated the Los Angeles Clippers, 97-95, in Game 1 of a Western Conference first-round playoff series. Joe Johnson made a shot at the buzzer and the Utah Jazz defeated the Los Angeles Clippers, 97-95, in Game 1 of a Western Conference first-round playoff series. Caption Breaking down the Clippers' loss to the Jazz in Game 1 Joe Johnson made a shot at the buzzer and the Utah Jazz defeated the Los Angeles Clippers, 97-95, in Game 1 of a Western Conference first-round playoff series. Joe Johnson made a shot at the buzzer and the Utah Jazz defeated the Los Angeles Clippers, 97-95, in Game 1 of a Western Conference first-round playoff series. Caption Do you have what it takes to be a Laker Girl? Every year, the Laker Girls hold open auditions for a spot on their team. So our Curiosity Correspondent, Benjamin Crutcher, decided he wanted to find out if he had what it takes to be a member of the famous dance squad. Every year, the Laker Girls hold open auditions for a spot on their team. So our Curiosity Correspondent, Benjamin Crutcher, decided he wanted to find out if he had what it takes to be a member of the famous dance squad. Caption Opening day for Los Angeles Dodgers The sights and sounds of the Dodgers' opening day. The sights and sounds of the Dodgers' opening day. Caption Fans at the Dodgers 2017 season opener Fans celebrate as the Dodgers open their 2017 season against the San Diego Padres at Dodger Stadium. Fans celebrate as the Dodgers open their 2017 season against the San Diego Padres at Dodger Stadium. Caption Curiosity Correspondent: Learn to throw a pitch in 60 seconds It's the start of the 2017 baseball season and our Curiosity Correspondent, Benjamin Crutcher, went to Los Angeles Dodgers' pitching coach Rick Honeycutt to find out how someone who isn't a pitcher could throw a first pitch at a game and not look terrible. Live coverage of opening day at Dodger Stadium >> It's the start of the 2017 baseball season and our Curiosity Correspondent, Benjamin Crutcher, went to Los Angeles Dodgers' pitching coach Rick Honeycutt to find out how someone who isn't a pitcher could throw a first pitch at a game and not look terrible. Live coverage of opening day at Dodger Stadium >>
andy.mccullough@latimes.com
Twitter: @McCulloughTimes
COUNTDOWN'S Carol Vorderman left little to the imagination in her latest outfit.
Former Countdown presenter Carol Vorderman shared a series of pictures of herself as she enjoyed a day out in Bitton, Bristol. Carol, 57, opted for a skintight grey Calvin Klein vest and black knee-length leggings. The figure-hugging bottoms left little to the imagination as they clung to every curve, showing exactly how she won Rear of the Year two timed before.
TWITTER HANGING AROUND: Carol shared a snap of her hanging off a train
Hot celebrities over 40 40 is the new 20, check out the hot list of celebrities over 40 from Mel B to Liz Hurley. 1 / 55
Carol completed the outfit with hot pink trainers, a baseball cap and sunglasses. In one snap, Carol can be seen hanging off the side of a train while flinging one of her hands out. Her fans rushed to the snap to compliment Carol, with one posting: "That body should stop trains, Vorders."
TWITTER ENJOYING THE SUN: Carol looked like she was having fun in Bristol
TWITTER WEST COUNTRY: Carol paraded her figure in Bristol
Hottest celebs over 40 We prove that age ain't nothing but a number by looking at these sexy celebs! 1 / 22
Another added: "Need more pics of you in this outfit. Sexy." A third chipped in: "How do you keep getting younger and better looking?" A fourth wrote: "So fit it's ridiculous (both types of ‘fit' that is)."
GETTY AWARD-WINNING: Carol recently paraded her figure in tight jeans
Rachel Riley in pictures Rachel Riley is the Carol Vorderman of the naughties. She co-hosts Countdown and here are some of her best pictures 1 / 34 Getty Images Rachel Riley dares to bare in navel-skimming gown with thigh-high slit
ALIEN LIFE: Indian scientists have found three types of bacteria not from earth
The experts believe the remarkable discovery could go some way to proving life exists beyond earth.
The bacteria were found in experiments conducted by the Indian Space Research Organisation.
Astrophysicist Jayant V. Narlikar made the revelation at a space science conference yesterday.
Professor R. K. Chaudhury, of the Indian Institute of Astrophysics, told Sputnik: “Detection of extraterrestrial bacteria highlights the possibility of life beyond earth and it is good news for humanity.
.... anyone for a Cosmo?! No?!
A franchise so mega, it solidified our weekly need for one-too-many cocktails with the ‘gals (with or without the New York backdrop).
We're, of course, referring to Sex and the City– the show that became a film that eventually became a way of life.
Us having a hungover breaky at Spoons with our mates?! Totally looking like this….
However, it would appear that behind the scenes there might have been a lil' more drama than the stuff in the scripts- as the legendary Kim Cattrall, who plays Samantha Jones, has just revealed things aren't always entirely hunky dory between the cast after she pulled out of the third movie…
See: Fans go wild as SATC's Kim Cattrall shares rude Instagram snap to mark her 61st birthday
Speaking on an upcoming episode of Piers Morgan's Life Stories, Kim has revealed with Piers that there really *was* plans for a third SATC movie… but she had eventually pulled the plug!
Speaking of the possibility of a SATC reunion, Kim shares that she felt let down after she decided not to partake: ‘I really think [SJP] could have been nicer. I don't know what her issue is. I never have'.
Yikes!
Furthermore, Kim had reportedly told the Dailymail.com that usually you should get a positive reaction when you decide to leave a job, but she says ‘that's not what happened here' before adding it was like ‘a toxic relationship'.
Speaking with Extra, SJP has her side of the story- revealing she's pretty gutted we'll never get to find out what happens next for Carrie and Co after Samantha (Kim) pulled out.
She reveals, ‘We had this beautiful, funny, heartbreaking, joyful, very relatable script and story… It's not just disappointing that we don't get to tell the story and have that experience, but more so for that audience that has been so vocal in wanting another movie'.
See: Noughties TV shows that we DESPERATELY want to bring back!
Actor Willie Garson– who played Stanford- has also taken to social media to share what appears to be a very thinly veiled dig at Samantha over the third movie.
Willie writes, ‘Dear fans, because I'm “toxic”, I'm going to negotiate a contract for 6 months, not come to terms, then say I never wanted to do it anyway.'.
Many fans have responded to Willie's message, with replies such as ‘Couldn't they just write her off. There were so many other interesting charcters they could bring back. #ripsamanthajones'.
We'd love to hear your thoughts on the SATC beef. Team Carrie or Samantha (or neither)?! Tweet us @CelebsNow.
Alice Perry
The Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) opened for the week on Monday on a downward trend with investors' net worth dropping by 0.21 per cent due to unstable economic environment.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the All-Share Index lost 90 points or 0.21 per cent to close at 41,845.90 compared with 41,935.90 achieved on Friday.
Similarly, the market capitalisation, which opened at N15.001 trillion, shed N32 billion or 0.21 per cent to close at N14.969 trillion following price depreciation.
it will be recalled that the market had maintained a negative posture in spite of improved audited results released by some companies.
Commenting on the market performance, an economist, Sheriffdeen Tella, a Professor of Economics at Olabisi Onabanjo University, Ago-Iwoye, Ogun, attributed the development to unstable economic environment.
Tella told NAN that non-passage of the 2018 budget by the National Assembly and absence of monetary policy to fine tune the economy was affecting stability in the stock market.
According to him, investors are continued to be risk averse.
He said that foreign investors were unsure of the macro-economic direction, while the local investors too were affected by absence of information asymmetry in the market.
Tella said that the bearish trend would likely dominate the market this week, unless approval was giving for membership of the Monetary Policy Committee and a greater commitment to the passage of 2018 budget.
A breakdown of the price movement table indicated that Nigerian Breweries topped the losers' chart, declining by N4.50 to close at N128.50 per share.
Cadbury trailed with a loss of N1.65 to close at N15.45, while Stanbic IBTC lost N1 to close at N49 per share.
Ecobank Transnational Incorporated depreciated by 95k to close at N18.85, while NASCON Allied Industries was down by 65k to close at N19.35 per share.
On the other hand, Dangote Cement led the gainers' table, increasing by N1 to close at N265 per share.
PZ followed with a gain of 55k to close at N23.55, while Zenith Bank appreciated by 40k to close at N28 per share.
Guaranty Trust Bank added 40k to close at N28, while C &I Leasing advanced by 18k to close at N1.99 per share.
Also, the volume of shares traded dropped by 23.19 per cent as investors bought and sold 327.76 million shares worth N5.26 billion in 5,366 deals.
This was against the 426.73 million shares valued at N7.09 billion exchanged in 5,191 deals on Friday.
Zenith Bank was the most active stock, exchanging 128.97 million shares worth N3.49 billion.
FBN Holdings followed with an account of 23.78 million shares valued at N276.31 million, while Fidelity Bank traded 16.68 million shares worth N37.99 million.
Access Bank sold 11.69 million shares valued at N136.81 million, while Transcorp exchanged 11.47 million shares worth N19.18 million.
The potential for temporary British membership of the European Economic Area after it leaves the European Union would be both challenging and costly to handle, Norway's Prime Minister Erna Solberg told Reuters on Monday.
ARENDAL, Norway: Norway cast doubt on Monday that Britain could easily join it in a half way house trading group after Brexit.
Prime Minister Erna Solberg told Reuters it would be challenging and costly for Britain to rejoin, even temporarily, the European Free Trade Association, or EFTA, because it would bring with it some of the obligations that Britain objects to in its dealings with the European Union.
Membership of EFTA, which London helped found in 1960 but later left, is one option being discussed to allow Britain to remain in the EU's common market - the European Economic Area.
"There would be a cost they would have to share, and an authority outside their border that could impose binding decisions on them, which is not entirely in line with what they've said they want," Solberg said on the sidelines of a news conference.
She added that Norway was nonetheless "prepared for various scenarios".
It is far from clear whether London would want to rejoin EFTA, although there are various ideas being floated to stop a "cliff edge" Brexit in 2019 in which British business is left hanging.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Oslo, which has chosen to remain out of the EU but follows many of its rules, is closely following divorce talks between Brussels and London.
EU negotiator Michel Barnier visited Norway earlier this year to reassure Norwegians they would be kept in the loop about the talks.
Norway is concerned, among other things, about the fate of Norwegians living in Britain after Brexit; fisheries policy; what kind of terms would be given to Britain after Brexit and whether Britain would get preferential treatment over Norway.
Within EFTA, all member countries have to approve new members, giving each a theoretical veto. Current members are Norway, Iceland, Switzerland and Liechtenstein.
Alongside being members of EFTA, Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein also have free movement of goods, services and people with the 28-nation EU. Switzerland is outside that deal.
(Writing by Terje Solsvik and Gwladys Fouche, editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
ATLANTA (AP) — Dansby Swanson hit an RBI single with two outs in the ninth inning and the Atlanta Braves, boosted by Freddie Freeman's two home runs, beat the San Diego Padres 5-4 Monday night for a four-game sweep in their first series at SunTrust Park.
Swanson's bases-loaded hit fell just in front of diving left fielder Allen Cordoba. The Braves have followed a five-game losing streak with five straight wins.
Freeman had four hits and drove in three runs. His second homer tied it in the eighth.
Jim Johnson (2-0) pitched the ninth.
Kurt Suzuki hit a one-out single in the Braves ninth off closer Brandon Maurer (0-1). With two outs, pinch runner Chase d'Arnaud advanced to third on Emilio Bonifacio's bloop single in front of Cordoba's dive.
An intentional walk to Ender Inciarte loaded the bases for Swanson, whose first career game-ending hit again fell beyond the reach of a charging Cordoba.
Many Cold Lakers participated in the #JerseysforHumboldt initiative last Thursday, which was organized to support victims of the deadly Humboldt crash.
The message behind the campaign, which was created by a group of British Columbia hockey moms was: “We are all one team.”
Jersey Day organizer Jennifer Pinch said she wants Humboldt to know it's not alone. Last Wednesday, she braced herself for what she was expecting to be an emotional day .
“I work in a retail environment and I've I already decided if someone comes in wearing a jersey I'm going to start to cry,” said Pinch, who lives in Langley, B.C., as she anticipated the day ahead.
Pinch urged participants to post a photo of themselves in a jersey on social media with #jerseysforhumboldt.
(Reuters Health) - Although many doctors offer patients with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) a variety of treatments in addition to drugs, a new review suggests there's not enough evidence that medication alternatives work.
Researchers examined results from 54 studies of non-pharmaceutical ADHD treatments like cognitive behavioral therapy, parent training, special diets, and supplements like omega-3 fatty acids. Overall, these studies were too small, brief or varied in how they measured results for researchers to draw firm conclusions about which approaches might actually work for kids with ADHD.
Advertisement
"Just because we did not find scientific evidence, does not mean that these treatments are ineffective," said senior author Dr. Alex Kemper of Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus, Ohio.
More than 1 in 10 U.S. kids are diagnosed with ADHD, which is characterized by social and behavioral problems as well as challenges in school like difficulty with focusing or sitting still. Stimulant medications can help with some behavior and attention issues.
Almost two-thirds of these kids are prescribed stimulants, which should be among the first treatments tried for the condition, Kemper said by email.
The American Academy of Pediatrics, which advises most primary care providers for kids, recommends that doctors prescribe stimulants or behavior therapy, or both.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Because it's difficult to diagnose ADHD in children younger than 4 years old, many doctors recommend behavior therapy as a first approach with preschoolers, particularly if parents or teachers can work with children to help improve focus, concentration and interactions with other kids. With older children, medication may be the first approach, alone or in combination with behavior therapy.
Some forms of behavior therapy for ADHD are designed to help kids improve focus, attention and organization, while others concentrate on reducing disruptive behavior that can make it hard for children to make friends or do well in school.
In the current analysis, the small studies of cognitive training showed no benefit at all or only a short-term improvement in ADHD symptoms, researchers note in the journal Pediatrics. These studies were too small, however, to draw broad conclusions about how well cognitive training might really work.
Similarly, studies looking at child or parent training programs yielded mixed results, measuring different types of interventions in different ways, which made it hard to determine how well these approaches might work.
In addition, the studies that tested supplements containing omega-3 fatty acids also failed to show meaningful changes in ADHD symptoms based on assessments of children done by their parents or teachers.
Because ADHD can mean different symptoms from one kid to the next, children need an accurate and comprehensive diagnosis before it's really possible to decide which treatments might work best in their situation, said Dr. Timothy Wilens, chief of the division of child and adolescent psychiatry at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston.
"It is important to assess the level of impairment related to the ADHD, as well as contributing factors to the child's problems that will ultimately need to be addressed," Wilens, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
"For children over age 6 years, medications should be considered first line therapy for ADHD and nonpharmacological treatments should be considered adjunct to medication in specific groups," Wilens added.
Given the lack of clear evidence to recommend alternatives to treatment with medication, parents may want to consider cost as a way to decide what options they try first, advised Aaron Seitz, director of the Brain Game Center at the University of California, Riverside.
"Don't spend your life-savings on some non-traditional approach that promises the world but charges an arm and a leg," Kemper, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
"However, it is worth trying out various lower-cost solutions that might complement existing treatment," Kemper added. "It is likely that a combination of medicine and behavioral interventions will be best suited for many and it is worth finding a doctor who can help monitor and guide you through the path of evaluating how some of the non-pharmacological approaches could be beneficial and to potentially experiment with the approach that works best."
SOURCE: https://bit.ly/2H4c64S Pediatrics, online May 30, 2018.
THE VAST blaze that ravaged large swathes of Saddleworth Moor in Greater Manchester is being investigated as arson by police.
Greater Manchester Police has launched an arson investigation into the cause of the fire that started on the moorland near Buckton Vale in Tameside on June 24. Hundreds of firefighters and soldiers have been drafted in to battle the blaze – that spanned 6 km (6,000m) of moorland at one stage – in extremely difficult conditions. Witnesses have reported seeing a group of people lighting a bonfire at around 7.30pm on Sunday 24 June on the moors near the Stalybridge estate. GMP is pursuing the possibility that the fire was started by the bonfire as one line of enquiry.
DS ARSON PROBE: Police are investigating whether the Saddleworth Moor fire was started on purpose
In a statement, Greater Manchester Police (GMP) said: "The moorland fire in Tameside is now being investigated as arson. "An investigation has been launched into the cause of the fire on Saddleworth Moor following initial enquiries with Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service (GMFRS)." Dozens of their residents were evacuated from their homes last month after the fire spread rapidly thanks to the intense heatwave baking Britain.
Fire chiefs “requested military assistance” from the Ministry of Defence (MoD) to help contain the fire and extinguish the flames with specialist equipment.
Helicopters were dispatched to pour water over the moorland, where thick plumes of smoke were seen streaming into the sky for miles around. Strong gusts fanning the flames and dry conditions made worse by the hot weather made it difficult for firefighters to tackle the “biggest fire in living memory”.
Two weeks on, and the fire has been brought under control, but continues to burn as the hot weather looks set to last for the next week at least, exacerbating the situation. Since then, two other blazes have broken out on Winter Hill and Scout Road near Bolton, close to where the large Saddleworth Moor wildfire continues to burn. Over the weekend a major incident was declared by fire chiefs after the fires combined into one massive blaze after flames were blown by increasingly powerful winds. More than 120 firefighters on Sunday launched a “large scale attack” against the wildfire. Tony Crook, from Lancashire Fire and Rescue Service, said a police helicopter spotted people "actually starting fires" on the moorland.
Families flee after RAGING fire sweeps Saddleworth moor A raging fire has broken out in the Saddleworth moors, Greater Manchester. 1 / 24 SWNS.com Smoke from the fire on Saddleworth Moor blows into Greater Manchester
“The moorland fire is now being investigated as arson” Greater Manchester Police Chief Superintendent Neil Evans, Territorial Policing Commander for Tameside, said his team are searching through dusty ash and burnt grass in order to establihs the source of the fire. He said: “The moorland fire is now being investigated as arson following information from local witnesses and initial inquiries.” “The scale of this fire is exceptional and we are treating it with the utmost seriousness. “That said, we are under no illusion that solid evidence as to where the fire started and what was the cause, will not be easy to establish."
Manchester SCORCHED: The Saddleworth Moor fire continues to burn two weeks after it started
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man who fell asleep next to his wife on a cruise ship sunbed was shocked to wake up and find she was missing.
Two months on, the pensioner's dead body has been found in a ship ventilation shaft.
German Ernst Bechstein has slammed the crew for allegedly not carrying out a proper search of the ship, claiming his wife Imelda could still be alive had they done so.
The 74-year-old Mr Bechstein admitted his wife, who is the same age, could sometimes become disorientated and must have wandered into the engine room and toppled into the ventilation shaft.
He first reported her missing when he woke up from the sun lounger to discover her missing, but her body has only been found TWO MONTHS later.
(Photo: CEN)
The couple were on their way back from Sardinia, Italy, to their home in Munich, in Bavaria in Germany, after they had spent a week on the sunny Italian island to escape the gloomy German autumn weather.
On 30th October, the couple took a Tirrenia ferry from Porto Torres in Sardinia back to Genoa on the Italian mainland.
Mr Bechstein said: "We rested in sleeping-chairs. When I woke up later, my wife had disappeared."
The pensioner looked all over the "Sharden" ferry, which can carry up to 2,908 passengers and 850 cars, but could not locate his wife.
The captain, who was not named in local media, had then given the order to search the entire ship but they could not locate Imelda.
For weeks, people wondered if Imelda might have fallen overboard or if she might have been the victim of a crime.
(Photo: CEN)
But now it has been reported that her body has been found on board the vessel in the crew's maintenance shaft.
Mr Bechstein said: "She should not have been able to enter the engine room area, it should have been curtained off."
He claimed that if the crew had carried out a more thorough search "she might still have been alive" today.
The exact extent of the crew's search is unknown.
Recent autopsy results showed that Imelda had died the night after she vanished and no other signs of violence were found on the body other than injuries from falling down the shaft.
The body of the woman is still held in Genoa as the public prosecutor has not given a green light yet to release it.
Mr Bechstein said he just wants to see the body of his wife return home as soon as possible.
He said: "I want to be able to at least bury my wife. She should finally find her last resting place."
Walmart is offering its 1.4 million employees in the U.S. a new perk: affordable access to a college degree.
America's largest private employer, which in the past has helped its workers get their high school degrees or GEDs, hopes the new benefit will help it recruit and retain higher quality entry-level employees in a tight U.S. labor market.
The retailer is teaming up with Denver-based startup Guild Education to offer employees the chance to obtain a bachelor's degree in business or supply-chain management. It will cost a dollar a day at one of three non-profit universities with online programs: the University of Florida, Brandman University and Bellevue University. All three have had success working with adult learners.
The retailer plans to eventually expand to more types of degrees. It will also offer college-prep classes for workers who need extra help to bridge high school and higher education. Walmart is subsidizing the cost of tuition, books and fees, eliminating the need for student loans.
Both full-time and part-time workers who have been with the company at least 90 days will be able to qualify, Walmart said. About 68,000 of Walmart's 1.4 million U.S. employees are expected to enroll in the first five years, based on interest from its workers, said Julie Murphy, executive vice president of people at Bentonville, Arkansas-based Walmart.
"We know training and learning opportunities empower associates to deliver for customers while growing and advancing in their careers," Walmart CEO Greg Foran said in a press release.
The move underscores how retailers, restaurant chains and other service businesses are under increasing pressure to improve the skills of their entry-level workers at a time when their jobs are getting more complicated due to the rise of online shopping, steeper competition from Amazon and more demanding shoppers.
The partnership with Guild Education, which was founded in 2015, goes beyond Walmart's current program covering the cost of workers and eligible family members for earning a high school diploma or GED equivalent. The company also grooms managers at its Walmart Training Academy, and has a career program for entry-level workers.
Guild Education works with other national chains, including Chipotle Mexican Grill, Taco Bell and Lowe's, on their employee education programs. But Rachel Carlson, CEO and co-founder of Guild Education, says its partnership with Walmart is unique in several ways, including its low upfront costs.
Walmart's move puts it in the corporate benefits league of Starbucks, which three years ago began offering four years of tuition for an online college degree from Arizona State University.
The college program follows Walmart's announcement in January that it wouldraise the starting wage for employees from $9 to $11 per hour and give some employees bonuses of up to $1,000.
Another sign of change in a tight labor market: Walmart is also considering loosening the dress code that employees at its roughly 5,000 U.S. stores are required to follow. Under a pilot for the new policy, workers at 100 stores are being allowed to wear blue jeans, provided they are solid blue, and may wear a solid-color shirt of their choosing, a company spokesman said. Walmart's current dress code only permits khaki-colored or black denim pants and solid blue or white shirts.
© 2018 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Kimilili MP Didmus Barasa wants Treasury CS Henry Rotich Fired.
Baraza who was accompanied by his Saboti counterpart Caleb Amisi, explained that the CS ought to have put a ceiling on the quantity of sugar that was to be imported by traders during the window he issued.
“The CS is genesis of all the problems we are facing and perhaps he maybe party to the overwhelming importation of contraband sugar. It is high time President Kenyatta sent him packing,” said Kimilili MP.
CS Rotich in May 2017 issued a gazette notice that allowed anyone to import sugar duty free into the country. This was after an acute shortage of the commodity was reported in different parts of the country.
“To ensure that sugar cartels are incapacitated and prosecuted and our dead sugar factories that are on their death bed are resuscitated, Rotich must go,” added the lawmaker.
He further claimed that his bedroom skills have been greatly affected by ingesting unsafe sugar.
“Hii sukari tangu niache kutumia sasa mama anasema mambo iko sawa sawa (since I stopped taking sugar, my wife is now happy and approves of my performance),” said Barasa, adding that his plans to have a big family were ruined by effects of sugar, leaving him with only two children.
Posted by Josh Alper on April 17, 2017, 5:06 PM EDT
A couple of Browns players took care of some contract housekeeping as the team started their offseason work on Monday.
Cornerback Marcus Burley signed his restricted free agent tender and running back George Atkinson III signed his exclusive rights free agent tender. Burley is set to make $1.797 million this season while Atkinson is on the books for $615,000.
Both players saw the majority of their time in 2016 on special teams. Burley only played 29 snaps on defense after being claimed off of waivers from the Seahawks at the start of the regular season. He had eight tackles overall and recorded two interceptions in 26 games with Seattle in 2014 and 2015.
Atkinson ran the ball seven times for 34 yards and a touchdown and also returned eight kickoffs over the course of the season. He added six tackles on special teams on top of those contributions.
Getty Images
The Jacksonville Jaguars have eased back on the workload for quarterback Blake Bortles in recent days. Head coach Doug Marrone says the reason is because he believes Bortles is dealing with a tired throwing arm.
“I just saw that his arm looked tired,” Marrone said, via the Associated Press. “So rather than push him knowing he was going to get all the reps that we needed for these next couple of days, I just said, ‘Hey, it's my decision.' He said, ‘Hey, I'm good. I can go.' I said, ‘Look, let's just be smart.'”
Bortles was intercepted twice during the Jaguars' practice on Sunday. Marrone initially called the decision to scale back Bortles' reps as putting the fourth-year quarterback on a “pitch count.”
He then clarified the comments toward Bortles on Monday.
Bortles has struggled to find consistent success in his three seasons as the Jaguars' quarterback. He's never completed more than 59 percent of his passes for a season, thrown at least 16 interceptions each year and been a part of just eight wins over that span. While wins certainly don't fall completely on the quarterback's plate, the position usually can go a pretty significant way toward determining which team wins on a given Sunday.
They'll need him to take a major leap forward to justify keeping him beyond the 2017 season.
Scores continued to improve for the Weston High boys golf team when it hosted Bethel on Monday for a 179-193 win. The non-league match victory improve Weston's record to 3-1 overall (2-1 in the South-West Conference).
Rob Waltzman led the way for the Trojans and was medalist with a 40, the team's low score for the year. Connor Meccay and Matt Lagana followed with 46s and Tyler Melito posted a 47.
Wes Patel rebounded from a tough first two holes to shoot 51 and Grant Gulino shot 53.
Mahendra Singh Dhoni is no longer an automatic choice in one-day internationals and the former India captain needs to keep performing to be involved in the 2019 World Cup, chief selector MSK Prasad has said.
REUTERS: Mahendra Singh Dhoni is no longer an automatic choice in one-day internationals and the former India captain needs to keep performing to be involved in the 2019 World Cup, chief selector MSK Prasad has said.
The wicketkeeper-batsman announced his sudden and stunning retirement from test cricket midway through an Australia series in 2014, with the Boxing Day match in Melbourne being the last of his 90 appearances in the longer format.
He has continued to compete in 50-over and Twenty20 internationals but questions are being asked in the local media if Dhoni, who will be 38 in 2019, will still be in the India side at the England and Wales-hosted tournament.
"Whenever a player keeps ageing... I was just reading (Andre) Agassi's book "Open", his life actually started after 30 years," Prasad told reporters in Pallekele on Monday as India completed a 3-0 test series sweep of Sri Lanka.
"Till then he won two or three (grand slams). His actual life started after that.
"He lived with media pressure, 'When are you going to retire?' But he played till 36 and he won so many grand slams. So you never know.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We don't say it is an automatic this thing... but we will see. We are all stakeholders. We all want the Indian team to do well. If he is delivering, why not? If he is not, we will have to look at alternatives."
Dhoni, who stepped down as limited-overs captain in January, was once considered India's best finisher and no target was deemed out of reach with the boundary-hitting right-hander at the crease.
Although Dhoni remains supremely fit and his glove work is still of the highest quality, opinions are divided over whether age is catching up with his batting abilities.
Prasad said the selection committee has had discussions about Dhoni but refused to answer when asked if he would also be occasionally rested as India worked towards their core group for the 2019 World Cup.
"We will see, we will see. The legend that he is, we don't want to make it... but yes we have a plan," he said.
India omitted 35-year-old batsman Yuvraj Singh from their squad for the upcoming limited-overs series in Sri Lanka but Prasad clarified it was part of their rotation policy ahead of the 2019 World Cup.
(Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai; Editing by John O'Brien)
- Advertisement -
Governor Rochas Okorocha of Imo State explained why he created the much maligned Ministry of Happiness and Purpose Fulfillment.
Speaking when officers of the Nigerian Air Force led by the Air Officer Commanding Ground Training Command, AVM Sampson Akpasa, visited him at the Government House at the weekend, the Governor said the creation of the ministry followed his observation that 89 per cent of Nigerians are not happy.
He said this was why agitations, insurgency, hate-speeches among others are prevalent in the country now.
He said: “But one thing is certain, if you can observe recently, the level of crisis and agitations are on the increase in every nook and cranny of the society. While we fight insurgency, I would want to advise that we should also go deep down to find the root cause of this agitation.”
“For this reason, I will advise that the Air force too just like what I have done recently, which most people didn't understand, should create a department for Happiness and Purpose Fulfillment.
“This will help to address the need of even junior officers, who may have some forms of dissatisfaction in the discharge of their duties. Sometimes, you may think that they are happy but they are not, and this sabotages the efforts of the federal government.
- Advertisement -
“This is what has given rise to hate-speeches and people becoming indolent and not wanting to contribute positively to the development of their country. So, you will notice that about 89 percent of Nigerians are not happy, seven percent claim to be happy and about four percent are really happy to some extents. So this vital aspect of human existence which is happiness must be addressed.
“Mentorship is another aspect which can make people achieve their purpose in life. If people are happy, there will be less agitation. The amount of money we spend on aircraft and in the purchase of arms would have reduced by 50 percent. This could also bring to an end the issues of restructuring, Niger Delta and all other forms of agitations.
“In Imo State, we have decided to take the bull by the horn by introducing that very important Ministry of Happiness and Purpose Fulfillment. We are starting with children in secondary schools in order to catch them young and guide them to what they wish to be in life. So, I urge the Air force to emulate what we are doing in the state to let everyone have a sense of belonging.”
Editor's note: In this piece, Safarigirl, shares life lessons people can learn from the recently concluded Big Brorther Naija 2018.
Safarigirl listed eight lessons that Nigerians can learn from the behaviour and strategies put in place by housemates of the recently concluded BBNaija show.
Safarigirl shared the list of the lesson in a descending order. Read below:
8. Pride Goes Before A Fall
Case Study: Teddy A
"How can viewers vote for Nina and CeeC and not Bambam?"
"Miracle and Nina are obviously the weakest pair"
"I am the Alphamale in this house"
Teddy A had an ego to rival Zlatan Ibrahimovic's....but not the achievements to match. Teddy was the male antagonist of this show; proud and boisterous, he elevated himself in the house, forgetting that viewers had the ultimate say and not him. He looked down on his fellow HMs multiple times, until he was humbled by eviction.
Sometimes, we look down on people perceived to be beneath us, forgetting that it is God that elevates us. A perceived weakling, might turn out to be stronger than the perceived strong person. Never put yourself on a pedestal, stay humble, after all, in the words of Efe "Who I Be?"
7. Never Play Safe
Case Study: Rico Swavey
Rico was one character that didn't leave much of a lasting impression on viewers aside the fact that he was a good-looking guy who could cook. He had no outstanding moments in the house, always staying in the shadows and choosing not to ruffle any feathers
At a point, viewers found him a cunning character, it also didn't help that he barely came up, so, when he finally did, he was easy to discard of.
READ ALSO: Governor Rochas Okorocha congratulates BBNaija 2018 winner Miracle
Never relegate yourself to the background, always find a way to stand out. The actors will always be remembered, but the spectators will be no more than a face in the crowd
6. Everyone Needs A Good Fixer
Case Study: Bella Nwadiora (CeeC) & Nina's Sister.
Olivia Pope might be the best fixer in all of Washington, but on BBNaija, we witnessed a real FIXER- Bella Nwadiora, the sister of CeeC. Bella Nwadiora is touted as a lady who has worked harder than Buhari this year
Bella had the arduous task of defending CeeC on the outside, she had the mountainous job of making a Bitter Demon, look like a Misunderstood Angel and she pulled it off! CeeC owes her large fan base to her sister's incredible ability to spin everything her way. Bella was never on the attack, she played the defense, she explained away CeeC's behaviour, she got people to love her, flaws and all. She did not need to even drag the other HMs to hell and back.
Switch things up, and you have Nina's sister, who was not so gifted in the art of spinning stories. Nina's sister resorted to attacking personalities, rather than explaining a personality. She was always on the attack, always ready to blame others for her sister's shortcomings, quick to attribute everything to her naivete and her age....none of which worked eventually as Nina was never able to stand out of Miracle's shadow
In the same vein, it is necessary that we have a good fixer close by when we need one. You may not always have the opportunity to clean up your mess yourself, so, just hope you have the right support to do it for you
5. Experience Is The Best Teacher
Case Study: Team Teddy A and Team Tobi
One of the things I always stick by, is that one should always test their strengths in certain areas before they embark on them. Don't go into a business without foreknowledge of it, don't put your money on a MAYBE.
The greatest undoings of Teams Teddy A and Tobi is that they assumed they had the fan base to pull through. They did not work on established strengths, but on assumed strengths.
This assumption, led to Teddy A's eviction and eventually, to Tobi coming third. If they had gotten the requisite experience, they would have known where they stood with the fans and would have known how best to vote. This particularly goes for Team Tobi, they had been relaxing too much, and so, when the finals came, they didn't have a proper idea on how best to share the funds for voting, they weren't as prepared as Team Miracle and Team CeeC, who had all the voting experience required to push their favs
Experience is always the best teacher.
4 As Much As You Can, Mind Your Business
Case Study: Miracle, Tobi, Alex
Miracle is one HM who took full advantage of this saying. Miracle's MYB game was so on point, he should write a book about it. He kept away from conflicts between HMs, he always focused on himself and the task at hand, he took care to never be caught in a gossip session. He withdrew himself from quarrels and shouting sessions....hell, mans could walk past two people going at each other, and he wouldn't say a word.
This uncanny ability kept him away from unnecessary confrontations, and by extension, enemies. He was always straightforward, always said things as he felt it, not as someone wanted it to be. He no dey look Uche face
Tolex on the other hand, had a thing for making other people's business theirs. They spoke about everybody, called out some people, got into other people's confrontations and inevitably, made unnecessary enemies.
Minding Your Business is key. It will take you far. It helped Miracle win virtually all the tasks he needed to. It will help you win your own tasks too, and you won't rack up enemies in the process
3. Never Let Your Emotions Rule You
Case Study: CeeC, Khloe, K Brule
CeeC was the official villain of this show...so vile a person was she, that even Google Search identified her as a Bitter Woman. CeeC's hubris was her anger; consuming and fiery, she let it push her every day. She was unable to leash her anger, and when it mattered most that she reel in her anger, the emotion rules over her
In the final week, twice CeeC had the opportunity to prove to the world that she was a victim of the Toraclex Gang, and twice she failed, with Tobi, her failure proved fatal as it marked the sealing of her fate. This time, the whole world witnessed her meltdown and it proved a downfall.
Khloe, was another HM whose anger led her to eventual disqualification, an incident that ruined her chances, even at her second missionary journey
K Brule, her partner, was erratic, jumping from an up stair, and breaking his ankle, got him a strike. Threatening a HM, got him a second strike that sealed his fate with Khloe.
Like CeeC, many have anger as their weakness....sometimes, it can lead one to lose things that should matter, in this case, CeeC lost sympathy and by extension, votes
2. Surround Yourself With Positive People
Case Study: Tobi, Miracle, Alex, Nina and CeeC
Who you are is just as important as who you're with. Your personality can very much be determined by the people you surround yourself with. Your accomplishments can also be determined by those with whom you spend the most time with.
Tobi started the season with CeeC, so toxic was she, that it rubbed off on him. He excluded himself from interactions with other HMs, he was relegated to a life of always apologising and pleading with CeeC. This toxic life sucked the joy out of him, he continually looked depressed when he was with her.
In the course of the show though, Tobi was released from CeeC's shackles and found happiness with Alex. He returned to the bubbly personality viewers loved on Day 1, he was always happy, he smiled more, played more and interacted more. He was able to win back his fans with his relationship with the trio of Miracle, Alex and Nina.
Alex, on the other hand, wasn't a serious person, a free spirit through and through, she never bothered to put her all in with tasks, always finishing last or close enough to last. However, her relationship with the Toracle boys helped her understand the importance of focus. She was able to win the most important HoH in the final week and 500k in another task alongside Miracle. Perhaps, without such positive souls, she would have gone home empty handed
We should all remember that positive vibes help us focus, it gives us peace of mind, it makes us happier and healthier even. Never surround yourself with toxic people who continually blame you for all that is wrong with the world. Always befriend people who encourage you to be the best of yourself, not of someone else.
1. Love is Love
Case Study: BamTeddy, Mina, CeeC, Tolex
It doesn't matter what you do, people who love you, will always love you and stand for you. They will defend you in the good and the bad. Love is love
BamTeddy and Mina had s*x on Live TV, an act frowned upon in the Nigerian society, but their fans stood for them through it all, they loved them more. They thrived in spite of what should have tainted them.
Tolex were known as the gossip pair, but their fans only saw love, it didn't matter that they gossiped. It didn't matter that Tobi was immature or Alex was a 'snake'...it's human to gossip.
And CeeC, need I say more about the real Double Wahala this season. She must have argued with half the house, repeatedly, she was an inferno, razing down every relationship she should have built, but through it all, her fans stood by her. They loved and believed in her, there was a valid explanation for everything, she was lost and needed help, she was a victim of her anger and of the hate of other HMs.
PAY ATTENTION: Get the Latest Nigerian News on NAIJ.com News App
Through it all, fans stood by each of these people. Someone who loves you, will love your flaws and all. They will wish you the best, they will be worried about you, they will stand by you through it all, because love is love
The views and opinions expressed here are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of NAIJ.com.
Your own opinion articles are welcome at info@corp.naij.com— drop an email telling us what you want to write about and why. More details in NAIJ.com's step-by-step guide for guest contributors.
We're ready to trade your news for our money: submit news and photo reports from your area using our Citizen Journalism App.
Contact us if you have any feedback, suggestions, complaints or compliments. We are also available on Twitter.
BBNaija 2018: Here's why you should vote for Miracle, Alex and Tobi | Naij.com TV - on NAIJ.com TV.
[embedded content]
Source: Naija.ng
U.S. President Donald Trump returned to Washington on Monday to authorize an inquiry into China's alleged theft of intellectual property, a step that analysts say is aimed at pressuring Beijing into a negotiated settlement to revise its practices.
WASHINGTON: U.S. President Donald Trump returned to Washington on Monday to authorize an inquiry into China's alleged theft of intellectual property, a step that analysts say is aimed at pressuring Beijing into a negotiated settlement to revise its practices.
Trump broke from his 17-day vacation in New Jersey to sign a presidential memorandum at the White House, set for 3 p.m. The order will instruct U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to look into whether to investigate China's trade policies on intellectual property, which the White House says are harming U.S. businesses and jobs.
The action is likely to escalate tensions with Beijing at a time when Washington has asked for its help on North Korea.
"Much work to do. Focus on trade and military," Trump said on Twitter in reference to the upcoming announcement.
China's policy of forcing foreign companies to turn over technology to Chinese joint venture partners and failure to crack down on intellectual property theft have been longstanding problems for U.S. administrations.
Although Trump constantly criticized China's trade practices on the campaign trail, his administration has not taken direct action against Beijing. It declined to name China a currency manipulator and has delayed broader national security probes into imports of foreign steel and aluminum that could indirectly affect China.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In an editorial on Monday, the state-run newspaper China Daily said the investigation will "poison" relations and warned the Trump administration not to make a rash decision it could regret.
The investigation could take up to a year, according to administration officials, opening the door to a settlement before a possible investigation is launched.
Matthew Goodman, a senior adviser for Asian economics at the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies, said Beijing would likely resist negotiating under the threat of trade sanctions but could be amenable to a backdoor deal.
"I'm sure they will formally reject this if an investigation is launched and there is an implication this is going to require negotiation to resolve it," Goodman said. "But will they quietly be willing to talk about some of the underlying concerns?"
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
Jonathan Fenby, an analyst at the TS Lombard consultancy, said China was not interested in a short-term trade fix with the United States and will resist "attempts to tie it down."
Trump had been expected to seek a so-called Section 301 investigation earlier this month, but an announcement was postponed as the White House pressured for China's cooperation on North Korea.
Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974, a popular trade tool in the 1980s that has been rarely used in the past decade, allows the president to unilaterally impose tariffs or other trade restrictions to protect U.S. industries from "unfair trade practices" of foreign countries.
(Reporting by Lesley Wroughton; Editing by Leslie Adler)
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
Almost a week before the Nitish Kumar-led JD(U) is to formally become part of the NDA, the Sharad Yadav-led faction says it has the support of 14 of 17 state presidents and has staked claim over the party.According to a Sharad Yadav supporter, their faction has near unanimous support from senior leaders of the party, including a couple of its parliamentarians.The Sharad Yadav faction has called a national convention in Delhi on August 17, two days before Nitish Kumar is scheduled to formally join forces with the BJP. Among the issues that are likely to be discussed at the national convention are the modalities regarding the JD(U)'s election symbol. More importantly, when and how to claim it."We spoke to all our state unit presidents to get their views on Nitish's idea of alliance with the BJP. Except three, everyone agreed that it was a bad idea," said senior JD(U) leader Arun Shrivastava, who was recently sacked as the party's general secretary by Nitish Kumar.Shrivastava, a close aide of Yadav, said the question of the election symbol will be discussed in the August 17 national convention of the party and the question of “who the real JD(U) is” will be settled by the people who attend the meeting.Shrivastava claimed that the dissent over Nitish Kumar's decision to join forces with the BJP was not being challenged by just a few people."Take, for instance, our party's Kerala unit president and Rajya Sabha MP Veerendra Kumar who expressed dissent on the question of allying with the BJP. (Another Rajya Sabha MP Ali Anwar also spoke against it). Then it was Maharashtra party president and MLC Kapil Patil, who publicly defied Nitish by first voting for Meira Kumar (in presidential elections) and then criticising the tie-up with the BJP," Shrivastava said.He cited the example of the party's eight-time MLA from Gujarat, Chotubhai Vasava, whose vote in the recent Rajya Sabha elections in the state proved crucial for Ahmed Patel's victory."He also made his position against the idea of allying with the BJP pretty clear. Questioning Nitish, Vasava said that when he'd spent all his life fighting the communal forces of the BJP, how could Nitish expect him to participate in his decision?"According to the Yadav aide, except the units of Bihar, Jharkhand and Silvasa, all other party units had pledged their support to Sharad Yadav."Nitish should remember that he was a guest in our party. It was Sharad Yadav who built the party units across the country. Bihar se baahar unhone 13 din nahi bitayein hain pure jeevankaal mein (In his career, Nitish has not spent even 13 days outside Bihar)."It is not long before the question of who actually runs the party will be decided. Members of both factions and observers will now be looking at shows of strength by the two leaders later this week.
Former Vice President of Nigeria, Atiku Abubakar, has commended the National Assembly for its decision to amend the constitution to formally provide for state police and community policing in the country.
This, he said, would deal with the current deteriorating state of insecurity characterised by persistent loses of lives of innocent Nigerians at the hands of armed groups.
Atiku Abubakar said that the lawmakers have by their action, demonstrated courage in seizing the initiative to intervene in the country's security crisis.
Recalling the massacres in Zamfara, Benue, Plateau, Taraba, Adamawa and Kaduna States and the murder of seven policemen in Abuja while on active duty, the former Vice President noted that decisive action is needed to address the current security challenges.
According to him, given the seeming despair and helplessness of the citizens in the face of frequent deadly attacks, the National Assembly has a responsibility to give legal teeth to the creation of state police and community policing in the country.
“A peculiar crisis demands a decisive action, and I am one hundred percent behind the National Assembly in their efforts to strengthen the hands of state governments in providing security to their citizens,” Atiku said.
The Waziri Adamawa noted that leaving the citizens to their fate is not an option, adding that once a democratic government seems overwhelmed or paralyzed by security challenges, the initiative by the National Assembly should be welcomed by all Nigerians.
The former Vice explained that security strategies should be periodically reviewed because the criminals involved are also studying the weaknesses and strengths of our security system.
According to him, the state should always be ahead of the criminals or should be able to develop strategies that can neutralise them before they even strike.
Atiku called on Nigerians to support the National Assembly and State Houses of Assembly in this bold decision to amend the constitution to create state police and community policing.
He extended his condolences to the families of the policemen and others killed by the bandits.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP)  Aetna and Humana are calling off a $34 billion deal to combine the two major health insurers after a federal judge, citing antitrust concerns, shot down the deal.
Humana is entitled to a $1 billion breakup fee after the mutual decision to call off the tie-up, first announced in the summer of 2015.
It was the second major deal shot down in federal courts in as many months.
Another federal judge rejected Blue Cross-Blue Shield carrier Anthem's bid to buy Cigna. Anthem is appealing that decision.
It's rare to find low budget, guerilla-style documentaries at major film festivals in these days of highly polished productions, but “To the Four Winds” hits the right political buttons, especially for France. Using an old DV Cam, Michel Toesca filmed tenacious farmer Cédric Herrou over the course of three years as he welcomed refugees into his corner of the mountainous Roya valley, nestled along the French-Italian border. Clear in its focus on those assisting refugees rather than on the refugees themselves, the documentary charts the resilience of Herrou and a few other unintentional activists as they fight changeable law enforcement in the Alpes-Maritimes department of France's southeast. “Four Winds” is a natural for human rights festivals and strands.
Most years, single farmer Herrou would be cultivating his olive trees, but beginning around 2015, he realized that scores of refugees, primarily from Africa, were crossing the wild terrain of the Roya valley to get from Italy to France. Initially his efforts at accommodating them for short periods of time were achieved under the radar, but as the numbers increased and the French government flip-flopped on how they were dealing with the crisis, Herrou became more outspoken, not just about the temporary housing he was providing but the assistance he gave in smuggling people across the border.
Obviously the authorities weren't happy, but there was little agreement on how to enforce ambiguous laws, on top of which the Alpes-Maritimes was treated as a special case. Herrou and his allies targeted one provision in particular, which states that France has an obligation to let unaccompanied minors stay in the country; when the police flouted that stipulation, the activists were able to go to court with legal justification for (some of) their actions.
Toesca began shooting in 2015, gauging reactions to the refugee crisis along the border, but the bulk of “Four Winds,” edited down from more than 200 hours of footage, covers 2017, as legal cases mount. It's encouraging to see so many locals expressing support for Herrou's actions, though it's possible that the director simply chose not to give screen-time to anti-immigrant voices apart from a few at the very start. He doesn't hide his own involvement, admitting that working on this film makes him feel alive; that's a legitimate statement, though there's something a bit off about watching him and Herrou celebrating the happy end of a tense stand-off between police and a refugee family by digging into a large platter of fritto misto. They certainly deserve to rejoice in victory, but one wonders what that refugee family would be eating on the same night.
A couple of refugees are heard, such as a Nigerian man who escaped from Boko Haram, and a pregnant Libyan woman, but a few more such voices would have corrected the nagging impression that Toesca made the film as a big pat on the back to himself and his friend. Without question, Herrou and heroic people like nurse Isabelle Leonardi deserve recognition in their fight to give assistance and dignity to refugees who are systematically abandoned by governments worldwide, yet by offering so little space to the men and women they're helping, “Four Winds” reduces these stories to a nameless mass, robbing them of their individuality. Video quality fluctuates, as Toesca occasionally inserts footage shot on other devices.
Adopting an open skies policy will boost tourism, travel and economic growth in the region, argues Institute for Democracy and Economic Affairs' Wan Saiful Wan Jan.
SINGAPORE: Southeast Asia has a lot to offer to global tourists.
The rich cultural diversity, affordable lifestyle and beautiful geography, all make countries in the ASEAN region attractive to tourists from around the world. Growing connectivity also makes it easier for tourists to experience multiple cities and countries within the same trip.
As the most developed economy in the region, Singapore alone attracted more than 16 million visitors last year, according to data from the Department of Statistics. For a small country, this figure is a significant share of the more than 100 million tourist arrivals in the ten ASEAN countries.
A sizable number of tourists visiting Southeast Asia actually come from another country in the region. The ASEAN Secretariat says that intra-ASEAN travellers make up 41 per cent of the tourist numbers in 2015 and this figure is expected to grow.
If we add the number of people travelling within Southeast Asia for work, the figure will be even higher.
A big contributor to this development is the growth of regional airlines, especially low-cost carriers.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A SINGLE AVIATION MARKET
Those who keep tabs on bargain flight tickets and are avid travellers within Southeast Asia will be interested to know that an important meeting likely to have bearing on the region's aviation market will take place in Singapore this coming week.
Transport Ministers from across ASEAN will be in the country to discuss various regional transport issues, including the ASEAN Single Aviation Market. This is an agenda that can enhance tourism's contribution to regional economic growth.
Travellers arriving at the immigration hall in Changi Airport Terminal 2. (File photo: TODAY)
At a time when the world is facing a challenging economic environment, the region could certainly use a boost from travel and tourism.
Known as the Open Skies agreement, the Single Aviation Market initiative promises to create competition between airlines that will benefit consumers.
The agreement which had the support of ASEAN Transport Ministers in 2015 envisages the liberalisation of air travel and the removal of restrictions on air transport of passengers and cargo for airlines in the ten countries.
The single market will also provide the opportunity for homegrown airlines to expand by increasing their number of intra-ASEAN routes. While this will directly benefit the companies and their employees, the wider supply chain will see trickle-down effects too.
As they expand, airline companies will have to compete with each other, and consumers can expect fares to drop as a result of this rivalry. Consumers will benefit from cheaper airfares and more airline choices.
To differentiate themselves, airlines may also offer new routes to key destinations, providing still more options for tourists, and generating more opportunities in the tourism sector.
Malaysia Airlines planes sit on the tarmac at Kuala Lumpur International Airport on Jul 21, 2014. (Photo: Reuters/Edgar Su)
If ASEAN governments vigorously pursue the Single Aviation Market's agenda, the benefits can be shared by all ASEAN citizens.
Singapore will a prime beneficiary because it is already a regional and global hub for many airlines. But neighbouring countries, like Malaysia, will reap benefits too.
The total contribution of travel and tourism to Malaysian GDP was RM167.5 billion (US$39.6 billion), or almost 14 per cent, in 2016. Tourist arrivals originating from ASEAN countries to Malaysia made up about 76 per cent of all tourist arrivals in Malaysia that same year. Evidently, intra-ASEAN tourism is a major contributor to the country's economy.
The rise of alternative beach destinations such as Sihanoukville in Cambodia and Phu Quoc in Vietnam, to rival the traditionally popular Bali and Phuket, further illustrate how there is still so much more of Southeast Asia to discover, destinations for airlines to cater to, and tourist dollars to be earned.
It is not just existing hubs like Singapore which stand to benefit handsomely from the Single Aviation Market. There is something for everyone.
Two Cambodian fishermen go for night fishing as the sun goes down in the seaside resort of Sihanoukville some 230kms South of Phnom Penh, 22 April 2001. (Photo: AFP/Philippie Lopez)
THREE STEPS TO TACKLE HURDLES
For sure, such a major regional undertaking does not come easy and there remains some hiccups.
ASEAN's diversity means countries in the region are still at very different stages of development, and therefore every country will have their own calculations to make about the risks and benefits of liberalising their aviation industry.
Some, like Indonesia and the Philippines, have expressed concerns about the ability of their airline companies to compete against bigger rivals from other countries. These concerns are understandable, and clearly more work needs to be done in this respect.
There are three specific steps that can be taken by various ASEAN governments to tackle the hurdles.
First, an ASEAN-level arrangement that oversees the effective implementation of the Single Aviation Market should be established. Regular meetings of the heads of the civil aviation agencies from the different countries can be helpful to these ends.
Frequent interaction will enable them to have a deeper discussion on technical and regulatory matters to find solutions that take into account their national challenges, so that hurdles to air travel can be gradually lowered and eventually removed.
The ASEAN Transport Ministers signed a master plan to boost connectivity in the region's transport sector and a protocol aiding in the formation of an ASEAN Single Aviation Market in 2015. (Photo: Sumis Naidu)
Second, ASEAN countries need to commit to harmonise regulations that affect the aviation industry, especially on matters that involve safety and efficiency. At the moment, the regulations are too varied, making cross-border enforcement and cooperation tricky.
For example, mutual recognition of licenses and certification for personnel that include pilots, engineers and air traffic controllers would greatly enhance the benefits of a Single Aviation Market. Similarly, cross-ASEAN standardisation and recognition of documents such as certificates of aircraft airworthiness would help make airline operations smoother too.
Third, there should be more high-level discussions that lead to concrete action plans and implementation timelines for a Single Aviation Market. These are in ASEAN's overall economic interests of greater integration.
The ASEAN Economic Community's goal of greater connectivity has indeed been discussed at length, but there are still many issues that are not yet fully resolved, when it comes to implementing initiatives like the Single Market Aviation, despite having in-principle support from the highest levels of government.
It is important for the ASEAN Transport Ministers meeting to come up with specific next steps as well as a clear timeline.
WIDER ECONOMIC BENEFIT
Efficient and affordable air transport is not just good for tourism, but also critical for the region's continued economic growth and vibrancy.
The World Economic Forum predicts that the region will have the world's fifth largest economy by 2020. Last year, intra-ASEAN total trade reached almost S$750 billion – a substantial figure as it is.
Just imagine how much more that figure could grow, with a more cost-effective aviation industry that enhances the flow of people and goods.
This Single Aviation Market is a potential game-changer for ASEAN. When the Transport Ministers meet, they should devote more attention to realising its possibilities.
If ASEAN Transport Ministers can commit to this agenda, and reiterate their commitment to speed up the process, there should be nothing preventing full implementation by the end of 2020.
The potential is huge and the sky's the limit.
Wan Saiful Wan Jan is chief executive of the Institute for Democracy and Economic Affairs in Malaysia.
Do you want more original TV series and movies from Netflix soon? Well, the media company is willing to invest in that, even up to billions of dollars, but the drawback is that they will apparently be increasing the prices for their middle and top tier plans as part of that move. The good news for those on the basic plan is that it will remain at $7.99 per month, at least for now. Those on the other two tiers will have to bear with a $1-$2 price hike starting October 19.
Those who are currently on the $9.99 plan will now have to add one more dollar and pay $10.99 per month. The top tier previously paid only $11.99 but by October 19 or the next billing cycle after that, you will have to shell out $13.99. This increase will only happen in the US market, and there's no news yet if they will also apply this to other markets around the globe. The features for the 3 tiers remain the same though.
The official statement from Netflix says that occasionally, they will have to adjust their prices to be able to provide quality exclusive TV shows and movies as they “improve the overall Netflix experience”. They actually have not introduced a price increase since 2014 and since then they have also introduced a lot of exclusive content. They initially planned to spend $6 billion in 2018 but now it seems they have added another 1 billion dollars to that investment.
While the basic tier users are probably happy that there is no change to their plan, Netflix will probably experience some pushback from users in the other tiers. And because there are other options for viewers out there in terms on-demand streaming, they may also experience a decline in subscribers over the next few months.
VIA: Mashable
HONG KONG: Hong Kong police are struggling to deal with digital pump-and-dump schemes targeting brokerages: a little-known type of computer-generated fraud that surged in the Chinese territory last year.
Although the money involved was small - only about US$20 million worth of shares - there were 81 such incidents reported in 2016, more than triple the number in 2015, according to police.
In the scheme, criminals invest in thinly traded penny stocks and then manipulate their share prices by ordering trades from hacked brokerage accounts. They earn profits by selling before the fraudulent trades are reported.
After last year's cyber-heist of US$81 million at Bangladesh's central bank and a series of hacks of ATM's around the world, authorities fear such pump-and-dump schemes could be increasingly used for electronic theft.
Hong Kong is a favoured place for such attacks because of the number of thinly-traded penny stocks in the territory and because its securities industry has fallen behind other financial centers in defending against cyber fraud.
At least seven brokers and eight banks have been targeted in Hong Kong, including HSBC Holdings Plc and Bank of China International (BOCI) Securities, according to regulators and people familiar with confidential investigations.
A spokesman for HSBC declined to comment.
A spokeswoman for BOCI Securities said he could not comment on its case but the brokerage would continue to invest in IT security.
"If you ask regulators in the industry what is the number one threat, not surprisingly it's all about cyberattacks," Ashley Alder, CEO of the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) and chairman of the International Organization of Securities Commissions, said in a speech to the local legislature last week.
"We've seen that happen not only in banking but also at brokers in Hong Kong, in particular recent attacks to do with basically hijacking share trading accounts."
Such schemes surfaced more than a decade ago in the United States. Charles Schwab Corp, E*Trade Financial Corp and JP Morgan Chase & Co. were identified as victims of these schemes in a 2006 complaint filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The pace of attacks reported in the United States has slowed in recent years after big brokerages implemented a variety of strategies to thwart the hacks, said John Reed Stark, a former chief of the Securities and Exchange Commission's (SEC) Office of Internet Enforcement.
Some use algorithms to identify and halt unusual trading activity, others scrutinise Internet traffic for orders coming from suspicious servers and one stopped permitting customers to use its online trading platform from buying penny stocks, said Stark, who now runs cyber-security consulting firm John Reed Stark Consulting LLC.
But such protections are rare in Hong Kong, where the government has only recently started suggesting security improvements to banks and brokerages which have traditionally considered stock trading to be low-risk.
TWO-FACTOR AUTHENTICATION
The Hong Kong SFC last year told firms to increase surveillance of client transactions and data protection.
Authorities believe that hackers accessed brokerage accounts using stolen or guessed passwords, according to investigators. This might have been thwarted if they were protected with two-factor authentication, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority has said.
Two-factor authentication typically includes a password and a piece of information only the user has, for instance an electronic token with changing numbers.
"Hong Kong is being targeted because they have not instituted the same cyber protections that we see in the U.S. and certain parts of Europe," said Jeff Cramer, a former U.S. prosecutor.
Cramer, who is managing director with cyber-security investigations firm Berkeley Research Group, said he expects to see more attacks in Hong Kong and perhaps other Asian nations, including China, Japan and South Korea that are also behind in cybersecurity.
FIGHTING BACK
Such pump and dump cases have proven tough to crack in the United States because the masterminds are typically overseas, using surrogates and pseudonyms to make investments.
Brokerages are typically not required to go public when they are hacked, so cases often only surface when the government files a complaint against suspected cyber criminals, or the hack results in litigation.
The attack involving BOCI Securities year became public after it was sued by a customer that claimed its account was breached.
Trading firm Fast Track Holdings Limited alleged in court documents that somebody hacked into its brokerage account on the afternoon of September 23 using a valid user ID and password. Within 18 minutes, the intruder had emptied the account by spending HKUS$38 million to buy 49 million shares of thinly traded Pa Shun Pharmaceutical, according to Fast Track.
The stock soared more than 30 percent after the purchase, which was made at a 36 percent premium to the previous day's closing price, Reuters data shows.
BOCI alerted Fast Track of the suspicious activity an hour later, but it has said in court documents it should not be held financially responsible, saying it found no evidence its systems had been compromised.
Peter Pang, Pa Shun's CFO, told Reuters the management "would keep an eye to the incident and report to the regulators and the public when necessary".
One person familiar with the case said Fast Track's management believes the incident was a pump and dump scam and that Pa Shun was targeted because it is thinly-traded, but it remained unclear who was responsible.
Fast Track's directors did not respond to requests for comment.
(Additional reporting by Jim Finkle in Boston and Jessica Yu, Katy Wong and Donny Kwok in Hong Kong; Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
Paris: One in five children in rich countries lives in relative poverty, according to a UNICEF report published on Thursday that put the US and New Zealand among the world's worst performers for youth well-being.
Nearly 13 percent of children in those countries lack access to sufficient safe and nutritious food, the report said, with that number rising to 20 percent in the US and UK.
"Higher incomes do not automatically lead to improved outcomes for all children, and may indeed deepen inequalities," said Sarah Cook, director of the UNICEF Innocenti research office that published the study.
"Governments in all countries need to take action to ensure the gaps are reduced and progress is made," she said.
The 'Report Card' took into account factors like education, mental health, alcohol abuse, economic opportunities and the environment to rank 41 high-income countries for overall youth well-being.
Germany and the Nordic countries topped the list while Romania, Bulgaria and Chile came in at the bottom, with New Zealand and the US in 34th and 37th place respectively.
The US had relatively low scores in terms of poverty, hunger, health, education and inequality.
New Zealand performed particularly badly in terms of adolescent mental health, with the highest suicide rate in the world for people aged 15 to 19 — almost three times the average for the countries surveyed.
The number of adolescents reporting mental health problems is increasing in the majority of the countries included in the study, along with the rate of obesity among young people.
Even in Japan and Finland, among the best performing countries in the list, around a fifth of 15-year-olds does not reach baseline educational standards, the report said as it called for greater focus on disadvantaged groups.
TWO men, aged 25 and 26, have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was hurt before Liverpool's Champions League match against Roma.
A 53-year-old man was left fighting for his life following an altercation ahead of the semi-final at Anfield last night which was won 5-2 by the Reds. The man, believed to be a Liverpool fan from Ireland, is being treated for his injuries at Walton Neurological Centre where his condition is described as critical, Merseyside Police said. Police believe he was attacked with a belt. The 25-year-old and 26-year-old were arrested after police launched an operation to track down the man's attackers amid scenes of violent disorder ahead of Liverpool's clash with Roma.
Liverpool fans MOUNT police vans and light FLARES ahead of Champions League Striking pictures have emerged of fans on top of a Police van and flares being let off before the UEFA Champions League, Semi Final First Leg match at Anfield, Liverpool. 1 / 11 PA Fans on top of a Police van and flares being let off before the UEFA Champions League, Semi Final First Leg match at Anfield
Detective Inspector Paul Speight, said: "We believe the victim was in Liverpool with his brother for the Liverpool v Roma semi-final and was assaulted during an altercation between Roma and Liverpool fans near to the Albert pub at about 7.35pm. "Witnesses report that the victim was hit with a belt and then fell to the ground. "Paramedics treated him at the scene and he was taken by ambulance to Walton Neurological Centre, where he is being treated for a head injury. His condition is currently described as critical and his next of kin have been informed."
GETTY FLARES: Fans before the game welcomed the teams' buses
“Fans from both Liverpool and Roma were involved in isolated pockets of disorder” Chief Superintendent Dave Charnock The Liverpool fan's alleged attackers were among a total of nine men, aged between 20 and 43, who were arrested for various offences before and after the match. The offences included affray, assault, possession of offensive weapons, possession of a controlled drug, criminal damage and being drunk and disorderly. Detectives are also investigating the use of flares outside the ground, the force said.
Chief Superintendent Dave Charnock, said: "The vast majority of the 52,500 fans attending the game were well behaved and went to watch a good game of football. "However, a minority of fans from both Liverpool and Roma were involved in isolated pockets of disorder in the city centre and near to the ground. "During one incident a 53-year-old man, believed to be a Liverpool fan, was assaulted near to the ground during what is believed to have been an altercation between Roma and Liverpool fans." He also said officers were investigating the use of flares as fans gathered to greet the team coach on Arkles Lane before the match.
DS ARRESTED: Two men, from Rome, are being held on suspicion of attempted murder
Mr Charnock said: "A number of those in the crowd that had gathered to greet the Liverpool team coach were in possession of flares and work is ongoing to identify those responsible and to establish if offences have been committed under the Fireworks Regulation Act 2004 or Section 80 of the Explosives Act 1875. "We will be reviewing CCTV footage, our own body worn camera footage and working with the club to identify those involved in any of these incidents so we can put them before the courts. "And I would appeal to anyone who has any information, or mobile phone footage, in relation to any of these incidents to contact us. "Finally, I would like to thank the Liverpool Football Club stewards and the police officers who were out on the ground tonight for their hard work and professionalism throughout the evening."
Liverpool stars arrive at Anfield ahead of Champions League semi-final against Roma LIVERPOOL stars looked focused arriving at Anfield today ahead of their eagerly anticipated Champions League semi-final showdown with Roma tonight. 1 / 12 iCelebTV Mohamed Salah
President Omar Al-Bashir of Sudan on Monday welcomed his Egyptian counterpart's bid for re-election and pledged further cooperation after a year of rocky relations between the neighboring countries.
Ties between the African countries have appeared to fray in recent months, as Cairo grew restless over a Sudan-Turkey naval agreement and a dispute over a dam Ethiopia is building on the Nile River that runs through all three countries.
Sudan in 2017 banned imports of all Egyptian agricultural goods, a move analysts saw as largely political and tied to a litany of Sudanese grievances, chief among them disputed land in Egypt's south.
Sudan recalled its ambassador to Egypt in January without explanation, but allowed him to return earlier this month.
On Monday both leaders agreed to strengthen ties and work together to bolster trade, military and energy cooperation, though the trade spat was not mentioned.
“(We) discussed ways to achieve and promote our common interests, in light of our full respect for (each country's) internal affairs and joint efforts to maintain the national security of both countries,” Egypt's Abdel Fattah Al-Sisi said at a news conference following the meeting.
Mr. Al-Sisi is standing for re-election next week in a vote he is almost certain to win.
“We have timed our visit to reaffirm our support for stability in Egypt and for President Al-Sisi,” Mr. Al-Bashir said.
The elections are scheduled to hold in Egypt between March 26 and March 28.
Egyptians abroad began voting on Friday, ten days before polls open at home in a presidential election that Mr. Al-Sisi is effectively guaranteed to win, but in which turnout could provide an indication of his popularity.
The former army chief's only challenger, Mousa Mostafa Mousa, leads a party that had initially backed the Egyptian president's bid for re-election.
Other opponents halted their campaigns citing intimidation by the authorities. One top challenger was jailed.
Mr. Al-Sisi in recent days has echoed calls he made in 2014, just before he was first voted into office, urging Egyptians to turn up to polling stations worldwide.
A year after toppling Egypt's first competitively elected leader, Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood, after mass protests against his rule, Sisi won nearly 97 per cent of the vote in 2014.
Fewer than half of eligible Egyptians voted in that election even though it was extended to three days.
State television showed hundreds of voters crowding outside the Egyptian embassies in Kuwait, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.
Other Egyptians abroad said they would have nothing to do with the vote.
By Scott T. Sterling
Music fans without tickets for this year's massive Austin City Limits festival fret not. The fest will be live streaming sets from a wide variety of bands all weekend long.
Related: Flea Shuts Down Red Hot Chili Peppers Retirement Rumors
Among the acts set to be featured on the live stream include Red Hot Chili Peppers, Gorillaz, Portugal. the Man, Danny Brown, Tove Lo, the Brothers Osborne, Ryan Adams and more.
Sadly, two of the biggest names on the bill—JAY-Z and the Killers—will not be a part of the live stream.
See the complete lineup and watch ACL 2017 below.
Friday, October 6
Channel 1
2:05pm — Asleep at the Wheel
3:10pm — Mutemath
4:15pm — Crystal Castles
5:15pm — Lukas Nelson & Promise of the Real
6:15pm — Royal Blood
7:20pm — Ryan Adams
8:30pm — Foster the People
Channel 2
2:05pm — MISSIO
3:05pm — Sandy (Alex G)
5:05pm — Andrew McMahon in the Wilderness
6:05pm — Hamilton Leithauser
7:05pm — Vulfpeck
8:05pm — The Revivalists
Saturday, October 7
Channel 1
2:05pm— MUNA
2:55pm — A$AP Ferg
4:00pm — Joseph
5:00pm — LIVE
6:05pm — Cut Copy
7:10pm — Spoon
8:15pm — Red Hot Chili Peppers
Channel 2
2:05pm — Welles
3:00pm — DREAMCAR
4:00pm — Benjamin Booker
5:05pm — Cody Jinks
6:05pm — Angel Olsen
7:05pm — Tove Lo
8:05pm — The Black Angels
Sunday, October 8
Channel 1
2:05pm — Middle Kids
3:15pm — Brothers Osborne
4:20pm — Milky Chance
5:25pm — The Growlers
6:30pm — Run the Jewels
7:35pm — Portugal.the Man
Channel 2
2:05pm — Amy Shark
2:50pm — Sam Dew
3:50pm — Danny Brown
4:50pm — D.R.A.M.
5:50pm — Louis the Child
6:50pm — First Aid Kit
7:50pm — The Head and the Heart
8:50pm — Gorillaz
Google Maps is one of the tech giant's very useful services. The mobile app version especially has proven to be one easy and convenient tool for navigation. If you're going to a new place, just type the address and check the map for location and direction. You can see estimated travel, commute time, or walk duration.
This time, it's getting a minor update albeit a useful one for the commuters. The update delivers interactive real-time notifications and live guidance when you're traveling. The idea is something you get from Waze of those turn-by-turn updates but the Google Maps version simply provides real-time updates while on transit. Details will pop up in the app, as well as, on the lock screen of your Android device.
The idea isn't really new actually. Once you search and locate transit directions, you can press on that ‘start' button you see on the screen. Live updates will be provided as you walk or ride. This will become more useful if you're riding a train or bus. You have Google now to tell you where you are or when to get off. The app will tell you if you're near your destination.
The information can also be shown on the notifications. They are interactive so you can easilly scroll through the alerts. This particular Google Maps feature offers detailed transit directions, as well as, keeps track of your progress whether you are driving, walking, or biking.
Google should roll out the changes any day now. Some may have received the update already so others will definitely follow.
VIA: TechCrunch
- Advertisement -
Towards harnessing international opportunities for Nigeria's barite and metallic minerals, the Solid Minerals Development Fund (SMDF) is to hold a Strategic Roundtable Workshop for the North-Central Zone , in Lafia, Nasarawa State.
It is estimated that about 69 to 77 per cent of barite is currently being used worldwide, as a weighting agent for drilling fluids in oil and gas exploration.
Hajia Fatima Shinkafi, the Executive Secretary, SMDF, said in a statement on Monday that similar workshops would be replicated in other zones in the near future.
Shinkafi said that the two-day workshop, scheduled to hold between Dec. 14 and Dec. 15, in Lafia, was aimed at effectively repositioning and harnessing opportunities in the sector.
“The workshop aims to gain a deeper understanding of solid mineral development, its operations and areas of intervention.
“The workshop is also to identify potential partners and donors to the fund, as well as develop an action plan with artisans, and identify linkages for sustainable development in the sector,'' she said.
The Executive Secretary, who said that there was a large deposit of barites in Nigeria, enjoined the International Oil Companies (IOCs) to begin to patronise Nigeria's huge barite market, in line with the Local Content Act of 2010.
- Advertisement -
Shinkafi said that the Minister of Mines and Steel Development, Dr Kayode Fayemi, would deliver the keynote address at the workshop.
According to her, the Governor of Nasarawa State, Alhaji Tanko Umar Al-Makura, will declare the workshop open.
“There will be paper presentations by experts on “Mineral Resources and Investment Opportunities of the North Central Zone,'' and “Diversification and Stimulation of Value Chains of Barite and Metallic Minerals in Nigeria''.
“The President of the Association of Miners and Processors of Barite will also lead a Roundtable discussion at the workshop.
“Participants will also pay a courtesy visit to the Emir of Lafia, Alhaji Mustapha Agwai II, as well as visit some selected mining sites in Nasarawa State,'' she added.
Most barite produced is used as a weighting agent in drilling muds.Barite is used as a weighting filler in rubber to make “anti-sail'' mud flaps for trucks.
It is the primary ore of barium, which is used to make a wide variety of barium compounds. Some of these are used for x-ray shielding.
Erectify Ultra to each man is to decrease his vitality and his sex-related power. By improving androgenic hormone or testosterone stages, Erectify Ultra likewise upgrades increased sex-related productivity, helping you to have greater and better hardons and even improve sexual intrigue. At the point when men consider improving their androgenic hormone or testosterone stages, they generally have a target as a top priority. They can expand their increased sex-related proficiency, accomplish more effective exercise center exercises, fight untimely maturing or fundamentally stay away from fatigue and depletion because of low androgenic hormone or testosterone stages.
https://www.nutritionsofhealth.com/erectify-ultra/
https://nutritionsofhealthblog.wordpress.com/2018/04/23/erectify-ul...
Savings account interest rates have been slashed to 4% per annum by most of the major banks lately. Banks and financial institutions that are still offering 5-6% savings interest rate can be counted on fingertips. Thereby, it's important for an individual to know some other options where he/she can save their money and yield a better interest rate.While mutual funds and few other investment options yield good returns, there's always market risk involved. Therefore, individuals who prefer their peace of mind over risk can explore the below options for saving their money to earn more interest than what most of the banks are currently offering on savings accounts.Fixed deposits earn an interest rate of 6-7% and the lock in period is generally 5 years but it can vary from 7 days to 10 years. Individuals can choose either the traditional FD plans wherein the amount is locked in for a fixed term and then you get the lump sum or go for a Re-Investment Fixed Deposit plans wherein interest is compounded quarterly and reinvested with the principal amount.Term Deposits carry an interest rate 5.5% and above with a lock in period of 45 days to 10 years. Leading banks give options like auto-sweep from savings account above a certain threshold which goes to the Term Deposits in multiples of thousands. These Term Deposits enable guaranteed returns, choice of interest payout and liquidity too by giving overdraft facility of up to 90% of the Deposit's value.Recurring Deposits can yield interest rate of 7-8% per annum. The minimum lock in period for Recurring Deposits varies from 12 months to 120 months. The amount fixed for monthly recurring deposit payment could be as low as ₹100 per month. RDs also enable liquidity via OD and loan facility of up to 90% value of the RD.
The Chapter 11 filing by the wholesale electricity provider follows a series of disputes with noteholders.
Wholesale electricity provider GenOn Energy has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, according to a report from Reuters. The filing comes amid accusations that GenOn's parent company, NRG Energy, took more than $520 million from the subsidiary improperly, according to a report from The Wall Street Journal.
On June 12, GenOn Americas Generation LLC and other “GenOn entities” entered into a restructuring and lock-up agreement with NRG Energy, under which NRG will provide a cash-collateralized credit facility up to $330 million, according to an SEC filing. Under a proposal, NRG would be released from liability in exchange for a $243 million cash payment. GenOn creditors, meanwhile, would assume control of the company.
The WSJ report notes the move was designed to cut $1.8 billion in debt and to settle charges that NRG “improperly extracted” funds from GenOn.
In December, debt holders of GenOn Energy filed a lawsuit against NRG over a service agreement between the two companies that required GenOn to pay $193 million per year. In April, they filed an amended complaint alleging breach of fiduciary duty by some current and former GenOn executives in relation to a management services agreement. The complaint also accused NRG of aiding and abetting those breaches.
NRG acquired GenOn in 2012 for $1.7 billion. Last month it proposed putting the subsidiary in Chapter 11 protection. According to the restructuring and lock-up agreement, during the bankruptcy NRG will supply GenOn with transition services at an annualized rate of $84 million.
GenOn owns and operates 32 power generation facilities across eight states. The acquisition by NRG created the “largest competitive generator” in the U.S., reportedly. But the company's debt burden has grown since.
GenOn had a scheduled bond payment tomorrow, June 15.
Radio amateurs were among the global visitors signing in at the ARRL booth during the 2018 National Association of Broadcasters convention in Las Vegas April 7 – 12. Attendees came from countries across the world, including Australia, South Korea, Israel, Norway, Canada, England, Ireland, Peru, Brazil, Argentina, Japan, New Zealand, Germany, Belgium, Tanzania, Greenland, the US Virgin Islands, Poland, South Africa, Bulgaria, and Spain.
Managing the ARRL booth was Nevada Section Manager John Bigley, N7UR, with volunteers from various Nevada Amateur Radio groups. ARRL Second Vice President Bob Vallio, W6RGG, and East Bay Section Manager-Elect Jim Siemons, AF6PU, were also on hand to assist.
At the booth, visitors were able to get help with licensing, renewing their ARRL memberships, accessing ARRL services and programs, and locating classes and examination sites. League members also discussed issues important to their personal enjoyment of Amateur Radio. NAB sponsors a traditional Amateur Radio reception at its annual convention, which attracts more than 100,000 visitors.
“We'll know our disinformation program is complete when everything the American public believes is false.” – William Casey, CIA Director 1981
A public health physician, Dr. Shehu Martins, has said that the notion by some couples that having frequent sex during pregnancy to fasten labour is not true.
Martins, who works with St. Mary's Catholic Hospital in Gwagwalada, Federal Capital Territory, made the statement on Friday in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN).
He said the number of times a woman had sex late in pregnancy did not open the cervix but she could have it for pleasure.
Instead, sperm can threaten the foetus and lead to miscarriage, the doctor warned.
“The cervix is hard structure created to hold the baby, fluid and placenta for nine months.
“A woman's cervix goes through changes in late pregnancy and in early labour so that it can dilate to allow the baby pass through.
“Normally, it opens in three parts, that is when the woman is menstruating, during labour and having sex, but sex does not expand it,'' he explained.
Though there are some that can react to sperm, especially in early pregnancy and in such situation the woman complains of lower abdominal pain after sex.
“We advise that the couple use condom, because the sperm can cause this reaction to the cervix. Sometimes it acts like a foreign object and can lead to spontaneous miscarriages.
“For such case, we say use protection until after five months of pregnancy.
“So, women should not go into vigorous sex because they hear others saying that the cervix will open fast following the number of sex you have during pregnancy.
“It will only open during spontaneous labour. We only induce the woman when it doesn't open at the stage of serious labour,'' Martins added.
Mrs Afolabi Tosin, a pregnant woman, concurred with the doctor and said she usually experienced abdominal pain after having sex.
She said as a result, the presence of her husband frightened her.
Another pregnant woman, who simply gave her name as Chioma, said her husband's friends said the cervix opened fast when the woman had frequent sex late in pregnancy.
“I feel like leaving the house whenever my husband is present, I have explained things to him but he doesn't listen,'' Chioma said.
She said that she had to report her husband to her doctor who counselled him (husband).
- Advertisement -
The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has advised motorists to drive more cautiously due to the change in weather conditions in most parts of the country.
Mr Bisi Kazeem, the corps Public Education Officer, issued the advice in a statement on Sunday.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the southern parts of the country are currently experiencing shades of cloudy and foggy conditions.
In the northern and central states, the weather is partly sunny and hazy during the morning hours with dust haze conditions in the evenings.
Kazeem warned that visibility had reduced as a result, hence the need for motorists to be more careful.
“It is imperative for motorists to drive carefully, and to be mindful of their blind-spots while overtaking.
He also advised them to maintain decent speed during the period.
- Advertisement -
“They should put on headlights and tail lights for proper visibility due to the foggy weather so as to see and be seen.
“Most parts of the country are affected with more critical situations around the northern axis,” he said.
Kazeem noted that following the prescribed speed limit, the current period was no longer necessary as motorists would not be able to see far ahead nor notice obstructions .
He quoted the Corps Marshal, Dr Boboye Oyeyemi, as saying that this is the time for vehicles to equally meet the minimum safety standards.
Oyeyemi urged motorists to ensure that the wipers, head and rear lights, braking systems and engines of their vehicles were in sound conditions, according to Kazeem.
NAN reports that there have been delays and cancellations of flights by airlines due to bad weather, leaving many passengers stranded.
GELENDZHIK, Russia: Sweden have flown under the radar all the way to the quarter-finals where they aim to use their solidity as a unit to put a stop to English dreams of a first World Cup victory since 1966 in Samara on Saturday.
After leading his side through a light workout following their 1-0 Round of 16 victory over Switzerland, captain Andreas Granqvist said his team have no secrets ahead of the clash with England, who beat Colombia 4-3 on penalties on Tuesday.
Advertisement
"They have seen that we are a very strong team, we play together as a collective, we defend as a team with the whole team, we attack as a team. We're really solid, we don't let the opponent get so many chances," Granqvist told reporters.
"We know we are good on the set pieces, we know we have good counter-attack football. They have seen our game, they have seen our group stage and how we play and I think they have big respect for us."
The 33-year-old centre back, who has already scored twice from the penalty spot in Russia, does not expect much of a change from the defensive tactics his side have used to get this far.
"I think we have to look at our squad and we have to look at the opponent's squad. Normally the other team has better players on paper and we let them have the ball in the places we want them to have the ball," he explained.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The team returned to their Black Sea base at Gelendzhik directly after defeating the Swiss and missed watching the England game on TV, but coach Janne Andersson and his support staff have already begun analysing Gareth Southgate's side.
Sweden midfielder Albin Ekdal had a scan on a twisted ankle on Wednesday and Mikael Lustig is suspended for the tie against England but changes in personnel are likely to have little effect on the Swedish game plan.
"If you look at the games we have played, the opponent has had more ball possession than we have but we have created more chances, more dangerous chances," Granqvist said.
"This is how we play, this is what we need to do, this is our strength, and we also need to see our quality against other strong teams. This is the way for us to have success, and we're going to continue this way," he added.
- Advertisement -
The Korean Cultural Centre says that Nigeria and Korea can use the promotion of their arts and culture, especially drumming, to strengthen bilateral relations between the duo.
Peter Yoon, the Deputy Director of the centre told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos at the 4th edition of JANGGUN Papa Graduation Ceremony that , “I think that Nigeria and Korea have common areas with arts and culture.''
NAN reports that the event held at the National Theatre, Iganmu, Lagos was organised by Drumsview Concept.
Yoon added that theatre, an integral part of the entertainment industry, could also be used as a viable medium to bring about change within the Nigerian environment and enhance youths' ideas.
He enjoined the stakeholders in the entertainment world to use theatre to mobilise youths and children to embrace their different cultures.
“We do not want our present generation to be a wasted one that is why we are partnering Isioma Williams to do this.
“Our youths should focus their minds and intelligence on areas that they know they have strengths to do their own things,” he said.
He commended Isioma Williams of Drumview Concepts for his interest in drumming.
“It is through Williams that we started the partnership two years ago and we are going to tour the country with this drumming,” he said.
Isioma Williams, the founder and CEO of Drumview Concept, in his address said that drumming and drums themselves were unique forms of identity for Africans, both spiritual and physical as they keep “us alive”.
“It is the symbol of who we are; there is no way an African will hear the drumming sounds of his or her root and he or she will not move or feel at peace.
“It is also an art form used by many of our modern musicians like hip-hop and other genres of music, to get unique beats for their music,” he said.
Williams said that if drums were well packaged and handled by the right people as Koreans did theirs, the country could earn foreign exchange from it.
- Advertisement -
“If we properly structure and institutionalize our drumming culture, starting from the wood carving, skinning, maintenance, selling, usage, exporting and achieving, all these are potential units for employment.''
He added that many professional drummers were earning their living and maintaining their families from it.
Williams also listed its other advantages: “Drumming is also a special integral part of royalty in Nigeria and Africa.
“Drumming is therapeutic as it is medically used to cure some illness. The drum sound helps to improve people's mental status.
“We equally reduce crime through it by teaching street urchins and those that are interested in learning it and through it they become useful to themselves,'' he said.
He added that “Drummers have also become some of the image-makers of the country.
“We travel to Europe and other foreign countries where we try to correct the bad impressions people there have about Nigerians.
“We convince them through our performances and how we relate with them that we are not criminals.
“Drumming sustains our culture and tradition, beautify and create relevance to our heritage dances, as it can invoke war likewise it can create peace.
“A very good old drummer has the tendency of being a great orator too due to the numerous adages, proverbs and poetry embedded in drumming,'' he said.
He pointed out that the potential in drums and drumming in Nigeria has not been tapped at all.
“I hope someday someone with our interest at heart or the government will realize this and work toward making it great for us,'' he said.
The only female among the nine drummers that graduated, Ugo Obiayo, a lawyer, said she had been drumming for some time now.
“Drumming is fantastic, marvelous and a good thing to behold, and I will apply it to others in the theatre industry because you can use drumming to complement contemporary music and other things,'' she said.
NAN reports that Williams started coaching intending drummers since 2013 after attending courses in drumming in Korea and partnering the Korean Embassy in Nigeria.
Jordan Matthews suffered a chip fracture in his sternum during first practice with the Buffalo Bills and is considered week to week, the team announced Monday.
Editor's Picks Jim Kelly to Bills fans: 'Stay on the wagon' after Sammy Watkins trade Hall of Fame quarterback Jim Kelly urged Buffalo fans to keep their faith in the team after Friday's unexpected moves.
Matthews suffered the injury Sunday, less than two days after the Bills acquired the wide receiver in a trade with the Philadelphia Eagles.
Bills general manager Brandon Beane told WGR 550 on Monday that Matthews suffered the injury early in practice when he went up for a contested ball and came down hard. Matthews finished the session and later left the field with a trainer. He was not made available to reporters because of the injury.
Matthews took first- and second-team reps Sunday and saw his first work with quarterback Tyrod Taylor since the Bills traded cornerback Ronald Darby to the Eagles for Matthews and a 2018 third-round pick. In a separate deal Friday, Buffalo dealt top receiver Sammy Watkins and a 2018 sixth-round pick to the Los Angeles Rams for a 2018 second-round pick and cornerback E.J. Gaines.
Coach Sean McDermott said before Sunday's practice that he would like to have Matthews play in Thursday's preseason game in Philadelphia.
Marc-Andre Fleury‘s eventual exit from the Pittsburgh Penguins has been inevitable for nearly a year now.
Ever since Matt Murray burst onto the scene last season it has simply been a matter of when and how Fleury's exit happens, and where he ends up going.
Murray, already a two-time Stanley Cup champion, is cemented in as the future of the position and the Penguins were never going to put themselves in a position where they could potentially lose him in the expansion draft to the Vegas Golden Knights.
The only snag is that Fleury's contract included a no-movement clause that would have forced the Penguins to protect him — and expose Murray — unless he was willing to waive it.
In the immediate aftermath of the Penguins' Stanley Cup win on Sunday night it was revealed that Fleury did, in fact, waive that no-movement clause back in February. It not only made things easier for general manager Jim Rutherford and the Penguins' front office, it also may have ended up saving their season and giving them an opportunity to win another Stanley Cup.
Fleury spoke with Dave Molinari of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette about his decision to waive his no-movement clause
“The team came forward to me and asked … it gave them more flexibility for the future, for the summer, so they weren't scrambling to trade me,” Fleury said, via the Post-Gazette. “I thought it was the right thing to help the team, to stay with the team and finish the season here and have a chance to play for the Cup again.”
Had Fleury refused to waive his no-move clause (which he would have had every right to do) it would have put the Penguins — and Fleury — in a difficult position.
They would have either had to work to trade him during the season before the trade deadline, work out a trade with Vegas to send them some form of compensation to not take a goalie, or perhaps even buy out the remaining three years of Fleury's contract and have dead money on the salary cap for several years done the line.
None of those options would have been ideal.
Had they scrambled to trade Fleury during the season and actually completed one, there is almost no chance they would have been celebrating their fifth Stanley Cup on Wednesday afternoon.
With Murray sidelined at the start of the playoffs it gave Fleury an opportunity to regain his starting job through the first two rounds of the playoffs. He not only played well enough for the team to get through the Columbus Blue Jackets and Washington Capitals, he was without question their best player and one of the single biggest reasons they advanced.
He was replaced by Murray in Game 3 of the Eastern Conference Finals after giving up four goals in 12 minutes. Murray finished the postseason, including his shutout performances in Games 5 and 6 of the Stanley Cup Final.
In the end the Penguins are still likely to lose Fleury for no compensation (other than $5 million in salary cap space in each of the next two seasons) if Vegas takes him in the expansion draft, as it is assumed they will.
But they were at least able to avoid a lot of the headaches that would have come with trying to rush a trade during the season or in the immediate aftermath so they could keep Murray.
They were also able to get another Stanley Cup out of it.
REUTERS: Roger Federer showed no signs of rust in his first competitive match for six months when he outclassed Dan Evans 6-3 6-4 at the Hopman Cup on Monday.
The 17-times grand slam winner underwent knee surgery in February and, after missing the French Open with a back injury, announced in July that he needed extensive rehabilitation and would be sidelined for the rest of the season.
Federer walked out to a standing ovation from more than 13,500 fans at the Perth Arena and breezed to an easy win over Evans, putting Switzerland 1-0 ahead in their match against Britain in the mixed team event.
"The standing ovation coming in, it was very special. I'm here now enjoying and looking forward to the week of course," the 35-year-old said in a courtside interview.
Asked what keeps him going, Federer said; "I guess it depends also on how you get hurt. I got hurt filling up a bath for my children. It's not really the way I wanted to leave this game."
The former world number one, who has slipped to 16th in the rankings, said he enjoyed the time out but had started to miss tennis.
"You can't be more happy to return back on a Centre Court, taping your ankles, tying your shoes and walking out and getting that kind of welcome," he said.
Federer has not won a grand slam title since Wimbledon in 2012.
"It would be nice to win another one, of course I'd even take two-three-four," he said.
"It's tough at the top. A lot of good guys are there right now, a lot of young guys are coming up too. The gap's definitely not very big but I gave it chance. Let's see what happens."
(Reporting by Amlan Chakraborty in New Delhi, editing by Ed Osmond)
New Delhi: Suspended AAP MLA Amanatullah Khan on Wednesday claimed that Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal will attend an iftar party organised by him, a move that may further isolate Kumar Vishwas within the organisation.
Khan said Kejriwal will attend an iftar party at the Ansari auditorium in the Jamia Millia Islamia University which falls under the Okhla constituency that the former represents.
"The AAP's Okhla unit is organising the iftar party. This will be attended by the chief minister," Khan said.
There was no confirmation from the Chief Minister's Office (CMO) on Kejriwal attending the event.
If Kejriwal attends the iftar party, it will be a clear snub to Vishwas, who has publicly differed with the AAP leadership over several issues in the recent months.
The differences had come to the fore when Vishwas had refused to toe the party's official line that "manipulation" of electronic voting machines was the prime reason behind its recent string of electoral defeats.
Khan had dubbed Vishwas to be an "RSS-BJP agent" and had accused him of "plotting a coup in the AAP", following which the poet-turned-politician had quit threatened to quit the party if no action was taken against Khan.
As things threatened to spiral out of control, the party's Political Affairs Committee (PAC) had suspended Khan.
Meanwhile, more dramatic scenes may play out in Okhla as sacked minister Kapil Mishra has announced that he will visit Batla House tomorrow to extend his support an an elderly lady, whom he said has been "threatened" by Khan's "goons" over property-related matters.
Social media and WhatsApp messenger service have been rife with messages of "tension" building up in the area ahead of Mishra's visit. The sources of the messages could not be immediately ascertained, however, it is being read as intimidatory tactics deployed by the warring camps.
Earlier in the day, Mishra launched his "mass awareness campaign" at west Delhi's Karol Bagh, where he attacked Kejriwal and Satyendar Jain over allegations of corruption which he has been levelling ever since he was ousted from the party and the government.
"I was sacked the day I wrote to the Anti-Corruption Branch detailing the financial irregularities they (Kejriwal and Jain) indulged in. Until then, I was a good performer but all of a sudden I became the reason behind the AAP's poll debacle," he said, addressing a corner meeting.
Mishra also claimed that it was upon his insistence that Saumya Jain, Satyendar Jain's daughter, was removed from a contractual post attached to the government's health department.
"I had called Kejriwal the day Saumya was hired," he said and questioned the AAP chief's "silence" over his allegations.
At least 1.8 million people aged 65 and over could have an urgent dental condition, according to a new report.
Dentists have raised concerns about the impact conditions such as dental pain, oral sepsis - an infection that can lead to blood poisoning - and extensive tooth decay are having on older people's quality of life.
The Faculty of Dental Surgery (FDS) is calling for health and social care professionals to receive training in oral health, and for regulators to make standards of oral care part of their assessments of hospitals and care homes.
A report published on Tuesday estimates at least 1.8 million people aged 65 or over across England, Wales and Northern Ireland have an urgent dental condition, which could rise by more than 50% by 2040.
Professor Michael Escudier, dean of the FDS at the Royal College of Surgeons, described the figures, calculated using the latest available data, as "terrible".
"We are letting older people down at a time when they need the most help by not having a joined-up strategy for improving access to dental services for older people," he said.
"Many of us know what it's like to have excruciating tooth or gum pain. It puts you off your food and makes it difficult to do daily tasks.
"For older people, the effects are even worse. It can be very isolating, making people reluctant to socialise with friends and family, and will have a significant impact on their quality of life."
Poor oral health is linked to conditions in older people such as malnutrition and pneumonia, said Prof Escudier, who added: "We need to work together to ensure improvements in oral healthcare for older people.
"Dental health needs to be viewed as part of older people's overall health, with health professionals and social care providers being trained to recognise and deal with problems."
Andrew Kaye, head of policy and campaigns at older people's charity Independent Age, said: "The finding that 1.8 million or more older people have an urgent dental problem is truly shocking.
"There needs to be a significant step-change in the way health and care services view oral health."
New Delhi: Most of the 2,700-odd people who will die in the next 24 hours in India due to cancer caused by smoking and other tobacco products tried to quit but failed and were living their last days with a feeling of being powerless over their habit.
As we celebrate the World No Tobacco Day on 31 May, and cigarettes and other tobacco products keep getting produced and sold, experts say 2,739 people lose their lives everyday in India due to tobacco, as the quit rate is only about three percent.
"It's an irony that in coming 24 hours, 2,739 people will lose their lives due to cancer caused by use of tobacco and other tobacco products...because the quit rate is very low — only about three per cent in India," Sambandh Health Foundation trustee Sanjay Seth said.
With such a low probability of quitting and such a high probability of tobacco use leading to a multitude of diseases, the prevalence of tobacco has been rightly termed as the "Tobacco Epidemic", said the head of tobacco control at the non-profit organization.
Another non-profit, Foundation for a Smoke-Free World, in their study "The State of Smoking 2018" based on a survey of smokers in 13 nations including India found that 68 per cent of smokers is "well-informed" about the impact of smoking on one's health.
"Despite nearly seven of 10 smokers in India being aware that smoking is dangerous, 53 per cent have been unsuccessful in their attempts to quit," it said and recommended the need for new cessation and harm-reduction options to help smokers live longer and healthier lives.
"The data show what we have anecdotally known for decades -- that many smokers have the desire to quit, but not the means to match it," said Foundation President Derek Yach. Most smokers have tried to quit barring in South Africa and Lebanon, where less than half tried to quit.
Of the 13 countries the Foundation surveyed, the majority of smokers in each consider themselves addicted to cigarette, ranging from 60 percent in India to 91 percent in Japan. "Smokers feel powerless over their habit," the Foundation said in its release.
The current number of annual deaths due to tobacco consumption in India is around 10 lakh. As per the Global Adult Tobacco Survey (GATS) Fact Sheet, it is believed that tobacco consumption will be killing over 1.5 million (15 lakh) people every year by 2020.
Anshuman Kumar, Director - Surgical Oncology in Delhi-based Dharamshila Narayana Superspeciality Hospital, said: "Both smoking and smokeless (chewing) tobacco forms are fatal. You bring it close to your lips but tobacco betrays you and attacks your lungs, chokes your heart and vessels."
Heart diseases, asthma, other respiratory diseases and cancer have been found to have increased risk in people who consume tobacco — smoking, to be specific. However, evidences of vision loss and ophthalmic problems have been found higher in individuals who smoke.
Ikeda Lal, Opthalmologist at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, Delhi, said: "Macular degeneration causes retina to lose its sharpness as it effects its central part which is responsible for clarity of vision. This makes it difficult for patients to drive and read properly and eventually lose their quality of life."
Recent researches say that about one in four women in the metro cities is addicted to smoking.
Arvind Vaid, Gynaecologist and IVF Expert at national capital-based Indira IVF Hospital, said: "As many women as men are addicted to some form of tobacco products. Smoking reduces their chances of conceiving by at least by 60 percent. Chemicals present in a cigarette also make certain cervical changes that even put them at an elevated risk of cervical cancer."
Quitting the habit is made more difficult by the physical addiction to nicotine — the chemical stimulant in tobacco. Nicotine is a highly addictive drug that causes strong physical cravings and withdrawal symptoms like other drugs that stimulate the nervous system.
"Fortunately, medical treatments are now available that can help control the withdrawal symptoms and cravings. With the treatment, significant improvements in the quality of life, daytime symptoms and bronchial hyper-reactivity can be seen," said Ajay Godse, MD Chest Physician at Bhaktivedanta Hospital, Thane in Maharashtra.
Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare Anupriya Patel will flag off a campaign on the occasion of World No Tobacco Day on Thursday.
Political opponents in Zimbabwe have reportedly said that Vice President Constantino Chiwenga is posing a "security threat" in the country "as his hand in often dictatorial government decisions has been evident".
Last week, Chiwenga, the country's former military chief sacked at least 16 000 striking nurses over what he claimed was a "politically motivated" industrial action.
In a terse statement, Chiwenga described the nurses' strike as "deplorable and reprehensible", as the government had released $17 million to boost their pay and allowances, a report by AFP said.
"Government has decided in the interest of patients and of saving lives to discharge all the striking nurses with immediate effect," Chiwenga said at the time, adding that unemployed and retired nurses would be hired to replace those fired.
Chiwenga's decision was, however, reversed by Mnangagwa, thus, fuelling speculation that the two were locked in a bitter power struggle.
'Strategic move'
The "shock sacking, according to New Zimbabwe.com, put a spotlight on the former military commander's "overbearing influence on governance issues", which dated "back to the time he was the country's top soldier".
A spokesperson for the People's Democratic Party (PDP), Jacob Mafume said that Chiwenga was behaving as if Mnangagwa was not his boss but a partner.
"He is paranoid out of control drunk with power," Mafume was quoted as saying.
However, in an interview with News24, the Institute for Security Studies (ISS) senior researcher, Derek Matyszak maintained that although Chiwenga appeared influential, he was still taking orders from Mnangagwa.
Matyszak said that it was highly likely that Mnangagwa and Chiwenga were using their different approaches to government issues as a "strategic move".
Social unrest
"I don't think Chiwenga is running the show as some suggest, and I have not been provided with any clear evidence of this... It is possible that ED (Mnangagwa) uses this perspective to play good cop against Chiwenga's bad cop," said Matyszak.
Matyszak said that the industrial action by the nurses last week should also be seen in a context of the country's political dynamics.
He said that the trade unions were testing the new administration's tolerance of dissent.
Matyszak said that the new administration was nervous about widespread industrial actions and was, therefore, using the nurses' strike to send a clear message to other trade unions, including the teachers' union that there was no room for industrial actions.
"The purported firing (of nurses) is government exercising a strong-arm or strongman tactic in trying to resolve the dispute which is reminiscent of Mugabe's style of governance.
"Clearly government is nervous of social unrest, which can damage the 'Zimbabwe is open for business' catchphrase. It wants to send a clear message to others contemplating a strike," said Matyszak.
Beauty
Of all the hair accessories out there, bobby pins win the superlative for both most practical and least sexy. (They're also the only thing you own approximately 200 of but can never find.) But this season's Fashion Month was here to change that. At shows like Maki Oh and Sally LaPointe, these little workhorses were used for so much more than just holding a bun in place. After trying —and promptly becoming obsessed with—the "bobby pin art" runway styles ourselves, we turned to the only other place we could think of for easy and inventive new takes: Instagram. What we found were the most unexpected ways to wear bobby pins for every hair length and texture. Get ready to stock up on bobbies in bulk .
DANGER: A historic grenade has been found near a tram stop in Greater Manchester
Bomb disposal teams have been sent to tackle the device which was discovered near a canal.
The grenade was found close to Brooklands tram stop in Sale, close to Trafford in Greater Manchester.
Police say that local roads have been closed off and trams are not stopping at the station.
A spokeswoman for Greater Manchester Police said: "We were called at 7.20am this morning to a suspect historic grenade.
SINGAPORE: Four Singaporean men were on Friday (Oct 6) convicted of raping two women in Taiwan but they will not have to serve time behind bars, according to Taiwan news reports.
Focus Taiwan reported that Lau Wei Seng was sentenced to a term of one year and eleven months, suspended for five years, Bryan Ong Kun Jun got one year and ten months, suspended for five years, Tan Juan Yin got one year and nine months, suspended for four years and Lim Wei Xuan got one year and eight months, suspended for four years.
During the suspended period, they will stay in Taiwan under supervised probation.
The suspended sentences were handed down because all four reached settlements and paid compensation to their victims, according to the report.
All four men were 23 when they committed the offences last year. Believed to be students on holiday, the men met the two local women and invited them back to where they were staying, before getting them drunk and raping them.
They then tried to leave Taiwan on Dec 13 but were arrested before they could do so.
Advertisement
Advertisement
According to the Central News Agency, the Taiwan Shihlin District Court said in a press release that the victims had forgiven the defendants and pleaded for leniency on their behalf.
The court also noted that the four were undergraduates and said they had been already "taught a tough lesson" as they had been detained for more than eight months after they were arrested and were unable to return to Singapore or continue their studies.
Prison would hinder their rehabilitation and result in social costs, Central News Agency cited the court as saying.
Owners of the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge are still awaiting for the official announcement as to when the Android 7.0 Nougat will finally arrive for their devices. But there may be a bit of a sign that it will be coming soon, maybe even this month. The Korean OEM seems to have revised its manuals for the two flagship devices, highlighting all the changes that will happen once Nougat has been rolled out to the two smartphones.
Late last year, Samsung actually rolled out the Galaxy Beta Program for those owners of the flagship devices that would want to check out all the new features that will be coming with the Nougat update, before everyone else. The program was closed a few days ago as Samsung confirmed that they are trying their best to release Android 7.1.1 Nougat for the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge sometime this first month of 2017. Even as the updated manuals have been released, there are still no indications as to when the actual roll-out will be.
The changes highlighted in the manual include the tweaks that Nougat will bring to the user interface, new features, and improved functionality specifically with notifications and Google Assistant. These changes aren't new to those who participated in the five beta builds that were released in the Galaxy Beta Program. The Galaxy S7 manual is only available in English for now, while the Galaxy S7 edge manual has German and Dutch languages in addition to English.
If Samsung does release the update for the two flagships this January, then this will spell good news for owners of other devices that have been included in the list of those who will receive updates. It will not be immediate, but we know they will be coming soon as well.
VIA: Galaxy Club
Britain's National Crime Agency (NCA) said on Monday 500 million dollars frozen in the UK as part of an ongoing investigation into a potential fraud against Angola's central bank can be returned to the southern African country.
“The necessary authority has now been provided for the monies to be returned to the Angolan Authorities,” an emailed response to questions said.
NAN reports that on Friday, Angolan Attorney's General Office confirmed that the former governor of the Angolan Central Bank, Valter Silva, was under investigation and prevented from leaving the country due to an alleged illicit transfer of 500 million U.S. dollars abroad.
According to the deputy Attorney-General, Joao Coelho, the former governor of the central bank of Angola is indicted for the crime of embezzlement and money laundering.
The former bank chief is accused of being involved in an illicit transfer of 500 million dollars to an account at the Credit Suisse Bank in London, UK, in September 2017, weeks before long-term president Jose Eduardo dos Santos left power.
The banking operation was considered suspicious by the British NCA Agency which initiated the investigation.
The deputy Attorney-General said that the Angolan Ministry of Finance and the National Bank of Angola are working with the British authorities for the return of the money to Angola.
A team from NCA has been in Angola since the end of 2017, having held several meetings with the Angolan government.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday that a new North American Free Trade Agreement could be agreed quickly, as Canada hailed progress on forging new rules for the auto industry, the pivotal issue in talks to revamp the 24-year-old accord.
WASHINGTON: U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday that a new North American Free Trade Agreement could be agreed quickly, as Canada hailed progress on forging new rules for the auto industry, the pivotal issue in talks to revamp the 24-year-old accord.
Ministers from the United States, Canada and Mexico responsible for NAFTA met in Washington to narrow outstanding differences in the hope of tying up a deal in the coming days.
"NAFTA, as you know, is moving along. They (Mexico) have an election coming up very soon," Trump said at a cabinet meeting briefly attended by reporters.
"But we're doing very nicely with NAFTA. I could make a deal really quickly, but I'm not sure that's in the best interests of the United States. But we'll see what happens," he said.
While details are not yet clear, a new NAFTA is likely to push the region's automakers to source more parts from North America in order to create more jobs. Such an outcome could also raise costs for Detroit's main car manufacturers.
Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland, U.S. Trade Representative (USTR) Robert Lighthizer and Mexican Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo are pressing for a quick deal to avoid clashing with Mexico's July 1 presidential election.
Advertisement
Advertisement
To do so, they must reach a compromise on several contentious U.S. demands, including raising the regional automotive content requirements to qualify for tariff-free trade.
Trump's negotiators had initially demanded North American-built vehicles contain 85 percent content made in NAFTA countries by value, up from 62.5 percent now, and said that half the value must be U.S.-made.
Industry officials say the regional demand has been cut to about 75 percent and the U.S. content pitch dropped.
Entering the USTR's office near the White House, Freeland said the latest talks would focus on the auto sector rules of origin, calling it "the heart" of the new NAFTA.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
"We have been making good progress. This is an issue which is fiendishly complex," she told reporters.
Trump on Monday again fanned uncertainty by threatening to tie a NAFTA deal to Mexico's immigration controls, a suggestion the Mexican government quickly dismissed.
Mexico, which at the outset of the Trump presidency said it would treat the NAFTA revamp as part of a general review of its relations with the United States, has pushed back in the talks by threatening to become less cooperative with Washington.
Two weeks ago Mexico vowed to analyze all cooperation with the United States and the government on Tuesday circulated an official's letter to the Mexican Senate saying President Enrique Pena Nieto would soon consider the findings of the review.
Arriving for talks with Lighthizer, Mexico's Guajardo said flexibility will be needed to reach a deal. Guajardo said that Mexico would not accept any U.S. tariffs on aluminum or steel - another measure Trump has threatened to tie to NAFTA. A U.S. exemption to tariffs ends on by May 1.
Negotiators say a new NAFTA could be possible by early May.
"In the coming 10 days we can really have a new agreement in principle," said Moises Kalach, head of the international negotiating arm of the CCE business lobby, which represents the Mexican private sector at the talks.
"As soon as there is political will from the American government to go for a final deal, I think we can close this," Kalach told Mexican radio. "We've had all our (negotiating) teams in Washington for two weeks and we will continue working all this week, the weekend and into next week."
(Reporting by David Lawder and Jeff Mason; additional reporting by Anthony Esposito, Dave Graham and Veronica Gomez in Mexico City; Editing by James Dalgleish and Grant McCool)
Catriona Gray wins Miss Universe Philippines crown
1 SHARES Share Tweet
By ROBERT R. REQUINTINA
FROM world to the universe.
A 24-year-old Filipino-Australian model earned the right to represent the Philippines in Miss Universe after she was crowned in the nerve-wracking 55th Bb. Pilipinas beauty pageant held at the Smart Araneta Coliseum in Cubao, Quezon City Sunday.
Catriona Gray (Albay), has been a crowd favorite to win the coveted crown since Day 1 of the Bb. Pilipinas contest as she edged out 39 other girls for the title.
Gray represented the Philippines in the 2016 Miss World beauty contest held in Maryland, USA where she finished in Top 5.
It is rare for a Filipino beauty queen to compete in the Miss Universe pageant after she represented the country in its rival pageant Miss World.
Loud cheers from fans of Gray echoed the Big Dome every time the Bicolana beauty queen-blogger appeared on stage.
It is the second year in a row that a Bicolana will represent the country in Miss Universe. Last year, Miss Universe semi-finalist Rachel Peters represented Camarines Sur. Other Bicolana Binibinis were Ma. Venus Raj, Albay, 4th runner-up, 2010 Miss Universe pageant; and Miriam Quiambao, also of Albay, 1st runner-up, 1999 Miss Universe contest.
Unconfirmed reports said that the 2018 Miss Universe beauty contest might be held in the Philippines again.
During the question-and-answer portion, US Ambassador to the Philippines Sung Kim fielded the question to Gray and asked: “After the devastating war, Marawi is now on its way to recovery. What is your message to the young women of Marawi?”
Gray answered: “My answer and message to the women [of Marawi] is to be strong. As women, we are the head of the household. And, we have amazing influence not only on our own families – as mothers, sisters, and friends – but also on our community. If we could get the women to stay strong and be that image of strength for the children and the people around them, once the rebuilding is complete, the morale of the community will stay strong and high.”
The 5'9 stunner also bagged five major special awards during the televised beauty contest. She won the Pitoy Moreno Best in National Costume (designed by Jason Demavivas), Best In Swimwear, Best In Long Gown, Jag Denim Queen, and Miss Ever Bilena.
Gray's hobbies are sketching, painting, travel, writing, photography, music, and cooking. She's also a Black belt in Choi Kwang Do, loves outdoor recreation and outdoor sports. She has a boyfriend.
An only child, Gray went to college at the Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts where she earned a master certificate in music theory.
More winners
Other girls who won titles were Maria Ahtisa Manalo, Bb. Pilipinas International 2018; Jehza Mae Huelar, Bb. Pilipinas Supranational 2018; Eva Psychee Patalinjug, Bb. Pilipinas Grand International 2018; Karen Gallman, Bb. Pilipinas Intercontinental 2018; and Michele Gumabao, Bb. Pilipinas Globe 2018.
First runner-up honors went to Vickie Rushton and Samantha Bernardo, 2nd runner-up.
Other winners of special awards were Marie Sherry Ann Tormes, Friendship and Talent; Muriel Adrienne Orais, Miss Philippine Airlines; Gumabao, Miss Creme Silk; Patalinjug, Face of Bb. Pilipinas (Photogenic); and Bernardo, Manila Bulletin Readers' Choice Awards.
MB Readers Choice
Bernardo, 25, is this year's Manila Bulletin Readers Choice awardee.
She received a vacation and pampering package from the Manila Hotel worth P100,000, one year free subscription of Manila Bulletin newspaper and P10,000 cash. It was awarded by Manila Bulletin Public Relations Manager Badette Cunanan and Manila Bulletin External Affairs Head Barbie Atienza.
Bernardo hails from Puerto Princesa, Palawan. For nine years, Bernardo was a competitive rhythmic gymnast in her elementary and high school days. She always represented her school in national competitions.
She is a culture and arts advocate and former president of Cultural Group who showcases Philippine traditions through folk dances, The Palawan State University Sining Palawan Dance Troupe.
In 2013, Bernardo competed in the Miss World Philippines 2013 contest and finished in the semifinals. She also won Best In Talent in the same pageant.
Disappointed?
Fans, mostly from the De La Salle University (DLSU) on Taft Avenue in Manila, took to social media to express their disappointment to the title won by Gumabao, who made a successful transition from volleyball star to beauty queen.
Supporters of Gumabao said that she could have won a title higher than the Bb. Pilipinas Globe because of her impressive performance during the finals, especially in the Q&A portion.
Gumabao was the star player of the DLSU Lady Spikers from 2012-2013.
Related
comments
Dev site has moved
The dev site has been moved to New URL
If you have this bookmarked you should bookmark the new URL. You can do this by clicking the button.
Bookmark new dev
- Former vice president, Atiku Abubakar has revealed why he is not desperate to be Nigeria's president
- Abubakar could have become Nigeria's president in 2003 when virtually, all the state governors then, rallied support for him to contest but he declined
- He said in 2007 he contested against former president, Olusegun Obasanjo to only show the world that he has the right to contest
Former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, on Tuesday, April 24, declared that he is not desperate to become Nigeria's president in 2019 adding that if he were he would not have stepped down for M.K.O Abiola in 1993 presidential race.
Abubakar who made this known in an interview with BBC Hausa morning programme said: ''If I am desperate, I wouldn't have stepped down for M.K.O Abiola in 1993 presidential race.
''In 1993, I contested with M.K.O Abiola. I later withdrew from the race. In 1999, I was elected a governor of Adamawa state, then invited to be Nigeria's vice president, under Olusegun Obasanjo.''
READ ALSO: Identity of Nigerian man burnt to death in South Africa revealed as Ebuka Nwaogu
Abubakar said in 2007 he contested against former president, Olusegun Obasanjo, ''To show the world that I have the right to contest and I did that to satisfy my conscience.
''All the times I have been contesting for the presidency, I have been opportune only once to be presented to Nigerians as a candidate,” he said, adding that the remaining times, he ended up only at the primary election.
He said: ''I could have become Nigeria's president in 2003 when virtually, all the state governors then, rallied support for me to contest which I declined. I am not desperate to be president as some Nigerians view it.
''As a former vice president, I am opportune to know things. If I am opportune to be elected as a president, I will accomplish my mission by reviving the economy, by making Nigeria an investor's haven.
PAY ATTENTION: Install our latest app for Android, read the best news on Nigeria's #1 news app
''The present administration discouraged investors into the country, because the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) exchange rate policies is too tedious for investors. CBN has three different exchange rate policies, which is not supposed to be.
''If elected Nigeria's president, I will expand the nation's source of wealth to cater for the growing youth population in the country. Nigeria can justify my claims, going by the number of youth that are working in my industries across the country.''
Meanwhile, NAIJ.com had reported that Abubakar disagreed with President Buhari's statement that many Nigerian youths just sit and do nothing.
Atiku in a series of tweets on Thursday, April 19, said he will never refer to Nigeria's youth as people who sit and do nothing.
The former vice president added that he has always said oil is not Nigeria's greatest asset, rather the youths are the country's greatest who created Nollywood out of nothing and an entertainment industry that is second to none in Africa.
President Buhari on 2019 presidential election: will you vote for him? | NAIJ.com TV:
[embedded content]
Source: Naija.ng
A previously undetected group of Russian-language hackers silently stole nearly US$10 million from at least 18 mostly U.S. and Russian banks in recent years by targeting interbank transfer systems, a Moscow-based security firm said on Monday.
FRANKFURT: A previously undetected group of Russian-language hackers silently stole nearly US$10 million from at least 18 mostly U.S. and Russian banks in recent years by targeting interbank transfer systems, a Moscow-based security firm said on Monday.
Group-IB warned that the attacks, which began 18 months ago and allow money to be robbed from bank automated teller machines (ATMs), appear to be ongoing and that banks in Latin America could be targeted next.
The first attack occurred in the spring of 2016 against First Data's "STAR" network, the largest U.S. bank transfer messaging system connecting ATMs at more than 5,000 organizations, Group-IB researchers said in a 36-page report.
The firm said it was continuing to investigate a number of incidents where hackers studied how to make money transfers through the SWIFT banking system, while stopping short of saying whether any such attacks had been carried out successfully.
SWIFT said in October that hackers were still targeting its interbank messaging system, but security controls instituted after last year's US$81 million heist at Bangladesh's central bank had thwarted many of those attempts. (http://reut.rs/2z1b7Bo)
Group-IB has dubbed the hacker group "MoneyTaker" after the name of software it used to hijack payment orders to then cash out funds through a network of low-level "money mules" who were hired to pick up money from automated teller machines.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The security researchers said they had identified 18 banks who were hit including 15 across 10 states in the United States, two in Russia and one in Britain. Beside banks, financial software firms and one law firm were targeted.
The average amount of money stolen in each of 14 U.S. ATM heists was US$500,000 per incident. Losses in Russia averaged US$1.2 million per incident, but one bank there managed to catch the attack and return some of the stolen funds, Group-IB said.
Hackers also stole documentation for OceanSystems' Fed Link transfer system used by 200 banks in Latin America and the United States, it said. In addition, they successfully attacked the Russian interbank messaging system known as AW CRB.
Once hackers penetrated targeted banks and financial organizations, they stole internal bank documentation in order to mount future ATM attacks, Group-IB said. In Russia, the hackers continued to spy on bank networks after break-ins, while at least one U.S. bank had documents robbed twice, it said.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Group-IB said it had notified Interpol and Europol in order to assist in law enforcement investigations.
The unidentified hackers used a mix of constantly changing tools and tactics to bypass anti virus and other traditional security software while being careful to eliminate traces of their operations, helping them to go largely unnoticed. To disguise their moves, hackers used security certificates from brands such as Bank of America, the Fed, Microsoft and Yahoo.
(Reporting by Eric Auchard; editing by Mark Heinrich)
NEW YORK: Kim Jong-un's right-hand man began talks with President Donald Trump's top diplomat on Wednesday (May 30) amid a scramble to organise next month's historic nuclear summit between the North Korean and US leaders.
Kim Yong Chol, a veteran Pyongyang power player and a member of the young autocrat's inner circle, flew in on an Air China flight from Beijing, becoming the most senior North Korean official to visit the United States in 18 years.
Advertisement
Dialogue between the two sides began with a dinner meeting held in an apartment building near the UN headquarters at 7.00pm (7.00am Singapore time Thursday), ahead of further talks to finalise planning for a Jun 12 summit designed to end a nuclear standoff that once threatened to plunge Korea back into war.
Mike Pompeo, who arrived at the venue first, was accompanied by Andrew Kim, the head of the Koreas desk at the CIA. Kim Yong Chol arrived minutes later and was also accompanied by an aide.
Neither side spoke to the press ahead of the dinner, but a tweet by Pompeo before the meeting notably described the Trump-Kim meeting as a "potential summit."
"Looking forward to meeting with Kim Yong Chol in New York to discuss @Potus potential summit with Chairman Kim. We are committed to the complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearisation of the Korean Peninsula," wrote Pompeo.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Looking forward to meeting with Kim Yong Chol in New York to discuss @Potus potential summit with Chairman Kim. We are committed to the complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula @StateDept — Secretary Pompeo (@SecPompeo) May 30, 2018
US and North Korean envoys have also been meeting in Panmunjom in the demilitarised zone between North and South Korea, and an American "pre-advance" team is in Singapore to make logistical arrangements for the rapidly planned meeting.
"So far the readout from these meetings have been positive and we'll continue to move forward with them," White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said, confirming the plan is still for the leaders to meet in Singapore on Jun 12.
But with 13 days to go, the talks between General Kim and Pompeo, the former CIA chief who pioneered the latest round of face-to-face meetings, appeared to confirmed that the process of getting two unpredictable leaders to the table is now on track.
"As the president says, if it happens, we'll certainly be ready," Sanders said.
Earlier this month, Trump suddenly but only briefly announced a cancellation of the summit after a North Korea issued a sharp rebuke of what it saw as threatening language for the US side, and the US side warns talks could be postponed if Kim is not serious about disarmament.
But the summit appears increasingly likely to go ahead, amid a flurry of international diplomatic activity.
Moscow said Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov would travel to North Korea on Thursday to discuss Pyongyang's nuclear programme. Pompeo and Lavrov spoke by telephone for the first time on Wednesday, but their offices' accounts of the call made no mention of Korea.
Pompeo called his South Korean and Singaporean counterparts over the weekend and Japan is also keenly watching summit preparations. Trump will meet its Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in Washington on Jun 7.
On Sunday, US negotiators, headed by Washington's ambassador to the Philippines Sung Kim, began meeting North Korean counterparts in the truce village of Panmunjom that divides the two Koreas.
"They plan to have additional meetings this week," Sanders said.
Kim Yong Chol is the most senior North Korean on US soil since Vice Marshal Jo Myong Rok met then-president Bill Clinton in 2000.
The general has played a front-seat role during recent rounds of diplomacy aimed at ending the nuclear stalemate on the Korean peninsula.
He sat next to Trump's daughter Ivanka, who is also a White House aide, during February's closing ceremony for the Winter Olympics in South Korea, an event that was seen as a turning point in the nuclear crisis.
He also accompanied Kim Jong-un on both of his recent trips to China to meet President Xi Jinping, and held talks with Pompeo when he travelled to Pyongyang.
YAWNING GAP
General Kim's journey to the US caps a frenetic few days of meetings between North Korean and American officials.
An AFP photographer saw Kim Chang Son, Kim Jong-un's de facto chief of staff, in Singapore on Tuesday for preparatory discussions there.
The key task is to settle the agenda. The main stumbling block is likely to be the concept of "denuclearisation" - both sides say they want it, but there is a yawning gap between their definitions.
Washington wants North Korea to quickly give up all its nuclear weapons in a verifiable way in return for sanctions and economic relief.
But analysts say North Korea will be unwilling to cede its nuclear deterrent unless it is given security guarantees that the US will not try to topple the regime.
Firefighting helicopters try to save a house from the Thomas wildfire in Carpinteria, California, on Dec. 10, 2017. (Photo: Mark Ralston / Getty Images)
Los Angeles — As Southern California enters its second week engulfed in flames, fire officials anticipate more growth and danger due to continued strong wind gusts, no rain and decades-old dry vegetation.
A powerful flare-up on the western edge of the largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday, as wind-fanned flames ripped down hillsides toward coastal towns northwest of Los Angeles. New evacuations were ordered as the fire sent up an enormous plume near Montecito and Carpinteria, seaside areas in Santa Barbara County.
“The winds are kind of squirrely right now,” said county fire spokesman Mike Eliason. “Some places the smoke is going straight up in the air, and others it's blowing sideways. Depends on what canyon we're in.”
Southern California's gusty Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region's most disastrous wildfires. They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean, speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons.
Gusts of up to 40 mph are expected through Monday, according to the National Weather Service.
Containment increased Sunday on other major blazes in Los Angeles, Riverside and San Diego counties. Resources from those fires were diverted to the Santa Barbara foothills to combat the 270-square-mile fire that started Dec. 4 in neighboring Ventura County.
As of late Sunday, the Thomas Fire had destroyed 790 structures and damaged 191.
Fires are not typical in Southern California this time of year but can break out when dry vegetation and too little rain combine with the Santa Ana winds. Though the state emerged this spring from a yearslong drought, hardly any measurable rain has fallen in the region over the past six months.
“This is the new normal,” Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown warned Saturday after surveying damage from the deadly Ventura fire. The governor and experts said climate change is making wildfires a year-round threat.
High fire risk is expected to last into January.
The air thick with acrid smoke, even residents of areas not under evacuation orders took the opportunity to leave, fearing another shutdown of U.S. 101, a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week. Officials handed out masks to residents who stayed behind in Montecito, the wealthy hillside enclave that's home to celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Rob Lowe.
“Our house is under threat of being burned,” Ellen DeGeneres tweeted at midday Sunday. “We just had to evacuate our pets. I'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters.”
Ojai experienced hazardous levels of smoke at times and officials warned of unhealthy air for large swaths of the region. The South Coast Air Quality Management District urged residents to stay indoors if possible and avoid vigorous outdoor activities.
In San Diego, which is 130 miles to the south, the Lilac Fire was 75 percent contained. The flames erupted suddenly Thursday in the Fallbrook area, known for its avocado groves and horse stables in the rolling hills.
The fire swept through the San Luis Rey Downs training center, where it killed more than 40 elite thoroughbred race horses, and destroyed more than 100 homes — most of them in a retirement community. Three people were burned trying to escape the fire that continued to smolder Sunday.
Despite the size and number of wildfires burning in the region, there has only been one confirmed death: A 70-year-old woman, who crashed her car on an evacuation route, is attributed to the fire in Santa Paula, a small city where the Thomas Fire began.
Most of last week's fires were in places that burned in the past, including one in the ritzy Los Angeles neighborhood of Bel-Air that burned six homes and another in the city's rugged foothills above the community of Sylmar and in Santa Paula.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2iS8I3n
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Gerard Gallant and the Vegas Golden Knights still think Tom Wilson‘s third-period hit on Jonathan Marchessault in the Stanley Cup Final opener was too late and probably a bit dirty.
The coach also believes it sparked his team's comeback victory in that Game 1 thriller.
So while he wasn't happy to hear Wilson will face no discipline from the NHL, Gallant is hoping his team will remember the hit – and more importantly, how they played right after it – when they attempt to take a 2-0 series lead on the Washington Capitals on Wednesday night on the Strip.
”The good thing about the hit is it really woke our team up,” Gallant said after an optional practice at the Golden Knights' suburban training complex. ”I think it was a 4-4 game?”
Indeed, two novice Stanley Cup finalists were deep into an entertainingly ramshackle opener, but the Knights took charge after that fateful collision left Marchessault sprawled on the ice. Vegas quickly got Tomas Nosek‘s go-ahead goal , eventually won 6-4 and surged one game closer to an improbable championship.
The focused aggression necessary to be a successful postseason team is a delicate concoction. The Golden Knights and Caps both had it during the conference playoffs, but they both admit it got away from them in Game 1.
”I think both teams can be better,” Washington coach Barry Trotz said. ”It was a pretty sloppy game.”
After one game to get used to the sky-high stakes of the last round of this tournament, both teams intend to channel their nervous energy more constructively in the future. Both coaches stressed the importance of discipline, completing assignments and not allowing the frenetic Vegas crowd to overwhelm their emotions.
”There's obviously nerves,” Washington's Jay Beagle said. ”I'm not surprised at anything anymore, but in the Stanley Cup Final, usually it's 2-1 or 1-0, not (6-4). But you don't know what to expect from a team that you don't know that much. Now we've got to know them a little bit more.”
The mistakes that worry coaches also lead to exciting hockey, and the opener was thoroughly entertaining even before Wilson lowered the boom on Marchessault. The teams combined for a Final-record four lead changes in the highest-scoring opener in eight years for this final round.
Wilson, who served a three-game suspension in the second round for breaking the jaw of Pittsburgh's Zach Aston-Reese, and the Capitals still insist the hard-charging forward did nothing wrong when he leveled the Golden Knights' top playoff scorer.
”It's within the rules,” Wilson said after practice at T-Mobile Arena. ”It's a clean hit. I don't know why it got so much media attention, to be honest. It's a hard hit, but that's the day and age we're in. … I'm trying to play my game. There are a lot of those hits that are going on, but it's the Stanley Cup Final, and it's within the rules.”
The NHL Department of Player Safety agreed when it decided not to discipline Wilson for the shoulder-to-shoulder hit, clearly deciding that Wilson's timing wasn't extraordinarily late.
Marchessault went to the dressing room and was examined for a possible concussion, but returned to the game. Gallant said the forward is feeling fine for Game 2.
The Capitals had their own complaint about Vegas forward David Perron, who jumped on the ice after the whistle and made contact with Washington captain Alex Ovechkin during the scuffles immediately after the hit.
Once the emotions died down, both teams realized they've got to check their more primal urges if they hope to play a solid game on the NHL's biggest stage. The atmosphere in Las Vegas for the city's first Final has been electric, but the Caps weren't intimidated by the frenzied crowd.
Washington goalie Braden Holtby said the biggest difference about playing in Vegas is ”the bass they put in the building. Maybe that's a little false when … you're literally shaking from the bass. That's the only difference. (Their) fans are loud. Our fans are loud. Tampa's, Pitt's, Columbus, all fans are loud.”
The condition of the T-Mobile Arena ice also caused occasional problems for both teams with its inconsistencies and general roughness, but nobody is claiming the first-year NHL building has any unusual problems. The conditions certainly didn't hurt the offensive players in any meaningful way, given the final score.
”Ice isn't an excuse, because it's the same for both teams,” Holtby said. ”You just want to figure it out quicker than them, and obviously they've had the advantage playing here for a while. Our ice isn't any different than it is here. It's just little differences. When it's that hot out, there's always one thing that's not great. We're just figuring out what you can and can't do.”
—
More Stanley Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/StanleyCupFinals
Two thirds of families caring for disabled adults with complex needs in Sussex are ‘living in fear' of what will happen to their loved one when they are no longer able to provide support, according to a new report by the national disability charity Sense.
In a report published by the charity on Friday (February 2), 79 per cent of the families surveyed said they have no long-term plan in place for when they are no longer able to provide support. Meanwhile 91 per cent said they have little to no trust in local authorities being able to provide adequate care to their loved one.
The report also highlights new Freedom of Information data which reveals only one in four councils in England are able to support disabled people and their carers to make contingency plans for future care options.
Richard Kramer, deputy CEO of Sense, said: “After a lifetime of caring, no parent or disabled adult should be left neglected and living in fear about the future.
“The clear warnings from families contained in this report about the consequences for them and their sons or daughters must be listened to as the current position is not sustainable. The costs of inaction are clear – inadequate planning and lack of provision simply shunts disabled adults into crisis placements which are challenging and frightening for the individual and inadequately meets their needs.
“We need to tackle the pressures facing families with better planning for future care needs and greater investment in social care to combat this looming care crisis. It is now a time to act so disabled adults and their families receive the right support at the right time and in the most appropriate setting.”
According to Sense, there are 1.3 million carers aged over 60 in England and Wales. The charity says its research raises fears of a looming care crisis for disabled adults with complex needs, who risk being placed in unsuitable crisis care placements.
Only 11 per cent of family carers in the south east of England reported finding the process of planning for the future straightforward, with many saying they worried that a lack of quality care and a shortage of specialist services will mean their loved one's needs will not be met in the future. More than half (52 per cent) said they worry that funding cuts will impact the availability of local services for their loved one.
As part of a series of recommendations set out in the report, the charity calls for a duty on councils to ensure long term care plans are in place for disabled adults. This call is supported by 8 out of 10 of the carers surveyed. Sense is also calling upon government to ensure social care is adequately funded to meet the growing needs of families and disabled adults.
Alongside today's report, Sense have also published a toolkit: ‘Decisions to make: Steps to take' aimed at helping disabled people and their families make decisions about future care and support.
The report and the toolkit can be found here: www.sense.org.uk/helpfamiliesplan
Seventy young men have joined militancy in the past seven months this year with most of the recruits from three districts in south Kashmir, according to a senior official.The new recruits mostly belong to Pulwama, Shopian and Kulgam districts in south Kashmir, which has become the hub of tech-savvy militants."As many as 70 Kashmiri youths joined militancy in the Valley in seven months period this year," the senior security officer told PTI quoting official statistics.The officer claimed 88 Kashmiri youths joined militancy in 2016. Since 2014, there has been a constant rise in the number of people joining militancy.As many as 66 youths joined militancy in Kashmir in 2015 and 53 in 2014, according to data compiled by security agencies.In 2010, 54 youths joined militancy and in 2011, the number came down to 23. It further dipped to 21 in 2012 and 16 in 2013, it said.The Pulwama-Shopian-Kulgam region has become a hotbed of homegrown terrorists, the officials said. Security officials say Pulwama, which has of-late emerged as the terror epicenter, is strategically important as it is the central point to connect Srinagar, Anantnag, Kulgam, Shopian and Budgam districts of central Kashmir."The areas have seen the highest number of encounters and attacks," the officer added.The topography of Pulwama, with its vast orchards and fields ringed by dense forests, also provide a perfect shelter and operating cover to militants.Pulwama was home to Hizbul Mujahideen commander Burhan Wani, who was killed in an encounter with security forces in July last year.It was also the base of slain Abu Dujana, commander of Lashkar-e-Taiba militants in the Kashmir Valley, Abu Musa and dozens of other militants.Security forces have also foiled attempts by dozen others to cross over to the Pakistan-occupied Kashmir for arms training, the officer said.In 2017, as many as 54 men were stopped from joining the ranks of militants, the officer said.132 terrorists have been killed in encounters with police and security forces in Kashmir Valley in over 7 months period this year, security officials said.While 115 militants have been killed till July end this year, 17 militants have been killed till August 9, as per official statistics.While 38 militants belonging to LeT were killed in over 7 months till 9 August, it was followed by killing of 37 militants of Hizb and 3 militants belonging to Musa Group of Al-Qeada followed by killing of 54 unidentified militants mostly along the LoC.Out of them, six top commanders of Lashker-e-Taiba (LeT) and Hizb-ul-Mujahideen (HM) were killed in encounters in Kashmir during the period.As per the data, the number of terrorists killed in the past over 6 months is the highest in the past 7 years.In 2010, 156 militants were killed in the first 7 months period of the year followed by 102 in 2017, 77 in 2016, 61 in 2011, 51 each in 2014 and 2015 respectively, the data showed.Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti has asked the police to try to bring back to mainstream youths who have fled their homes to join militancy.DGP S P Vaid has said that,"Going beyond its mandate of normalpolicing, J&K Police is transforming hearts and minds by instilling national pride in the youth of the Valley".
ALLEN PARK, Mich. -- In July, just before Steve Longa left New Jersey for Detroit Lions training camp, his father pulled him aside. And in that moment, Etienne Longa told his son how proud he was of him. Told him how he had accomplished so much in his life, how much he still had to go.
Whenever Etienne talked, Steve listened. The father's words mattered to the son. Steve went to Etienne whenever he had a real problem seeking a real solution and loved his dad "more than anybody." Steve said his father was a man who gave of himself, a "righteous" man who opened up his heart when he met anyone he encountered -- whether they were family or a person seeking help.
The past week left Steve confused and heartbroken, angry and frustrated; left him searching for answers, even though he knows that no answers will bring his father back. Etienne Longa, 55, was killed last Thursday -- hit by a SUV while crossing Route 611 in Pennsylvania. Nothing he can learn about the accident can help explain why his father -- the man whose advice he always sought -- was dead.
Steve Longa on his late father, Etienne: "Everything I have ever done and everything I ever wanted to accomplish, it was not just for me. It was for both of us." Photo by Scott W. Grau/Icon Sportswire
"The hardest week of my life," Longa told ESPN on Friday, his first interview since his father's death. "No sense of direction. No sense, there's no enthusiasm. Questions. I don't know, I can't even explain it."
Last Thursday, Steve was at the Lions' practice facility when he saw he had a lot of missed text messages and phone calls. He stepped into the hallway to call his mother back. That's when a family friend told him Etienne had been killed.
That night, Steve was on a plane back to New Jersey to be with his family. He spent days with them, mourning and grieving and trying to understand why his father was gone. He didn't say when he made the decision to play against the Vikings last Sunday, but he played because he felt "coming out here and playing was going to be best for me at the moment." Plus, Etienne always used to talk to his son about doing everything "100 percent."
Yet Sunday still didn't feel right. He said he returned to the Lions' facility and "couldn't recognize people," was in a general fog about everything that had transpired. Even the emotion of the game was gone. On Monday, Steve returned to New Jersey for his father's funeral before rejoining the Lions on Thursday.
"It wasn't the same. The joy of the game, even the first tackle I made, I even wanted to celebrate but I couldn't get myself to even celebrate," Steve said. "I just made the tackle and walked off the field because, growing up, I didn't care what anybody said about me. Even my coaches, even if I played well, all right, whatever they said about me didn't matter.
"But when my dad opened his mouth and said something, if it was something I needed to improve on or anything, I would try to do anything I can to make him proud. Everything I have ever done and everything I ever wanted to accomplish, it was not just for me. It was for both of us. And now not having him here watching me grow and watching me go along with this journey not with him, a lot more things I wanted us to do together. It's just, yeah. I don't know."
Born in Cameroon, Etienne left his family to try and create a better life for them in the United States in 2002. Steve would not see his father again until 2007, when the rest of the Longa family landed at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York to move to the country. For those five years, Etienne and Steve only spoke by phone.
It was Etienne who allowed Steve to play football -- after Steve put together a convincing argument. It was Etienne who was the original athlete in the family, playing professional soccer in Cameroon before becoming a businessman.
And it was Etienne who gave his son that message earlier this year -- one that has stuck with Steve throughout the past week as he has tried to understand why his father is no longer alive.
"This past year, the way he was just talking, it was like he knew something," Steve said. "My dad, he is a very religious man and I remember he told me, that was before I reported for camp, he was like, 'Man, if God calls me over today, I would be one proud father because you've grown up. You're at the point in your life where you've done everything I wanted you to do and accomplish and you've still got a lot more. So if God calls me today, I know you'll be fine in your life.'
"Then certain things he would say and this happens, you know."
It's that message -- one from father to son a few months ago -- that has comforted Steve in the past few days as he goes through the toughest experience of his life.
Bhubaneswar: Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) on Saturday imposed Rs 1 crore fine on Petroleum Conservation Research Association (PCRA), the organisers of Saksham Cyclothon, for allegedly setting up about 2000 hoardings under its jurisdiction for advertising the event without permission.
The civic body has sent a notice to the State coordinator of PCRA Debasish Ransingh for setting up the hoardings from February 1 to February 3 without taking permission, and making any payment towards license fees or advertisement fee, violating the provisions of BMC's Advertisement Regulation, 2006.
BMC Deputy Commissioner (Revenue) Srimanta Mishra directed PCRA to pay the penalty within seven days failing which, action would be taken against it according to Odisha Municipal Corporation Act.
“The organisers also obstructed a squad from removing the illegal hoardings from the City. We have lodged a complaint with the police,” Mishra said.
“BMC has lodged a complaint with Capital Police for obstructing government work. Some people created hindrances while the eviction squad was removing the illegal hoardings,” a civic body's official said.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) — The Rapid will be making some changes that will allow Kent County riders to board faster.
The bus system will be adding e-fare, which comes with two pass options.
“One thing is a smart card. You can use that to board – that's going to be a lot quicker for people because you'll be able to just tap it when you get on the bus, you don't need to insert your card in anything. It doesn't have to read anything, it's just a quick tap and then you can sit down,” said Jennifer Kalczuk with The Rapid.
The transit organization will also allow riders to pull up their ticket on their cellphone so drivers can scan the bar code.
The changes are good news to riders who lose their card or paper ticket. Right now, they're out whatever money was loaded onto the card or ticket; with the more durable smart card, that won't happen.
“If you lose it, because it has a unique number, you won't ever lose the value. We can turn that original card off and then issue a new card and transfer the value right over,” explained Kalczuk.
Riders will also have an online profile they can set up to manage their e-fare. From that profile, riders can add money to their account and set up automatic fund transfers when their account drops to a certain level.
The Rapid says the changes will be gradual. The transit group will start installing card readers on busses this summer; testing will begin in the fall with the hope of completely rolling out the system by early next year.
“We want everyone to feel confident and we want to be confident that when we roll this out that it's ready to go and will work smoothly,” said Kalczuk.
The Rapid is also proposing changing its fare structure, potentially eliminating up-front costs for a fixed number of rides.
“With this new way, you would pay as you go. So you would start paying that $1.75 per ride. After two rides in one day, you would have earned a one-day pass, so any other ride you took that day would be paid for. So unlimited rides for the rest of that day – just the same as you would have (if you) bought a one-day pass,” explained Kalczuk.
The Rapid will accept cash payments from riders.
Riders can weigh in on the e-fare system and potential fare structure change at any of the following public meetings:
Fare Structure Change Meeting #1 at Rapid Central Station
Tuesday, April 18, 2017
3 p.m. – 4 p.m.
Central Station, Second Floor Community Room
250 Grandville Ave SW, Grand Rapids, MI 49503
Fare Structure Change Meeting #2 at Rapid Central Station
Wednesday, April 19, 2017
7 a.m. – 8 a.m.
Central Station, Second Floor Community Room
250 Grandville Ave SW, Grand Rapids, MI 49503
Fare Structure Change Meeting at Kentwood City Hall
Thursday, April 20, 2017
4 p.m. – 5 p.m.
Kentwood City Hall, City Chamber
4900 Breton Ave SE, Kentwood, MI 49508
Fare Structure Change Meeting at Grandville Library
Monday, April 24, 2017
7 p.m. – 8 p.m.
Kent District Library – Grandville Branch
4055 Maple St SW, Grandville, MI 49418
Fare Structure Change Meeting at Walker City Hall
Tuesday, April 25, 2017
10 a.m. – 11 a.m.
Walker City Hall, Commission Chambers
4243 Remembrance Rd NW, Walker, MI 49534
Fare Structure Change Meeting at Wyoming Library
Wednesday, April 26, 2017
6:30 p.m. – 7:30 p.m.
Kent District Library – Wyoming Branch, Library Meeting Room B
3350 Michael Ave SW, Wyoming, MI 49509
Fare Structure Change Meeting at East Grand Rapids Community Center
Thursday, April 27, 2017
1 p.m. – 2 p.m.
East Grand Rapids Community Center
750 Lakeside Dr. SE, East Grand Rapids, MI 49506
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Next October, a new posthumous book from Leonard Cohen will be released. It's titled, The Flame, and will be comprised largely of his “unpublished poems and selections from his notebooks,” as the Guardian points out.
Cohen reportedly finished putting the book together just days before his untimely death in November 2016. “During the final months of his life, Leonard had a singular focus – completing this book,” said Robert Kory, Cohen's manager and trustee of his estate. “The flame and how our culture threatened its extinction was a central concern.”
(Read: The 100 Greatest Debut Singles of All Time)
“Those of us who had the rare privilege of spending time with him during this period recognised that the flame burned bright within him to the very end,” he added. “This book, finished only days before his death, reveals to all the intensity of his inner fire.”
Cohen's notebooks were said to have been “kept in poetic form throughout his life,” and the selections chosen for The Flame promise to give fans “an unprecedentedly intimate look inside the life and mind of a singular artist and thinker.”
The music legend passed away less than a week before the release of his final album, the acclaimed You Want It Darker. To mark the one-year anniversary of Cohen's death, a tribute concert is scheduled for next month in Montreal featuring the likes of Lana Del Rey, Feist, and Elvis Costello.
The police, on Friday, arraigned a 52-year-old pastor, Sunday Obiali, in an Ikeja Magistrates' Court in Lagos for allegedly forging land documents.
Obiali, a resident of Mushin, Lagos, is charged with for forgery and damage.
According to the prosecutor, Sgt. Aondohemba Koti, the accused committed the offence on April 2, 2017 at Okota, Lagos.
He said that the accused forged a document for a plot of land belonging to Mr Emmanuel Okpala.
“The accused illegally occupied a land belonging to the complainant, ” he said.
Koti said that the accused and the complainant fought over the plot of land.
He said the two presented their documents, claiming ownership to the land,the Land Bureau in Alausa, Ikeja, Lagos, discovered that the accused forged his own and that the complainant was the real owner of the land.
Koti also alleged that the accused destroyed a perimetre fence erected by the complainant.
He said the complainant reported the case to the police and the accused was arrested.
The offence, he said, contravened Sections 350 and 365(1) of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015(Revised).
The Section 365(1) prescribes three years jail term for forgery.
The accused pleaded not guilty to the offence.
After he was arraigned, Magistrate, Mr A.O. Ogbe, granted the accused bail in the sum of N200,000 with two sureties in like sum.
Ogbe ordered that the sureties must be gainfully employed and show evidences of two years tax payment to the Lagos State Government.
He adjourned the case until Feb. 12 for mention.
After the Florence gym floor was flooded by more than an inch of water from a kitchen sink leak, it wasn't hard Friday to find a place to insert a blower underneath the ruined maple floor to try to dry it out.
KUALA LUMPUR: South Korea confirmed on Wednesday (Feb 15) that the North Korean man who died after a reported assassination at the Kuala Lumpur airport was North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother.
"Our government is certain that the murdered man is Kim Jong Nam," said Chung Joon-Hee, a spokesman for Seoul's unification ministry that handles inter-Korea affairs.
South Korea added that North Korea had been planning to kill Kim Jong Nam for the past five years. The deceased was travelling from Malaysia to Macau to meet his family when he was assassinated.
South Korea says #DPRK had been planning to kill Kim Jong Nam for the past 5 years and that he was on his way to Macau to meet family. — LIM Yun Suk (@yunsukCNA) February 15, 2017
TV Chosun, a South Korean cable television network, reported that Kim Jong Nam was poisoned at the Kuala Lumpur airport by two women believed to be North Korean operatives.
CCTV pictures taken from #Malaysia airport showing one of the two women suspected to have killed Kim Jong Nam, half-brother of Kim Jong-Un. pic.twitter.com/otcjrvjYts — LIM Yun Suk (@yunsukCNA) February 15, 2017
The women are believed to be still at large.
The North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur has asked Malaysian authorities to hand over the dead body of Kim Jong Nam.
Malaysia's Criminal Investigation Department chief Mohmad Salleh earlier told Channel NewsAsia that travel documents found on the man indicated he was Kim Jong Nam.
A van leaves Putrajaya Hospital, escorted by police. Does the body it's transporting belong to Kim Jong Nam & where's it headed? pic.twitter.com/0p74zYexpX — Sumisha Naidu (@SumishaCNA) February 15, 2017
Malaysian police requested for a post-mortem to be conducted on the body, which has since been moved from Putrajaya Hospital.
A van was seen on Wednesday morning leaving the hospital while being escorted by police vehicles.
This is a developing story. Please refresh for updates.
RIYADH: Saudi Arabia on Monday (Dec 11) lifted a decades-long ban on cinemas, part of a series of social reforms by the powerful crown prince that are shaking up the ultra-conservative kingdom.
The government said it would begin licensing cinemas immediately and the first movie theatres are expected to open next March, in a decision that could boost the kingdom's nascent film industry.
Reviving cinemas would represent a paradigm shift in the kingdom, which is promoting entertainment as part of a sweeping reform plan for a post-oil era, despite opposition from conservatives who have long vilified movie theatres as vulgar and sinful.
"Commercial cinemas will be allowed to operate in the Kingdom as of early 2018, for the first time in more than 35 years," the culture and information ministry said in a statement.
"This marks a watershed moment in the development of the cultural economy in the kingdom," the statement quoted Information Minister Awwad Alawwad as saying.
Like most public spaces in the kingdom, cinema halls are expected to be segregated by gender or have a separate section for families.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Hardliners, who see cinemas as a threat to cultural and religious identity, were instrumental in shutting them down in the 1980s.
Saudi Arabia's highest-ranking cleric warned in January of the "depravity" of cinemas, saying they would corrupt morals.
But authorities appear to be shrugging off the threat, with some comparing Saudi Arabia's reform drive to a fast-moving bus - either people get on board or risk being left behind.
"OPEN, MODERATE ISLAM"
Saudi Arabia in recent months has organised music concerts, a Comic-Con pop culture festival and a mixed-gender national day celebration that saw people dancing in the streets to thumping electronic music for the first time.
Saudis themselves appear quietly astounded by the torrid pace of change - including the historic decision allowing women to drive from next June.
The social transformation chimes with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's recent pledge to return Saudi Arabia to an "open, moderate Islam" and destroy extremist ideologies.
Saudi filmmakers have long argued that a ban on cinemas does not make sense in the age of YouTube.
Saudi films have been making waves abroad, using the internet to circumvent distribution channels and sometimes the stern gaze of state censors.
"It is a beautiful day in #SaudiArabia! Saudi Arabia says cinemas to get licenses in early 2018," Saudi female director Haifaa al-Mansour wrote on Twitter.
Her film Wadjda made history in 2013 after it became Saudi Arabia's first Academy Award entry.
The film depicts the dream of a 10-year-old girl to get a bicycle just like the boys in her conservative neighbourhood.
This year, the country is again vying for an Oscar with the film Barakah Meets Barakah, the kingdom's first romantic comedy which premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival.
"Now our young men and women will show the world possibilities and stories worth seeing," Saudi filmmaker Aymen Tarek Jamal said on Twitter.
"Congratulations to the 2030 Generation."
Neil Woodford has gained a reputation as one of the best investors in the UK thanks to the performance of his equity income funds. One of the reasons why Woodford has been able to outperform his peers is his focus on dividend companies, particularly those companies that already have an attractive dividend yield but also have room to grow the payout significantly in the years ahead. One of his favourite dividend picks is Legal & General (LSE: LGEN). It?s clear why this company has attracted Woodford?s attention. Legal is an enduring saving and investment company, so the business is managed…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
Neil Woodford has gained a reputation as one of the best investors in the UK thanks to the performance of his equity income funds. One of the reasons why Woodford has been able to outperform his peers is his focus on dividend companies, particularly those companies that already have an attractive dividend yield but also have room to grow the payout significantly in the years ahead.
One of his favourite dividend picks is Legal & General (LSE: LGEN). It's clear why this company has attracted Woodford's attention. Legal is an enduring saving and investment company, so the business is managed with a long-term focus and management has to make sure long-term sustainability is not jeopardised by a frivolous dividend policy.
That doesn't mean the company is stingy with cash returns. A steady income stream from products such as pensions and annuities, coupled with revenues from the company's insurance division, means the group company is flush with cash. Last week, Legal announced that first half operating profit rose to £988m, compared with City expectations of £821m.
Investment powerhouse
Legal's size means that it's the primary choice for savers and investors who want to put money away for the long term. According to the company's first half results, Legal & General Investment Management saw assets under management rise 13% to £951bn — an enormous sum that makes the firm one of the largest investors in the UK stock market.
Legal is one of the UK's premier financial companies, and its size makes it a great durable dividend investment. The shares currently support a dividend yield of 5.8%, and City analysts have pencilled in an 80p per share hike in the payout next year, indicating a forward yield of 6.1%. The dividend is covered 1.5 times by earnings per share.
Overlooked dividend champion?
Legal is the largest holding in Woodford's newest fund, the CF Woodford Income Focus fund. Another top 10 holding is Provident Financial (LSE: PFG).
Provident has fallen out of favour with investors over the past eight months. Year-to-date the stock has lost around a third of its value thanks to management mistakes, which have led to a mass staff exodus. Still, it would appear that Woodford continues to believe in the company and with a dividend yield of 6.9% at the time of writing, it's difficult to ignore this income champion.
Analysts seem to believe that Provident's problems will be short-lived. The City has pencilled in a decline in earnings per share of 14% for 2017, but a recovery is expected for 2018, with earnings growth of 24% projected. For both years, analysts expect the payout to be well covered by earnings per share. Even though dividend cover is set to fall to 1.1x for fiscal 2017, next year, cover will return to a more comfortable 1.3x. And even though there is a chance the company may be forced to cut its dividend, a reduction of 50% would still leave the shares yielding a respectable 3.5%.
With Provident's growth set to pick up again next year, the yield of 6.9% looks attractive to me.
The Granite City Police Department will host its first Shop with a Cop on Sunday, Dec. 17.
Ten children have been selected and will meet at 10 a.m. Sunday at the Granite City Township building at 2060 Delmar Ave. for a lights-and-siren escort to the Granite City Walmart. Once there, they will have their choice of a new bicycle or a new Razor scooter, which were donated by an anonymous local business. They will spend the next hour one on one with a police officer shopping for winter clothing, necessities, and toys. Once all the children are done shopping, the officers will return with them to have pizza and refreshments.
Parents will return to get their children at noon.
“We have several officers who are volunteering their off-duty time to participate in this event and we are hoping to make a positive impact in our community,” a Granite City Police Department press release states.
Documenting Hate Tracking Hate Crimes and Bias Incidents
We are looking for a reporting fellow to join our Documenting Hate team, which chronicles and investigates hate crimes and bias incidents in America — where they happen and to whom; how they are prosecuted, if at all; who in government is responsible for counting and combating them.
You'll work on stories based in part on the thousands of tips we've received, and you'll collaborate with other reporters at ProPublica and in our partner newsrooms on longer projects.
Reporting fellows at ProPublica have gone on to work at The New York Times, Bloomberg, Politico, NPR, Center for Public Integrity and the Chicago Tribune — as well as ProPublica itself.
This is a special position located with the data team. No data experience is necessary, though you will likely acquire some!
The fellowship runs until the end of 2018, pays $800 per week and includes full benefits. It will be based at our headquarters in New York, and may involve some travel.
We're looking for someone who:
Has a gift for talking to victims, lawyers and cops, and the talent to tell all their stories well.
Is a fast, clear writer, and is truly excited about all the possible ways we can do journalism nowadays: from deep data-digging, to working with readers, to marrying narrative and investigative forms, to video, etc.
Really likes working with others. Everybody at ProPublica has their own superpower, whether it's sourcing, document-diving, data, engagement or design. But we do our best work together.
Has experience working with diverse cultures and communities in the U.S. Bonus points if fluent in another language, especially Spanish or Arabic.
We know there are great candidates who won't fit everything we've described above, or who have important skills we haven't thought of. If that's you, don't hesitate to apply and tell us about yourself.
We are dedicated to improving our newsroom, in part by better reflecting the people we cover. We are committed to diversity and building an inclusive environment for people of all backgrounds and ages. Everyone is encouraged to apply, including women, LGBTQ people, people of color and people with disabilities.
What you should send us:
The most important part by far is your past work. We'd also ask that you to submit a memo that describes what interests you most about covering hate crimes. And let us know how your experience (either in life or professionally) has prepared you for this.
If all of these sounds exciting to you, apply using this form.
The deadline for applications is Friday, Dec. 22.
Have questions? Email fellowships@propublica.org.
The group whose campaigning efforts have been largely credited with sweeping a wave of moderate Republicans into seats that had been held by conservatives in southern Johnson County has come out strongly against an official it endorsed in last year's county commission races.
Stand Up Blue Valley on Friday issued a statement on its Facebook page saying that 3rd District County Commissioner Steve Klika had fallen far short of adequately explaining his vote to oust County Manager Hannes Zacharias.
“In the case of Steve Klika, District 3 County Commissioner, we are retracting our endorsement and noting our opposition to his vote in the strongest possible terms,” read the statement.
The group endorsed Klika last summer in his reelection bid, where he faced former state legislator and JCCC board of trustees member Ben Hodge, an outspoken proponent of conservative policies. Klika won the race 57-43.
Nearly a full week after the vote to oust Zacharias, which shocked county employees and residents, Klika became the seventh and final member of the commission to offer comment on the rationale behind his vote. But his explanation, which says that he was concerned the county had been “reactive and not proactive; more organizationally focused than citizen focused” did not include specifics. Nor, apparently, did he offer concrete examples in a discussion with Stand Up Blue Valley leaders.
“We contacted Mr. Klika and spoke with him at length about our concerns with his vote,” Stand Up Blue Valley's statement said. “Mr. Klika's answers to us, and in his (delayed) public statement, are concerningly vague.”
The full statement posted on the Stand Up Blue Valley Facebook page is below:
A TWO-YEAR-OLD tot has tragically died after the car she was in was stolen and dumped into a freezing river.
Facebook BIRTHDAY: Kiara was set to celebrate her big day a week later
Little Kiara was freed from the submerged car after her mum Kim Rowlands claimed her car was swiped by thieves with her daughter in the back. The silver Mini was found in the River Teifi in Cardigan, Ceredigion, after a frantic two-hour police search. The little girl had been a week away from her third birthday on March 27.
Facebook NOTE: Kim's partner Jet Moore confirmed she had died on social media
“We are appealing for witnesses who may have seen the silver Mini enters the river” Dyfed-Powys Police Her family had desperately appealed for help on social media to find Kiara after the car was reported missing to police yesterday afternoon. Cops later found it submerged in the river and emergency crews worked to free the stricken tot from the wreckage before she was flown to hospital. Tonight, Kim's partner Jet Moore confirmed she had died, writing that she had “an amazing but short life”. He also thanked officers who “jumped in the river and the rest of the emergency services for all they did”. He added: “Thank you all for your help this evening.”
Facebook PLEA: Kim Rowlands had frantically appealed for help finding her daughter on social media
PA TRAGIC: Emergency services at the scene where Kiara was found
Earlier Kim had frantically appealed for help finding her daughter on social media. She wrote: “Can everyone look out for the car, it's been stolen with my 3-year-old daughter in it. Please share!” Her sister Nichola Rowlands added: “My sister's car was stolen from Carmarthenshire with my 3-year-old niece inside, please share and get my niece home safe!”
Top 20 baby names of 2018 Find out what the most popular baby names are of 2018. 1 / 20
VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria said on Wednesday it expects Iran to shed light on the case of one of its Vienna-based diplomats who was arrested in Germany over a suspected plot to carry out a bomb attack on an exiled Iranian opposition group.
The case cast a shadow over Iranian President Hassan Rouhani's visit to Austria on Wednesday at which both sides discussed issues including salvaging the Iran nuclear deal after the U.S. decision to withdraw and reinstate sanctions on Tehran.
"We expect full clarification in connection with this and I thank you, Mr President, for assuring us that you will support this clarification," Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz said in a statement to reporters after meeting Rouhani.
Rouhani did not mention the diplomat in his remarks and the two leaders took no questions.
Austria summoned Iran's ambassador over the case on Monday and said it was stripping the arrested Iranian of his diplomatic status.
Iran on Tuesday reiterated it had nothing to do with the alleged plot and could provide "necessary documentation to clarify the dimensions of this scenario."
Belgian authorities identified the diplomat as 46-year-old Assadollah A and said he is suspected of having been in contact with two people arrested in Belgium with 500 grams of the homemade explosive TATP and a detonation device in their car.
Their alleged target was a rally near Paris last weekend of the National Council of Resistance of Iran (NCRI) - an umbrella organisation of opposition groups in exile that seek an end to Shi'ite Muslim clerical rule in Iran.
Belgium also issued a European arrest warrant for a man of Iranian origin being held in France suspected of being involved in the alleged plot, a French judicial source said.
U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyer Rudy Giuliani as well as former European and Arab ministers attended the NCRI meeting.
The NCRI held a small protest against Rouhani's visit on the edge of the area of central Vienna that police sealed off.
Foreign ministers from the remaining signatories to the 2015 nuclear deal - Iran, France, Britain, Germany, Russia and China - meet in Vienna on Friday to discuss salvaging the accord.
European powers are putting together an economic package aimed at safeguarding the deal by shielding Iran from some of the impact of U.S. sanctions resuming. Rouhani has said Iran will stay in the accord if its interests are preserved.
Rouhani also met the head of the Vienna-based International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), which is policing the restrictions the deal places on Iran's atomic activities in exchange for sanctions relief. The IAEA said the meeting was "part of the regular high-level dialogue between the IAEA and Iran".
Rouhani's one-day visit to Austria followed a longer trip that was planned two years ago but which he cancelled at the last minute on unspecified security grounds.
(Reporting by Francois Murphy with additional reporting by Parisa Hafezi in Ankara and Alexandra Schwarz-Goerlich in ViennaEditing by Mark Heinrich, William Maclean)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Getty Images
The Colts converted Erik Swoope from a college basketball player to a tight end after signing him as an undrafted free agent in 2014 and saw the move pay some dividends last year when Swoope caught 15 passes for 297 yards in a backup role.
They'll have to wait a bit for him to give them anything else this summer. Coach Chuck Pagano announced on a Monday conference call that Swoope had arthroscopic surgery on his knee.
Pagano said, via Stephen Holder of the Indianapolis Star, that Swoope had swelling in the knee and an operation was deemed the best course of action. He called the timeline for a return “week-to-week,” so we may not see Swoope, who didn't play on Sunday against the Lions, in game action before the regular season.
The Colts hope to have center Ryan Kelly and quarterback Andrew Luck back in the lineup by then as well, which leaves plenty of things to watch on the injury front over the next few weeks.
EAST LANSING, Mich. (AP)  A second woman says that the Michigan State women's gymnastics coach was aware of complaints of assault by a sports doctor who treated female athletes.
Coach Kathie Klages was suspended Monday. New allegations against her were disclosed Tuesday by a woman who is seeking to join more than two dozen in a lawsuit against Dr. Larry Nassar.
In a court filing, the woman says she was part of a youth gymnastics program in 1997-98. She says Klages asked her if Nassar had penetrated her vagina with his fingers.
The woman said yes. She says Klages told her there's "no reason to bring up" Nassar's conduct.
Advertisement
Klages hasn't responded to emails seeking comment. Nassar was a Michigan State doctor who also worked for USA Gymnastics, which trains Olympians. He denies abuse.
The U.S. Federal Communications Commission plans to turn over oversight of internet service providers to another federal agency as it plans to vote on Thursday to revoke the landmark 2015 "net neutrality" rules.
WASHINGTON: The U.S. Federal Communications Commission plans to turn over oversight of internet service providers to another federal agency as it plans to vote on Thursday to revoke the landmark 2015 "net neutrality" rules.
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai last month unveiled plans to repeal the rules that prohibit internet service providers from impeding consumer access to web content. The 2015 rules bar broadband providers from blocking or slowing access to web content.
On Monday, the FCC and Federal Trade Commission said they plan to enter into a Memorandum of Understanding coordinating efforts under the new rules. The agencies said the proposal will "return jurisdiction to the FTC to police the conduct of ISPs."
Pai said Monday in a statement the agencies "will work together to take targeted action against bad actors."
Under Pai's proposal, the FCC would no longer bar any specific internet provider practice but require companies to disclose if they block, throttle or offer paid prioritization of internet traffic.
FCC Commissioner Mignon Clyburn, a Democrat, said the agreement "is a confusing, lackluster, reactionary afterthought: an attempt to paper over weaknesses in the chairman's draft proposal repealing the FCC's 2015 net neutrality rules."
Advertisement
Advertisement
The FTC will investigate if internet providers fail to make accurate disclosures or if they engage in deceptive or unfair acts or practices. "The FTC is committed to ensuring that Internet service providers live up to the promises they make to consumers,” said Acting FTC Chairman Maureen Ohlhausen.
FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, said "FTC enforcement would happen long after the fact - many months, if not years, after consumers and businesses have been harmed."
Chris Lewis, vice president of advocacy group Public Knowledge, said the FCC is "joining forces with the FTC to say it will only act when a broadband provider is deceiving the public. This gives free reign to broadband providers to block or throttle your broadband service as long as they inform you."
Democrats and net neutrality advocates plan a series of protests ahead of Thursday's vote. Pai's proposal has already won the backing of the three Republicans on the five-member commission. The reversal represents a victory for big internet providers such as AT&T Inc , Comcast Corp and Verizon Communications Inc that opposed the 2015 rules.
Pai's proposal is opposed by large internet companies including Alphabet Inc and Facebook Inc .
The new rules are expected to take effect in January and draw court challenges.
(Reporting by David ShepardsonEditing by Marguerita Choy)
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
A tale of two seasons. A tale of two places. Northwestern doesn't understand why September turned out to either.
For at least a little while, the Wildcats hope it continues that way. Because that means they should be ready for their most high-profile game of the season today.
After its road struggles continued in a loss to then-No. 10 Wisconsin last weekend, Northwestern will return home to the much friendlier confines of Ryan Field for its second consecutive game against a ranked opponent, this time unbeaten No. 4 Penn State at noon.
Tabbed as one of the top contenders to perhaps unseat the Badgers as the Big Ten West Division favorite, the Wildcats have instead gotten out of the gate slowly.
Behind a young offensive line and with star running back Justin Jackson slowed by a nagging leg injury, the Wildcats suffered lopsided road losses to Duke and the Badgers last month.
Jackson, who piled up 186 yards on 28 carries in a virtuoso performance against Penn State at Ryan Field in 2015, rushed for just 25 on nine carries against the Badgers last week as the offense continued a disturbing trend: In their road losses, the Wildcats have averaged a meek 217.5 yards per game.
“I'm just trying to get back to where I want to be, but I knew I would be a little bit limited for Wisconsin,” Jackson said. “I came out of it feeling good and should be much better this week.”
That said, they've been dominant at Ryan Field, their quaint 91-year-old stadium nestled just off the shores of Lake Michigan.
Their home wins, against Nevada and Bowling Green, have been as lopsided as their road losses.
In those games, Northwestern is averaging a whopping 593 yards of offense, and their star players are the ones leading the charge.
Jackson has averaged 115 rushing yards at home; 21.5 on the road. Quarterback Clayton Thorson is completing 75 percent of his passes for 361 yards per game at Ryan Field, while completing 54.1 percent for 169.5 yards on the road.
For its part, Penn State is expecting emotions to be high for Wildcats fans, considering it is their homecoming game.
Plus, it's not exactly as if the Wildcats haven't had success in recent years against the Nittany Lions. Penn State has lost its last two games against the Wildcats, and haven't beaten them since Scranton native Matt McGloin threw for 282 yards and led Penn State to 22 unanswered points in the fourth quarter of a 39-28 triumph.
Just like the Nittany Lions struck early last week with two special teams touchdowns to take a four-touchdown lead on the way to a 45-14 rout of Indiana, they know another strong start against Northwestern might be the difference.
Especially on defense, where Penn State's swarming front four is looking to take advantage of a Wildcats offensive line that has allowed 15 sacks this season and 54 since the start of the 2016 season.
“If they are getting the ball off and getting good chunks of yardage on passes, then they will get more confident and throw it a little bit more,” Penn State defensive end Ryan Buchholz said. “If we get some early sacks, some early stops, some early three and outs, they are going to have to change their scheme a little bit.”
A team that has given up too many big plays for its head coaches liking, facing a team built around generating the big play.
A team that has played well at home, against a team that hasn't quite been the same on the road.
Something, both sides know, will have to give.
Contact the writer:
dcollins@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100; @psubst on Twitter
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apparently wants to convince us that he is not interested in reaching a peace deal, but in maintaining power by catering to his radical right flank and the settler movement.
At a June 6 ceremony celebrating the 50th anniversary of the Six Day War, Netanyahu promised an audience of settlers that “no one will be uprooted from their home. … I'm doing whatever is needed to protect the Jewish settlement enterprise in Judea and Samaria. … We are building and planning in all parts of Judea and Samaria.”
During a White House press conference in February, while expressing his interest in helping make the “ultimate” Israeli-Palestinian peace deal, President Donald Trump appealed to Netanyahu: “I'd like to see you hold back on settlements for a little bit,” he said. Trump's ask clearly didn't persuade Netanyahu against giving in to the settlers' demands for expansion. Netanyahu's promise to the settlers not only contradicts his stated support for a two-state solution, but also jeopardizes the prospects of future Israeli-Palestinian peace.
New Peace Now data shows that Netanyahu makes good on his promises to the settlers. A 34 percent increase in West Bank settlement construction starts in 2016 underscores that Netanyahu's claims of restraint are a farce. Back in March, Netanyahu's government adopted a new settlement policy “limiting” construction to areas within or adjacent to “built-up areas” of existing settlements. The policy itself is highly problematic, given that it allows for unrestricted construction in so-called “settlement blocs” — creating facts on the ground in what will ultimately be the most contentious areas when the time comes to negotiate borders.
But Netanyahu doesn't seem keen on honoring “limitations” on settlement expansion. In his June 6 speech to the settlers, he said that his government is building “from inside out,” meaning from the built-up “footprint” in settlements toward the unbuilt vicinity. Now, Netanyahu's government reportedly intends to advance 2,500 housing units, of which 98 percent are east of the security barrier and 75 percent are located deep within the West Bank.
Netanyahu boasted during the June 6 ceremony that he has “the honor, after decades, to be the first prime minister to build a new settlement in Judea and Samaria.” He was referring to the establishment on March 30 of Amihai — the first new official settlement since 1992 — to compensate the Amona settlers who were forcibly evacuated from their illegal outpost back in February. Amona, built on privately-owned Palestinian land and illegal under Israeli law, was home to only 40 families.
Amihai has been approved for 102 housing units. Netanyahu made every effort to prevent the Amona settlers from facing punishment for breaking Israeli law, petitioning the High Court to delay Amona's evacuation time and again. Now with Amihai, Netanyahu is generously rewarding the settlers' aggression.
U.S. policy, under both Democratic and Republican administrations, has long maintained that settlements are an obstacle to peace. Israel's own security establishment has repeatedly debunked the myth that the settlements make Israel more secure. Settlement expansion fractures the contiguity of a future Palestinian state and puts Israel's commitment to peace in question. The settlements also siphon off a disproportionate amount of resources and tax-payer money to serve a small, radical Israeli special-interest group.
Settlement expansion must not be dismissed. While Trump's team prepares for peace talks, Netanyahu is helping Israeli settlers create facts on the ground that are rapidly narrowing the window for a two-state negotiated agreement. Whether or not you believe Trump is capable of achieving his coveted “ultimate deal,” it is his responsibility to call out Netanyahu's blatant attempts to undermine it.
If he hopes to give peace talks a fighting chance, Trump must pressure Netanyahu to enforce an immediate settlement freeze, both inside and outside existing settlements, both in distant settlements and in the so-called “settlement blocs.” Netanyahu is not entirely immune to U.S. pressure. Even President Barack Obama, with an opposing Congress that Netanyahu often played to his advantage, was able to pressure him into a 10-month settlement “moratorium” in 2009. If this White House and Congress can set aside partisan struggles and commit to unified meaningful action, might the United States finally be able to turn the tide of settlement expansion?
Stephanie Breitsman is a staff member of Americans for Peace Now.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
It's clear that Khloé Kardashian loves being a mom. The Keeping Up with the Kardashians star only welcomed her first baby, True Thompson, last month, and she is already smitten with her little girl. At first, Kardashian kept fans wanting more by withholding photos of True — but now, there are plenty of adorable pics of the baby girl on social media. In fact, all the photos of True Thompson so far make it apparent that she and her mama are as close as can be.
Kardashian gave birth to True Thompson on Thursday, April 12 in Cleveland, Ohio, where she moved to live with her boyfriend, Tristan Thompson. Unfortunately, the days surrounding True's birth weren't quite as magical or serene as her mom had probably hoped they would be. A few days before True's delivery, the Daily Mail published footage that purported to show Thompson allegedly with another woman the week before their daughter was born. A day later, TMZ published additional footage of a man who appeared to be Thompson with other women from October. Romper's requests for comment from both Thompson and Kardashian's reps were not immediately returned.
Despite all that drama, Kardashian's instant love for True was palpable. A few days after welcoming True, Kardashian announced her arrival in a sweet Instagram post. "Our little girl, True Thompson, has completely stolen our hearts and we are overwhelmed with LOVE," Kardashian wrote on Instagram. "Such a blessing to welcome this angel into the family! Mommy and Daddy loooooove you True!"
Since then, Kardashian has shared a slew of adorable photos of her daughter on social media, making their mother-daughter bond even clearer. The very first photo Kardashian shared of her daughter featured only about two inches of her. It was a selfie of Kardashian wearing a flower-and-freckle filter, with just part of True's arm and what appears to be her ear on display.
The first full photo of True's face came on her 1-month birthday, May 12 — and it was technically a video. "💕Happy One Month True 💕," Kardashian captioned a video of her lil babe wearing the same flower-and-freckle filter on Instagram.
Kardashian shared another video of True with the same lens to Snapchat shortly afterwards. Enjoy the cameo from True's adorable hiccups. (The clip starts about 20 seconds into the following video.)
Kardashian Clips on YouTube
And then, finally, the first filter-free photo dropped. THOSE CHEEKS.
On Mother's Day, True was the subject of a filter once again. Kardashian caught her little angel dozing off, and a teddy bear Snapchat filter was promptly applied.
Earlier this week, Kardashian posted the first photo of herself and her daughter together. "Mommy's Little Love," Kardashian wrote alongside the shot on Instagram. In the picture, she is making a duck face, wearing a shirt that seems to say "Always believe," and rocking that flower-and-freckle filter once again. True is calmly resting in the corner of the frame, unaware of the nearly 4 million people who will "like" the photo being taken of her.
Earlier this week, Kardashian shared a photo to her Snapchat story on Memorial Day. Even though the shot only shows the back of True's head, it's clear Kardashian helped her baby go all out for the holiday, putting her in an adorable headband with a flower on it. (Hey, it's like that filter come to life!)
Khloé Kardashian/Snapchat
Also on Wednesday, Kardashian shared a throwback photo of True to her Instagram Story. "She was only 2 weeks in this pic," Kardashian captioned the shot, followed by a crying emoji. "Why is the time flying!! She will be 7 weeks tomorrow," she added, followed by more crying emoji. In the photo, Kardashian's "baby bunny" has a bunny-and-glasses filter on while she soundly sleeps.
Considering True is just shy of 7 weeks old, this is a fair amount of photos for her mom to have shared with the world. But if Khloé Kardashian decides to post a filter-free photo in honor of True's 2-month birthday next week, fans certainly won't complain.
Posted by Zac Jackson on January 2, 2017, 1:04 AM EST
Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib apparently didn't like Raiders wide receiver Michael Crabtree wearing a chain around his neck while he plays. So, Talib approached Crabtree early in Sunday's game and snatched the chain from his neck.
That's, um, one way to handle it. And Crabtree was not pleased.
“Snatching chains on the field, like what you accomplish? You hard? You tough? That make you tough?” Crabtree said, per USA Today. “You snatching chains in front of the police and take off running. Childish man.”
Neither the police nor the officials helped Crabtree in that situation, and after the game Crabtree said the officials were “one-sided” in the game and talked to him “like I was a criminal or something.”
Crabtree said he made “a business decision” in not going after Talib because he felt he would be penalized. Talib, meanwhile, essentially said that he told Crabtree it was coming.
“I said if he wears it in front of me…[I was] going to snatch it off,” Talib said. “He wore it in front of me so I had to snatch it off. He started crying to the ref.”
CTV London
A Brampton man has pleaded guilty to five charges related to a crash that killed an Amherstburg mom and son last summer.
Manjit Parmar, 53, pleaded guilty to two counts of dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing death and three counts of dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing bodily harm in Chatham provincial court on Wednesday.
Parmar was charged after the OPP said his westbound tractor trailer collided with five vehicles that had stopped on Highway 401 near Dillon Road due to a separate motor vehicle collision on July 30, 2017.
One of the vehicles involved was a Chevrolet Sierra pick-up truck carrying four passengers.
Two passengers traveling in the pick-up, Lacie Brundritt, 42, and Kyle Brundritt, 14, of Amherstburg, were pronounced dead at the scene.
Lacie's husband Michael and younger son Evan were transported to hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
Another driver involved in the collision was also transported to hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
The courtroom was filled with family and friends of the Brunditt family. Another small group was in court to support Parmar.
Sentencing will take place on Sept. 18, 2018.
U.S. Rep. Steny Hoyer wasn't satisfied with President Donald Trump's statement Monday afternoon condemning the weekend violence in Charlottesville, Va.
In Hoyer's view, it took too long for Trump to call out by name the white supremacist groups involved. Trump had released a statement over the weekend decrying the hatred and violence "on many sides."
To the longtime Democratic congressman from the Fifth District, the first statement was insufficient and the second was too long in coming.
"What it reflects is that it's not a gut instinct of the President of the United States to reject this out of hand," Hoyer said Monday in Bowie. "I'm glad he said this. I don't want to discount it. (But) it took him 72 hours to get there."
Trump had drawn criticism from lawmakers of both parties for failing to cite specific hate groups in his initial statement about the deadly incident in Charlottesville. A woman was killed when white supremacist groups clashed with counter-demonstrators in the town that is home to the University of Virginia. The white supremacist groups had assembled to protest the removal of a statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee.
Hoyer called Trump's initial statement "lame" and "tepid" and accused the president of emboldening such groups.
"Not only do they need to be condemned, but they need to be opposed – opposed in the sense of urging citizens to reject the hate that these groups spew in every which way they can," Hoyer said. "I believe this president essentially appealed — during the course of his campaign — to this group (and) all of these nationalist groups that spew hate and division."
Hoyer's staff had convened the meeting with reporters to discuss issues of local interest. But Hoyer said it would have been "inappropriate" not to address the protests and violence in Charlottesville.
After turning his attention to local issues, Hoyer spoke out about the need for elected leaders to agree on matters related to the budget so as to avoid a possible shutdown of the federal government this fall.
Approving government spending is almost always a struggle, no matter which party is in power. Congress hasn't met the deadline to approve all of its annual spending bills in more than 20 years.
In May, Congress averted a shutdown by passing a short-term spending bill to keep the government funded through September. At the time, Trump said that a shutdown might help convince some members of Congress to respect his spending priorities.
Hoyer, who has more than 60,000 federal government workers in his district, disagrees.
"We need to fund the government and let's hope we don't have another effort by the Republicans to shut down the government," he said.
Hoyer also holds out hope that the prospect of relocating the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) headquarters to Prince George's County is still viable. Sites in Greenbelt and Landover were being considered for the new FBI headquarters, as was a site in Springfield, Va. It is estimated that the relocation of the FBI to either Greenbelt (near the Greenbelt Metro stop) or Landover (the old Landover Mall site) would bring 11,000 jobs to Prince George's County.
TORONTO: The driver accused of plowing a rental van into pedestrians in Toronto was charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder at his first court appearance on Tuesday, but his motive remained a mystery.
The deadliest mass killing in Canada in decades has the hallmarks of other deadly vehicle assaults by Islamic State supporters, but Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said on Tuesday there was no reason to suspect any national security connection.
Suspect Alek Minassian, 25, entered a Toronto courtroom on Tuesday morning. His head was shaved and he looked down as prosecutors charged him in the death of 10 pedestrians and injury of 15 others in the lunchtime attack.
Trudeau called on all Canadians to stand united with Toronto as flowers and scrawled messages in multiple languages piled up at a makeshift memorial in Toronto's north end, an ethnically diverse neighbourhood of towering office buildings, shops, restaurants and homes.
"We cannot as Canadians choose to live in fear every single day as we go about our daily business," Trudeau told reporters outside of parliament in Ottawa. "We need to focus on doing what we can and we must keep Canadians safe while we stay true to the freedoms and values that we all as Canadians hold dear."
The prime minister said that, while it would take time before the motives of the attacker were understood, the incident had not changed the country's threat level or security preparations for a G7 summit in Quebec in June.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Canadian flag was lowered to half-staff at parliament and at Toronto city hall.
Minassian, who was not previously known to authorities, attended a high school programme where one classmate remembered him as "absolutely harmless."
The suspect's two-story red-brick home in a suburb north of Toronto was a crime scene Tuesday, taped off and surrounded by police vehicles. Officers went in and out of the house.
The officer who apprehended Minassian was praised for making a peaceful arrest even as the suspect shouted "Kill me" and claimed to have a gun.
Canadians mourned as the victims began to be identified on Tuesday.
The Canadian Broadcasting Corp identified one of the victims as Anne Marie D'Amico, an employee of asset manager Invesco Canada. In a statement, Invesco confirmed that one of its employees had been killed, but did not name her.
The attack shook the usually peaceful streets of Toronto, a multicultural city with a population of 2.8 million. The city recorded 61 murders last year.
Downtown Toronto's iconic CN Tower, which is normally lit up in the evening, went dark on Monday evening.
The drama started at lunchtime on a warm spring day, when the driver drove his vehicle into the crowds. The street was soon covered in blood, empty shoes and bodies.
Canada is still recovering from the shock of a highway crash in Saskatchewan earlier this month that killed 16 people on a bus carrying a junior hockey team.
Last October, eight people died in New York when a man driving a rented pickup truck mowed down pedestrians and cyclists on a bike path.
(Reporting by Anna Mehler Paperny and Allision Martell; Additional reporting and writing by Andrea Hopkins in Ottawa; Editing by Scott Malone and Jonathan Oatis)
ITV beauty Nicola Tyas has left fans picking their jaws up off the floor after donning her best latex dress.
INSTAGRAM TEASE: Nicola slipped into PVC for a racy exposé
The buxom beauty, who starred alongside her boyfriend Brandon Myers on ITV 2 show Bromans, took to her Instagram story to show off the seriously racy number. Keen to flaunt her killer frame, Nicola proudly moves the camera up and down her body to make sure fans could see her outfit from every angle. Featuring a plunging neckline, the sex-plicit outfit allowed the reality TV starlet to tease her killer chest.
ITV TV DUO: Nicola and Brandon were on ITV2 show Bromans
Celebs the sexiest swimwear pics See all the hottest beach babes in pictures. 1 / 91 Pixie Lott/Instagram Pixie Lott exposes sideboob in a plunging lace-up swimsuit
INSTAGRAM PERKY: Nicola shows off her perky rump
Squeezing her assets together as much as possible helped her to create a seriously tantalising cleavage. In fact, Nicola's assets were so tightly pushed into her outfit it looked like she could spill out of the number at any moment. Feeling cheeky, the brunette gal turned her back on the camera to expose her perky rump. Pushing out her booty, Nicola channelled her inner Kim Kardashian as she filmed her impressive behind.
INSTAGRAM SEX SELLS: Nicola flaunts her impressive cleavage
Sexiest thong snaps REVEALED Celebs The Sexiest thong snaps REVEALLED on social media. 1 / 67
INSTAGRAM READY FOR BED: Nicola Tyas has built up an impressive army of fans online
Over the past few months Nicola has covered her Instagram profile with countless belfie shots. Giving her 27,000 followers what they want, the stunner posed up a storm on a recent trip to Marbella, Spain. Dressed in a tiny cheese-wire thong and white tee, Nicola stood gazing out at the sunset. The small bikini bottoms were so minuscule that her perky booty swallowed up the material.
INSTAGRAM TEASE: Nicola knows how to tease her fans
Celebs behaving badly From bust ups to flashing flesh see all the celebs cheeky antic here. 1 / 35 ISO IMAGES/Wenn Celeb antics
INSTAGRAM READY IN RED: Nicola Tyas shows off her killer buns
BREAKING NEWS
Police are investigating a stabbing that has occurred in St Marys a short time ago.
Paramedics responded to a call for help at a unit block in Saddington Street, St Marys about an hour ago after reports of the stabbing.
The Weekender understands the victim is a male in his 50s. He has suffered a single stab wound to the back, it is believed.
Paramedics treated the man at the scene before he was transported to Westmead Hospital, which is best equipped to handle such a trauma situation.
A crime scene has been established.
MORE TO COME
Dr. James Robert Coad, 92, of Glen Carbon, and formerly of Wood Dale, Ill., died at 11:30 a.m. Sunday, Feb. 12, 2017, at Meridian Village in Glen Carbon.
Cremation rites will be accorded.
Irwin Chapel is handling arrangements.
COPENHAGEN: The U.S. Coast Guard said on Thursday a terminal at the Port of Charleston in South Carolina will reopen and a safety zone has been lifted after investigating a "potential threat" of a dirty bomb on a container ship.
"Unified Command determines no existing threat to the port. Terminal will reopen and safety zone has been lifted," the U.S. Coast Guard Southeast said on Twitter.
There were four containers where a threat was posed at the terminal, it said. "These have been scanned and cleared by authorities."
Maersk Line, the world's biggest container shipping company and part of A.P. Moller-Maersk , said in a statement on Thursday the U.S. Coast Guard had informed it of a threat of a "dirty bomb" aboard one of its vessels. It said all crew members were safe and ashore.
(Reporting by Jacob Gronholt-Pedersen and Stine Jacobsen; editing by Jason Neely)
Advertisement
Even as Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Wednesday hailed the Supreme Court verdict calling it a big victory for democracy, the BJP termed it a severe blow to “anarchist” Kejriwal, and said now the AAP will have to perform.
“We have seen Kejriwal raising politics of dharna and anarchy. He has never tried to work harmoniously. The Supreme Court has dealt a severe blow to Kejriwal. He should now leave the politics of anarchy and move towards governance,” Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) spokesperson Sambit Patra said.
A Supreme Court Constitution Bench on Wednesday ruled in favour of the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) government, saying the real powers of governance of Delhi rests with the elected representatives and the Lt. Governor is bound to act on the aid and advice by the Council of Ministers.
It further ruled that in case of difference of opinion with the Council of Ministers, the LG has to refer the matter to the President, whose decision will be a binding. However, the court added that the provision under Article 239 does not mean the LG can refer every matter to the President.
“The Supreme Court has very clearly said the departments of land, police and law and order are with the LG. There is no debate on this and Parliament can make laws for Delhi,” Patra said, adding that there is a need for all to work without anarchy.
Union Minister Vijay Goel said Delhi has been facing major problems like water scarcity and pollution but the Delhi government has been playing blame game. The LG did not stop Kejriwal's government from supplying water and working on measures to check pollution, he said.
“You were not working on the problems of Delhi and were busy playing the blame game. Now you have lost that. I believe now the AAP government should work and show results as Delhi has suffered much in courts, in dharna, in protests and blame game,” Goel said.
Delhi BJP president Manoj Tiwari said: “BJP is very happy with the Supreme Court judgement. Kejriwal is anti-Constitution and does not want to follow the rules of Constitution. So, this is a slap on Kejriwal. The Supreme Court has clearly said anarchy will not continue in Delhi.”
LIVERPOOL could be beaten in the Champions League if Roma successfully exploit the wide areas of the pitch.
That's according to Italian journalist Tancredi Palmeri. Jurgen Klopp's side welcome Roma to Anfield after the pair knocked out Manchester City and Barcelona respectively. A win over two legs would see the Reds become the first English side since Chelsea in 2012 to reach the Champions League final. But Palmeri does not think it will be an easy night's work.
GETTY RIVALS: Liverpool meet Roma in the Champions League tonight
“The key is to stretch the defence and the fullbacks” Tancredi Palmeri Speaking on BBC Radio 5 Live's Football Daily, he addressed where the Italians could cause problems for their hosts tonight. “In stretching the defence of Liverpool,” he said. “Patrik Schick, against Barcelona, capitalised on recovering balls and playing with Dzeko. “Dzeko's performances lately have been really great. “This guy never played in a Champions League semi-final before reaching Roma because he left Manchester City just a bit too early.
“But, with Schick, they were really stressing the defence minute by minute. “This also happened against Chelsea and Atletico Madrid. “The key is to stretch the defence and the fullbacks – they [Liverpool] might not expect that constant pressure on the wide angles.”
Liverpool stars arrive at Anfield ahead of Champions League semi-final against Roma LIVERPOOL stars looked focused arriving at Anfield today ahead of their eagerly anticipated Champions League semi-final showdown with Roma tonight. 1 / 12 iCelebTV Mohamed Salah
Motorola is set to introduce more Android phones the rest of the year. We've been saying the Moto C may replace the Moto G series in the low-cost category but it could also take over Moto E. To be exact, we said there will be four new smartphones as leaked last week. This time around, we've got clearer images of the upcoming Moto phones namely the Moto C, Moto C Plus, Moto E4 Plus, and the Moto ZForce.
The Moto C and Moto E lines are entry-level phones while the Moto Z is the flagship series which became a hit with the modular design. OnLeaks (Steve Hemmerstoffer) and Android Authority worked on the renders you'll see below of the new Moto phones. We don't doubt the design and looks of the future devices because OnLeaks is very much reliable as a source.
We've provided below the renders plus a rundown of the specs of each Moto phone.
MOTO C/MOTO C PLUS
The Motorola Moto C and C Plus will each feature a 5-inch screen but with different resolutions–854 x 480 pixel resolution for the Moto C and 1280 x 720 for the C Plus. The phones also feature a 1.3GHz 32-bit quad-cor/1.1GHz 64-bit quad-core MediaTek processor, microSD card slot for storage expansion, 8GB or 16GB onboard storage, and 1GB or 2GB RAM. When it comes to imaging, the Moto C comes equipped with a 5MP rear camera and a 2MP front-facing shooter with flash. The Moto C Plus also features a 2MP selfie cam but with a higher 8MP main camera. Battery size of the two differs. The Moto C Plus is loaded with a 4000mAh battery while the Moto C has a smaller one at 2350mAh.
Other features of the duo include a headphone jack, micro-USP port on top, rear speakers, and removable back panels. Both phones are Moto Mod-ready.
MOTO E4/E4 PLUS
The Moto E4 may also have its bigger sibling, the Moto E4 Plus. Very noticeable is the LED flash for the camera and fingerprint scanner at the front. Display is 5.2-inches with some sort of 2.5D glass screen. Other features we can see are the volume rocker, power button, and 3.5mm headphone jack on the right edge.
At the bottom is a micro-USB port while a fingernail groove can be found at the bottom edge. The latter means you can also change the back cover. The Moto E4 Plus is expected to be powered by a 5000mAh battery and MediaTek processor while the E4 may have a smaller battery. We're still not sure if the Moto E4 and Moto E4 Plus are two different devices but there is also a possibility that they are one and the same.
MOTO Z2 FORCE
Last but definitely not the least, the Moto Z2 Force now has a 3.5mm headphone jack. This is interesting because last year's Moto Z model didn't have one. This looks more like the Moto G5/G5 Plus and it may no longer be just exclusive to Verizon because of the presence of that thin band that we're assuming is for better antenna or radio signal access. The processor could be the newest Snapdragon 835 from Qualcomm.
VIA: Android Authority (1),(2),(3)
SOURCE: OnLeaks
In a world short on joy, humor can be a unifier and a survival tool. In that spirit, we bring you our Comedy Issue , a month-long celebration of funny (and fearless) women and the enduring power of a good laugh.
Before she was one of comedy's most cult-loved voices, Sharon Horgan was adrift. After moving to London from a turkey farm in rural Ireland , she waited tables, toiled away at an office job, and even sold bongs to stoners. “A lot of trying and failing,” she recalls of her twenties. “I basically did everything I could possibly do to avoid starting my actual, genuine career.”
Then, at 35, she and longtime friend and ­fellow lackey Dennis Kelly wrote a sitcom all about their professional shortcomings. The raunchy Pulling , which aired on the BBC from 2006 to 2009, was a success—and a wake-up call. “With Pulling I found out that writing about something tragic and sad can be fully hilarious if you look at it from a slightly different angle,” she says. “I haven't wanted to write in a different way since.”
Sure, she's the mother dragon behind foul-mouthed tragicomedies like Divorce and Motherland . But it's Catastrophe , the Amazon show she co-created and stars in, that elevated her to the comedic pantheon. She's earned a Best Writing Emmy nomination for the show and a BAFTA nod for her turn as Sharon Morris, an Irish woman in London who gets pregnant after a weeklong hookup with American Rob Norris (Rob Delaney) and dives headfirst into an unlikely relationship. (The story is based on Horgan's own life. Six months after meeting British entrepreneur Jeremy Rainbird, she found out she was expecting. The couple is now married, with two daughters.)
The plot may sound like the setup for a schmaltzy rom com, but Catastrophe approaches everything from alcoholism and infidelity to motherhood with uproarious frankness. In season two, for example, Sharon is desperate to return to work after her second child is born. “To be honest, I didn't realize how much I love teaching until I had to be around my own kids 24 hours a day,” she tells a stunned job interviewer before admitting that “it's just hard…to know how to do things” and bursting into tears. “Sharon's not afraid to admit when she's lonely or depressed or any of those things you feel when you're a mother,” Horgan, now 48, says. “She can be sweet and loving and scared and needy. And, equally, she can have balls of steel. I don't know if that's more common for Irish women, but I've got two personalities inside of me at all times.”
Pinterest PHOTO: Ed Miller
Directness, friends confirm, is a Horgan trademark. “She's quite straightforward,” Kelly says. “I don't think she analyzes herself or what she's doing, and I don't think she wants to. Partly because Sharon doesn't want to be a wanker.” Says Delaney: “When we're writing, we're like two technicians in lab coats with the exact same goal of producing the best possible scripts. She's taught me a lot about stories that make ironclad sense.”
"I don't think she analyzes herself or what she's doing, and I don't think she wants to. Partly because Sharon doesn't want to be a wanker."
Despite the series' brisk pace—each season is composed of six 24-minute episodes—the emotional center always holds. At the end of last season, Sharon is grappling with her dad's recent death. “She's not grieving properly. She's not feeling the things she thinks she ‘should' be feeling,” Horgan says. “One of the mums from my daughter's school came up to me on the playground and said, ‘I have those same feelings. They made me feel awful, and [after watching], I feel a little less awful.' That's been our yardstick: to say things that maybe seem a bit gross or terrible and then be pleasantly surprised that other people feel them too.”
Horgan's gift is finding the humanity in the humor. “When I look at Sharon's work, I don't think of it as deliberately dark,” Kelly says. “I think she's just being honest about the world as she sees it.” And, for her, the funniest moments don't require a clever pun or a zany coincidence. “It has to make us laugh. If we're not laughing several times per page, we're not doing it. But it doesn't have to be a ridiculous sort of gag, either. It can be something so true it's funny,” she says. “We like there to be two good story lines running solidly through the beginning, middle, and end. We don't like to just have a series of events. We like shit to happen.”
Josh Pratt is no stranger to coaching basketball in Anne Arundel County. Now, after two years coaching outside of the county, he's returning.
Pratt, a Crofton resident, was recently hired as the new boys basketball coach at Indian Creek. He replaces Will Bartz, who resigned to take the same job at Gilman. Bartz, who was the first boys coach at Indian Creek, led the Eagles to three straight Maryland Interscholastic Athletic Association C Conference titles before the team moved up to the B Conference for the 2015-2016 season. The Eagles went 9-9 in the B Conference their first year, but dropped to 4-9 in the conference and 6-16 overall last year.
"Pratt is a great fit for Indian Creek," Athletic Director Jamie Cook said. "We are looking forward to witnessing his influence on our program."
Pratt's last job in the county was when he coached Chesapeake during the 2014-2015 season before leaving to take the head job at Huntingtown. After two years at Huntingtown, the daily commute which took him from his home in Crofton, to his job as a fifth-grade science teacher at James McHenry Elementary School in Lanham to practice or a game in Huntingtown — and in some cases a bus ride of up to an hour for an away game — was just too much.
"The commute was a big issue," Pratt said. "When the Indian Creek job came open, I had to really think about. It's 15 minutes from my house."
After inheriting a team that went 8-14 prior to his arrival, Pratt led Huntingtown to a 21-6 record his first season. The 21 wins are the most in school history and the Hurricanes won their first region title. The team went 17-7 his second year, including winning the Southern Maryland Athletic Conference for the first time.
"This was probably the toughest decision I've had to make in my 20-plus years coaching," Pratt said. "It's easier to leave when you don't get along with anyone, but the staff there was great. We really built a bond and we coached some outstanding kids."
Pratt began his coaching career in 1993 as a junior varsity head coach and assistant varsity coach under Mike Glick at Pallotti High School. He followed Glick to Archbishop Spalding, where he coached and helped develop current NBA star Rudy Gay.
Current Severna Park Athletic Director Dave Lanham gave Pratt his first varsity head coaching job at St. Mary's, where Pratt stayed for a year before moving on to Towson Catholic. He coached the Owls for four years and won two Maryland Interscholastic Athletic Association A Conference titles and a Baltimore Catholic League title. He coached a host of Division I prospects at Towson Catholic, including Donte' Greene, who played at Syracuse before getting drafted by the Memphis Grizzlies in 2008.
Following the closing of Towson Catholic, Pratt returned to Pallotti and was the head girls coach for four years before taking the Chesapeake Science Point job in 2013. He moved on to Chesapeake for a year before taking over at Huntingtown.
Pratt had hoped to secure a teaching job in Calvert County to cut down on the daily commute, but had to look closer to home when he wasn't offered a position.
"When I took the job at Huntingtown, I really thought I was going to move my family there," he said. "For whatever reason, it didn't work out. I have a bond with those guys and they're great people. I thank them for giving me the opportunity and having confidence in me."
In-form Bulls loosehead prop Pierre Schoeman has incurred a steep penalty for sticking his teeth where they were not supposed to be.
The 23-year-old front row forward has been banned for six weeks for biting a Melbourne Rebels player on Saturday during the Bulls' 28-10 win at Loftus Versfeld on Saturday.
The month-and-a-half exclusion means Schoeman‚ who has come on in leaps and bounds this season under John Mitchell's tutelage‚ will miss the Bulls' games against the Highlanders‚ the Stormers‚ the Sharks‚ the Jaguares and the Brumbies.
Should he make the Springbok cut‚ Schoeman has the potential of missing a Test debut against Wales on June 2 Schoeman was not charged by the on-field match official Ben O'Keefe for taking a chunk of Rebels loose-forward Richard Hardwick's flesh but was issued an off-field red card by the competition's citing commissioner.
Schoeman pleaded guilty to the offence during his video-conference hearing and that earned him a deduction from 12 to six weeks.
Judicial committee chairman Adam Casselden SC ruled that mitigating factors saved Schoeman from a harsher ban.
“With respect to sanction the Judicial Committee deemed the act of foul play merited a low-end entry point of 12 weeks.
"However‚ taking into account mitigating factors including the player's early guilty plea‚ his good character‚ his good disciplinary record and his remorse the Judicial Committee reduced the suspension to a period of six weeks‚” Casselden ruled.
Visiting the hairdressers is stressful enough so you can spare a thought for this teen who was forced to confront a combination of her biggest fears. The 16 year old has been suffering with severe depression for a few years, not being able to face brushing her hair and only getting up to go to the toilet. When she visited a salon her hair was a matted mass and she thought the only option was to shave it all off rather than face the pain of untangling it but her hairdresser had a better idea.
When you're feeling low, how you look is the last thing on your mind and anyone who's ever experienced depression can sympathise with this Iowa teenager. The 16 year old had been suffering with severe depression when she visited her local hair salon in Waterloo, Iowa, ahead of her dreaded school portrait. Having not being able to face brushing her hair for a prolonged period of time, it'd grown into a matted mass and she asked for it be shaved off as the ordeal of untangling it was understandably too much to bear.
But the salon had other ideas with the girl's assigned stylist Kayley Olson refusing to shear off the lengths. The 20-year-old student hairdresser recalled the tale, which she branded "one of the hardest experiences", in a moving Facebook post last week which has since been shared over 75K times, at the time of writing.
Instead of chopping off the teenager's locks, Kayley took it upon herself to transform her look and give her back some of her self-worth and self-confidence which she'd lost to depression. She wrote: "When she walked in she told us just cut it all off I can't deal with the pain of combing it out, she called herself worthless for it. It honestly broke my heart and we tried everything we could to keep this child's hair for her!"
The girl - who Kayley wants to keep anonymous - confessed to the stylist that she felt so worthless, she couldn't be bothered to brush her hair which struck a chord with her. Rather than simply cut off the matted mass, Kayley selflessly spent 13 hours, over two days, untangling it before restyling her new shoulder-length haircut.
Loading...
She added: "At the end of the day I want this to be a lesson to people. MENTAL HEALTH is a thing, it effects people all around the world and of all ages! PARENTS take it serious don't just push your kids off and tell them to get over something they legitimately can't.
"A CHILD should NEVER feel so worthless to not even want to brush their hair. After being here 8 hours yesterday and 5 hours today we finally made this beautiful girl smile and feel like she IS worth something!"
Kayley was delighted to share that her client was pleased with the finished result, so much so, she told her: "I will actually smile for my school's pictures today, you made me feel like me again."
Kayley's experience resonated with Facebook users with many sharing their own similar experiences in the comments while many others heaped praise on her for the selfless act. One wrote: "When my Mom was ill, I went through something similar. It felt selfish to take care of myself when she was dying. Thank you for being there for this young lady, when she needed help. I hope that you both have all the love, happiness and success that your hearts & hands can hold!"
Another added: "You may have just saved a life...being a teenager is tough enough but you are very special to have recognized there were other issues going on and cared enough to help change it."
Liked this? You might also like:
This Before & After Photo Of A Woman Suffering From Depression Has Gone Viral For All The Right Reasons
Stress Less: 18 Habits To Harness for a Happier Life
Your Choice Of Instagram Filter Can Reveal If You're Depressed
Pence visits Tokyo to reaffirm security ties as N. Korea tensions rise
by Staff Writers
Seoul (AFP) April 17, 2017
US Vice President Mike Pence arrives in Tokyo on Tuesday bringing a renewed commitment to Japan's security amid a growing threat from a nuclear armed North Korea.
Throughout his bareknuckle election campaign, US President Donald Trump repeatedly called into question a mutual defense treaty between Japan and the United States, suggesting Tokyo should pay for its own security.
But now, Pence will try to reassure his jittery hosts that those decades-old security commitments are ironclad, a necessity made more acute as tensions rise over Pyongyang's latest missile test and Washington's refusal to rule out military action against the regime.
Defying international pressure, the North on Sunday test-fired another missile and fears are growing it may also be preparing a sixth nuclear test.
North Korea could react to a potential US strike by targeting South Korea or Japan, and officials in Tokyo and Seoul have been ill at ease with the more bellicose language deployed by Trump's administration.
During a visit to the Demilitarized Zone between North and South Korea on Monday, Pence pointed to the new president's recent strikes on a Syrian airbase and an Islamic State complex in Afghanistan as a warning to Pyongyang not to underestimate the administration's resolve.
"All options are on the table" in pushing for an end to Pyongyang's nuclear programme, Pence said, adding that the era of US "strategic patience" in dealing with the regime was over.
Washington is worried that North Korea may soon build a nuclear-tipped missile that could reach the United States.
Like South Korea, Japan already faces a direct threat from the secretive regime.
In February, the North simultaneously fired four ballistic missiles off its east coast, three of which fell provocatively close to Japan, in what it said was a drill for an attack on US bases in the country.
Pence's Japanese hosts will likely be cautious about any US military action that could trigger a broader regional conflict.
Their hope is that the White House will focus on pressuring China, Pyongyang's only major ally and biggest trade partner, to redouble its efforts to rein in the regime and prompt North Korea to return to the negotiating table after it abandoned the six-party talks in 2009.
"With close coordination, I expect we will strongly demand North Korea to refrain from taking provocative actions and to adhere to UN Security Council resolutions," said Japanese government spokesman Yoshihide Suga.
Pence's trip will also feature a heavy economic focus.
Trump's decision to scrap a 12-nation trans-Pacific trade deal was a blow to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who expended substantial political capital to get the deal passed at home.
In Tokyo, there is still hope that the core of the agreement, thrashed out between the United States and Japan and intended to counterbalance China's regional economic power, can be salvaged in some form.
But US officials say expectations of an ambitious bilateral trade deal may be premature.
Brussels (AFP) April 12, 2017
EU foreign affairs chief Federica Mogherini will make her first official visit to Russia this month, with relations strained to breaking point by the Ukraine conflict and the war in Syria. She will also visit China and India next week, her office said in a statement on Wednesday. Most attention is likely to focus on her trip to Moscow on April 24, with ties in deep freeze over its suppor ... read more
Related Links
Getty Images
The Jaguars announced they signed first-year tight end Scott Orndoff. To make room on the roster, Jacksonville waived tight end Zach Conque with an injury designation.
If Conque clears waivers Thursday, he will revert to the Jaguars' injured reserve list.
Orndoff has yet to appear in an NFL game after originally signing as a rookie free agent with the Steelers in 2017. He spent parts of the 2017 preseason with Pittsburgh and Detroit.
He was on the Bengals' practice squad during the 2017 regular season.
Orndoff started 23 of 45 career games for the University of Pittsburgh and totaled 58 receptions for 897 yards with 13 touchdowns from 2013-16.
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
On Friday the U.S. is set to impose a 25% tariff on $34 billion worth of Chinese imports. And China is expected to strike back with tariffs on a similar amount of U.S. exports. The big question is how far the two countries will go in their dispute over trade.
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Playback journalism takes time and funding...
Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you.
Please, whitelist playback.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
MUMSNET broke out in a debate when a bride threatened to banish one of her wedding guests.
GETTY DYER STRAITS: A bride-to-be is fuming at one of her wedding guests
Most couples consider every little detail when planning out their weddings. So when something gets in the way of the ceremony of their dreams, it can cause a lot of tension. One bride was fuming when her bridesmaid changed her appearance before the big day. After she vented her frustrations on Mumsnet, she asked whether she was being unreasonable. So who is in the right?
When weddings get NAKED: Brides strip for flashing craze Could THIS happen at the Royal Wedding? 1 / 17 REDDIT/TNI PRESS LTD Sexy bridesmaids flash their underwear for a saucy pic
The concerned woman shared her predicament with the popular parenting forum. She wrote: “My bridesmaid has dyed her hair a horrible pink colour and I am getting married next Saturday. “Am I being unreasonable to ask her to dye it back or uninvite her from the wedding? “For context she is incredibly self-centred and always wants the attention to be focused on herself. “I think she has done it just to stick out in the photos.”
The Mumsnet post sparked a very mixed response. Some commenters said it was rude for a bride to ask guests to change their appearance. One asked: “Why does her hair colour affect anything? “Unless you are a bridezilla who cares more about the aesthetics of the wedding (and pictures) than the reason for getting married.” Another agreed: “You are being unreasonable. She can do what she likes with her hair.”
Awkward wedding photos Whether it's a botched Photoshop filter, an awkward face, or a baffling pose, we've found the most hilarious, far-from-flattering, wedding pictures all over the internet. 1 / 16
The top Chinese OEM will not announce a new flagship phone at the Mobile World Congress but we know Huawei is working on a new one. The P20 will be the next-gen premium offering that will arrive with the P20 Plus and the P20 Lite. Several Honor phones are available in the market today and most of them in the process of getting the Oreo update. Some models are released exclusively in key markets with interesting features like the Honor 9 Lite in India with quad lens cameras and the updated Honor View 10 with Smart Rotate and Intelligent Screen On.
As Huawei struggles on its US market launch, the company continues to flourish in the United Kingdom. Vodafone has even launched a new device, the PSmart, which is actually the same as the Honor Enjoy 7S released in China. At this point, we're not sure if this can still be considered in the United States but at least those in Europe can expect the phone that boasts a powerful dual camera enhanced by AI.
The Huawei P smart comes equipped with 13MP and 2MP dual rear cameras accompanied by large aperture lenses. As for the selfie shooter, it includes a handy gesture-shot feature, Face Beauty algorithm, and bokeh effect. The 5.65-inch Full HD screen offers an immersive viewing experience best for watching movies or gaming. Huawei uses the EMUI 8.0 and adds some AI features for an improved mobile experience.
Vodafone offers the Huawei P smart with an exclusive plan that offers 250 minutes, 250MB of 4G data, unlimited texts, and roaming for only £17 per month. Just pay £9 upfront to avail of the smartphone. Available HERE.
VIA: Vodafone
[timelin e]
It lies hidden deep beneath Paris's bustling Gare de l'Est railway station, its sprawling subterranean rooms and sparse furniture pristinely preserved if a little dusty.
Originally built a few years before World War II for luggage storage, the underground bunker was repurposed after war broke out.
French railway historian Clive Lamming said its 1939 overhaul was to provide “a place to retreat in case of an air attack” so staff could keep the trains running east towards Germany.
Leading this AFP reporter through a concrete air lock and heavy door to the shelter, he said: “The concern was gas.”
“We remembered World War I — a perfectly airtight place was needed,” he added.
With its three-metre (10-foot) thick concrete ceiling, it was designed for about 70 people to be able to take refuge in the small rooms of the 120-square-metre (1,300-square-foot) shelter.
But, in the end, the bunker never really saw any action — Paris was largely spared from air attacks during WWII, and there was little danger of poison gas.
After France's defeat in 1940 and Nazi occupation, the bunker was requisitioned by the Germans and traces of their presence remain, including a sign that reads “Notausgang” (emergency exit).
“In my opinion, it hasn't been finished,” said Lamming, as a high-speed TGV train loudly rumbled overhead.
‘Sleeping Beauty'
Today, few of the thousands of travellers passing through the busy central Paris station will likely have any inkling of the time capsule under their feet.
Just a discreet trapdoor on the platform opens up to reveal a staircase leading down to the bunker, which is not publicly accessible except on certain occasions.
“For 80 years, it has been ‘Sleeping Beauty',” Lamming said. “Everything is in mint condition from 1939.”
Entering the machine room is like stepping back into the 1930s, with the old contraptions, dials, copper piping and Bakelite handles only in need of a good polish.
The room also has two bicycles. If the power went out, ventilation would have been provided by batteries — if they failed, anyone sheltering in the bunker was to hop on the bikes and pedal to circulate fresh air.
Other rooms also feel frozen in time, like the telephone exchange with its tangle of wires, but most are more spartan, furnished with a few period tables and chairs where staff could have directed the train traffic above.
The shelter was designed to host 72 workstations, and some yellowing documents remain. There is even a bed.
Post-war, with its purpose now passed, it gradually took on an almost mythic status among employees of SNCF, France's national train operator.
“The aim is to preserve it,” especially as the shelters built in other stations at the time have all disappeared, said the SNCF branch in charge of stations.
Chances to visit are rare as the bunker was not built for large crowds but it does open up for annual Heritage Days events.
A gubernatorial aspirant on the platform of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ogun state, Jimi Lawal, has declared that the threat by the National Assembly to override President Buhari's rejection to sign into law, Peace Corps Bill and Electoral Act Amendment, would not see light of the day.
According to Lawal, both chambers, which are dominated by the ruling party, would not be able to muster the required majority votes to veto the president.
Lawal, stated this at the weekend, in an interview with our correspondent, shortly after an interactive meeting he held with members and leaders of APC in Ijebu-Ode, Ogun State.
The governorship aspirant, who backed President Buhari on his rejection of the two bills, said the president in his letter to the National Assembly, had advanced enough and realistic reasons for the bills to be rejected.
He argued that the “mischief” in the Peace Corps Bill, had been catered for by the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), noting amending the election sequence as passed by the national legislature, would amount to additional cost in terms of fund and manpower.
He, however, cautioned that the wedge between the executive and the National Assembly, should be handled with utmost care in order not to jeopardize good governance.
“The National Assembly won't be able to veto Mr. President on his refusal to sign the Peace Corps Bill and Electoral Amendment Act into laws. This is because both chambers are dominated by the ruling party and this will make it impossible for them to muster the required votes, to override the president's decision.
“The President, had in a letter to the NASS, advanced enough and realistic reasons for his refusal to assent to the bills. You see, every law or act has its own mischief, and I believe strongly that the mischief in the Peace Corps Bill had already been taken care of by the NYSC.
“For the Electoral Amendment Act, the reordering of election sequence, will not only lead to additional cost in terms of fund, it will equally amount to waste of time and bring unnecessary burden on security agencies. When it will cost more if we have three elections, why not save money and time by having just two elections ? ” Lawal stated.
On his gubernatorial aspiration, Lawal, said if given the mandate to govern Ogun in 2019, his administration would revisit the multi-billion naira Olokola project, focus more on rural roads as well as ensuring free and compulsory education.
He also said his government would reduce the recurrent expenditure to 30 percent, while capital expenditure would take more than 60 percent, with a view of making more dividends of democracy available to the populace.
KUALA LUMPUR: The project owner of Malaysia's US$20 billion East Coast Railway Link has told its main Chinese contractor to suspend work, both companies said on Wednesday (Jul 4), raising uncertainty about the future of part of China's Belt and Road plan.
The 688km East Coast Rail Link will connect the South China Sea in the east coast of Peninsula Malaysia with strategic shipping routes in the west and is a major part of China's infrastructure push across Asia and beyond.
Advertisement
The suspension comes as Malaysia seeks to renegotiate the terms of the deal with China.
Since a surprise election win in May, Malaysia's new government has pledged to cut the national debt, stamp out corruption and review major projects agreed by the scandal-plagued previous administration led by Najib Razak.
First OBOR /BRI project with China may be shelved indefinitely unless china state owned CCCC were to bring down the cost significantly https://t.co/eYw5McNj4y — Melissa Goh (@MelGohCNA) July 4, 2018
Financial news outlet The Edge first reported the halt in the project, referring to a letter sent from Malaysia Rail Link Sdn Bhd (MRL) to China Communications Construction Co Ltd (CCCC) that cited grounds of "national interest" among other reasons.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A spokesman for MRL confirmed the instruction to Reuters but declined to comment further.
CCCC said in a statement it regretted the suspension and was "upset and concerned" over the livelihood of its more than 2,250 local staff and other indirect hires.
"We respect and comply with Malaysian laws. Under the situation we have no choice but to adhere to the suspension instruction," it said, adding that it hoped the suspension would be lifted as soon as possible.
Malaysian Finance Minister Lim Guan Eng has said he planned to visit China soon to renegotiate the terms of the deal and said in a statement on Tuesday that the ECRL would only become economically feasible if there was a drastic reduction in costs.
Completing Malaysia's biggest rail project as previously planned would cost US$20 billion, Lim said on Tuesday, nearly 50 per cent higher than estimates under the previous government.
"We expect that the ECRL project will only become financially and economically feasible if there is a drastic price reduction of the project by the CCCC," Lim said in a statement.
The new Malaysian government has also halted a rail project with Singapore.
Hawaii man says he's devastated about sending missile alert
A former Hawaii state worker who sent a false missile alert last month said Friday he's devastated about causing panic but was “100 percent sure” at the time that the attack was real.
The man in his 50s spoke to reporters on the condition that he not be identified because he fears for his safety after receiving threats.
He says an on-duty call that came in on Jan. 13 didn't sound like a drill. However, state officials say other workers clearly heard the word “exercise” repeated several times.
“Immediately afterward, we find out it was a drill and I was devastated. I still feel very badly about it,” he said. “I felt sick afterward. It was like a body blow.”
He's had difficulty eating and sleeping since, he said: “It's been hell for me the last couple weeks.”
The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency fired him after the incident.
The man's superiors said they knew for years that he had problems performing his job. The worker had mistakenly believed drills for tsunami and fire warnings were actual events, and colleagues were not comfortable working with him, the state said.
His supervisors counseled him but kept him for a decade in a position that had to be renewed each year.
The ex-worker disputed that, saying he wasn't aware of any performance problems.
While starting a Saturday shift at the emergency operations center in a former bunker in Honolulu's Diamond Head crater on Jan. 13, the man said, a co-worker took a phone call over the U.S. Pacific Command secure line that sounded like a real warning, he said.
“When the phone call came in, someone picked up the receiver instead of hitting speaker phone so that everyone could hear the message,” he said.
The man said he didn't hear the beginning of the message that said, “exercise, exercise, exercise.”
“I heard the part, 'this is not a drill,'” he said. “I didn't hear exercise at all in the message or from my co-workers.”
Federal and state reports say the agency had a vague checklist for missile alerts, allowing workers to interpret the steps they should follow differently. Managers didn't require a second person to sign off on alerts before they were sent, and the agency lacked any preparation on how to correct a false warning.
Those details emerged Tuesday in reports on investigations about how the agency mistakenly blasted cellphones and broadcast stations with the missile warning.
It took nearly 40 minutes for the agency to figure out a way to retract the false alert on the same platforms it was sent to.
“The protocols were not in place. It was a sense of urgency to put it in place as soon as possible. But those protocols were not developed to the point they should have,” retired Brig. Gen. Bruce Oliveira, who wrote the report on Hawaii's internal investigation, said at a news conference.
Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Administrator Vern Miyagi resigned as the reports were released. Officials revealed that the employee who sent the alert was fired Jan. 26. The state did not name him.
The agency's executive officer, Toby Clairmont, said Wednesday that he stepped down because it was clear action would be taken against agency leaders after the alert.
Another employee was being suspended without pay, officials said.
The incident “shines a light” on the state's system failures, the man who sent the alert said, adding that he believes the federal government should handle such alerts.
Testing of the alert system began in November and protocols were constantly changing, he said. “As far as our level of training was concerned, I think it was inadequate,” he said.
Hawaii state Department of Defense spokesman Lt. Col. Charles Anthony declined to comment on what the former worker said.
Officials said the man refused to cooperate with state or federal investigations beyond providing a written statement. He wasn't trying to impede any investigations, he said: “There really wasn't anything else to say.”
Author: AP
One of the reasons the state legislature changed the rules to help keep the question of legalizing marijuana in Michigan off the ballot was because legislators believed voters would approve it. Results of a new EPIC-MRA statewide survey pretty much double down on that sentiment. The poll found that support for legalization leads with 57 percent of voters. The naysayers were at 40 percent.
Those numbers are up 4 percent from last year, and last year's numbers were up 3 percent from the year before. That pretty much shows the trend. That's why MI Legalize, which ran the petition drive the state rejected last year, hasn't given up. Most of the members of the group are longtime activists and remember a day when no one outside of their circle would even talk to them about marijuana. Now there is majority public opinion and a real chance at success. There are actually several lobbyists for different interests in Lansing working with legislators on the issue.
What a difference a couple of decades make — that is, if you haven't had your life run over by the prohibition bulldozer in the meantime. People are still getting killed, having their property confiscated, getting their families torn apart, and enriching foreign drug lords — all at the cost of trillions of tax dollars for a failed policy.
So MI Legalize is still at it. The group is pursuing a challenge to the state's rejection of its petition in federal court. But first and foremost, it's working with a coalition to bring a new ballot proposal to voters for 2018.
That was the target year, based on public opinion, that many experienced activists were aiming for in the first place. So did most national marijuana organizations. The effort for the 2016 ballot came about in part because a couple of groups backed by investors were exploring initiatives. MI Legalize people felt the need to jump in now or get beat to the punch. It was a good effort, and it probably set things up for an even better one to come.
"There are people from a lot of groups working together to work out language that is acceptable to the greater community," says attorney Matt Abel, executive director of Michigan NORML, the local chapter of the national marijuana rights organization. "This will become public and there will be a draft available for people to comment on. We want this legislation to be done right, proper, and not susceptible to challenge."
The Marijuana Policy Project (MPP), which backed campaigns in California and elsewhere last time around, was not behind the MI Legalize effort other than giving it a late-in-the-game vocal endorsement. That's changed. The MPP now has a staff member living in Michigan who is meeting with people around the state trying to help figure it all out. That should be a sign that the time is now to change state laws. The MPP is pretty stringent about where it will get fully behind an effort with people and fundraising. One of the things the organization's staff looks for is a strong and dedicated contingent on the ground in a state. It doesn't like major infighting between groups — there has to be unity.
The MPP has been here before. It was a major player in helping the Michigan Medical Marihuana Act get passed in 2008. I'm hoping the return visit will be just as fruitful.
The language in the EPIC-MRA poll was pretty specific to voters about what they were asking: "The proposal would make the possession and cultivation of limited amounts marijuana legal in the state of Michigan for adults age 21 or older. Also, it would allow the sale of marijuana to adults age 21 or older only by stores that would be licensed by the state, and finally, it would tax the sale of marijuana by these state-licensed stores. If this proposal were to appear on a future election ballot, if the election were held today, would you vote yes to approve the proposal, or would you vote no to oppose it?"
That's to the point. One of the big things that people who want to roll back the MMMA is that people didn't know what they were voting for when they voted for medical marijuana. Another issue is that the MMMA doesn't specifically say that it can be sold in "stores." This new recreational legalization language doesn't leave that to chance. It may not matter much; if polling trends continue their direction by the time we're voting in 2018, support should be well over 60 percent.
Detroit challenge
While the city of Detroit is methodically denying variances to its caretaker center ordinance and shutting them down, the group that pressured the City Council to do this is casting another net. They've targeted councilmember George Cushingberry in this fall's election. Winfred Blackmon, who dubs himself "the marijuana fighter," is soliciting supporters to fight the District 2 representative "who voted against Ordinance No. 61 to have regulation and to curtail the expansion of the illegal marijuana dispensaries." (The bold emphases are Blackmon's.)
Blackmon writes that several community organizations "are banning (sic) together to support a candidate who has sworn to be a councilmember for the entire district and not just representing the Downtown District, Midtown District, and the Marijuana Industry. That candidate is Roy McCalister Jr."
McCalister, a former police lieutenant, lost bids for at-large council seats in 2013 and 2014, and a state representative try in 2014. It looks like he's back.
So the fight is on for the Detroit election season. And apparently marijuana is going to be one of the issues. That's fine, we need to be talking about it openly. And I understand why the Metropolitan Detroit Community Action Coalition (MCDAC), which Blackmon chairs, is alarmed. For one thing they've been hearing anti-marijuana propaganda their whole lives and blame a lot of social ills on it. Another thing is that the proliferation of dispensaries in Detroit, partly driven by Oakland County's absolute ban on them, is a reminder of a dynamic that has not boded well for the city. As I once heard a judge in a courtroom admonish a defendant that suburbanites come into Detroit to "do your dirt" then head back home. I don't equate buying marijuana to doing dirt, but I can understand that those who fear marijuana don't want Detroit to be sin city. I've seen my share of folks who hit the Eight Mile Road dispensary strip and head back out to the suburbs.
However, the "marijuana fighter" is just a typical marijuana hater. In his group's first couple of meetings it took them a while to accept that medical marijuana is legal and they couldn't just close down all the dispensaries. Then they decided to try to restrict them out of existence, or at least out of sight. Now they're going after politicians who support a non-prohibitionist attitude. Maybe a small, dedicated band can block things for a while, but the numbers are against them in the big picture in the long run. Politicians respond to forces that can get them elected. In 2012 decriminalization passed in Detroit with 65 percent of the vote. Unless public opinion turns around, and polls don't show that, politicians mostly aren't going to have a strong prohibition stance. Particularly when they look at the economic benefits in tax and regulate states.
MCDAC members have problems with medical marijuana. Their heads will really explode when recreational legalization comes and stores sell it to anybody who's old enough to buy.
SEOUL: South Korea's special prosecutor's office said on Wednesday it had expanded charges against Samsung Group chief Jay Y. Lee to include hiding the proceeds of a criminal act before it decided to seek a warrant for his arrest.
A Seoul court said on Tuesday it would hold a hearing on Thursday to decide on the prosecution's request for warrants to arrest Jay Y. Lee and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd President Park Sang-jin for bribery and other charges.
Lee and the Samsung Group have denied any wrongdoing.
(Reporting by Joyce Lee; Editing by Paul Tait)
Hue Jackson chuckled when asked about speculation he would not be back as the Cleveland Browns coach in 2018, and the rumors continue despite the owner's promise Jackson will return.
“That's not the feeling I get at all,” Jackson said Monday in a conference call.
Jackson said he simply takes Jimmy Haslam's word that he will return.
“You got to trust in what he says,” Jackson said of Haslam. “I know I do. I don't see it any other way, personally, myself. I think what he said is what he meant. That's what I believe, and that's what I know.”
What Haslam said was that Jackson “absolutely” would be back in 2018 regardless of how the Browns finish. And that wasn't all.
“I think it would be a mistake to just zero in on '18,” Haslam said the day he introduced John Dorsey as the new general manager. “We are planning on Hue Jackson being our football coach for a long time and he and John working closely together for a long time.”
Monday's speculation came in part from ProFootballTalk.com, which reported Sunday night that the “persistent sense in league circles” is that Dorsey will convince Haslam to let him hire a coach.
“I think it's funny that you guys comment on that kind of stuff.” Jackson said.
The chatter is partly a result of Jackson's 1-15 record in 2016 and 0-13 mark this season. It's also a result of the constant change that has taken place with Haslam as the owner, and the arranged marriages between coach and front office that did not work.
Haslam arranged for Rob Chudzinski and Mike Lombardi to work together, and it lasted a year. Then he arranged the marriage with Mike Pettine and Ray Farmer; it lasted two years. The marriage of Sashi Brown and Jackson ended when Brown was let go after less than two years.
It's no wonder that people question if “absolutely” truly means “absolutely.” regarding Haslam arranging for Dorsey to work with Jackson.
Dorsey has given no indication he doesn't want it to work, or that it won't. He was on the field before the game and in the locker room after.
“We don't know each other very well, but we have begun to establish that relationship, and I know just being around him briefly, the time that I have been around him, I'm excited,” Dorsey said last week. “Plus the people that I know and he knows, all of the people I talk to about Hue, they love Hue. They say, ‘You two guys are going to work wonderfully together.' I'm excited about that. I can't wait.”
Dorsey admitted to making calls about Jackson before he took the job, but said that's just a normal thing any new personnel guy would do.
“I like him as a man,” Dorsey said of Jackson. “To me, I like him as a man. I like his overall offensive schematic stuff. I think that is kind of cool. I just like the way the team plays. They play hard, and I like a team that plays hard.”
It also does not seem to be his style to come in and immediately make changes.
“You do not want to come in here and be the guy that blows everything up automatically,” Dorsey said “You just can't do that. To me, that is just not how you do business.”
He was talking about the scouting and personnel department, but the principle applies. One of the benefits of him taking the job now is they had a month to view the team and players live. Monday morning, he and Jackson met to discuss the loss, and the future.
Jackson said the meeting was not garden variety.
“It was much different,” he said. “We got together early and really talked through the game and just continued [the] dialogue on what we need to continue to do better to get the team better and how we see the football team as we continue to move forward.”
“I can't tell you for sure that these two guys will work well together,” Haslam said, “but I will say this, I am highly optimistic given their backgrounds and skillsets that John and Hue will work well together.”
World leaders congratulated President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan following the Yes victory in Sunday's historic referendum, reports the Anadolu news agency.
As of 11.30 p.m. local time (2030GMT), unofficial results showed the Yes camp on 51.41 percent while the No had 48.59 percent.
Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev was the first leader to congratulate Erdoğan in a telephone call on Sunday, saying that the result demonstrated “Turkish people's great support” for Erdoğan's policy, according to Anadolu.
In a letter addressed to Erdoğan after the phone call, Aliyev said the outcome would raise Turkey's status on the global stage.
“Certainly, this referendum will mark the beginning of a new stage in the history of your brotherly country and reinforce the international role and standing of a stable and powerful Turkey,” he said.
Qatar's Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas also congratulated Erdoğan, Turkish presidential sources said.
According to diplomatic sources, leaders from Hungary, Macedonia, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, and Kenya offered congratulations to Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu in telephone calls.
The president and prime minister of Pakistan said the outcome reflected the desire of the Turkish people for a strong Turkey.
One of Pakistan's largest political parties, Jamaat-e Islami, congratulated Erdoğan and the Turkish people on the “historic” win.
Party leader Siraj-ul-Haq, who is also a member of the Senate, told Anadolu Agency the result showed the trust of Turks in the policies of the ruling Justice and Development (AK) Party.
“Our best wishes are with President Erdoğan, his team, and the brotherly people of Turkey,” he said. “I am sure this historic referendum victory will forge the way forward toward a strong, united, and prosperous Turkey.”
Vice President of Iraq, Osama al-Nujaifi also sent a message of congratulations. “Mr. President, I am glad to congratulate you and friendly Turkish nation on the referendum aimed at constitutional change,” he said.
Djibouti's President Ismail Omar Guelleh said he was pleased with the result and the victory for democracy in Turkey.
One of the Hamas' leaders, Izzet Er-Resa, sent congratulations from the group via Twitter to Erdoğan, Prime Minister Binali Yildirim and the leaders of Turkish political parties. “Turkey has taken a big step on the way of development while achieving a new success,” he said.
Palestine Liberation Organization expressed its happiness about the vote and said the result would contribute to Turkey's stability and more support on the Palestine issue.
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Talaat Fehmi told Anadolu Agency that Turkey gave a lesson in democracy to the world that “leaders backed by the nations can overcome the all difficulties”.
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko said in a statement on Monday that the referendum outcome would promote the enhancement of the sovereignty and independence of Turkey.
“Having supported the constitutional reform, the people of Turkey supported the efforts of the current government to ensure economic growth, political stability in the world and in the state,” Lukashenko said.
Sunday's referendum asked voters to decide on an 18-article bill to switch from a parliamentary to a presidential system, among other changes.
PEARL HARBOR
I looked long and hard at the Dec. 7 issue of the Sun and I did not see anything about Pearl Harbor. If Dec. 7 had never happened, the U.S. would not have entered the war when they did and the outcome might have been very different. It is shameful that it wasn't mentioned if for no other reason than the large number of lives lost by our neighbours.
D. RHODES
WATERLOO
(Understood, although there was a great deal of media coverage last year on the 75th anniversary of Pearl Harbor)
NOT YOUR BUSINESS
Two different stories, on different subjects, from different parts of the world but with a common thread. The voters of Alabama are saying to the world: We will elect whoever we choose to elect, you may not like our choice, but please, MYOB. The Chinese are saying to Canada: We are happy to trade with you, but as far as democracy, rule of law and human rights in China are concerned, MYOB.
MICHAEL MORETON
TORONTO
(If Alabama voters elect who we think they're going to elect it will be BYOB for the Republicans)
NO MORE LIBERALS
With the provincial election coming in June, I am sure I speak for many who hope to not see another Liberal government in this province. Since the Wynne government took office, we've been lied to and lost billions of our hard-earned dollars to their frivolous, unnecessary, disorganized and often hidden squandering at our expense. Not to mention their sense of entitlement to spending money on bonuses such as a total payout of $4.5 million to the CEO of Hydro One and their own advertisements on radio and TV about how well they think they are doing. Their self-entitlement is mind boggling. In this next election, we don't need broken promises or “stretch goals”. We need a government that will not remind us of how the last government has wronged us — we already know that. We need a government that is going to hold true to their word on the promises they present and that doesn't tell us they are going to do something they can't possibly do. The Liberals have left a terrible financial mess. The next government would be best to promise something that is real and achievable. We deserve that. We will have to realize that not much can be promised as there is a lot of damage to undo. Recovery of our economy is paramount. Put our money back in our pockets.
J. KIRK
ALLISTON
(The Liberals? Never)
FUN TIMES
Say what you will about President Trump, but the Donald is having fun in his job! How many of you out there can say that about your job?
ROGER SCOTT LEWIS
BRAMPTON
(You call that fun?)
WRONG ON TRUMP
Andy Donato's cartoon on Dec. 10 suggests that President Trump was wrong in recognizing Jerusalem as Israel's capital. In his view, the foreign policy of the United States should be determined by a bunch of rock-throwing thugs. I hate to think who he thinks should be in charge of Canada's foreign policy.
FRANK SZIRT
(We know who's in charge of Canada's foreign policy. That's the problem)
Mark McMorris says he's “really happy to be alive and to be healing” a few months after suffering serious injuries in a backcountry snowboard accident.
McMorris, a 2014 Olympic slopestyle bronze medallist and multiple X Games title winner, suffered a fractured jaw, fractured left arm, ruptured spleen, stable pelvic fracture, rib fractures and a collapsed left lung in the off-trail crash near Whistler, B.C., in late March.
A few days after the crash he posted the following photo on Instagram showing himself in a hospital bed:
Canada Snowboard said in a news release Wednesday that the 23-year-old from Regina is working with Burnaby, B.C.-based injury rehabilitation specialist Damien Moroney, who helped McMorris recover from a broken rib suffered 11 days before the 2014 Sochi Olympics and a broken left femur in February 2016.
“I'm super-committed to the process with Damien, his team and Canada Snowboard. I'm looking forward to getting back on snow,” McMorris said in the release. “That's my focus right now.”
Despite his injuries, McMorris was provisionally named to the Canadian team for the 2018 Winter Olympics just a few days after the crash. He'll compete in South Korea if he's healthy and able to meet an easily attainable minimum-performance requirement in a sanctioned event next season.
“Mark has amazing mental and physical resiliency,” Moroney said in the release. “I am continually impressed with his commitment, focus, attitude and capacity in the gym at this stage of his recovery. He is fully engaged in the process of developing all the key pillars that underpin athlete performance in preparation for the demands of competitive snowboarding.”
Mark McMorris, right, posted this photo on Instagram showing himself sitting with his brother Craig a week after his crash. (Mark McMorris/Instagram)
McMorris enjoyed a strong 2016-17 season that saw him win a pair of crystal globes as the World Cup season champion in both big air and overall freestyle snowboarding. He also won gold in slopestyle on the Dew Tour and at the Burton U.S. Open, and claimed three X Games medals.
McMorris, should he recover in time, and fellow Canadian Max Parrot are considered strong medal contenders for 2018, especially with the big air event now included on the Olympic program alongside slopestyle.
In big air, snowboarders launch themselves off massive jumps in order to complete their tricks, while slopestyle involves competitors going down a course that includes a number of obstacles.
Let's block ads! (Why?)
CBC | Sports News
I'm not sure how Mariah Carey avoids tan lines, but if she sunbathes on her rooftop terrace in Tribeca, she'll soon have a big audience.
The pop star has lived for 17 years in a triplex penthouse in Franklin Tower designed by Mario Buatta.
But the “Jenga Building” at 56 Leonard — so named for its cantilevered floors — is kitty-corner to her building. And her new neighbors, many with terraces looking down on her aerie, are about to move in.
The 60-story tower at Church Street, designed by Swiss architects Herzog & de Meuron, has 145 condo units, including a penthouse that sold for $47 million.
Mariah's fiercely protective manager, Stella Bulochnikov, didn't get back to me.
Arkansas is among several states that have passed severe abortion restrictions and put the health of its residents at risk. That includes Act 577, a law passed by the Arkansas legislature in 2015 that would force doctors who provide medication abortion services to obtain admitting privileges at a nearby hospital. Planned Parenthood had challenged the legislation, and asked the U.S. Supreme Court takes up their lawsuit. But SCOTUS announced that it would not hear the case, which means Arkansas becomes the first state to ban medication abortions. And abortion advocates argue that will endanger the lives of thousands of people seeking the procedure in the state.
A lower court initially blocked Act 577 from taking effect in late 2015, when Planned Parenthood filed a lawsuit against the anti-choice law on the grounds that it's unconstitutional, according to CNN. But that decision was reversed in July 2017 by the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals, which sent the case back to the district court to, as CNN reported, "how many women would be unduly burdened by the so called 'contract-physician' requirement."
Planned Parenthood turned to the Supreme Court in response, hoping it would take up the case and reverse the Eighth Circuit's ruling. But, advocates say, because SCOTUS declined to hear the case, not only does Arkansas become the first state to ban medication abortion, it will also leave all but one clinic that provides abortion care, according to CNN.
Dr. Brandon Hill, President & CEO, Planned Parenthood Great Plains, said in an email statement Tuesday:
We are deeply disappointed in the Supreme Court's decision to deny Arkansas women the opportunity to be heard. Act 577 is the triumph of politicians over science, and it's women who will suffer as a result. Its requirements are dangerous and medically unnecessary, and they are nothing more than a repackaged version of the restrictions struck down by the Supreme Court in Whole Woman's Health [vs. Hellerstedt].
Advocates claimed that Arkansas' Act 577 is nothing more than a repackaged version of Texas House Bill 2 — otherwise known as H.B. 2 — which, in part, would have forced doctors to gain admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of an abortion clinic, according to The Austin Chronicle. But, in 2016, the Supreme Court ruled in the Whole Woman's Health case that two major provisions of H.B. 2 are unconstitutional, blocking the draconian law from taking effect, The Austin Chronicle reported.
Citing the SCOTUS decision in Whole Woman's Health, Planned Parenthood argued that the Eighth Court's ruling directly contradicted the precedent that was set, according to Rewire.News. Since the Court refused to hear the case, Planned Parenthood returned to the district court to request a temporary restraining order to block Act 577 from taking effect, Rewire.News reported.
Hill said on Tuesday, according to an email statement:
We are working urgently to restore access to medication abortion services at our health centers in Fayetteville and Little Rock. We will not stop fighting to ensure that every woman has access to essential, constitutionally-protected care, without politicians controlling when, how or why.
In the petition filed with the Court, Planned Parenthood claimed that residents of Fayetteville, Arkansas, who are seeking an abortion would have to travel more than 700 miles to Little Rock in order to comply with the state's anti-abortion laws, including Act 577, according to Rewire.News. But research shows that restricting abortion to the point where people have to travel the length of an entire state for care only increases their financial and health risks. As Dawn Laguens, executive vice president of Planned Parenthood Federation of America, said in an email statement:
Arkansas is now shamefully responsible for being the first state to ban medication abortion. This dangerous law immediately ends access to safe, legal abortion at all but one health center in the state. If that's not an undue burden, what is?
The formula for the Toronto Maple Leafs in their first-round series against the Boston Bruins has been a simple one: When Frederik Andersen is great, they win. When he is not, they get blown out.
In the past two games, both with the Maple Leafs facing elimination, they have been fortunate enough to get the “great” Andersen. His 32-save effort in Toronto's 3-1 Game 6 win on Monday night is a big reason this series is now headed for a winner-take-all Game 7 in Boston on Wednesday night (7:30 p.m. ET, NBCSN).
The Maple Leafs have leaned on Andersen a ton all season, not only giving him a massive workload that saw him have to play in 66 games (second most in the league, just one shy of the NHL lead), but also forcing him to face the most shots of any goaltender in the NHL.
Nearly 200 more than the next closest goalie, to be exact. That reliance has continued in this series.
He may not have finished the season with the best numbers in the league, but there is a lot to be said for a goalie that can play that many games, face that many shots, and give his team above average goaltending the way Andersen did.
[NBC's Stanley Cup Playoff Hub]
The combination of a young, offensive-minded team with a suspect defense that bleeds shots against the way the Maple Leafs do can put a ton of pressure on the goalie. If that goalie is not on his game, things can get ugly in a hurry, just as they did early in the series when Andersen struggled and Toronto was absolutely crushed on the scoreboard and looked to be on their way to a rather quiet and unimpressive postseason exit.
But in the three Maple Leafs wins, Andersen has been a difference maker, especially over the past two where he has stopped 74 of the 78 shots he has faced to help keep their season going.
It is not as if the Bruins haven't had chances in those games, because they have. Andersen has simply been up to the task.
It would be hard to argue that the Maple Leafs have been the better team at any point in this series because the Bruins have looked downright dominant at times. But in a short series there are a lot of variables that can completely turn things upside down. Goaltending is always at the top of that list.
Over the past two games the Maple Leafs have been getting it.
But it was not just the goaltending on Monday that helped give Toronto another game. They also received big contributions from two of their young stars as William Nylander and Mitch Marner scored goals, with Marner's goal — his second of the series — going in the books as the game-winner.
Veteran center Tomas Plekanec, a trade deadline acquisition that has at times struggled mightily since coming over from Montreal, also looks to have some new life as this series has progressed and helped put the game away with his second goal of the series late in the third period.
Then there was the penalty kill. With just under seven minutes to play in regulation, the Maple Leafs clinging to a one-goal lead, Marner was sent off for delay of game for shooting the puck over the glass in the defensive zone. The ensuing penalty kill was clinical by Toronto as they completely shut down the Bruins' power play and nearly scored a shorthanded goal when Kasperi Kapanen broke in alone on Tuukka Rask, only to have Rask just get enough of his shot to send it wide.
Now it all comes down to one game on Wednesday night.
The big question for the Maple Leafs will be the same one that has existed this entire series: Which Frederik Andersen is going to show up? If it is the one they had over the past two games, they might actually pull off this comeback and move on to the second round for the first time since 2003. If it is the one that showed up in the three losses, it might be another ugly result if the Bruins keep generating shots and chances the way they have in the first six games.
————
Adam Gretz is a writer for Pro Hockey Talk on NBC Sports. Drop him a line at phtblog@nbcsports.com or follow him on Twitter @AGretz.
With the impending arrival of the V30, LG is expected to also roll out the new UX 6.0+. We saw its features and capabilities way back in March but the user interface is about to get an update. It's now more advanced to optimize the new OLED screen. The LG V30 will feature the same 18:9 FullVision display coupled with a dual lens camera so we know the phone will be a powerful device.
The updated UX deliver s more capabilities and special features for Graphy and an updated Second Screen. For the mobile photography enthusiasts, the Graphy will be useful as it offers a number of professional features. It can be found within the Manual Mode as presets that professional photographers have already used before. The metadata presets like ISO, aperture, shutter speed, and white balance can be applied to the new photos.
You can easily take great-looking photographs with the auto, snap shot, match shot, or grid shot options which you can find under one menu only. The updated UX also includes a new Quick Video Editor for easy editing of videos while the Create Movie lets you make easy video or photo slide shows. Right inside the Gallery menu, you can also quickly make a GIF.
As with any new UX, this one brings heightened security features with the Face Recognition and Voice Recognition. To ensure phone battery isn't quick-draining, the UX takes advantage of the Qualcomm Aqstic voice UI technology for the always-listening and always-on features.
Instead of a secondary screen from the original V10 and V20, LG decided to use a Floating Bar instead. We've been hearing this rumor and now it's confirmed by the South Korean tech giant. The idea is this Floating Bar can be dragged off from the FullVision display when no longer needed. There is still the Always On display that you can now use to display a photo, the Music Player, or Quick Tools when off.
SOURCE: LG
Bonus of gov't men subject to tax – SC
1 SHARES Share Tweet
By Rey G. Panaligan
From now on, benefits received by government employees such as allowances, bonuses, and compensation for services are subject to withholding tax, the Supreme Court has ruled.
In a unanimous full court decision released yesterday, the SC said “all income received by an employee from his or her employer are presumptively taxable and subject to withholding and the government, as an employer, has the duty to withhold and remit the proper taxes due thereon.”
The SC also ruled that its decision should “be applied prospectively” and “an employee who claims exemption from withholding taxes has the burden to prove the factual and legal bases of the claim in the proper administrative and judicial proceedings.”
At the same time, the SC said, “The fiscal autonomy enjoyed by the Judiciary, Ombudsman, and Constitutional Commissions does not grant immunity or exemption from the common burden of paying taxes imposed by law.”
With the ruling, the SC affirmed the validity of the regulations issued by the Bureau of Internal Revenue which imposed withholding tax on the erstwhile non-taxable fringe benefits of government employees.
The SC Public Information Office said the SC affirmed the validity of Sections 3, 4, and 7 of BIR Revenue Memorandum Order No. 23-2014 which classified income allowances, bonuses, compensation for services granted to government employees and other benefits, except for the 13th month pay, in excess of P30,000, and the loyalty pay as taxable compensation.
Under RMO 23-2014 which took effect on July 7, 2014, all fringe benefits received by employees and officers of government are subject to 30 to 32 percent tax.
“In upholding Sections III and IV, the Court ruled that no additional tax is imposed as the two sections merely mirror the relevant provisions of the National Internal Revenue Code of 1997 on withholding tax on compensation income,” the PIO said in a briefer.
But the SC declared Section 6 of RMO 23-2014 “only where it names the Governor, City Mayor, Municipal Mayor, Barangay Captain, and Heads of Office in government agencies, government-owned or controlled corporations, and other government offices, as persons required to withhold and remit withholding taxes as null and void.”
Related
comments
HILLSBOROUGH, N.C. (AP) — A Georgia man charged with violating North Carolina's sports agent law has agreed to testify against an NFL agent also charged in the case.
Patrick Mitchell Jones, 43, was charged in 2013 with athlete-agent inducement for providing $725 to former Tar Heels football player Robert Quinn. An indictment stated he provided the money through Quinn's former girlfriend to entice Quinn to sign with agent Terry Watson.
Jones appeared in court Monday in a deferred prosecution deal requiring him acknowledge is involvement and “testify truthfully” against Watson, according to a court document. That could lead to his charge's dismissal if he complies with all terms over 12 months.
Jones was one of five people facing charges in the case centered on improper benefits provided to three UNC football players in 2010.
ALBANY, N.Y. (WIVB) – New York State will end its successful “I Love NY” campaign, the state DOT announced Friday.
The announcement comes after the U.S. Department of Transportation's Federal Highway Administration sent a letter Thursday to New York transportation officials saying the state stands to lose $14 million in federal funding for failing to remove the 500-plus “I Love NY” signs.
The state spent more than $8 million to create and install the “I Love NY” signs in recent years. Federal officials told Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo to remove them because they were unsafe, but he refused.
NEW: State scraps #ILoveNY campaign after $14m ding from the Feds. "…this message has run its useful course…" This from the DOT: @news4buffalo pic.twitter.com/J5tuQabJMg — Dave Greber (@DaveGreber4) February 2, 2018
““The overwhelmingly successful ‘I Love NY' campaign has supported and enhanced New York's $105 billion tourism industry for five years,” the NYSDOT announced in a statement Friday. “Since the Governor initiated this branding effort, the number of tourists to New York State has increased by 18 percent and the direct economic impact of tourism on the State has skyrocketed by more than 20 percent.”
The current campaign and signs are now entering their fifth year, and the message has “run its useful course”, the NYSDOT statement added.
The state has plans to launch a new tourism campaign with the slogan “New York has it all!”.
“The campaign will have, as usual, comprehensive television and print advertising, as well as new road signage,” the statement said. “Existing materials will be reused but, as the signs will be redesigned for the new campaign, we will consult with FHWA during this process. It will be a new campaign launched for the summer tourism cycle and as such must be concluded before the September FHWA deadline anyway.”
There's a new batch of fake ID's in Tulsa. So far, Homeland Security has seized more than 100 of them. Police say these new fakes are difficult to spot.
Thailand's prime minister and junta chief Prayuth Chan-ocha will visit the White House in October, Thailand's foreign minister said on Tuesday, adding trade and security would be on the agenda, the latest sign of warming ties between Bangkok and Washington.
BANGKOK: Thailand's prime minister and junta chief Prayuth Chan-ocha will visit the White House in October, Thailand's foreign minister said on Tuesday, adding trade and security would be on the agenda, the latest sign of warming ties between Bangkok and Washington.
Last week U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson paid a visit to Thailand - the highest level visit by a U.S. official since the military took power in a 2014 coup.
Tillerson's trip and Prayuth's invitation from U.S. President Donald Trump to visit the White House are the latest sign that Bangkok and Washington are re-establishing normal diplomatic relations following the coup.
"There will be discussions with President Trump about trade, investment, military security and the regional situation which is a big issue," Thai foreign minister Don Pramudwinai told reporters.
The Thai government had previously said the visit would take place in July.
A spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in Bangkok said he had no new information on Prayuth's visit to the White House, which follows an invitation extended by Trump to Prayuth during an April telephone call between the two.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We look forward to the Prime Minister's visit to Washington, DC. We continue to seek a mutually agreeable day for the prime minister's visit to the White House," spokesman Steve Castonguay told Reuters.
Tillerson's priority has been urging Southeast Asian countries to do more to cut funding streams for North Korea as tensions mount between the United States and North Korea.
The United States has said it believes North Korean front companies are active in Thailand and is trying to encourage the Thais to shut them down.
Tillerson, however, made no public comment on North Korean firms during his 5-hour stay in Bangkok where he met with Prayuth.
Don said the issue was not specifically raised during Tillerson's visit.
"The United States has not pressured Thailand to shut North Korea business," Don said.
"The secretary's visit discussed broad issues."
(Reporting by Amy Sawitta Lefevre, Pracha Hariraksapitak and Panarat Thepgumpanat; Writing by Amy Sawitta Lefevre; Editing by Michael Perry)
A six-week-old goat was taken from a barn on Townline Road in Hagersville.
The culprit gained access to the barn and removed the goat from an enclosure in the early morning hours on Nov. 24.
Police say there is no indication that another animal entered the barn and removed the goat.
Haldimand OPP are continuing to investigate. Anyone with information is asked to contact the Haldimand County OPP detachment at 1-888-310-1122.
Dead cow tied to trailer
The OPP is on the hunt for those responsible for tying a dead cow to a trailer located on a 10th Concession Road, North Walsingham property.
A resident reported the act to Norfolk OPP on Dec. 6. The investigation continues.
Theft from wishing well
The great spectacle of Simcoe's Christmas Panorama River of Lights is not immune to crime.
Someone forcibly opened a donation wishing well in Wellington Park early Friday and removed a quantity of money.
The wishing well has been placed in the park to accept donations for the Panorama light display.
Norfolk OPP are seeking the public's assistance with reporting any suspicious activity or persons within the park.
"Police feel it is imperative that those who commit mischief and thefts know and fully understand that there are consequences for their negative behaviour and that the Norfolk County OPP will hold everyone accountable for these acts. It is important that these offenders understand the impact their negative acts have on their communities,” Norfolk OPP Constable Ed Sanchuk said in a release.
Cottage damaged by fire
A cottage located in Selkirk suffered an estimated $100,000 damage in a recent fire.
On Friday at 8:27 p.m., OPP and Haldimand County Fire Services responded to Melville Lane for a structure fire. Witnesses reported there were no occupants inside and the structure was undergoing renovations. The fire was not suspicious and the blaze was contained that night.
Illegal hunting near Port Dover
Hunters are reminded that it is illegal to discharge a firearm from inside a vehicle or on a road allowance.
Norfolk OPP received a complaint after a hunter was reportedly spotted shooting a gun from a vehicle on the Woodhouse East Quarter Line Road Saturday afternoon.
The complainant reportedly observed a man driving on the East Quarter Line before stopping and taking a shot. The man got out of the vehicle and retrieved something from an adjoining field, at which time he was confronted.
The shooter left the area and was last seen heading north on Highway 6 by way of Lynn Valley Road.
“The Ministry of Natural Resources has been contacted and notified of the incident,” Const. Ed Sanchuk of the Norfolk OPP said in a news release.
Home-made blade stolen
A home-made grading blade was reportedly stolen near Port Rowan last week.
The seven-foot blade is designed to attach to a tractor and has an estimated value of $2,000.
The theft occurred on the South Walsingham East Quarter Line Road late Thursday or in the early morning hours of Friday.
Norfolk OPP are investigating.
Break-in on Hastings Drive
A Long Point cottage was broken into recently but nothing appears to have been stolen.
The break-in on Hastings Drive occurred sometime between Nov. 30 and Sunday.
Norfolk OPP are investigating.
Theft in subdivision
Cash and personal identification were stolen from a vehicle in Simcoe on the weekend.
The theft in the Sihler Woods subdivision at the corner of Argyle Street and Lynnwood Avenue occurred in the early morning hours of Saturday.
Taken was an envelope containing $800 in Canadian currency, a black fanny pack containing a passport and American currency, and a pair of sunglasses.
Norfolk OPP are investigating.
Medical marijuana stolen from garage
Four medical marijuana plants were stolen during a break-in near Windham Centre last week.
The plants were located in a locked garage at a property on Windham Road 10. The break-in occurred sometime between Dec. 2 and Dec. 4.
Norfolk OPP are investigating.
Booze stolen from shed
An undisclosed quantity of alcohol was stolen during a break-in in Delhi on the weekend.
The alcohol was removed from a garage on James Street in the early morning hours of Sunday.
Norfolk OPP are investigating.
Annapolis police are searching for a 37-year-old Annapolis man they said is wanted for sexually abusing a minor.
The department said there is an arrest warrant for Carlos Montoya, who was charged with sexual abuse of a minor, second degree child abuse, second degree assault, indecent exposure and fourth degree sex offense.
Police said Montoya abused a minor "with whom he resided."
The man is described as Hispanic, 5 feet, 7 inches in height, weighing 140 pounds with brown eyes and black hair. He also has a barbed wire tattoo on his left arm, according to police.
Police do not know his address, but said he has worked as a carpenter in the area.
Anyone with information is asked to call 410-260-3439. To leave tips anonymously, people can call 1-866-756-2587. Police are offering a possible cash reward of up to $2,000 for information that leads to his arrest.
Wichita State Throttles Bradley 100-66
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — Landry Shamet and Darral Willis Jr. each scored 15 points to lead Wichita State to a 100-66 thrashing of Bradley on Sunday in a game where 16 Shockers got playing time.
The game was never in doubt as Wichita State (12-3, 2-0) grabbed a 13-0 lead capped by back-to-back 3s by Markis McDuffie and Shamet.
A pair of Callum Barker free throws for Bradley made it 18-11 marking the last time the Braves would face a single-digit deficit. Austin Reaves' 3 with 12:50 left before halftime made it 21-11 and the rout was on.
The Shockers proceeded to outscore Bradley 30-18 before halftime and led 51-29 at intermission.
Reaves finished with 14 points, shooting 4 for 4 from 3-point range. McDuffie scored 13 points and Rauno Nurger 10.
Darrell Brown led Bradley (6-9, 1-1) with 12 points and Nate Kennell had 10.
Josh Rosen has been backed by Neil Reynolds
The UCLA sensation has bagged a dazzling assortment of passing statistics since his freshman year in 2015.
The 21-year-old quarterback has also been praised for his accuracy and composure in the pocket.
However, in recent months Rosen has become increasingly less fancied due to his outspoken views.
The youngster - who hails from a wealthy background - slammed the college football system for being incompatible with high levels of academic achievement.
He's also already spoken out about his post-football plans and has admitted he'd like to study for an MBA.
Rosen's critics claim he isn't focussed enough to become a superstar quarterback, but Reynolds isn't buying the narrative.
“Given his physical skills, he must love the game to have put in the work,” Reynolds exclusively told Starsport.
“He's a highly intelligent player and if you tell him to do something he wants to know why.
SAHIWAL - The police arrested a constable on the charge of extorting money from villagers, posing himself as a police inspector in Yousufwala here the other day.
According to police, an inspector impersonator Muhammad Shafique had extorted money from villagers in Yousufwala for the last many days. On public complaints, the Yousufwala Police arrested the accused red-handed while extorting money from villagers.
During investigation, it was discovered that the accused is a constable in the Special Protection Police (SPU) of Qadirabad Coal Power Project Sahiwal and belongs to Chakwal district. The police registered a case against him and started investigation.
New mom Tori Spelling has had $700,000 docked from her bank account by U.S. tax officials to cover an outstanding lien.
The former Beverly Hills, 90210 star, daughter of multi-millionaire TV mogul Aaron Spelling, and her husband Dean McDermott have been struggling financially for some time, and last summer, the couple was slapped with a federal tax lien for an unpaid bill relating to earnings from 2014.
According to the New York Post's Page Six, that amount has finally been settled after authorities at America's Internal Revenue Service (IRS) had the funds withdrawn from Tori and Dean's accounts.
The news emerges three weeks after Dean settled his support case with his ex-wife, Mary Jo Eustace, after he was threatened with jail if he failed to pay up.
Tori and Dean, who welcomed their fifth child in early March, are also facing legal action from American Express bosses after failing to pay off their credit card debts, and were sued by officials at City National Bank in December over an unpaid loan.
Time and again, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan has proven her love for the colour black. Over the years, the superstar has been spotted wearing the classic colour in every silhouette. We've seen her play with a pleated ebony Ashi Studio creation at Cannes, party in Mumbai donning a black Shahab Durazi sari, and attend both 2017's Vogue Beauty Awards, and Vogue Women of the Year Awards in dramatic, dark evening gowns. But Aishwarya Rai Bachchan's loyalty to black ensembles extends beyond red carpets. The star keeps coming back to basic black separates when it comes to her off-duty looks as well.
Just days after giving black a break at Akash Ambani and Shloka Mehta's engagement celebration (did you miss that burnt gold Manish Malhotra sari from the star-studded evening?), Aishwarya Rai Bachchan flew out of Mumbai in an outfit that was equal parts comfortable and sharp. The actor entered Mumbai's departures terminal in a simple black midi dress, topped off with a matching travel jacket. Keeping with her monochrome look, Rai Bachchan opted for a handy black tote and ebony sneakers. The blow-dried ombre red locks added a pop of colour to her all-black look.
Joining Aishwarya Rai Bachchan at the airport was daughter Aaradhya Bachchan. Unlike her mother, little Aaradhya played with pop pink for her flight out of the city, layering her flamingo-print tee with a velvet pink hoodie, matching hairband and comfortable jeans. If you're planning to take a holiday with your kids, a classic look like Aishwarya Rai Bachchan's is the ideal pick for you.
8 of 8
What do you think of Lea's choices in swimwear? Let us know in the comments section! We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.
Photo credit: BACKGRID
Instead of learning from their first-round playoff exit last year, the Montreal Canadiens have bottomed out as one of the worst teams in the league from day one of the 2017-18 season. They need a long hard look in the mirror and shouldn't like what they see. The fans don't.
Is this year's incarnation of the Habs the worst in franchise history? That was a question on TSN 690's morning show with Conor McKenzie, Rick Moffat, and Shaun Starr. To ask the question is to concede what we all know: this is a bad team with a terrible record. But is it really the worst team in franchise history?
Yes.
The Case for the 2017-18 Team
The Canadiens started the season with a 1-6-1 record, matching their worst eight-game start in 76 years. Not since 1941-42 has the team started a season so poorly. They have been shut out 11 times this season, the most in franchise history. Last week, against the rival Toronto Maple Leafs, the team allowed 26 shots in one period, again the most in franchise history. They have lost 23 road games in regulation, another franchise record. In a league where scoring is at a premium, the team's scoring differential is abysmal with 180 goals for and 224 goals against, which is on pace to be the worst in franchise history.
The stats provide one view, of course. An honest assessment of the roster provides another. The Canadiens lack talent at center and are slow on the blue line and there is no silver bullet in the pipeline.
Related: Canadiens' Disappearing Depth
Injuries and poor player management mean that the organization's best prospects, like Victor Mete, are in the Habs lineup.
Things are so bad, the Brampton Beast of the ECHL may be regretting their affiliation with Montreal. It has turned into a one-way deal with the Laval Rocket taking players to replace those called up to the Habs. The Rocket have not sent a skater to the ECHL since October and, as a result, the Brampton Beast are at the bottom of the North Division outside of the playoff picture.
Other Contenders
There are only two other teams in recent memory that could compete with this team for the dubious distinction of being the worst in franchise history.
2000-01
The 2000-01 team was another horrendous team. They finished in last place with a 28-40-8 record. They scored 206 goals and allowed 232. The franchise missed the playoffs for the third consecutive season while Saku Koivu and Oleg Petrov led the team with a measly 47 points each.
This is the team that many consider the worst in history and in terms of wins and losses it was. Like this year, the team suffered through injuries to key players with more than 500 man-games lost. The Habs dressed 42 different skaters and four different goalies in that season.
Unlike this year, however, injuries were not used as an excuse. Poor performance led to organizational changes. General Manager and Coach Rejean Houle and Alain Vigneault were fired early in the season and Andre Savard was made the new general manager and Michel Therrien became the head coach.
1994-95
In the shortened NHL lockout year, the Canadiens struggled and ended the season with an 18-23-7 record. Worse than that, they won only three of 24 games away from the Montreal Forum. The lack of offense was a key problem that season, prompting two significant trades.
The first, on Feb. 9, 1995, the Habs acquired forward Mark Recchi from the Philadelphia Flyers for Eric Desjardins and John LeClair. While Recchi was good, LeClair went on to become an All-Star power forward alongside Flyers superstar Eric Lindros.
The second occurred when Kirk Muller and defenseman Mathieu Schneider were traded to the New York Islanders for Pierre Turgeon and Vladimir Malakhov. It didn't work out. That year, the Habs missed the playoffs for the first time since 1970.
The Early 1980s?
Martin LeMay on TSN 690 suggested the early 1980s were tough years. While the Canadiens went from best in the league to merely average, these were far from bad teams. Despite the retirement of several key players, the Canadiens still won the Norris Division in 1980 amassing 107 points with a 47-20-13 record but lost in the second round of the playoffs.
In 1981, the Canadiens won their 7th straight division title with a 45-22-13 record but were beaten by an up and coming Edmonton Oilers team led by Wayne Gretzky. In 1982, the Habs again made the playoffs and again exited early. This was also the case in 1983, 1984 and 1985 before the Habs made the Stanley Cup Finals in 1986. They beat the Calgary Flames in 5 games to claim their 23rd Stanley Cup setting a professional team sports record for most championships won.
The idea that a team that makes the playoffs five years in a row is considered bad is laughable compared to today's rendition of the Canadiens franchise. I would laugh but I'm too busy crying.
Authorities say a military helicopter has crashed in southern Maryland; unclear whether there are injuries or deaths.
Check back for updates.
Want to be an extra in a Bradley Cooper remake of “A Star Is Born” starring Lady Gaga? If you're in the Palm Springs area and have some Western duds, you're in luck: The film will shoot on the Coachella grounds this week.
The casting call arrived via the official Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival app, which included an invitation to be an extra on Tuesday and Wednesday.
“Be in the audience as Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga films scenes on the actual Coachella stages. Help cheer and applaud their performances on camera,” reads the invitation, adding that the scenes for the two days involve a country-western concert. “All you Monsters that can attend should get decked out in your most comfortable denim & boots, throw on a Stetson (leave those pink Joanne hats at home) and come out to show your support!”
A $10 ticket is required, but all proceeds will go directly to Lady Gaga's charity, the Born This Way Foundation.
“A Star Is Born” will be the first film directed by the Oscar-nominated actor Cooper. Lady Gaga, who was already in Palm Springs for her Saturday headlining slot at Coachella, committed to the lead role last fall.
Under her given name, Stefani Germanotta, she'll star in the role played by Barbra Streisand in the 1976 film. Gaga will join actors Sam Elliott and Andrew Dice Clay in the Warner Bros. production, which is slated for a fall 2018 release.
Caption 'The Fate of the Furious' movie review by Justin Chang reviews "The Fate of the Furious," directed by F. Gary Gray and starring Vin Diesel, Charlize Theron, Dwayne Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez, Ludacris, Tyrese Gibson, Jason Statham, Kurt Russell, Scott Eastwood and Nathalie Emmanuel. Video by Jason H. Neubert Justin Chang reviews "The Fate of the Furious," directed by F. Gary Gray and starring Vin Diesel, Charlize Theron, Dwayne Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez, Ludacris, Tyrese Gibson, Jason Statham, Kurt Russell, Scott Eastwood and Nathalie Emmanuel. Video by Jason H. Neubert Caption 'The Fate of the Furious' movie review by Justin Chang reviews "The Fate of the Furious," directed by F. Gary Gray and starring Vin Diesel, Charlize Theron, Dwayne Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez, Ludacris, Tyrese Gibson, Jason Statham, Kurt Russell, Scott Eastwood and Nathalie Emmanuel. Video by Jason H. Neubert Justin Chang reviews "The Fate of the Furious," directed by F. Gary Gray and starring Vin Diesel, Charlize Theron, Dwayne Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez, Ludacris, Tyrese Gibson, Jason Statham, Kurt Russell, Scott Eastwood and Nathalie Emmanuel. Video by Jason H. Neubert Caption Emmy Chat: Why Minnie Driver's so committed to her 'Speechless' family Minnie Driver talks about her role as fearless mom Maya, showing disability on-screen and the irreverent comedy on "Speechless." Minnie Driver talks about her role as fearless mom Maya, showing disability on-screen and the irreverent comedy on "Speechless." Caption 'Ghost In The Shell' movie review by Justin Chang reviews "Ghost In The Shell," directed by Rupert Sanders, starring Scarlett Johansson, Juliette Binoche, Takeshi Kitano, Michael Pitt, Pilou Asbaek and Chin Han. Video by Jason H. Neubert. Justin Chang reviews "Ghost In The Shell," directed by Rupert Sanders, starring Scarlett Johansson, Juliette Binoche, Takeshi Kitano, Michael Pitt, Pilou Asbaek and Chin Han. Video by Jason H. Neubert. Caption PaleyFest 2017: Evan Rachel Wood of ‘Westworld' Evan Rachel Wood, who plays Dolores Abernathy on HBO's “Westworld,” discusses her character's direction at the end of Season One. Evan Rachel Wood, who plays Dolores Abernathy on HBO's “Westworld,” discusses her character's direction at the end of Season One. Caption PaleyFest 2017: James Marsden of ‘Westworld' James Marsden who plays Terry Flood on HBO's “Westworld,” talks about his hopes for what may come next for his character. James Marsden who plays Terry Flood on HBO's “Westworld,” talks about his hopes for what may come next for his character.
For tips, records, snapshots and stories on Los Angeles music culture, follow Randall Roberts on Twitter and Instagram: @liledit. Email: randall.roberts@latimes.com.
2018 COLORADO HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION BOYS SWIM-DIVE 5A STATE CHAMPIONSHIPS
Prelims – May 18th
Finals – May 19th
Veterans Memorial Aquatic Center, Thornton, CO
Short Course Yards
Results
TOP 5 TEAM SCORES
Regis Jesuit High School – 290.5 Fossil Ridge High School – 286 Cherry Creek High School – 208.5 Arapahoe High School – 198 Highlands Ranch High School – 169
Regis Jesuit snapped Fossil Creek's 3-year win streak at the CHSAA 5A Boys State Championships on Saturday, May 19th. Fossil Creek held the lead in team scoring by 1.5 points going into the final event, the 400 free relay, which they had the fastest prelims time in by almost 4 seconds. Regis Jesuit then came back in finals to shed a full 5 seconds off their prelims time to post a 3:02.67. The team of Ty Coen (46.79), Elliot Steinberg (45.34), William Goodwin (45.40), and Elijah Warren (45.14) managed to hold off a charging Danny Kovac (Fossil Ridge), who threw down an incredible 43.05 anchor split to bring Fossil Ridge into a 2nd place finish (3:03.00).
Kovac, who will be swimming for Mizzou in the Fall, also broke the overall CO state record in the 200 IM earlier in the meet. He posted a lifetime best of 1:46.27 to win by 1.95 seconds over William Goodwin. Kovac used a very fast front half of 49.32 (22.99/26.33) to establish a big lead that would not be overcome. Kovac also won the 100 fly in a lifetime best of 46.65, touching well over 2 seconds ahead of th rest of the field, and narrowly missing CLark Smith's CHSAA record of 46.54. That time marked Kovac's first 100 fly under 47 seconds. He was out fast – 22.10 – but his more impressive split was the 2nd 50, where he posted a 24.55, which was almost 2 full seconds faster than the next fastest 2nd 50 splits in the field.
Elijah Warren, who will be swimming for Arizona State in the Fall, picked up a pair of individual wins, coming in the 50 free and 100 breasts. In the 50, Warren went 20.68 to shed .06 seconds off his prelims time of 20.74, and setting a new personal best. Warren was a little off his prelims time of 54.76, which was just off the CHSAA record of 54.68, posting a 55.01 to win by .79 seconds over William Goodwin.
The Regis Jesuit boys 200 medley relays also broke the overall CHSAA record. The team of Ty Coen (22.99), Elijah Warren (24.39), Jackson Gurley (22.96), and William Goodwin (20.18) combined to post a 1:30.52 to break the previous record by .01 seconds. Warren and Goodwin had the fastest splits in thefield in their respective strokes.
Veteran actor reacts to indecent proposals
2 SHARES Share Tweet
ACTOR Daniel Fernando has revealed that he received indecent proposals after he debuted in the erotic drama film “Scorpio Nights” in 1985.
“Marami. Gays, babae. Kapag may mga pinupuntahan akong events, parties, nagbibigay ng calling cards. Tapos nagsasalita nang diretso,” said Fernando when he recalled the indecent proposals during an interview on “Tonight With Boy Abunda” on ABS CBN.
“Pwede bang makasama ka? Pwede bang maka-date ka? Pwede bang sa akin ka matulog? Something like that,” recalled Fernando, now vice mayor of Bulacan town.
But Fernando said that he would just ignore it. “Tinatawanan ko. Nahihiya ako. Hindi ko maintindihan. Wala lang. Ngi-ngiti lang ako and then hindi ko na kakausapin.”
“Inalok din ako ng isang artista na meron syang kilala na nasa abroad galing Hong Kong. Isang foreigner na gusto ako.
Napanuod ‘yung ‘Scorpio,' at one night daw. Gusto ako,” he said.
Directed by Peque Gallaga, the movie went on to become one of the controversial movies in local cinema because of its daring scenes. It also starred Anna Marie Gutierrez and Orestes Ojeda.
Fernando, 55, also remembered how he started in the movies.
“Schooling ako nun sa UE. Tapos na-discover ako (ng isang talent coordinator). Nag-audition kami. Tapos nakita ako ni Peque. ‘Yun na, direcho na. Nag-workshop kami ng mga one month. Lahat ng klase. Merong part ng nudity.”
Fernando said that he was already comfortable with his body because of the acting workshop. “Nanggaling ako sa workshop. Dumaan kami sa workshop. Pero kung wala kaming workshop, talagang maiilang ka,” Fernando said.
The actor-politician also took part in the Fast Talk portion of the late-night show.
Showbiz or politics: “Politics”
Yakap o Halik: “Halik”
Kung pulutan ka ano ka? “Palaka prito”
Huling bagay na ipinagdasal mo – “Health”
Sexiest woman in the Philippines – “Alice Dixson”
Sexiest part of your body: “Yung aking dibdib”
Lights on, Lights off – “On”
Sex or chocolates: “Sex s'yempre!”
Best time for sex – “Wow! Gabi!”
Related
comments
REUTERS: Formula E title contender Lucas di Grassi has been ruled out of this weekend's Le Mans 24 Hours sportscar race after breaking an ankle while playing a game of soccer.
The Brazilian told his Twitter followers on Wednesday that he needed surgery to a broken bone and had to obey medical advice.
The World Endurance Championship website said the injury happened in a game a week ago, before two Formula E rounds in Berlin last weekend.
It said he would be replaced by Italian Michele Rugolo.
A regular contender for the overall Le Mans LMP1 title in past years with Audi, finishing on the podium three times, Di Grassi had been due to race a Ferrari GT car this year.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The next Formula E race is in New York on July 15. Di Grassi is second in the electric series with 125 points, behind Switzerland's Sebastien Buemi on 157.
The Brazilian twice finished on the podium in Berlin and started one race from pole.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin in London, editing by Neville Dalton)
After their six-wicket victory at Durban, an upbeat Indian team travel to the Highveld, where they face a weakened South Africa in the second fixture of the six-match ODI series at Centurion.
Virat Kohli's team, for the first time in the ongoing tour, can be rightly be termed favourites to go 2-0 up come Sunday. While the rousing win at Kingsmead certainly would boost their spirits, it is also the fact the neither star batsman AB de Villiers nor captain Faf du Plessis will ply their services for the hosts at the Supersport Park, with the latter getting ruled out for the remaining limited-overs fixtures against the Indians.
Du Plessis's exit, the cause of which is believed to be a fractured finger that was sustained during the first one-dayer, comes as a massive blow for the Proteas, given the magnificent 120 that he produced in the series opener and the fact that he is a man in form at the moment. Take the dynamic leader of the equation, and the Proteas almost appear leaderless.
In the hour of crisis, the South African selectors have appointed young Aiden Markram as the stand-in captain for the remainder of the ODI series. Markram is relatively new to the international scene, having only made his international debut against Bangladesh a few months ago, and getting fast-tracked into captaincy might come across as quite the challenge to him.
While he does have the traits of a successful leader, having led the junior Proteas to title triump in the 2014 U-19 World Cup, captaining the senior team will be a different challenge altogether. The hosts will hope that the pressure of captaincy doesn't take a toll on his batting form, as he is already fighting for place in the limited-overs side.
Farhaan Behardien and Heinrich Klaasen have been called up to the side in the wake of du Plessis' and de Villiers' injuries, the latter getting his maiden Proteas call-up. Behardien has been having a superb run in the domestic one-day tournament, and is a favourite to get slotted into the middle-order for the second one-dayer. Titans wicket-keeper-batsman Klaasen's inclusion is being perceived as something of a wake-up call for the under-performing de Kock, so that the latter gets back among the runs before It's too late.
The Indian dressing room, on the other hand, would be a much more relaxed one at the moment, even though they still have a long way to go before they can fly back home with a trophy or two in hand. Kohli is back among the runs, having slammed his 33rd one-day ton at Durban, and is raring to top the batting charts in the ODI leg of the tour as well.
One of the biggest talking points of the first one-dayer was Ajinkya Rahane's well-paced innings of 79 batting at No 4. The Mumbai batsman has had to spend a lot of time warming the bench in the past, given the fact that he was considered a back-up opener to the in-form Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan. The team management's decision to re-slot the senior batsman at No 4 has paid the dividends for both the batsman and the team, and he will have to produce a couple of such knocks in the coming matches to make himself a first-choice for that position.
The decision to go with two wrist spinners at Durban also worked wonders for the Indians, as Kuldeep Yadav and Yuzvendra Chahal helped stem the flow of runs in the middle overs of the South African innings, which built pressure on the opposition batsmen and led to breakthroughs. The Centurion track was described as 'subcontinent-like' when the two teams met for the second Test, and even though the Proteas will persuade curator Bryan Bloy to make it more 'South African' in nature, the popular perception is that there will be a lot in the pitch for both batsmen and spinners.
The fact that is it hasn't quite rained in that part of the country, as well as the heat in and around Pretoria has contributed to the track hardening up, which could lead to the formation of cracks on the playing surface.
The defeat at this venue in the Test series might have left a bad taste in the mouth for the Indians, especially Kohli. With as many as two ODIs and a T20I scheduled to take place at this venue in the remainder of the tour, including the second ODI, the tourists need to put the loss behind and start off on a fresh note in their pursuit of toppling the Proteas off the No 1 rank. The hosts, on the other hand, will hope to witness Markram experiencing success as a leader in the highest form of the game, one that hopefully projects him as someone who can take over the baton from Faf in the future.
Squads:
India: Virat Kohli (c), Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane, Shreyas Iyer, Manish Pandey, Dinesh Karthik, Kedar Jadhav, MS Dhoni (wk), Hardik Pandya, Yuzvendra Chahal, Kuldeep Yadav, Axar Patel, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Jasprit Bumrah, Mohammed Shami, Shardul Thakur.
South Africa: Aiden Markram (c), Hashim Amla, Quinton de Kock (wk), JP Duminy, Imran Tahir, David Miller, Farhaan Behardien, Heinrich Klaasen, Morne Morkel, Chris Morris, Lungi Ngidi, Andile Phehlukwayo, Kagiso Rabada, Tabraiz Shamsi, Khayelihle Zondo.
Where: SuperSport Park, Centurion.
Time: 10 am local | 1.30 pm IST
AP
The NFL has no rule requiring players to stand for the national anthem. As a result, the NFL can do nothing to discipline players who chose not to stand.
On Monday, Commissioner Roger Goodell faced questions about the protests during a fan forum organized by the Cardinals.
“We have to understand there are people with different viewpoints,” Goodell said, via Mike Jurecki of Arizona Sports 98.7 FM. “The national anthem is a special moment to me. It's a point of pride. That is a really important moment. But we also have to understand the other side. People do have rights and we want to respect those.”
The protests began a year ago, due primarily to former 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick‘s concern regarding multiple incidents of police brutality against African-Americans and people of color. Early on, Kaepernick made compelling and persuasive remarks regarding the training and educational requirements for police officers, comparing them to the more stringent mandates of cosmetology licensing. Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett, opting to sit for the anthem in the aftermath of the horrific and shameful incidents in Charlottesville, Virginia, spoke in much broader terms about his concerns regarding segregation, riots, and oppression.
Whatever the reasons given for the protest, no one has yet to declare that the protests are intended to reflect anti-American, anti-military, or anti-police sentiments. As the events of the past two days have demonstrated, our nation has a shameful past on matters of race and a stunningly checkered present. Football players and other athletes are choosing that moment before a game not to protest what is good about America, but to bring attention to things that aren't, and that could be and should be improved.
Instead of immediately branding these men as something they're not, the more prudent approach is to understand why they're using that platform to give voice to causes that otherwise seem to be ignored or glossed over, possibly because they make people who aren't the subject of segregation, riots, and oppression uncomfortable.
Whatever the purpose for protesting during the anthem, the players have a right to do it, as Goodell has acknowledged. Of course, this doesn't change the fact that some NFL teams seem to believe they have a right to consider the exercise of those rights as the kind of “distraction” and/or “baggage” that will influence not employing a player whose skills aren't head and shoulders above his peers. Thus, until players like Colin Kaepernick can protest without worrying that doing so may be the difference between being employed and not employed, Goodell's assurance “[p]eople do have rights and we want to respect those” will be somewhat hollow and incomplete.
Mother, Mania, Murder, Manilow
BY SCOTT STIFFLER | You're in candid, charming, and proudly perverse company when watching a John Waters film with John Waters.
“Now this of course is one of my favorite scenes,” the writer-director notes on his audio commentary, just moments before Baltimore housewife Beverly Sutphin (Kathleen Turner) beats an annoying neighbor to death with a leg of lamb. “It has everything; murder, shrimping, dog abuse.”
Actually, the dog thing is up for interpretation.
“No,” he quickly course-corrects, “it wasn't dog abuse, basically, because you just put butter on your toes and a dog will lick your toes all night — one thing we discovered.”
Bonus content abounds on Blu-ray of John Waters' “Serial Mom”
That odd little tip is among the many amazing facts and enlightening anecdotes awaiting the discovery of fetish neophytes and Waters completists alike, when they spend a few hours soaking in the bonus content on the Blu-ray collector's edition of “Serial Mom” — just released from the Scream Factory imprint in time for, depending on her sense of humor, Mother's Day.
Before exploring other revelations peppered throughout the extras on that well-appointed release, this publication had to ask a tough, nagging question at the onset of our recent phone interview with the director who filmed such startling acts as anal stimulation via rosary beads (1970's “Multiple Maniacs”), feces ingestion (1972's “Pink Flamingos”), and puke (see most of his oeuvre). Are there, we asked of the “Serial Mom” scene with those buttered-up toes, other cinematic instances of canine-on-human-shrimping?
“There are a lot of shots where dogs shove their nose in someone's crotch,” Waters deadpanned, “but I don't know. There could be. But off the top of my head? My dog-shrimping history? I don't know that there's another one; but I could be proven wrong.”
No matter. “Serial Mom” can certainly claim its share of unique moments, as well as unprecedented elements for a John Waters film: first sets to be built from scratch (interiors for the Sutphin home), first use of a stuntman (the concert immolation scene), the highest budget ($13 million), and first casting of a mainstream Hollywood star in the lead female role. It's also the most amount of money the director ever laid out for music rights (more on that later).
Released in 1994, “Serial Mom” is Waters' sendup of suburban banality and true crime dramatizations. Turner, as the well-composed titular menace, bristles at the slightest indignity visited upon son Chip (Matthew Lillard as a blood-and-gore film fan), blossoming daughter Misty (Ricki Lake, who had launched a successful talk show in September 1993), and husband Eugene (Sam Waterston, giving a richly flummoxed performance familiar to fans of his work on the Netflix series “Grace and Frankie”).
“She's the Breck Girl gone crazy,” say Waters in a “making-of” featurette that's part of the Blu-ray package, commenting on Turner's cheerful but easily crossed mother — who secretly purchases books with titles like “Helter Skelter” and “Hunting Humans,” corresponds by cassette tape with Ted Bundy (Waters, in an uncredited voice-over), and phone pranks her divorced neighbor Dottie Hinkle (Mink Stole) into uttering obscenities.
“She thought she was doing the right thing,” Waters told us. “Serial Mom had the right morals, she was just… well, talk about a reactionary.”
Stopping short of condoning the ultimate punishment Sutphin doles out more times than you can count on one hand, the character's creator readily admitted, “I agree with some of the stuff Serial Mom does, like no white after Labor Day.”
Waters noted he's also in the “no velvet before Thanksgiving” camp, adding, “I'm right wing on fashion rules.”
Like wife-of-a-dentist Beverly, who makes a visiting detective spit out his gum, Waters told us, “I hate it. It makes me crazy if somebody's sitting next to me on a plane chewing gum. I feel like I could drag them off, like United Airlines. That's what I want to do when I see them, without asking them: just grab them by the feet, pull them right out of the chair and up the aisle, right to the jetway. Chew your gum there.”
Vivid daydreams of assault, righteous though they may be, seem to come easy to Waters, whose director's commentary to the film notes, “I have a huge true crime library, probably one of the better ones in America, and I thought, ‘God knows I know about this stuff.' But nobody had ever made a movie that I could think of where you rooted for the serial killer to kill more.”
Waters goes on to recall the casting of Patricia Hearst, as a juror who runs afoul of the aforementioned fashion stance regarding the seasonal shelf life of white. It's Hearst's second appearance in a Waters film (following 1990's “Cry-Baby”), and the bonus content includes the backstory of how they met. Waters, who attended her 1976 trial, opines on the etiquette of courtroom hag subculture, and Hearst recalls the phone conversation they had during the June 17, 1994 O.J. Simpson white Bronco chase.
What remains the most famous slow police pursuit in history happened just two months after the release of “Serial Mom” — which, longtime Waters ensemble member Mink Stole noted when we spoke with her by phone, contains an eerily predictive scene (the Sutphin family is followed by a phalanx of police cars as they slowly drive to from home to church).
“There's a shine on it,” Stole said of “Serial Mom,” which she called “polished in a way that none of his other films are. I watched it a couple of days ago for the first time in years and it holds up. There's not a wrong note or an extra beat; it just works. I think you can credit Kathleen for a lot of that,” Stole noted, “but you can also credit John” for “a gradual progression over the course of the years. I mean, we started out in eight millimeters, and now here we were in 35 millimeters and we had money! When we were making ‘Multiple Maniacs,' there was no money for reshooting. You had to remember your dialogue from beginning to end. With ‘Serial Mom,' we had the luxury of being able to afford retakes.”
Stole said her performance was also a dip into uncharted waters, so to speak. “This was the first movie where John would tell me to take it down,” she recalled, “which was interesting — and an unexpected challenge. What was wonderful about this movie was there's an element of restraint to it. Even the scene in the courtroom where I scream and lose control is not the same kind of lunacy as, say, ‘Desperate Living.' I was aware that the whole film was understated, which is a total departure for John.”
Stole was especially aware of abiding by that tone in the early phone prank scene, which sets up her Dottie Hinkle as innocent but easily goaded, while firmly establishing the cat and mouse sadism of its lead character. (Also notable in the commentary version of this scene is Waters' nod to 1959's “Pillow Talk” as the source of his affinity for the split screen technique.)
“People do like it,” Stole said of the foul-mouthed exchange, in which Sutphin masquerades as a phone company rep who requires Hinkle to use the obscene language she's been subjected to by her mysterious caller (Serial Mom, of course).
“I had to allow myself to be pulled into her sphere,” Stole recalled of working with Turner, “rather than her into mine, and that was great for me.”
A later scene, again with Turner as well as Mary Jo Catlett as nosy neighbor and fussy Franklin Mint Faberge Egg collector Rosemary Ackerman, was “like being shot out of a cannon,” Stole said. “I was working with two women I consider consummate professionals. I didn't want to be bad, and that made me nervous. But Dottie was a little stiff anyway. She had a personal rigidity, so I was able to incorporate that.”
Taking it down more than a few notches paid off. Waters, during the feature commentary version in which both he and Turner watch the film, said of Stole, “I think this is my favorite role she ever did, actually. … The very first day in rehearsal, when I heard Mink calling Kathleen a cocksucker in my living room, I knew my worlds had come together.”
Now back to the matter of what a $13 million budget can buy. That scene with Turner wailing on her neighbor with a leg of lamb (a favorite dish of Waters' mother) happens as the victim settles in to watch a VHS copy of “Annie,” which she's told video store clerk Chip Sutphin she won't be rewinding. The murderous deed happens to the tune of “Tomorrow,” which, on the director's solo commentary track, Waters pegged as costing $60,000-$70,000.
“I don't know why they just didn't say no,” he told us, about the process of acquiring music rights. “I've had many people say no before. They ask for content and I think, oh Christ, there it goes, they're going to say no. But I think they gave us a really high price, thinking we would say no, because not only do we murder the song, but Kathleen even kills a woman with a leg of lamb in beat with the music, in time. So I think it was worth the money.”
Also of note is the 1976 pop tune “Daybreak,” which Serial Mom sings along with during a high-stress driving situation.
“I just thought that Serial Mom would like Barry Manilow's music,” Waters told us. “I mean, I like it. But ‘Daybreak' was a mainstream, Middle America hit, and good for him! Barry thought it was funny. He was totally for it.”
On the commentary with Turner, Waters recalled, “Later, I got, from Barry, an application to get a Barry Manilow MasterCard.”
Pressed for details during our interview, Waters confirmed it wasn't mere junk mail, but a personal invite from Manilow himself.
“I don't know if it was a joke or not,” Waters said. “I didn't get one because I already had a MasterCard, but I should have. If I have one regret, it's that I didn't get a Barry Manilow MasterCard.”
The “Serial Mom Collector's Edition Blu-ray” ($34.93) is available now on retail shelves and via Shout! Factory's genre entertainment imprint, Scream Factory (shoutfactory.com). Bonus material includes two feature commentary tracks (one from Waters, one with Turner and Waters); a “making-of” featurette; a conversation with Waters, Stole, and Turner; a “Serial Mom: Surreal Moments” compilation of interviews with cast and crew; the original theatrical trailer; and the featurette “The Kings of Gore: Herschell Gordon Lewis and David Friedman.”
LONDON: European stock markets recovered on Wednesday (May 30) from a sharp sell-off the day before that was triggered by the political turmoil in Italy.
The euro pulled back from the 10-month lows against the dollar it had fallen to on Tuesday.
Advertisement
And sentiment was helped by a stronger showing on Wall Street, which bounced back on favourable corporate earnings reports.
Nevertheless, "risk aversion in financial markets is increasing in response to the Italian political crisis," said VTB economist Neil MacKinnon.
Craig Erlam at Oanda agreed.
"Political uncertainty in Italy continues to act as a drag on risk appetite," he said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
But "while the situation in Italy will likely continue to be a driver of market sentiment, there are plenty of data releases that will be of interest to traders today," the expert said.
At the end of the session, London's benchmark FTSE 100 index was 0.7 per cent higher and Frankfurt's DAX 30 gained 0.9 per cent, while the Paris CAC 40 slipped by 0.2 per cent.
Milan's FTSE MIB rallied more than 2.0 per cent, almost making up for the sharp drop on Tuesday.
Italy was plunged into crisis when President Sergio Mattarella at the weekend vetoed the nomination of a fierce eurosceptic as economy minister, leading the prime minister-designate to step down and upending a bid by the anti-establishment Five-Star Movement and the far-right League to form a government.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Mattarella then named Carlo Cottarelli, a pro-austerity economist formerly with the International Monetary Fund, to lead a technocrat government, with another election likely in a few months.
The chaotic developments have spooked investors, who fear another election will essentially be seen as a referendum on the country's future in the eurozone.
The turmoil has also sent the yield spread between Italy and Germany's 10-year bonds to around a five-year high, reflecting investor concerns.
Investors have been spooked also by US President Donald Trump's decision Tuesday to press ahead with imposing tariffs on Chinese goods despite ongoing talks to resolve the dispute.
The White House said the sanctions announced in March, largely focused on intellectual property, were still in the works and details would be announced in the coming month.
China said the move breached a consensus reached between Washington and Beijing earlier this month that called off a threatened trade war.
Key figures around 1600 GMT:
New York - Dow Jones: UP 1.2 per cent at 24,639.63 points
Milan - FTSE MIB: UP 2.0 per cent at 21,797.82 (close)
London - FTSE 100: UP 0.7 per cent at 7,689.57 (close)
Paris - CAC 40: DOWN 0.2 per cent at 5,427.35 (close)
Frankfurt - DAX 30: UP 0.9 per cent at 12,783.76 (close)
EURO STOXX 50: UP 0.4 per cent at 3,441.19
Tokyo - Nikkei 225: DOWN 1.5 per cent at 22,018.52 (close)
Hong Kong - Hang Seng: DOWN 1.4 per cent at 30,056.79 (close)
Shanghai - Composite: DOWN 2.5 per cent at 3,041.44 (close)
Euro/dollar: UP at US$1.1663 from US$1.1617
Pound/dollar: FLAT at US$1.3297
Dollar/yen: UP at 109.01 yen from 108.82 yen
Oil - Brent Crude: UP US$1.84 at US$77.33 per barrel
Oil - West Texas Intermediate: UP US$1.51 at US$68.25 per barrel
Getty Images
The Dolphins are among the teams with decisions to make about 2019 options for their 2015 first-round picks before May 3 and they've made their call.
According to multiple reports, the Dolphins have decided to exercise their option on wide receiver DeVante Parker‘s contract. The option, which is guaranteed against injury only, will come with a salary somewhere north of $9 million.
If Parker plays out the year under the option, it will set the Dolphins up to make another call on the long-term future of one of their wide receivers. They used the franchise tag on Jarvis Landry this offseason, but wound up trading him to the Browns rather than keep him in Miami. Landry later signed a five-year extension worth up to $75 million in Cleveland.
Parker hasn't matched the kind of production that Landry had during his time in Miami. Annual doses of offseason optimism about what Parker can do haven't stopped him from missing time with injuries and his 139 catches for 1,908 yards and eight touchdowns had him firmly in a complementary role for Landry the last few years.
There should be more opportunities available for Parker this season and making good on them would go a long way toward making Parker's stay in Miami a longer one.
While driving through Hollywood, staff photographer Boris Yaro spotted the truck carrying the Bob Hope bust westbound on Hollywood Blvd.
"I think this photo was made from my car," Yaro later said. "Then I got caught up in traffic and never got closer to the truck."
Yaro believes the image was taken with a 80-200mm zoom lens on a Nikon F2.
After retouching, the bust was transported to Palm Springs for Bob Hope's annual golf tournament.
To emphasize the Bob Hope bust, I cropped the image above from the vertical, reproduced below.
This post was originally published on Oct. 21, 2010.
Boris Yaro / Los Angeles Times Jan. 28, 1972: Original version of the image the bust of Bob Hope being transported through Hollywood. Jan. 28, 1972: Original version of the image the bust of Bob Hope being transported through Hollywood. (Boris Yaro / Los Angeles Times)
See more from the Los Angeles Times archives here
Wins & Losses
Bruce Mau Design, Hello Design, Northstar and Varick are launching a new collaboration called Yes and Company. It will be led by Michael Bassik as CEO. It's designed to be a vertically-integrated specialist network that allows the agencies to work separately as they currently do or to join forces to bring clients a scalable, cohesive and comprehensive strategic and creative offering. It aims to combine specialties in research, branding, digital, experience and media.
Up & Out
DDB San Francisco, part of Omnicom Group, announced that Sam Renbarger, formerly of Pereira & O'Dell, has joined the agency as group strategy director working on Symantec and Energy Upgrade California.
Industry vet and Crispin + TDA Boulder alum, Jim Moscou, has joined School as its first-ever chief strategy officer. Meanwhile, Jenny Max, a client strategist that has been with School for more than two years, has been promoted to strategy director. School is building out its strategy department now because it's going through an evolution itself – rebranding from purpose-led agency to a consultancy.
Chameleon Collective has taken on Ari Merkin, an inductee of the Advertising Hall of Achievement, as its newest partner and an executive creative director.
Neil Heymann is the new chief creative officer of Droga5 New York.
Rory O'Flaherty will head up a ten-person media team at Mekanism. He comes from Huge where he was VP of media.
ISLAMABAD - The sale of cars in the country rose to 172,911 units in July-May (2016-17) as compared to the sale of 167,507 cars during the same period of preceding year.
On yearly basis, the sale of 17,074 cars was recorded in May 2017, while during May 2016, its sale was recorded at 15,135 units.
According to breakup figures, the sale of Honda cars (City and Civic) made a record increase during the corresponding period as it went up to 34,896 units from 23,800 units in July-May (2015-16).
Similarly, the sale of Suzuki Swift also went up from 3,761 units last year to 3,871 units during first 11 months of current fiscal year.
However, Toyota Corrola witnessed negative growth during the period under review. Its sale declined to 49,667 units from 53,410 units during last year.
Suzuki Cultus witnessed sale of 15,238 units during July-May (2016-17) while during the same period of last year, the sale was recorded at 14,850 units.
The sale of Suzuki Wagon R jumped to 16,006 units from 8,490 units during same period of last year.
Likewise, the sale of Suzuki Mehran witnessed a slight increase as it went up to 35,252 units from 34,691 units during corresponding period of 2015-16.
Suzuki Bolan's sale however plunged from 28,298 units to17,980 units during first 11 months of current fiscal year.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
CHENNAI: Dinesh Karthik has been in and out of the Indian team for 14 years. On Sunday, though, his stunning eight-ball 29 helped India notch up a face-saving win against Bangladesh in the Nidahas Trophy final, bringing the spotlight firmly on the Tamil Nadu wicketkeeper batsman. Social media is abuzz that Karthik should now be considered as India's No. 1 option for the wicketkeeper-batsman's slot in limited-overs cricket, but that's probably a far cry.The Indian team management has made it quite clear that MS Dhoni , despite his recent struggles with the bat, is the No. 1 option for that slot going into the 2019 World Cup. Even so, Karthik, who has close to 20000 domestic runs across formats, can be considered a pure batsman in the limited-overs line-up.Dhoni, quite clearly, is no longer the huge hitter who could clear the boundaries towards the fag end of the innings with ease. He looks more comfortable pacing the innings at No. 5 and India are in search of a finisher. Karthik could be the answer.Skipper Rohit Sharma , under whom Karthik flourished in Mumbai Indians, had exactly that in mind when he held back the 'keeper for the final burst against Bangladesh. “He was upset with not being sent at No. 6, but he'll be quite happy now,” Rohit said.And it's not just about the odd T20. India's regular skipper Virat Kohli has given Karthik a few chances in ODIs and his scores in the last six innings read: 50*, 37, 64*, 4*, 0 & 26*. However, the 32-year-old didn't get a single game in the six ODIs in South Africa.That hasn't dampened his spirits, though, and in the last eight T20s he has played, Karthik has a strike-rate in excess of 150 and he has been dismissed only once.Former India cricketer Pravin Amre , who worked with the Tamil Nadu batsman in 2015, attributed this consistency to Karthik's “newfound calmness”. “This is a drastic change we see in Karthik. His calmness is so critical. We are seeing the best of Karthik now. He has to be a regular in the side from here on. He can be a floater anywhere and in recent times he has been a finisher. I think that's the biggest gain for India from this series,” Amre told TOI.Kris Srikkanth, former chairman of selectors, reckons Karthik has finally proved himself a match-winner on the big stage: “It was fantastic to see Karthik deliver under pressure. He was always a talented batsman with great potential. But now, he has showed his calibre as a finisher and match-winner in a high pressure situation at the right time.”Tamil Nadu coach Hrishikesh Kanitkar said that the domestic cricket grind and past experiences have combined to turn Karthik into an “all-condition” cricketer.“You don't become a matchwinner overnight. He has understood how to deal with pressure and analysed past experiences. The number of not outs he has in the last year underlines his mindset to see the side through. I don't think he should be warming the bench from now,” said Kanitkar.
Stephen LeDrew was so sure he would be back on his popular CP24 Live at Noon show he had two special guests lined up for the day of his return following a one-week suspension.
TTC boss Andy Byford and former foreign affairs minister Peter MacKay were booked. LeDrew had his coloured glasses and bow tie picked out.
The comeback didn't happen. Instead, the former Toronto mayoral candidate said he was called into an office where “people were snarling at me.” It turns out the suspension for his appearance on Tucker Carlson's FOX News program is not the only punishment.
“I was fired!” said LeDrew. “Fired for cause for violating our competition clause. Merry Christmas.”
The one-time Liberal Party of Canada's president found himself in trouble for a Dec. 1 appearance on Carlson's show where he defended a 15-letter acronym LGGBDTTTIQQAAPP being used in schools to protect against bullying.
LeDrew defended it to a skeptical Carlson but, he said, Bell Media decided to admonish him for “going on a competitor's show without prior permission.”
LeDrew, a lawyer, said he was asked to sign a letter of apology that would allow him back on the air Dec. 8.
“I was worried the wording of the letter would not let me talk to law society events or the kids at Ryerson, but I was going to sign it because I wanted to get back on,” he said.
But after pushing his comeback date to Dec. 11, he was kept from the studio when he arrived.
“I was later ushered out and not allowed to go and get my coat,” he said. “I guess I shouldn't have giggled when CTV news told me that Fox was its competition.”
LeDrew, who wished he could have said goodbye to his “terrific” colleagues, said he was also told he should not have done media interviews following his suspension.
Bell has not commented other than to say “Stephen LeDrew is no longer with Bell Media.”
It is disappointing because as a viewer and occasional guest, I think Stephen was very good at his job. He did it with professionalism, style and flare for seven years.
If there was a story in Toronto, LeDrew was the place on TV where viewers and newsmakers would go. That he could be dismissed over this seems over the top. How are characters and free thinkers to work in this kind of environment? TV and radio needs to be edgy and controversial instead of rigid and politically correct.
LeDrew doesn't believe this was because of his “fish or fowl, frick of frack” answer to explaining the definition of what a “two spirited” person is but more about appearing without clearance and “that I talked with the press.”
Ironic, he was talking about free speech on the show.
“They just want everybody under their thumb,” said LeDrew. “I am OK. It just means I will be able to spend more time with my family over the holidays.”
But after that, LeDrew said he will be available to do commentary.
“This is a serious time in our country,” he said. “I will still talk about important issues.”
Just not on CP24.
Poop is nothing short of a scientific miracle. It helps researchers understand the diets of dinosaurs, trace the spread of ancient disease and recognize parasitic infection. Fresh human feces also provide a direct window into our guts and the billions of microscopic critters therein, which help digest our food, protect us against disease and even influence our moods.
That was the idea that fueled Rob Knight, one of the founding fathers of gut microbiome research, to start the American Gut Project in 2012. Knight used the crowdfunding platform FundRazr to coax more than 9,000 volunteers into first donating money, and then sending samples of their poop through the mail. A team of researchers probed these samples for bacterial DNA to create the first census of the 40 trillion or so bacteria that call our guts their home.
What he learned was revealing. But no matter how informative, illuminating and downright cool poop was, there was still something missing: Where do all those trillions of bacteria come from? It turns out that, for the most part, we're voluntarily putting them in our mouths around three times a day. “You get an ongoing input of microbes from your environment—microbes you eat on food itself,” says Knight, who directs of the Center for Microbiome Innovation at the University of California at San Diego.
One of the mysteries sparked by the American Gut Project was why two people who claimed to follow the same diet could have such different communities of gut microbes. For the study, volunteers had self-reported their diets, with the vast majority following omnivorous diets, and less than 3 percent each identifying as "vegetarian" or "vegan." When researchers crunched the numbers, however, they found no discernible correlations between gut communities and those with seemingly similar diets.
“Diet categories were completely useless and didn't correlate with the microbiome communities at all,” says Knight.
In other words, the bacteria in poop were telling a different dietary story than the people making that poop. “You can be a vegan who mostly eats kale, or you can be a vegan who mostly eats fries,” Knight explains. “Those have totally different consequences for your microbiome.” Anyone can claim to be a die-hard adherent to the Paleo Diet, it seems, but the data suggested that the microbiome remembers all those midnight ice cream transgressions.
Knight realized that the results of the American Gut Project were missing something crucial: A deeper dive into the food we eat. Filling that gap would mean analyzing all the food going in, and seeing how it correlated with the patterns in what comes out. But while collecting poop was, in some sense, straightforward—each person "submits a sample" in the same way—tallying up all the many foods people eat would be a lot more ambitious.
Every time you ingest, you change the interior landscape of you. Because the bulk of bacteria in the microbiome live in the gut, when we feed ourselves, we feed them too. The chemistry of what we eat, be it fries or kale, alters the chemical landscape of the gut, making it more cozy for some and less hospitable for others.
It gets livelier. Because microbes are everywhere—on the table, in the air, on the surface of the muffin you left out on the counter—you're also adding new microbes to the mix. Some stroll through your body like polite tourists. Others stick around and interact with the locals. Every bite has the potential to alter the microbiome, and subsequently human health. But researchers have yet to figure out how.
That's because, until now, we didn't have the platform to embark on the massive endeavor of collecting and analyzing food samples from around the world. Thanks to the American Gut Project, Knight and his team aren't starting from scratch. Initially, the researchers plan to collect 1,000 samples from every brick of the familiar food pyramid, and then they'll open it for the public to submit whatever foods they're curious about.
Along with Knight, the food microbiome project is led by microbiologists Rachel Dutton, who uses cheese as a model system to understand microbial communities and fermentation, and Pieter Dorrestein, who studies the chemistry of biological interactions between microbes, both at the Center for Microbiome Innovation. They're aiming to launch this crowd-sourced initiative before the end of the year.
“We know about calorie count, and about different food groups, but the whole world of the molecules and the microbes in our food is a black box,” says Julia Gauglitz, a post-doctoral researcher at the center who will direct the project. As the old adage goes, “we are what we eat,” she says. And yet, when you get down to the microscopic level, “we know very little about what we're consuming.”
The other “black box” researchers want to investigate is food's chemical composition. It turns out there's a whole lot more than what's listed on the Nutrition Facts label: With conventional techniques, only fats, sugars and vitamins can be measured, “but that's only a small fraction of the total weight of food,” Dorrestein says. We could be overlooking novel antioxidants, cancer-fighting compounds or even stowaway antibiotics.
By using mass spectrometers—basically fancy scales that are precise enough to weigh individual molecules—Dorrestein can deduce the chemical composition of food at a level never before achieved. As the food samples roll in, Gauglitz will be waiting in the lab. She'll take, say, a granola bar, extract all of the genetic material from the microbes colonizing it, and then use DNA sequencing to figure out the critters' identities.
She'll then run a bite of that granola bar through the mass spectrometer to tease apart every single molecule that it's made of. In the end, she'll be left with a very, very detailed granola bar recipe. Those molecules make up the landscape where food microbes live, and likely influence who's there and what they do.
I asked Gauglitz how she will distinguish between the chemical composition of the microbes living on the granola bar and the chemicals made by the microbes. “I would shift your thinking a little bit,” Gauglitz says, her voice growing philosophical. “What is intrinsically in the granola bar are also microbial metabolites.” Put another way, the granola bar is the microbes.
Everything we eat is the cumulative product of the chemistry and microbes in the soil where it was grown, the factory where it was processed, and whatever you touched right before you ate it. Why is that important? Ultimately, the team hopes, demystifying the microbial patterns in our food will help us better engineer our diets to improve our health and ward off disease.
Knight draws a historical parallel to the discovery of essential nutrients. In the last century, researchers figured out that industrially processed foods had become nutrient-depleted. By artificially adding vitamins and minerals back in, deficiency diseases like rickets and beriberi were largely eliminated from the Western world. Similarly, understanding the health effects of the microbiome could allow us to engineer those missing microbes back into our meals.
“It's fairly likely that our modern lifestyles are stripping out a whole lot of live microbes that we need to maintain health,” says Knight. “Getting an understanding of that could be as important as the understanding that vitamin C is necessary and making sure that everyone got enough of it.”
The team has already picked out 1,000 foods for their initial survey, including staples like bread and cheese. “We want to include raw food ingredients, any kind of fruit or vegetable, meats, snacks, baby food,” Gauglitz says. But they also want to compare microbial communities in foods produced by organic and conventional farming, as well as look deeper into products that rely on microbial fermentation, like coffee, chocolate and sausage.
The project could also solve some of the medical mysteries raised by the previous microbiome research. For example, some of the tests in the American Gut Project sifted through each fecal sample for trace amounts of antibiotics. Strangely, of the people who had detectable antibiotics in their samples, nearly half of them had reported taking no antibiotics in the past year.
Dorrestein believes these are second-hand antibiotics we absorb from the food we eat, additives or things left over from livestock feed. This is worrisome, because their presence could lead to the spread antibiotic-resistant bacteria. By teasing apart the chemistry of each sample, the team will be able to figure out if he's right, and start figuring out what these leftover drugs could be doing to our guts.
Appreciation for the power of the microbiome is growing, thanks in part to initiatives like the American Gut Project and books like Ed Yong's I Contain Multitudes. There's even a burgeoning field dedicated to the microbiome of the built environment and how our microscopic roommates living in the air and on inanimate objects interact with us. Humans aren't unique in this regard; studies of microbiomes in critters from coral reefs to honeybees show that the health of any organism is intimately tied to the microbes that call it home.
As a result, microbes are starting to turn around their reputation. No longer are they merely menaces in a germ-averse culture. Within the past decade, “nutritionists recognized the importance for gut health and human health to have healthy microbes in our large and small intestines,” says Helena Pachón, a senior nutrition scientist at Emory University who is not involved in the food microbiome project.
Pachón points out that, today, those historic deficiency diseases that Knight refers to have been surpassed by 21st century afflictions like obesity, diabetes and heart disease. “There's a term called ‘globesity',” says Pachón. “The potential that microbes could have something to do with this is completely unexplored, and it could be that they're highly related.”
Knight agrees. “It would be amazing to come up with a way through food to eliminate them in just the same way that those chronic diseases a century ago have been,” he says. To do so, "we need the help of thousands of people to pull it all together.”
Sara Paretsky is often given credit for breaking new ground in the mystery genre with the introduction of her female private-eye protagonist, V.I. Warshawski, in 1982's Indemnity Only. Serious Paretsky fans were rewarded just last year with the eighteenth in the series, Fallout.
But the casual reader may not know that Paretsky is also credited with transforming mystery writing and publishing in general. How? By creating opportunities for many other women mystery writers through the organization of Sisters in Crime, today a national organization of more than 3,800 members — including myself — that's celebrating its 30th anniversary.
“Sisters” as it is known, or SinC (“sink”), is dedicated to the ongoing advancement, recognition, and professional development of women crime writers. (If you're wondering, yes, men are welcome in the group. They're known as Misters.)
The group has more than fifty chapters around the country, including Sisters in Crime Chicagoland, which will mark the national organization's 30th anniversary with an interview of Paretsky I'm facilitating this Saturday, Oct. 7, 11 a.m. at Morton Grove Public Library (a few reservations may be available).
The origin story of Sisters began in 1986 when, at the first-ever conference on Women in the Mystery, put together by BJ Rahn at Hunter College, Paretsky spoke on the growing use of graphic sadism against women in mysteries. “Remarks I made at the conference set off a firestorm around the mystery world,” Paretsky said in an interview about the group's history. “Women began calling me from all over the country with their personal histories of treatment/mistreatment.”
Also troubling: women writers were not being recognized with awards or given nearly the coverage in review publications that their male counterparts have enjoyed. Paretsky convened a meeting at the 1986 Bouchercon World Mystery Convention, the largest annual gathering of crime writers and readers (in Baltimore that year), to establish the new organization. Paretsky became the founding president. In the last thirty years, many women crime writers have stepped forward to help lead the way, including Chicago crime writers Barbara D'Amato and Libby Fischer Hellmann, who have both served as national president of Sisters in Crime.
Ahead of SinC Chicagoland's celebration of that event thirty years ago, I asked Paretsky a few questions about the early days of Sisters in Crime.
Lori Rader-Day
What were the difficulties of starting the organization? Where did you get unexpected help? Or, problematically, where did you find unexpected obstacles?
Sara Paretsky
When we started Sisters in Crime it was still a time where women felt doors opening and a great sense of possibility, so the only difficulties I remember are the ones of fumbling our way towards an accomplishable mission and trying to start a national organization with limited resources. Unexpected help came from people like Dorothy Salisbury Davis and Mary Higgins Clark, who both thought we had an important mission. By lending their names to our membership we were able to reach a larger audience more quickly than we would have otherwise.
Unexpected obstacles came from other crime writers, women as well as men who accused us of advocating censorship. For some reason wanting more seats at the table for women translated in their minds as taking seats away from men, whereas we thought it as adding more leaves to the table. My own agent, Dominick Abel, was enormously supportive and ran a certain amount of interference for me. An undersung hero of Sisters was Don Sandstrom, of blessed memory, who was my personal champion in the fanzines of that era against accusations of censorship.
Lori Rader-Day
At what point did you begin to understand the scope of what you started with Sisters in Crime? Can you think of a particular moment when you realized, “this is going to be huge”?
Sara Paretsky
In the beginning we were focused on solving specific problems, primarily having to do with inclusion in reviews and shelf space in libraries and bookstores. The response of readers and booksellers to our Books in Print [a print publication showcasing women crime writers the group produced for a decade] showed that we were meeting a deep need for books with women heroes and credible women characters. I don't think I had a “this is huge” moment as much as thinking, we're doing something really important.
The “huge” moment came at the New Orleans Bouchercon [last fall] when I saw the great breadth and depth of issues in the writing world that Sisters currently addresses. The organization is committed to service, diversity, and the written word in a way that reflects my earliest dream but I never imagined the range of activities the organization currently undertakes.
Lori Rader-Day
Can you tell us a few other moments through the thirty years where you have been proud of the sisters?
Sara Paretsky
There are many things that I love, including the pre-Bouchercon writing seminar, the Eleanor Taylor Bland scholarship, the presence at American Library Association and Book Expo America conferences. I'm sorry that I can't attach names to these initiatives. Carolyn Hart, Nancy Pickard, Linda Grant and Susan Dunlap were all important early leaders of the group. Nancy helped us pass the rockier early shoals when we faced pushback from some of the mainstream publishers and fanzines. Carolyn, Linda, and Susan, along with Margaret Maron and Sharyn McCrumb helped also with some of the key early projects such as Books in Print and Brazen Hussies. I always worry that in naming some I'm forgetting other equally important figures so my apologies if I've done that.
Lori Rader-Day
The work isn't done by far. What do you think are the goals of the next thirty years for Sisters in Crime and for the mystery community at large?
Sara Paretsky
I'm not a chess player, I don't know how to think moves ahead for three years let alone thirty years, especially not for an industry in as much flux as publishing. I hope that Sisters will continue its strong focus on diversity, on libraries, and on nurturing all voices but most especially un- and under-heard voices. I hope that we will be open to change and continue to be in the vanguard of First Amendment advocates.
Lori Rader-Day
Just for fun… How have you changed in the last thirty years?
Sara Paretsky
I don't think that I'm much different today than I was thirty years ago except that I don't have, as Tennyson put it, “the strength that in old days moved heaven and earth.” I believed then, as I do now, in Florynce Kennedy's mantra of “don't agonize, organize.” If people just want to whine and don't want to work on change I get pretty cranky.
I've tried over times to scale back my wishes for big change, to learn from people like Ruth Bader Ginsburg that step-by-step change is easier to manage and has fewer unintended consequences. In fact, though, I'm always impatient and always wanting big change. I no longer eat meat but I still consume my weight in chocolate every day and hope to do for the next thirty years.
A full history of Sisters in Crime is captured on the group's site.
Help the Chicago Review of Books and Arcturus make the literary world more inclusive by becoming a member, patron, or sponsor. Each option comes with its own perks and exclusive content. Click here to learn more.
- NiMet has predicted cloudy weather conditions over the central states of the country on Wednesday morning
- It also predicted day and night temperatures in the range of 33 to 41 and 25 to 28 degrees Celsius respectively
- The agency predicted that the southern states would experience cloudy conditions with chances of isolated thunderstorms over Ogoja, Ikom, Obudu
The Nigerian Meteorological Agency (NiMet) has predicted cloudy weather conditions over the central states of the country on Wednesday morning with chances of localised rain showers over Abuja, Minna, Bida, Ilorin, Lokoja, Mambilla and Jalingo axis.
NiMet's weather outlook by its central forecast office in Abuja on Tuesday also predicted day and night temperatures in the range of 33 to 41 and 25 to 28 degrees celsius respectively.
READ ALSO: How Dino Melaye escaped and how we rearrested him - Police
It added that places like Yola, Jos, Kaduna and Makurdi axis were expected to be under the influence of localised thunderstorms during afternoon and evening hours.
The agency predicted that the southern states would experience cloudy conditions with chances of isolated thunderstorms over Ogoja, Ikom, Obudu and environs in the morning hours.
It also predicted isolated thunderstorms over the southwest and coastal axis during the afternoon and evening hours with day and night temperatures of 32 to 35 and 21 to 26 degrees Celsius respectively.
According to NiMet, Northern states will experience partly cloudy to cloudy conditions in the morning hours with chances of localised thunderstorm over Maiduguri and Kebbi axis.
PAY ATTENTION: Read the news on Nigeria's #1 news app
“Northern States are expected to have day and night temperatures in the range of 43 to 43 and 26 to 30 degrees celsius respectively.
“With moisture as far as the extreme north, thunderstorms are probable across the country within the next 24 hours,” NiMet predicts.
Victims of Lekki flood rendered homeless, jobless speak to NAIJ.com TV.
[embedded content]
Source: Naija.ng
Posted by Curtis Crabtree on April 18, 2017, 12:28 AM EDT
The Denver Broncos and San Francisco 49ers may both have new coaching staffs this season but they will continue a tradition from the past several seasons.
The Broncos announced on Monday that they will have joint practice with the 49ers this August. It's the third straight year the two teams have met up prior to their preseason meeting for practices against each other.
The Broncos hosted the 49ers for practice each of the last two years. This time they'll be traveling to Santa Clara.
It's the fourth straight season the Broncos have held joint practice with another franchise. The Houston Texans also traveled to Denver for preseason practices in 2014.
The 49ers and Broncos are scheduled to play in Week 2 of the preseason.
BANGKOK: Thailand's prime minister and junta chief Prayuth Chan-ocha will visit the White House in October, Thailand's foreign minister said on Tuesday (Aug 15), adding trade and security would be on the agenda, the latest sign of warming ties between Bangkok and Washington.
Last week U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson paid a visit to Thailand - the highest level visit by a U.S. official since the military took power in a 2014 coup.
Tillerson's trip and Prayuth's invitation from U.S. President Donald Trump to visit the White House are the latest sign that Bangkok and Washington are re-establishing normal diplomatic relations following the coup.
"There will be discussions with President Trump about trade, investment, military security and the regional situation which is a big issue," Thai foreign minister Don Pramudwinai told reporters.
The Thai government had previously said the visit would take place in July.
A spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in Bangkok said he had no new information on Prayuth's visit to the White House, which follows an invitation extended by Trump to Prayuth during an April telephone call between the two.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We look forward to the Prime Minister's visit to Washington, DC. We continue to seek a mutually agreeable day for the prime minister's visit to the White House," spokesman Steve Castonguay told Reuters.
Tillerson's priority has been urging Southeast Asian countries to do more to cut funding streams for North Korea as tensions mount between the United States and North Korea.
The United States has said it believes North Korean front companies are active in Thailand and is trying to encourage the Thais to shut them down.
Tillerson, however, made no public comment on North Korean firms during his 5-hour stay in Bangkok where he met with Prayuth.
Don said the issue was not specifically raised during Tillerson's visit.
"The United States has not pressured Thailand to shut North Korea business," Don said.
"The secretary's visit discussed broad issues."
A Lindsay man faces weapons charges after a police officer intervened in an altercation involving a hatchet last Friday.
City of Kawartha Lakes Police say an undercover officer was travelling on Russell Street West when he noticed an altercation between a pedestrian and the driver of a pickup truck.
Police say the officer saw the pedestrian strike the driver and then produced a hatchet and threatened the motorist.
READ MORE: Omemee teen arrested after Peterborough man's face shattered in assault
“The officer immediately intervened and arrested the pedestrian who was still armed with the hatchet,” police stated on Wednesday.
Jakob Manning, 23, of Lindsay, was charged with assault, assault with a weapon and possession of a weapon for a dangerous purpose.
He will appear in court in Lindsay on June 28.
Police are seeking witnesses to the incident and are asking anyone with information to contact Det. Const. Mark Donaldson at 705-324-6307 ext. 524 or mdonaldson@klps.ca or call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477.
DENVER (AP) Taylor Swift won $1 and long-awaited vindication after a jury decided that a radio host groped her during a pre-concert photo op four years ago.
After a weeklong trial over dueling lawsuits, jurors determined that fired Denver DJ David Mueller assaulted the pop star by grabbing her backside during a backstage meet-and-greet. The six-woman, two-man jury also found that Swift's mother and radio liaison were within their rights to contact Mueller's bosses.
Mueller sued the Swifts and their radio handler, Frank Bell, seeking up to $3 million for his ruined career.
Just before closing arguments, the judge dismissed Taylor Swift from Mueller's lawsuit, saying he had failed to prove that she sought to get Mueller fired or had any reason to believe that someone else may have assaulted her. U.S. District Judge William Martinez also drastically reduced the amount Mueller could collect.
The singer-songwriter said in her countersuit that she wanted a symbolic $1 and the chance to stand up for other women.
Testimony showed that Swift reported the incident to her mother and others on her team, but that she never sought any specific action regarding Mueller.
From the start, Swift's side portrayed the encounter as a clear case of sexual assault, even though they never reported it to police. Her mother tearfully testified that she asked Bell to reach out to Mueller's employers at country station KYGO-FM instead because they wanted to handle the matter quietly and avoid exposing the singer-songwriter to publicity.
Bell contacted a station vice president and asked for an investigation of Mueller's conduct. He also sent the station executive a photo taken of Swift, Mueller and Mueller's then-girlfriend at the meet-and-greet.
In a fiery hourlong stint on the witness stand last week, Swift blasted a low-key characterization by Mueller's attorney, Gabriel McFarland, of what happened. While Mueller testified he never grabbed Swift, she insisted she was groped.
“He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him,” Swift testified.
“It was a definite grab. A very long grab,” she added.
Mueller emphatically denied reaching under the pop star's skirt or otherwise touching her inappropriately, insisting he touched only her ribs and may have brushed the outside of her skirt as they awkwardly posed for the picture.
That photo was virtually the evidence besides the testimony. In the image shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released, Mueller's hand is behind Swift, just below her waist. Both are smiling. Mueller's then-girlfriend is standing on the other side of Swift.
Swift testified that after she was groped, she numbly told Mueller and his girlfriend, “Thank you for coming,” and moved on to photos with others waiting in line because she did not want to disappoint them.
But she said she immediately went to her photographer after the meet-and-greet ended and found the photo of her with Mueller, telling the photographer what happened.
Andrea Swift testified that she asked Bell to call Mueller's employers. They did not call the police to avoid further traumatizing her daughter, she said.
“We absolutely wanted to keep it private, but we didn't want him to get away with it,” Andrea Swift testified.
Bell said he emailed the photo to Robert Call, KYGO's general manager, for use in Call's investigation of Mueller. He said he didn't ask that Mueller be fired but that “appropriate action be taken.”
The former Shakhtar Donetsk attacker is now without a club after his five-year deal in Ukraine expired.
The 25-year-old is weighing up his options as he seeks a new challenge.
And a number of clubs across Europe have been sounded out over potential interest.
West Ham and Chinese Super League side Jiangsu Suning are said to have made offers to Bernard.
But the most high-profile approaches appear to have come from Premier League big boys Arsenal and Liverpool.
The two English giants have made enquiries, according to Brazilian outlet UOL, with Bernard available on a free transfer.
After a month-long search for a missing 34-year-old woman, her remains were last week retrieved from a 25-meter deep borehole at Mowana cattle post near Maun.
Confirming the incident in an interview, Assistant Superintendant Chenamo Orateng of Maun Police, revealed that they received a report from a reliable source that lead them to the scene.
“We found a decomposed body dumped in a borehole which was confirmed by the relatives of the deceased to be of the woman whom they reported missing early last month,” he said.
Orateng said it took them hours to finally remove the decomposed body from the deep dry borehole.
Meanwhile, Orateng said they were looking for a 30-year-old man of Bombadi Ward in Maun who is presumed to be the deceased's boyfriend.
“We are looking for him to help us with investigations as he was last seen with the deceased heading to Mowana Cattle post where the body was dumped,” said Orateng.
He said the search has since intensified and that the man's do not know his whereabouts.
The body, according to the police, has since been taken to Letsholathebe Hospital mortuary for pathology examination.
It'll be much easier to watch the Super Bowl online for free this year.
NBC won't require proof of a cable or satellite TV subscription, meaning that anyone in the U.S. can watch the game online. Just fire up the NBC Sports app on a tablet or streaming TV device or watch on NBCSports.com or NBC.com.
On phones, you'll need an app from the NFL or Yahoo Sports. However, you don't have to be a Verizon customer to watch the game on mobile. A new rights deal means that customers of Verizon's rivals will be able to watch, too.
NBCSports.com, YouTube and iSpot.tv will showcase ads from the Super Bowl, so you can catch up if you miss them during the game.
Mexico's president-elect, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, is not closed to the idea of selling opium for pharmaceutical use, a senior aide said on Wednesday, a sign of the deep changes the next government is considering in the war on drugs.
MEXICO CITY: Mexico's president-elect, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, is not closed to the idea of selling opium for pharmaceutical use, a senior aide said on Wednesday, a sign of the deep changes the next government is considering in the war on drugs.
"Why not sell it to pharmaceutical companies?" said Olga Sanchez, a former Supreme Court judge who is the incoming president's pick to run the interior ministry.
Advertisement
She said the next president, a 64-year-old former mayor of Mexico City, supported a public consultation on the possibility of regulating opium and decriminalising marijuana.
Lopez Obrador did not take a clear stance on decriminalising drugs before Sunday's election, but says he will try out new approaches to tackling Mexico's violence, including possible amnesty for some cartel employees.
The United States has been engulfed by an epidemic of opioid addiction in recent years that has led to tens of thousands of overdose deaths. The Drug Enforcement Administration says 93 percent of the heroin on U.S. streets is produced in Mexico.
In Mexico, the battle for control of heroin production and trafficking is held partly responsible for the country's record violence, which led to nearly 30,000 murders last year.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Regulation of opium poppy farming for morphine production is a model used in Turkey and India, among other countries, but some experts believe changes in the market thanks to the rise of synthetic opiates make it hard to achieve.
To legally grow and export opium poppies for painkillers, Mexico first would need authorization from the International Narcotics Control Board (INCB), a United Nations body.
Lopez Obrador takes office in December. The current government also explored regulating poppy production to make pharmaceutical opiates.
Lopez Obrador upturned Mexico's political status quo in Sunday's election with more than half the country voting for him, and his coalition will have a majority in Congress, projections show, ending 89 years of rule by just two parties.
Sanchez said the newcomers were also exploring decriminalising marijuana for recreational use, saying it no longer made sense for Mexican authorities to engage in a violent struggle against the drug when Canada and several U.S. states had adopted more lenient policies.
"What are we thinking? Tell me. Killing ourselves. Really, keep on killing when ... North America is decriminalising?" she told W Radio.
Sanchez said any such move would be in parallel to rehabilitation programs and strict punishments for anyone who sold drugs to children.
(Reporting by Frank Jack Daniel and Dave Graham in Mexico City; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Teachers at two Aldershot schools said a new project to increase pupils' safety is already proving to be a success.
Talavera infant and junior schools have launched a ‘park and stride' scheme encouraging parents to drop off and pick up their children from the nearby High Street multi-storey car park.
In a bid to end congestion outside the schools in Gun Hill, they have reached an agreement with Rushmoor Borough Council, which owns the car park.
It means that parents of Talavera pupils can apply for a free sticker allowing them to use the car park without charge during morning and afternoon school-run times.
The children will be led between the school and the car park by teachers in a safe convoy.
The scheme was officially launched on Monday (February 13) with the help of Basil the Bird, the mascot of Hampshire County Council's safer school routes team.
Talavera Junior School deputy headteacher Danielle Butler, who helped to set up the scheme, said the current situation outside the schools was dangerous as parents tried to turn their cars while pupils were crossing the road.
“Parents park on the zig-zags and the double yellow lines,” Mrs Butler said. “We've had a couple of near misses involving children.
"This scheme is about making the journey to school as safe as possible for our children.”
Mrs Butler said many families live nearby and already walk to school. The new scheme is aimed at others who drive from as far as Brookwood to drop off or collect their children.
(Photo: Steve Porter (TMS))
In the run-up to its launch, pupils were trained as "road safety auditors" and went out with teachers to find the safest route between the school and the car park.
Parents displaying a sticker can use the High Street car park for free from 8.30am-9.15am and from 3pm-3.45pm Monday to Friday.
However, the schools have stressed that the agreement only covers the school run and sticker-holders must not use them to go shopping.
Mrs Butler said that the safety message was spreading quickly among parents and that teachers were encouraged to see there were no cars parked on the zig-zag lines outside the schools on Monday morning.
She added: “Having pupils crossing the road between parked cars is not appropriate, so park and stride will make things much safer.”
Parents who wish to apply for a park and stride sticker should contact the office of Talavera Junior School on 01252 322156 or email office@talaverajunior.co.uk.
An international Inuit group is angry they weren't informed that a rocket stage likely containing highly toxic fuel is set to splash down in Arctic waters they routinely hunt for food.
Okalik Eegeesiak, of the Inuit Circumpolar Commission, said both the federal government and the European Space Agency again failed to inform Inuit in Canada and Greenland about the falling debris.
“Again, we had no knowledge of this and were not included in what is happening in our areas. Our communities are hearing through the media about what is happening.”
READ MORE: Toxic rocket set to hit Arctic waters is major concern: Nunavut
On Wednesday, a Russian rocket bearing a European environmental monitoring satellite is scheduled to launch.
The second stage of the rocket is expected to fall into the waters of Baffin Bay, outside Canada's territorial waters but within its exclusive economic zone as well as the purview of the Arctic Waters Pollution Prevention Act.
The rocket is a re-purposed Soviet-era SS-19 ballistic missile, fuelled by hydrazine.
Hydrazine is highly carcinogenic and so toxic nearly every space program in the world has moved away from it.
WATCH BELOW: Video shows Russian military accidentally launch rockets at spectators during military games
However, the old SS-19s are economically attractive, said Michael Byers, a professor of international law who has studied the issue.
“These are leftover from the Cold War,” he said. “They're free as a result.”
The second stage of an SS-19 could have as much as a tonne of leftover hydrazine when it hits the waves.
READ MORE: Canada wants answers as Russian rocket set to fall into Arctic waters
Officials with the agency say the fuel burns up before it hits the Earth. But studies at Russian launch sites have reached
different conclusions.
Eegeesiak points out the stage will fall into the North Water Polynya, the most productive and biodiverse place in the Arctic
seas.
Whales, seals, polar bears and walrus are found there in large numbers and Inuit from both Canada and Greenland hunt frequently there.
WATCH BELOW: Video shows new nuclear weapons, submarines, rockets unveiled by Russia
“When the weather is clear, they go out for the chance of coming back with lunch and dinner,” she said. “(We've) been very concerned about cumulative impacts these launches will have on our communities and food sources.”
There have been 11 such splashdowns over the past 15 years and Inuit have protested them before.
That Wednesday's launch was again scheduled without letting local people know mocks federal promises of Indigenous consultation, Eegeesiak said.
“We don't see it here,” she said. “Protection of marine waters is also not evident here.”
Canada is an associate member of the European Space Agency and routinely contributes more than $20 million a year to its budget.
That, say federal documents, “allows Canada to be part of the (agency's) decision-making process.”
Eegeesiak said she doesn't see any evidence Canada was using that influence to protect Inuit interests.
“We are expressing our frustration,” she said.
The splashdown waters are so important that Inuit from Canada and Greenland have been meeting to develop a joint plan for the area.
“We'd like to lead the management of the area,” said Eegeesiak. “We'd like to work with our respective governments to push for no rocket launches into the area.”
The federal government did not reply to a request for comment.
ZANESVILLE, Ohio- The Zanesville Veterans Appreciation Foundation is holding multiple events throughout the year to say thank you to everyone who fought for the U.S.
The first event will be a free breakfast this weekend for all current and retired military. The breakfast will be at Eagles on Saturday March 24th from 8 to 11 am. Green Valley Golf Course General Manager Steve Galloway said giving food to the military is just a great way to say thank you.
“We just wanted to do something for the veterans and give back to them. The sponsors around Zanesville have just got on board with it and it's grown and it's just going to keep growing. You can't say enough giving back to Veterans because they deserve it so much,” said Galloway.
Galloway said giving food isn't the only service the veterans appreciation foundation provides. There will also be Flags of Honor at Zanesville High School, as well as multiple fundraising events in June.
“Sunday it culminates out here with the golf outing and Fink's Harley-Davidson is giving away a bike that day,” said Galloway.
Galloway said he is hoping for a packed house at the Eagles on Saturday March 24th, so as many veterans as possible can receive the thanks they deserve.
Bhubaneswar: A Married woman from Jharpara area today lodged a complaint at Mahila police station here that a priest from Jharpara area is blackmailing her on the basis of an obscene video he recorded allegedly after drugging her.
As per a complaint lodged by the victim, the priest, Saroj Kumar Dash, used to visit her house to perform puja at frequent intervals and a friendly relationship had developed between them. As the woman needed some money, she had mortgaged gold ornaments with the priest.
When the woman went to his house for mortgaging her gold ornaments, Dash offered her a spiked drink.
After consuming the drink, the woman fell unconscious. She complained that the accused molested her taking the opportunity and recorded the act with a mobile phone.
The complainant further alleged that the priest then started forcing her to keep physical relationship with him and uploaded the video on social media after she rejected his demands.
Police have started investigation into the incident by recording the woman's statement.
Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has insisted that the formation of Coalition for Nigeria Movement, CNM, is not a third force saying it is a movement for all Nigerians to bring about ”unity, cooperation, development, rule of law, employment, law and order, employment integration, peace and security'.
The former leader, who did not rule out the Movement becoming a political party that may sponsor candidates for future elections, said he would quit the Movement once it assumes partisan toga.
He made the remarks in his statement after registering as a member of the Movement at NUJ Press Centre, Oke Ilewo, Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital.
Obasanjo who lamented on the state of things in Nigeria since independence said there was need to change our approach to governance.
He said, ”If the instrument we have used so far in our nation building and governance since independence have not served us well, it is imperative that we should rethink and retool. Coalition For Nigeria Movement is proposed as the new direction to mobilise our population for unity.”
In apparent allusion to President Muhammadu Buhari's government, Obasanjo said “the federal character principle, as espoused in our constitution was to guide the leadership to search for competent holders of major offices to be distributed within the entire nation and avoid the concentration in a few ethnic hands or geographical places as we currently have in the leadership of the security apparatus.”
Obasanjo, flanked by former Osun State Governor, Olagunsoye Oyinlola, and his former Cross River State counterpart, Donald Duke, further stated that the present administration has not done enough in many critical areas of our national life hence the need for a Movement that will be free for all Nigerians to join especially the youth and women whom he described as not getting adequate attention.
“The spate of violence, criminality, organised crime, insurgency, and terrorism have not received sufficient proactive ameliorative responses through transformational leadership.
He said the Movement must be both within and outside the country saying it should not be about personality or personalities but for Nigerians.
”This Movement is not about personality or personalities but about platform and system. When the platform is formed and and the new system is put in place, the Movement may decide to sponsor or support Candidates or transform into a political machine for that purpose.
If the Movement decides to transform itself and go into partisan politics, I will cease to be a member. And as a member for now, I accept, all the conditins attached to the membership of the Coalition.
It is necessary to make it clear that this Movement does not regard itself as a third force. It only sees itself as a popular Movement that can accommodate all Nigerians irrespective of their political interest or affiliations.
Obasanjo had last week written a critical letter to President Muhammadu Buhari in which he accused the president of many ills including economic mismanagement, inability to arrest the spate of violence in parts of the country by Fulani herdsmen and nepotism.
In the letter,he also dismissed the two big political parties in the country – The Progressives Congress, APC, and the People Democratic Party, PDP, as lacking what it takes to rescue Nigeria suggesting in their place a Coalition.
A SHOPPER realised there was no toilet roll while on the loo at a Tesco supermarket – but spared his blushes with an ingenious solution.
LIAM COLEMAN/ARCHANT SATISFIED CUSTOMER: Morph found an answer to his troubles in the Tesco toilet
Red-faced Morph Hollands was on the loo at the store in Hornchurch in east London when he realised there was no toilet roll. Too late to save himself, the 40-year-old was left in the cubicle with his trousers round his ankles trying to figure out what to do. He then decided to share his embarrassing story with the world by tweeting Tesco and asking for some toilet paper to be taken to him. He wrote: “@Tesco I'm presently sat in your Hornchurch store on the loo, it is out of toilet roll. Could you please advise me on my next course of action as I would really not like to resort to the one sock problem that may arise.”
TWITTER/MORPHAROO CALL FOR HELP: Morph tweeted Tesco asking for some loo roll to be brought to him
Caught short in public The saying is 'When you've got to go, you've got to go' and these people prove that is the case. 1 / 14 CEN A lady crouches down in the street
Fortunately for Morph the store quickly replied and said: “Hey Morph, I'm gonna call the store ASAP. Hang tight my man! Which toilet are you in? Cheers – Murray” A few minutes later Morph announced: “My pain has been eased by my knight in shining armour who valiantly slamdunked a ball of paper onto my head. I am so happy that my socks are still a pair.” Tesco then replied: “So glad I could organise the rescue party in time! I hope that this ordeal hasn't soured your shopping experience. Cheers – Murray.” A relieved Morph then tried his luck and used his experience to try and bag compensation for the lack of loo roll.
TWITTER/MORPHAROO/TESCO EVERY LITTLE HELPS: Tesco came to Morph's rescue on Twitter
Indecent exposure: Cheeky supermarket flashers strip down in new shopping craze And you thought shopping was boring! 1 / 24
Morph tweeted Tesco: “Murray thank you for your prompt help in my poo predicament, I think deserve some free charmin too help me over my ordeal.” To his surprise, he then got a £10 voucher from the store – which he decided not to spend on toilet roll. Morph told the Romford Recorder he decided to tweet the store – and risk being embarrassed – as he thought it would be the quickest way to get them to respond. He said: “I thought about just shouting but I didn't know if anyone would hear me.
GOOGLE MAPS LOO ROLL SHORTAGE: Morph was caught short at the Tesco store in Hornchurch
REVEALED: What supermarket goods in YOUR cupboard have SHRUNK No, you're not imagining it – some of your favourite sweets really are shrinking 1 / 11 Galaxy Minstrels: Was 232g now 210g
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen her 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from her family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen her 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from her family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
Authorities say two people have died after a tree branch fell on a crowd of spectators during a fireworks show in western Illinois.
Authorities say two people have died after a tree branch fell on a crowd of spectators during a fireworks show in western Illinois.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
A push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in sun-drenched Arizona has been met with fierce opposition from the state's largest utility.
A push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in sun-drenched Arizona has been met with fierce opposition from the state's largest utility.
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). In this photo taken Wednesday, June 27, 2018, environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at his offices in San Francisco. Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl...
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). In this photo taken Wednesday, June 27, 2018, environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at his offices in San Francisco. Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl...
The mother of a girl at the center of a medical and religious debate over brain death says she doesn't regret moving from California to New Jersey so her daughter could receive care after being declared dead.
The mother of a girl at the center of a medical and religious debate over brain death says she doesn't regret moving from California to New Jersey so her daughter could receive care after being declared dead.
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File). FILE - In this Oct. 3, 2014, file photo, Nailah Winkfield, left, and Omari Sealey, right, the mother and uncle of Jahi McMath, listen to doctors speak during a news conference in San Francisco. The mother of a girl at the...
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File). FILE - In this Oct. 3, 2014, file photo, Nailah Winkfield, left, and Omari Sealey, right, the mother and uncle of Jahi McMath, listen to doctors speak during a news conference in San Francisco. The mother of a girl at the...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews.
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews.
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who h...
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who h...
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it's just not clear when.
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it's just not clear when.
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel, in Weehauken, N.J., with the New York City skyline in the background. New Jersey towns along ...
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel, in Weehauken, N.J., with the New York City skyline in the background. New Jersey towns along ...
Large wildfires are growing across the American West, keeping thousands of people out of their homes for the July 4 holiday and forcing some strict bans on fireworks to prevent new fires.
Large wildfires are growing across the American West, keeping thousands of people out of their homes for the July 4 holiday and forcing some strict bans on fireworks to prevent new fires.
(Helen H. Richardson/The Denver Post via AP). The Spring Creek Fire continues to burn in Costilla County on Tuesday, July 3, 2018 in La Veta, Colo. More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while hundreds of ot...
(Helen H. Richardson/The Denver Post via AP). The Spring Creek Fire continues to burn in Costilla County on Tuesday, July 3, 2018 in La Veta, Colo. More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while hundreds of ot...
A lot of red on July 4 as wildfires keep growing in US West
A lot of red on July 4 as wildfires keep growing in US West
Several people have hung a banner emblazoned with a message about abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty and have been arrested.
Several people have hung a banner emblazoned with a message about abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty and have been arrested.
ROCK ISLAND, Ill. (AP) - Two people died and several others were injured after a branch measuring in parts more than 8 feet (2.5 meters) around fell on spectators during a fireworks display in western Illinois, authorities said.
Rock Island County Sheriff Gerald Bustos said Wednesday that the branch fell from an oak tree that's believed to be about 100 years old. It fell about 25 feet (8 meters) during Tuesday night's "Red, White and Boom" event outside the courthouse in Rock Island.
Dozens were sitting near the tree watching the fireworks when the branch fell, crushing some of the spectators. Some of those who weren't hurt tried to lift the branch to free the people trapped beneath.
Bustos said Daniel Mendoza Sr., 61, of Rock Island was pronounced dead at the scene. Lawrence R. Anderson, 72, of Moline died at a hospital. Coroner Brian Gustafson said Wednesday the men died from "multiple traumatic crushing injuries."
Six other people were taken to a local hospital, including a 21-year-old pregnant woman from East Moline who was near term. Bustos said the woman gave birth, and she and her baby are reported to be in good health.
The others were treated Tuesday night and released from the hospital. Two people from Maysville, Iowa, and their 2-year-old son suffered minor injuries, including scratches to the face. A 3-year-old boy from Bettendorf, Iowa, was treated for a suspected concussion, while a Moline woman also had a suspected concussion and scratches.
Melanie Brown Ledbetter told KWQC-TV she was sitting about 50 feet (15 meters) from the tree with family and friends, watching the fireworks.
"I was turned talking to my friend and heard the loud crackle of the tree breaking and saw it fall," she said.
She said her husband was among those who tried to help people who were hurt or trapped.
"People were screaming and crying," Ledbetter said. "A lot of people rushed over to help and a lot of people immediately packed up and fled the scene."
Bustos said his office is investigating, and he will provide an update Thursday afternoon. He said the county will inspect all the trees in the area. He noted the wind was blowing no more than 3 mph, not strong enough "where you would expect this to happen."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A day after the Roseanne reboot was canceled over a racist tweet from its creator, President Trump criticized ABC for failing to address the "HORRIBLE statements" said about him.
"Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that 'ABC does not tolerate comments like those' made by Roseanne Barr," Trump tweeted Wednesday. "Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?"
Trump's comments were the first time he weighed in on Roseanne Barr's tweet about former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett: "Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby."
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
Iger, the CEO of ABC's parent company Disney, has previously been at odds with the president. He quit Trump's business advisory council when the president pulled out of the Paris climate agreement last year. He also called Trump's decision to end the Obama-era Deferred Action on Childhood Arrivals program (DACA) "cruel and misguided."
After Trump's tweet, some Democratic lawmakers criticized the president.
I wish you were just as outraged to learn that more than 4,000 Americans died in #PuertoRico on your watch. https://t.co/T2gBPiZKGf — Rep. Joe Crowley (@repjoecrowley) May 30, 2018
Wow. This is right up there with using a “Happy Memorial Day” tweet to list accomplishments. I wonder how many @realDonaldTrump hard core supporters would let a whiny snowflake like this into their homes. https://t.co/SuMjdwwWoP — Jim Himes (@jahimes) May 30, 2018
For her part, Jarrett, an Iranian-born African-American, discussed the situation during a town hall on MSNBC Wednesday night, during which she said Iger called her to apologize.
"He said that he had zero tolerance for that sort of racist, bigoted comment and he wanted me to know before he made it public that he was canceling the show," she said.
Jarrett said she wanted this to become a teaching moment — and noted that Trump himself bears some responsibility for Barr's actions.
"The tone does start at the top, and we like to look up to our president and feel as though he reflects the values of our country," she said. "But I also think every individual citizen has a responsibility too, and it's up to all of us to push back. Our government is only going to be as good as we make it be."
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
Getty statuette: In the June 14 Calendar section, a Quick Takes brief about the Getty Museum returning an ancient statuette of Zeus to the Italian government misstated the year curator Marion True resigned and the year that the museum announced it would return dozens of disputed objects to Italy. True resigned in 2005, not 2006, and the repatriation announcement came in 2007, not 2006.
Uber board meeting: In the June 12 Section A, an article about a meeting of Uber's board of directors misspelled the first name of attorney Stephen Hirschfeld as Steven.
If you believe that we have made an error, or you have questions about The Times' journalistic standards and practices, you may contact Deirdre Edgar, readers' representative, by email at readers.representative@latimes.com, by phone at (877) 554-4000, by fax at (213) 237-3535 or by mail at 202 W. 1st St., Los Angeles, CA 90012. The readers' representative office is online at latimes.com/readersrep.
A BRITISH porn star has revealed why the sex industry has been rocked by so many recent deaths.
INSTAGRAM EXPLANATION: Harriet Sugarcookie (right) has opened up on the recent tragedies
The porn stars we have lost Since early 2017 we have sadly seen the tragic deaths of several porn stars. 1 / 27 Instagram Poignant: August Ames' final Instagram post with her cat Kevin
Despite her success, she believes the plight of porn stars has been “overlooked and ignored” for too long. Harriet told Daily Star Online: “I tend to think of porn as part of the entertainment industry. Plenty of athletes, actors and musicians struggle with the limelight, what happens once their popularity fades, finding their every word and action being scrutinised on social media, depression, drugs etc. “Problems like these seem common throughout the entertainment industry.
INSTAGRAM/HARRIET SUGARCOOKIE OUTRAGED: Harriet argues the plight of porn stars has been 'overlooked and ignored'
Porn star Olivia Nova found dead aged 20 Porn star Olivia Nova, 20, rose to fame in the adult film industry in a matter of months 1 / 8 Twitter Nova's death comes two weeks after she tweeted she was spending the holidays alone
“I believe our current system for mental health support is really lacking” Harriet Sugarcookie “Where it's more difficult for people in porn is that not many of us make the huge salaries that actors and Premier League footballers do that help get access to the very best treatments and support. “I believe our current system for mental health support is really lacking.” Suicides or overdoses have been linked with most of the recent tragedies.
Brit porn star Harriet SugarCookie's SEXIEST selfies XXX adult actress Harriet SugarCookie is the ultimate geeky glamourpuss 1 / 23 Harriet SugarCookie poses in a barely-there robe and little else
But Harriet claims there is “one huge positive” to working in the sex industry that is rarely mentioned. She added: “I have found people in porn to be incredibly supportive of each other. It's the only business I've heard of where direct rivals often help each other. “It really is like a very close-knit family. So when someone is having some trouble there is a really incredible support network to help you through any issues.”
- Advertisement -
Gov. Rauf Aregbesola of Osun said on Monday that his administration spent N15 billion to empower 350,000 women and youths by training them in different vocations in the last seven years.
Aregbesola made this known in Ede at the closing ceremony of the orientation course for Batch B Stream 1 2017 National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) members in the state.
The governor was represented by his deputy, Mrs Grace Titi-Laoye.
“It is worthy to note that this administration's most important engagement is to get every able-bodied person in the state to work and we have provided every needed incentive for this.
“As at the last count, 350,000 people, especially women and youths, have been empowered to the tune of N15 billion and we have not stopped,” he said.
Aregbesola expressed happiness that the corps members had been introduced to skills capable of making them self reliant in life during their training at the camp.
- Advertisement -
He, however, said wealth creation could not be left to the government alone, urging the corps members to work toward perfecting the skills they acquired and utilising them for service to humanity.
In his speech, Mr Emmanuel Attah the State NYSC Coordinator, urged the corps members “to imbibe the virtues that promote peace, unity and progress in their host communities.''
Attah said the 21 days orientation exercise in the camp was meant to prepare them for the task ahead.
He advised them to steer clear of politics as the governorship election in the state was around the corner.
“Don't get mixed up or engage in politics that can jeopardise your future. As corps members, you must stay apolitical and not allow yourselves to be used by politicians,” Attah said.
He, however, urged those that had participated in skills acquisition and entrepreneurship programmes in the camp to engage in further training after the orientation course to acquire expertise in their vocations.
Wed, Jun 14: Doctors say their phones are ringing off the hook with allergy sufferers this year. Geoff Hastings explains why 2017 is so bad.
The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) has trained no fewer than 5,707 recruits from July 2015 to date, Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshall, Sadiq Abubakar, said on Friday.
The air chief made the disclosure during the passing out parade of 1,544 recruits of Basic Military Training Course 38 at the NAF Base in Kaduna.
Abubakar said that the recruitment of more personnel was to boost the capacity of the Service and equip it to respond effectively to current insecurity challenges in the country.
“It is also in line with Federal Government policy of employment generation for our teeming qualified youths desirous to serve the country through the NAF.
“The NAF had trained a total of 5,707 young Nigerians as airmen/airwomen since Jul 15 when we assumed office.
“I am also happy to note that our efforts at expanding the training facilities have continued to meet our desired objectives.
“I have been told that 55 of you could not make this graduation ceremony due to inability to cope with the strenuous training and others due to various offences.”
He stressed that the service has zero tolerance for conducts not consistent with military discipline.
Abubakar reminded them that the military profession requires absolute loyalty, discipline, perseverance and courage among other core virtues.
“It is these virtues that are the binding cord between individuals and formations to achieving optimal results, the NAF indeed the Armed Forces of Nigeria uphold these core virtues in the performance of its constitutional responsibilities.
“Therefore, to the passing out recruits, the rigorous training you have received was designed to prepare you for future challenges.”
The air chief pledged to focus more on improving facilities and welfare within available resources, so as to create conducive working and living environment to sustain the morale of troops.
“You are joining the Armed Forces at a time when our dear country is facing numerous internal security challenges.
“While acknowledging that the domestic security environment has improved significantly, it is necessary to stress that we are not yet out of the woods.
“Fleeing Boko Haram terrorists have dispersed into the civil populace and are causing terror using soft targets.
“These acts of terrorism and other criminal and subversive activities such as kidnapping, cattle rustling and clashes between Fulani herdsmen and farmers have become rampant.
“You should therefore take advantage of the knowledge and skill that you have acquired to safeguard lives and property anywhere in our country, whenever you are deployed for internal security duties.
“I remind you that you are subject to both military and civil law, hence, you must submit to civil authority and protect our emerging democracy.
“Your duty is to protect all Nigerians irrespective of their political, ethnic, religious or other inclinations.”
Abubakar pledged the NAF loyalty and total commitment to the Federal Government aspiration for a peaceful and prosperous Nigeria.
WASHINGTON: The United States and South Korea have agreed to resume joint military drills early next month, the Pentagon said, a move that was expected despite US President Donald Trump's planned meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
Seoul and Washington said in January they would delay the annual exercises, known as Key Resolve and Foal Eagle, until after the Olympics and Paralympics held in South Korea, helping to create conditions for a resumption of talks between South and North Korea, which sees the drills as a rehearsal for invasion.
The exercises are expected to begin on Apr 1, and will be of a "scale similar to that of the previous years," the US military said in a statement late on Monday (Mar 20).
"Our combined exercises are defense-oriented and there is no reason for North Korea to view them as a provocation," Lieutenant Colonel Christopher Logan, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a separate statement.
The Pentagon said the North Korean military had been notified about the schedule for the drills by the United Nations Command. Logan said the drills were expected to conclude toward the end of May.
Logan said the two joint drills, which include computer simulations and field exercises, would involve about 23,700 US troops and 300,000 South Korea forces.
Advertisement
Advertisement
He said they had been long planned and were not a response to any specific North Korean actions or the current situation on the Korean Peninsula.
After the announcement of the postponement of the drills in January, Pyongyang agreed to hold the first official talks with Seoul in more than two years and to send athletes to the Winter Olympics, easing a standoff over North Korea's development of nuclear weapons.
The intra-Korean talks led to a visit this month by a South Korean delegation to Pyongyang for a meeting with the North Korean leader. The delegation said Kim committed to denuclearisation and expressed eagerness to meet Trump as soon as possible, an offer the president quickly accepted.
South Korean official have said Kim is expected to meet with South Korean President Moon Jae-in in April before meeting Trump before the end of May.
DRILLS DENOUNCED IN PAST
The head of the South Korean delegation also said that Kim had said he understood that the joint US-South Korean exercises had to continue.
North Korea has angrily denounced the drills in the past.
Pyongyang has not confirmed the reported remarks by Kim to the South Korean delegation and threatened earlier in the month to "counter the US" if the exercises went ahead.
In January, US Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said the decision to delay the drills was because of logistical concerns, since many South Korean security forces would be occupied with protecting the Olympics.
In 2017, the joint drills ran from Mar 1 to Apr 30, and included the Carl Vinson aircraft carrier. A US official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said no US aircraft carrier would take part this year, which he said was according to plan and not related to the political situation.
MUMBAI: Grammy award winning musician Vishwa Mohan Bhatt has been roped in to compose a musical piece for a Gujarati film titled Reunions.
"We are really excited to have a living legend Vishwa Mohan Bhatt compose a musical piece for our first film.
"This is our pilot project and we have worked on all the different creative aspects extensively to create a wholesome entertainer for all audiences," producers Natasha and Khushi Kothari said in a statement to IANS.
The upcoming film is based on a college reunion at a wedding.
Bhatt, the creator of the Mohan Veena, received the Padma Bhushan, India's third highest civilian award, last year.
The musician was awarded the Padma Shri in 2002. He received his first Grammy award in 1994 for his album "A Meeting by the River" along with American musician Ry Cooder.
(Source: IANS)
Photo: Win McNamee (Getty Images)
Melania Trump's kidney wanted out of the White House so badly, it became a problem that sent her to the hospital. The first lady's kidney had reportedly grown tired of the president's eating habits and his penchant for early-morning Twitter rants. The kidney turned on Melania faster than ABC did Roseanne.
The last time Melania Trump was seen alive and well was in the early-morning hours of May 10, when her husband, President ChiChi von FuckThisGuy, welcomed home three American hostages from North Korea. Four days later she checked into Walter Reed National Military Medical Center for “an embolization procedure to treat a benign kidney condition” (read: kidney escape) and has not been seen since.
A few days later Melania, or “Melanie,” as the president likes to call her, tweeted that she was doing well.
It's been 20 days since the public last saw Melania Trump. Not that anyone really cares about her, but it would be nice to know that “Ofdonald” isn't just a hologram from a window in the White House.
Advertisement
Conspiracy theories really got going when the first lady reportedly switched her Twitter location from Washington, D.C., to New York.
Here's how Inquisitr breaks it all down:
The Slovenia native's preference for New York City has been no secret. Following her husband's inauguration on January 20, 2017, Melania and her then 11-year-old son with Trump, Barron, waited nearly five months before making the move from their Trump Tower apartment to the White House. As spotted by the popular anti-Trump Twitter commentator “Tea Pain,” Melania Trump recently switched the location status on her personal Twitter account to “New York City.”
Advertisement
Melania Trump signed up to be the woman married to the old man so that she could spend his money freely and get her family here without having to undergo any of the ridiculously stringent rigors that actual immigrants whose family member didn't marry into money face.
While she has been complicit in her husband's brand of hate, she didn't sign up to be the first lady. Rumors already abound that President FuckStick von GlowFace and his wife have separate bedrooms, so would it really be a big deal if she decided to leave Washington?
Melania Trump's spokeswoman Stephanie Grisham assured CNN that the first lady is fine and well and chained to a bedroom in the West Wing basement where she is being given Ensure intravenously and allowed to use a phone only to call the president .
Advertisement
“Sadly, we deal with conspiracy theories all the time—so this is nothing new, just more silly nonsense,” said Grisham, brushing off a rumor making the rounds that Trump has moved back to New York City, CNN reports.
The problem with Grisham's statement is that this White House has told more demonstrative falsehoods than any other administration (I have no way of proving this, but I'm sure it's true). Until we see Melania back to her old captive self, avoiding her husband's hand like old times, we can all assume that something is up.
#BeBest
Getty Images
Packers running back Ty Montgomery said it was “going to be up to me” if he plays against the Cowboys this Sunday and the Packers think that Montgomery will opt not to play a little more than a week after breaking his ribs against the Bears.
Montgomery was a limited participant in practice all three days this week and those efforts weren't enough to lift him past a doubtful tag for the matchup with Dallas. Jamaal Williams, who has been dealing with a knee injury but isn't listed on the final injury report of the week, and Aaron Jones will be the backs for Green Bay if Montgomery is out of the lineup.
The chances that wide receiver Davante Adams will play are looking a little better. Adams is listed as questionable after recovering from a concussion enough to practice all three days this week.
Defensive tackle Mike Daniels is questionable, but said Friday that he expects to play after missing the last two games. Left tackle David Bakhtiari, right tackle Bryan Bulaga, linebacker Ahmad Brooks and cornerback Davon House round out the group of questionable Packers for this weekend.
Residents frustrated by abandoned sunken boat on Fort Myers Beach
A sinking boat finally went under after it had been taking on water for weeks and became an eyesore for homeowners on Fort Myers Beach.
Lee County says the sheriff's office notified them about the sunken boat Monday. Right now, it's deemed derelict and it's under investigation. But the process could take another few months before the boat is finally removed.
“No one's come near it. I have not seen a coast guard or a sheriff or a fire department boat. I've seen no boats go anywhere near it nor any people go anywhere near it,” said Pamela Abraham, a Fort Myers Beach resident.
The eyesore sat in the back bay of Fort Myers Beach for a couple weeks until it sunk a few days ago.
“That boat and the other boat behind it have been so called maintained or visited by a young man who comes and goes in a dingy. Haven't seen him lately, but used to come in and tie up on private property,” Abraham said.
The boat sits near Abraham's backyard.
She says it has not only become blight, but it's now an environmental hazard and safety concern.
“Derelict looking people coming and going from derelict looking boats, spoiling your view, making you feel unsafe as you see these people crawling up your property,” Abraham described.
The sheriff's office says they contacted the boat's owner. While deputies say it's under investigation, some worry nothing will be done.
If the owner doesn't take responsibility, FWC or the county will then hire a contractor to remove the sunken boat.
“I just think it's gotten to the point where the authorities need to do something, especially if they're concerned about environment and especially if they're concerned about the safety and the privacy of the homeowners on Fort Myers Beach,” Abraham said.
The investigation could take anywhere from 45 to 120 days. If the owner doesn't remove the boat, they'll face fines and incur the cost it takes the county or FWC to remove it.
Reporter: Taylor Bisacky
Writer: Erica Brown
LONDON: Ryanair pilots in Dublin have voted for strike action, the airline confirmed on Monday (Dec 11), the latest in a succession of staffing woes for the no-frills carrier.
The unspecified industrial action was backed by less than 28 per cent of around 300 pilots based in the Irish capital for Ryanair, the airline told AFP.
Ryanair added that it had not received formal notification of a strike, and no date for the walkout has been announced.
Although the airline has around 300 pilots based in Dublin, Irish broadcaster RTE said the strike ballot was issued to the 84 pilots directly employed by Ryanair.
A significant number of Ryanair pilots are employed indirectly through other companies.
Of those directly employed by the airline, most voted in favour of a strike action over employment rights, according to RTE.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The move comes less than a week after Ryanair pilots and flight attendants in Italy announced a four-hour strike for Dec 15.
Cabin crew and pilots threw their support behind a strike after the airline declined to open negotiations over labour contracts, the ANPAC union told AFP on Wednesday.
The planned industrial action comes after Ryanair said in September that it had to cancel 20,000 flights until March because of pilot scheduling problems.
Air traffic control delays and weather disruption also contributed to the cancellations.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Despite such difficulties, Ryanair said last month it still expected to deliver annual profit after tax of €1.4 billion to €1.45 billion (US$1.65 billion and US$1.71 billion).
Special NIA Judge Ravinder Reddy, who in the Mecca Masjid blast verdict acquitted Swami Aseemanand and four others had dismissed Aseemanand's confessional statement, recorded in police custody, as “non-voluntary”.A remote-controlled blast had taken place in Hyderabad's Mecca Masjid on May 18, 2007. The incident left nine individuals dead and over 38 injured. This blast took place on a Friday when the over 400-year-old mosque was buzzing with activity.In his 140-page verdict, delivered on April 15, Judge Reddy questioned the veracity of Aseemanand's confessional statement.“There is no proper explanation as to why the investigating officer was rushing to move an application before the chief judicial magistrate in New Delhi with the request to record the confessional statement of Aseemanand. He had ample opportunity to come down to Hyderabad and after expiry of the police custody of Aseemanand could have moved an application before the jurisdictional court,” the court has noted.Later, the court reasoned this by stating that Aseemanand had retracted the statement and that the confession was hit by Section 26 of the Indian Evidence Act.“This court holds that the confessional statement of Aseemanand is hit by section 26 of the Indian Evidence Act. This court holds that the confessional statement of Aseemanand was not a voluntary one which was recorded during the course of police custody. The statement was also retracted by the accused four months later,” said Judge Reddy, while ordering the acquittal for Swami Aseemanand.The court acquitted all five accused holding that the prosecution failed to prove "even a single" allegation against them.Besides Aseemanand, the other acquitted in the case are Devender Gupta, Lokesh Sharma, Bharat Rateshwar and Rajender Chowdary.There were 10 accused in the case. Two accused — Sandeep V Dange and Ramchandra Kalsangra — are absconding, while Sunil Joshi was murdered. Investigation is continuing against two others.Judge Reddy has also raised questions on why Aseemanand, who was believed to be the brain behind the blast, did not get legal aid.“Aseemanand was not provided with Legal Aid during his first spell of police custody. The facts and circumstances of the above said authority relied on by the NIA, wherein the officer who recorded the confessional statement of the accused had assured him that he will not hand Aseemanand over to police and will send him back to jail. Though the facts and circumstances of the case shows that Aseemanand was handed over to an investigating officer after recording the statement under CRPC 164,” noted the special NIA judge, who had resigned just moments after the verdict citing “personal reasons”. The resignation was later dismissed by the HC, which ordered him to join the court.Apart from making observations on why Aseemanand's confessional statement was not reliable, the court also trashed the evidence produced by the prosecution which “failed to prove beyond reasonable doubt that Devender Gupta had a communal bias being a member of RSS and having delivered hate speeches”.“There is no record to show the hate speeches of Devender Gupta being delivered at Jamtara (Jharkhand). The RSS is not a proscribed organisation if any person works in it, it does not give any scope that he is communal and anti-social,” said the judge referring to Devender Gupta, an RSS worker from Bihar.The judge clearly held that the prosecution was not able to prove its case beyond reasonable doubt.
Marc-Andre Fleury‘s eventual exit from the Pittsburgh Penguins has been inevitable for nearly a year now.
Ever since Matt Murray burst onto the scene last season it has simply been a matter of when and how Fleury's exit happens, and where he ends up going.
Murray, already a two-time Stanley Cup champion, is cemented in as the future of the position and the Penguins were never going to put themselves in a position where they could potentially lose him in the expansion draft to the Vegas Golden Knights.
The only snag is that Fleury's contract included a no-movement clause that would have forced the Penguins to protect him — and expose Murray — unless he was willing to waive it.
In the immediate aftermath of the Penguins' Stanley Cup win on Sunday night it was revealed that Fleury did, in fact, waive that no-movement clause back in February. It not only made things easier for general manager Jim Rutherford and the Penguins' front office, it also may have ended up saving their season and giving them an opportunity to win another Stanley Cup.
Fleury spoke with Dave Molinari of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette about his decision to waive his no-movement clause
“The team came forward to me and asked … it gave them more flexibility for the future, for the summer, so they weren't scrambling to trade me,” Fleury said, via the Post-Gazette. “I thought it was the right thing to help the team, to stay with the team and finish the season here and have a chance to play for the Cup again.”
Had Fleury refused to waive his no-move clause (which he would have had every right to do) it would have put the Penguins — and Fleury — in a difficult position.
They would have either had to work to trade him during the season before the trade deadline, work out a trade with Vegas to send them some form of compensation to not take a goalie, or perhaps even buy out the remaining three years of Fleury's contract and have dead money on the salary cap for several years done the line.
None of those options would have been ideal.
Had they scrambled to trade Fleury during the season and actually completed one, there is almost no chance they would have been celebrating their fifth Stanley Cup on Wednesday afternoon.
With Murray sidelined at the start of the playoffs it gave Fleury an opportunity to regain his starting job through the first two rounds of the playoffs. He not only played well enough for the team to get through the Columbus Blue Jackets and Washington Capitals, he was without question their best player and one of the single biggest reasons they advanced.
He was replaced by Murray in Game 3 of the Eastern Conference Finals after giving up four goals in 12 minutes. Murray finished the postseason, including his shutout performances in Games 5 and 6 of the Stanley Cup Final.
In the end the Penguins are still likely to lose Fleury for no compensation (other than $5 million in salary cap space in each of the next two seasons) if Vegas takes him in the expansion draft, as it is assumed they will.
But they were at least able to avoid a lot of the headaches that would have come with trying to rush a trade during the season or in the immediate aftermath so they could keep Murray.
They were also able to get another Stanley Cup out of it.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (WIVB) — If you're still dreaming of a giant jackpot, play Powerball.
No one had all the numbers in the multi-state lottery game Saturday night.
That sent the jackpot for this Wednesday night to $430 million.
That's now the eighth highest Powerball pot of all time.
You can catch the winning numbers Wednesday on News 4 at 11, or Thursday morning on Wake Up!
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Getty Images
Texans coach Bill O'Brien spent a portion of his Monday press conference running through the steps that led to quarterback Tom Savage being cleared to return to Sunday's loss to the 49ers for a series before he was pulled from the game and placed in the concussion protocol.
Savage took a big hit from Elvis Dumervil in the second quarter of the game and could be seen with his arms in the “fencing response” that sometimes occurs when people suffer concussions when on the ground after the hit. O'Brien said that the medical team told him they would check Savage after that hit and took him to the blue tent on the sideline for a quick evaluation that led to Savage returning to the game.
O'Brien said he couldn't see the hit or the response from the sideline, but assumed Savage got hit because of how many people were around him. O'Brien does not have access to video on the sideline that would have showed him the hit and Savage's reaction, something the coach said would have led to a different decision.
“With benefit of seeing the video, obviously from my standpoint — the care for the player — I would have never let that player back into the game and I don't believe [head trainer] Geoff Kaplan would have let that player back in the game,” O'Brien said, via Brian T. Smith of the Houston Chronicle.
O'Brien saying he asked Kaplan to check Savage again after a three-and-out and that he was told after the second check that Savage could not return to the game. It was not clear from O'Brien's account whether the spotters in the booth or the unaffiliated neurological consultant on the sideline took a look at the video, which they are supposed to have access to, before clearing Savage to return to action.
The NFL is looking into the handling of the concussion and the NFLPA announced on Monday that it will be doing a “full review” as well.
Posted by Darin Gantt on February 15, 2017, 6:55 AM EST
It wasn't a video, but Antonio Brown has used social media to reveal another potentially big story.
According to Joe Rutter of the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review, the Steelers wide receiver posted a photo of himself with his agents in Pittsburgh this week on his Snapchat account, which could be reasonably assumed to be an indication of contract talks with the Steelers beginning.
The photo shows Brown with agents Drew and Jason Rosenhaus atop Mt. Washington, and while Pittsburgh's a lovely city, it's hardly a destination for the Miami-based pair unless they're doing business. They also represent Steelers linebacker Lawrence Timmons, who is scheduled to be a free agent in a few weeks.
Brown has one year left on his deal, which is the point at which the Steelers have been saying they'd negotiate a new one with him since his $4.7 million salary makes him underpaid (in the relative, this is an athlete we're talking about here sense).
The wide receiver has been working in recent weeks to “rebuild the trust” with the Steelers after he made them angry with his Facebook Live video from a postgame locker room. And it appears there's at least some talks about taking him up on his desire to be a “Steeler for life.”
The editors of the prestigious Annals of Internal Medicine are urging their colleagues in the medical community to join the March for Science. To make sure they leave no room for doubt, the headline on their editorial reads, “Alternative Facts Have No Place in Science.”
Published by the American College of Physicians, it's a jam-packed piece that explains how the politicization of science is threatening the health of our nation's citizens.
So what, exactly, has made these physicians worked up enough to participate in Saturday's march?
Let's start with: Climate change is not a hoax ...
“Climate change has adverse effects on human health that include respiratory disease, heat-related conditions, vector-borne disease and food and water security.”
… and its effects are being felt, right here, right now.
“These are not merely future hypothetical threats in foreign lands — poor air quality due to global warming is already associated with poor respiratory health in U.S. locales.”
Also, vaccines work…
“Well-designed and meticulous studies [have established] the effectiveness and safety of vaccines for such diseases as measles, pertussis, varicella, and polio.”
… and anti-vaxxers are putting people in danger.
“…the antivaccine lobby is bolstered by political leaders who echo its ‘alternative facts' about vaccines. Consequently, people are increasingly at risk for illness and death that vaccines had previously prevented.”
A 1-year-old girl is vaccinated against measles, mumps and rubella. Mel Melcon / Los Angeles Times A 1-year-old girl is vaccinated against measles, mumps and rubella. A 1-year-old girl is vaccinated against measles, mumps and rubella. (Mel Melcon / Los Angeles Times)
Guns don't make people safer ...
“Growing evidence shows that guns do not make U.S. citizens safer but are actually associated with increased risk for suicide, homicide and injury.”
… and politicians don't seem to care.
“Legislators ignore this evidence when they block regulatory actions that could enhance safety of firearms in our society.”
And then there's Trump's budget:
“The budget President Trump released in mid-March 2017 proposes to reduce the National Institutes of Health budget by $5.8 billion, an 18.3% reduction.”
Two scientists observe ocular tissue samples under a laser-scanning microscope at the National Eye I National Eye Institute, National Institutes of Health Two scientists observe ocular tissue samples under a laser-scanning microscope at the National Eye Institute, part of the National Institutes of Health. Two scientists observe ocular tissue samples under a laser-scanning microscope at the National Eye Institute, part of the National Institutes of Health. (National Eye Institute, National Institutes of Health)
They know it probably won't go through, but …
“The proposed NIH cuts, along with the proposal to eliminate the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, exemplify that the administration fails or chooses not to recognize the importance of science to the health of the United States and its citizens.”
… and that could have long-term effects.
“Bright young people will be hesitant to pursue careers in medical research in such an environment, resulting in fewer people being ready to seek out what science can teach us to combat future problems.”
Good medicine can occur only thanks to good science.
“And good science cannot occur and its rewards cannot be reaped when we choose to pursue only the data and knowledge that seem to support our ideologies and denigrate the rest as ‘fake.' Science doesn't work that way.”
So get out there and make your voice heard.
Politicians who pick and choose the scientific data they are willing to promote and denigrate represent “a peril we must face head-on.”
Caption The Great American Eclipse The Great American Eclipse The Great American Eclipse Caption The Great American Eclipse The Great American Eclipse The Great American Eclipse Caption How do frog tongues work? New research from Georgia Tech reveals how frog tongues work. New research from Georgia Tech reveals how frog tongues work. Caption 2016 was Earth's third consecutive hottest year on record According to independent analyses by NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the 1.78-degree jump over the mid-20th-century average marks the third year in a row that global temperatures have reached record-shattering levels. According to independent analyses by NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the 1.78-degree jump over the mid-20th-century average marks the third year in a row that global temperatures have reached record-shattering levels. Caption LA 90: Explore the 'Jacuzzi of Despair,' a lake so salty it kills almost everything inside Underwater explorers discovered an underwater brine pool at the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico. The pit of super-salty water and dissolved methane kills any critter unlucky enough to fall inside. Underwater explorers discovered an underwater brine pool at the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico. The pit of super-salty water and dissolved methane kills any critter unlucky enough to fall inside. Caption Rosetta's last mission The European Space Agency's Rosetta orbiter will commit operational suicide early Friday morning, but first it has just a little bit more science to do. The European Space Agency's Rosetta orbiter will commit operational suicide early Friday morning, but first it has just a little bit more science to do.
deborah.netburn@latimes.com
Do you love science? I do! Follow me @DeborahNetburn and "like" Los Angeles Times Science & Health on Facebook.
MORE IN SCIENCE
What would make a computer biased? Learning a language spoken by humans
Type 2 diabetes, once considered a disease for adults, is increasingly common in tweens and teens
Saturn's moon Enceladus might have the right elements to sustain Earth-like life
Dahhlings, Mariah Carey doesn't do birthdays. She has anniversaries. And when her beau, Bryan Tanaka, popped out of a cake dressed as a Chippendale on Sunday's episode of Mariah's World, you'd have to be living under the world's biggest rock to not know that Mimi's anniversary was much better than her New Year's Eve.
From the looks of it, she also had a pretty great Easter and Christmas, as we learned from this collage-y episode, which went from her lip-syncing her own Christmas song, “Oh Santa!,” on her private jet with her crew to Easter and candy eggs in just minutes.
But that “anniversary” party — we need to talk about the champagne Mimi pours down the chiseled chest of “Magic Tanaka.”
WATCH: ‘Mariah's World': Mariah Carey Kisses Backup Dancer Bryan Tanaka as James Packer Pays Her a ‘Sweet' Visit
“Why are we making such a big deal out of it, like nobody ever got champagne poured on themselves before?” Carey cooed during a confessional after she got backup dancer-turned-beau Bryan Tanaka all wet, then wagged her finger at the camera. “Don't you be naughty naughty and use this section.”
Luckily for all you thirsty people, we got to witness the half-naked Tanaka cake moment, which Mariah did not mind in the slightest.
“I thank you very much,” she told Tanaka. “That was a lovely event.”
As the two sequestered themselves in a corner at the private party — where Mariah joked that she's “14; can you believe it?” — heads turned, prompting a cautionary confessional from Anthony Burrell, Mariah's artistic director. “I see everyone witnessing Tanaka over there all over Mariah,” he says. “I'm like, dude, you're walking on dangerous grounds. Here the woman is engaged about to get married. This is your job, for goodness' sake.”
But Tanaka played innocent, claiming that he just wants to “get back to to that camaraderie… that friendship.”
WATCH: Mariah Carey and Bryan Tanaka Are in a ‘Proper Relationship Now'
When Tanaka's fellow dancers interrogate him about his special night with the anniversary girl, where the two got reacquainted after a six-year lapse in their relationship, he said he hopes “we get to do more moments like that.” (Looks like Tanaka's in luck. A preview of upcoming episodes teased a romantic wine date and a beachside kissing sesh.)
It's revealed that Tanaka's affection for Mariah runs deep because, he says, when he would visit her New York home, the singer would play some unreleased music for him and “it felt like she was almost opening up to me.” In fact, this is a common experience for most of Mariah's fans, the “lambs,” who were heavily featured taking selfies with the queen, as well as backstage at her concerts.
One superfan showed Mariah her tattoo of the lyrics to “One Sweet Day” inked on her back, while another told the singer that he can't sleep without hearing her comeback ballad “Through the Rain” before bed. (“He's making me cry,” she said to her team. “That's not normal to hear.”) Yours truly can also say that Mimi's music and biracial backstory helped with personal adolescent self-actualization.
RELATED: Mariah Carey Plagued by Technical Difficulties During Live New Year's Eve Performance
Another tender and very real moment featured Precious director and Mimi's bestie Lee Daniels getting personal with Mariah about racial adversity early in her career.
“People believed that you were white,” Daniels told Carey during their heart-to-heart, to which Mariah responded, “Unless I had black written on my forehead, how were they supposed to know?”
She added, “They think I was a privileged kid. They have no idea.”
Those who didn't do now, thanks to this surprisingly introspective entry in the eight-part Mariah's World event. We also now know that it's not easy working for a premier diva like Mariah, as demonstrated by her frazzled tour assistant, Molly. Not only can the diva not sleep without Apple TV, there's also no time for personal affairs when you're on Mariah's payroll.
“There's literally zero downtime,” Molly laments, noting that working for Mariah is on “a whole other level” than pulling college all-nighters and working retail. “It's cool if I get like one minute to sleep or eat or take a shower.”
WATCH: Mariah Carey Throws Major Shade at Demi Lovato and Ariana Grande, Teases Bryan Tanaka ‘Reveal'
Molly may have a lot more free time soon if Stella, Mariah's brazen manager, kicks her to the curb, which was the cliffhanger leading into next week's episode. When Stella consulted Mariah, the singer said Molly was too “delicate” for the job, which she expressed, by the way, as she lounged on a bathroom counter in lingerie while drinking wine. Mariah was also pushed around backstage on a rolling chair because “this is gonna make my life easier,” which is logic you can't argue with.
And how about that short-but-sweet “be nice or leave” sign she held up at the beginning of the episode? Considering the uproar over Mimi's NYE Times Square performance on Saturday, its inclusion was astoundingly relevant.
Mariah's World airs at Sundays at 9 p.m. ET/PT Sundays on E!
This article passed through the Full-Text RSS service – if this is your content and you're reading it on someone else's site, please read the FAQ at fivefilters.org/content-only/faq.php#publishers.
Recommended article: The Guardian's Summary of Julian Assange's Interview Went Viral and Was Completely False.
ET – The Latest Stories
In the beginning of October four suspects were arrested in Moldova for associating with a criminal organisation and trafficking very large amounts of drugs. The arrests were the result of a long-term operation run by the Moldovan authorities (the National Inspectorate of Investigations and the Organised Crime and Special Cases Section of the Prosecution Office), supported and coordinated by Europol.
OPERATION: 4 arrests in Moldova for associating with a criminal organisation & trafficking large amounts of #drugs https://t.co/Q8z2e6AA9v pic.twitter.com/J7FkO2bnXB — Europol (@Europol) October 5, 2017
Europol's coordinating and supportive role proved critical for the success of the operation. For almost 2 years, Europol acted as the main platform for the exchange of intelligence and for coordinating operational measures between the Moldovan investigators and police services from several EU Member States. Several operational meetings were organised, financed and chaired by Europol in order to enable the investigators to decide and coordinate their operational actions.
A couple weeks ago, I took the Path train over to New Jersey to attend the festivities at KCON NY. Between watching teens dancing to BTS's “Dope” and sipping on refreshing Korean drinks, I listened to Christine Chang of K-beauty e-retailer Glow Recipe speak. During her panel, she mentioned how some people in Korea do two sheet masks a day. Let me repeat, there are people who have the time to do two sheet masks every single day. Redditors on the Asian Beauty subreddit indulge in the daily skincare habit, too. (This is the same part of the Internet that brought us the heated sheet mask hack.) A user who goes by yasSkin wrote that using a sheet mask every day “is literally the only way [she] can keep [her] skin soft, radiant, and acne free.” I can't imagine doing one sheet mask every day, let alone two. Getting a facial once a week for a month was exhausting enough.
Time constraints aside, the beauty editor in me wondered what all that sheet masking really does for your skin. Just one every day, seven days a week seemed like it would irritate skin. So I posited a couple of dermatologists with a question: “Should you use a sheet mask every day?” The short answer is sure, go ahead. However, there are a couple catches.
“Yes, it's fine to use a sheet mask every day as long as it's not a glycolic acid-containing sheet mask,” Elizabeth Tanzi, founder and director of Capital Laser & Skin Care and associate clinical professor, department of dermatology at the George Washington University Medical Center in Washington, D.C., tells Allure. Why? Using sheet masks labelled “anti-aging”, which are usually formulated with exfoliating glycolic acid are too strong for daily use and can cause irritation.
Debra Jaliman, a New York City-based dermatologist, agrees. However, her caveat is those who are acne prone shouldn't sheet mask every day. “It can sometimes aggravate acne because it is occlusive and can block pores,” she explains. This can cause bacteria to grow on skin. Instead, she recommends using a sheet mask only once a week if you have acne-prone skin. Not acne prone? Using a sheet mask every day can help boost your skin's hydration levels, Jaliman says. “It helps push the ingredients into the skin,” she explains. With this in mind, Beverly Hills-based dermatologist Ava Shamban says you compares daily sheet masking to “using a super powered moisturizer every day rather than a regular moisturizer.” Also, if you have sensitive skin, sheet masks are a “good option because they have fewer preservative,” Tanzi adds. That means less chances of causing irritation.
Ready to challenge yourself to using a sheet mask every day? First of all, you probably want to set an alarm on your phone. As for which actual sheet masks to use, look specifically for ones with ceramides, squalene, hyaluronic acid, rice bran oil, and macadamia oil, Jaliman suggests. All help to moisturize skin. If you're hoping to brighten your skin, though, she recommends daily sheet masking with ones that include niacinamide, vitamin C and licorice root extract.
This article originally appeared on Allure.com
Transfer news LIVE updates: All the latest from Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester United and every Premier League clubs as deals are confirmed.
Wednesday, July 4
5.15pm: Chelsea are facing a fight to keep Willian this summer with Barcelona determined to sign the Brazil star.
The 29-year-old is currently in Russia at the World Cup preparing for the quarter-final clash with Belgium on Friday evening.
But Willian continues to be linked with Barcelona.
And Spanish outlet Don Balon, known for their bold and outlandish transfer claims, say Lionel Messi has approved a raid for the Chelsea winger.
That's after hearing praise from his Barcelona team-mates Philippe Coutinho and Neymar.
The reports also claim the Catalan club have already made a £44m (€50m) offer for Willian.
4.30pm: Arsenal have not completed a deal for Lucas Torreira, despite claims from his father and reports in Uruguay.
Now Football London journalist Charles Watts claims the Gunners are denying a deal has been concluded.
He said: “If everything goes to plan, Torreira should be an Arsenal player after Uruguay's participation at the World Cup comes to an end.
“But I'm categorically told by sources at Arsenal that no deal has been concluded, so until the contract is actually signed it can't be certain that the move will go through.
“No medical has taken place and no signatures have been put on any contracts.
“But an agreement is there in principle which should be ratified after the player returns from Russia.”
4pm: Real Madrid are considering Juventus' offer for star man Cristiano Ronaldo.
Ronaldo cast doubt over his future at Real Madrid after the Champions League final, promising an announcement “soon”.
And according to Sky Sports, Juventus have made the first move to sign the Portugal international.
The Serie A champions are said to have tabled an £88m bid for the former Manchester United man, with Real are yet to accept or reject their proposal.
Sky in Italy claim Juve decided on making a move after evaluating whether it made sense from a financial point of view, with Ronaldo having turned 33 in February.
London: Five-time Wimbledon champion Venus Williams dropped her opening service game and lost the first set before finding her rhythm to beat qualifier Alexandra Dulgheru 4-6, 6-0, 6-1 in the second round on Wednesday.
The 38-year-old American brought her experience to bear from the second set to seal a comfortable win in her first meeting with the Romanian.
“It's just credit to her, she played very well and took advantage, you have to at these championships,” Venus said of Dulgheru's first-set performance.
“It's not easy to play someone you haven't played, and I'm sure she's seen me play a lot, so she was extremely competitive,” she added.
Dulgheru, World No 141, came out fighting in the deciding set, won her serve and had two break points for the second game, only for Venus to save both and hold.
Asked about her improved performance from the second set and whether it confirmed her form as she seeks a second consecutive final and sixth title, she said, “It's just about winning a match, whether it's your best (tennis) or not doesn't matter.”
Tesla Inc Chief Executive Elon Musk tweeted that the electric carmaker was "deep in production hell", just days after the company said it would fall behind its planned ramp-up for the new Model 3 sedan due to production bottlenecks.
REUTERS: Tesla Inc Chief Executive Elon Musk on Friday pushed back the unveiling of the company's big rig truck until mid-November, tweeting that the electric vehicle maker was diverting resources to fix production bottlenecks of its new Model 3 sedan and to help Puerto Rico.
Musk said Tesla's Model 3 was "deep in production hell" echoing his own comments in July, when he showed off some of the first cars of that model.
The Model 3 could help Tesla approach its goal of becoming more of a mass market producer. Recent comments have tempered expectations about the speed of the increase in production, though.
Musk's comments came after the close of stock trading on Friday. The company's shares fell 0.8 percent in extended trading.
The Palo Alto, California-based company delivered just 220 Model 3 sedans and produced 260 in the third quarter. It had planned to produce more than 1,500.
Musk also tweeted the company was diverting resources to increasing battery production to help hurricane-hit Puerto Rico, where most residents remain without electricity.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Earlier this week Tesla reported that "production bottlenecks" had left it behind the planned ramp-up for the Model 3.
In response to a Tesla customer asking if he would get his car delivered this year, Musk tweeted, "December will be a big month, so probably, but it is impossible to be certain right now."
A Wall Street Journal report said parts of Model 3 were being made by hand as recently as early September, adding to production delays. (http://on.wsj.com/2kt5E17)
Musk also said Tesla would reschedule the unveiling of its semi-truck to Nov. 16 as it focuses on fixing production issues tied to Model 3 and increases battery production for Puerto Rico.
The unveiling of the truck, called Tesla Semi, has been delayed for the second time this year. Musk had initially said the truck would be unveiled in September, but he later rescheduled it to late October.
"Semi specs are better than anything I've seen reported so far. Semi eng/design team work is aces, but other needs are greater right now," Elon replied to a Twitter user who asked him about the specifications of the semi-truck.
Reuters in August reported that the truck would have a working range of 200-300 miles.
Earlier in the day, Musk said the company will send more battery installers to Puerto Rico to help restore power after Hurricane Maria knocked out power on the island over two weeks ago.
(Reporting by Munsif Vengattil in Bengaluru; Editing by Peter Henderson and Anil D'Silva and David Gregorio)
These days it's nearly impossible to know what women are spending on the way they look. Someone with Instagram-flawless contouring might have honed her craft using the finest from the drugstore aisles, and the utterly makeup-free type might be spending thousands on laser treatments or face serums. Enter our series, " What It Costs to Be Me ," where we're asking interesting women for radical transparency.
Up this week: Chicago-based stylist Whitney Middleton , 33, who counts Chance the Rapper among her list of high-profile clients. Her annual total? $4,050.
My Cut and Color Regimen: $1674
I've been getting my hair bleached and dyed blue four times a year since June 2014. It's a luxury and a priority for me because my hair is my power! It costs around $300 each time, so I budget in other ways. My colorist, Haley at Twisted Scissors , had been showing me photos of pastel hair for a year, but I wasn't ready until one day there was a voice from within that was like, If you dye your hair blue, your life's going to change. And you know what, honestly, it did. I think everyone should try it just once. I want people to have confidence that they can do a wild hair color and still look professional and cool.
If needed, I'll touch up at home with Sally Ion Bright ( $6 ). I've used just about every single blue they make and will mix them together to get a custom color. I like how the color fades every time you wash it; that way, I get to have seven or eight different shades of blue over time instead of just one. I get my hair cut about six times a year at $75 a pop. I've been going to Brian Kalz at The Colour Room since 2006. He knows rock stars of the eighties, which is how I want my hair to look.
My Crucial Hair Tools and Stylers: $300
I use a Hot Tools dryer ( $60 ) and ¾-inch curling iron ( $50 ), which is really affordable and sturdy. I have a ton of hair, so it's a process. On the days I don't wash it, I brush it with a Mason Pearson hairbrush ( $150 ) to distribute the oils and smooth everything out. It's expensive, but so gentle on your hair, it's worth it. I also rely on Tresemmé Fresh Start Dry Shampoo ( $9 ) and put Moroccanoil ( $31 ) on the ends when they're dry.
Loading View on Instagram
My Shower Staples: $84
If you can believe it, I only shampoo once every two weeks to maintain health and color. When I do, it's Shea Moisture Natural Shampoo ( $9 ). In between, I'll just rinse with water and finish with OGX Moroccan Argan Creme Conditioner ( $12 ) on the ends. I swear my hair feels great—not like a greaseball or anything. And it saves me so much time.
For my body, I love Italian soaps ( $12 ), usually rose scented, and I'll make my own exfoliating scrub with coconut oil ( $6 ), sugar, and a little lemon. To finish, I'll layer three different kinds of perfume for a personalized scent: Tommy Girl Eau de Toilette ( $30 ) sprayed over my head, which I've been wearing since the seventh grade, a dab of gardenia and vanilla behind each ear, and a little oil blend called Instant Luck ( $15 ) on my wrists.
My Morning Skin Care Routine: $83
I start each day with a cup of warm water and lemon to start hydrating—then I splash cold water on my face before anything else. After that, I'll spritz on Mario Badescu Rosewater ( $7 ), followed by The Ordinary Hyaluronic Acid Serum ( $7 ) and some Pixi Eye Elixir ( $22 ). I met a makeup artist recently and had her recommend a bunch of stuff for my skin like Embryolisse Lait Crème Concentre ( $29 ). It's so great in the morning—it's instantly moisturizing, and gets right in there so you don't have that tired look. I'll put some Olay Total Effects SPF Cream ( $18 ) on top for protection.
My Daytime Makeup: $151
I hate that heavy, mask-y feeling, so I go easy on the base and do a light tinted moisturizer like Laneige BB Cushion Hydra Radiance ( $38 ) and Make Up For Ever Ultra HD Concealer ( $28 ) just where I need it. I ran out of my usual blush, so I'm using this pink Revlon Colorburst Balm Stain ( $6 ) currently. Love a little two in one!
I go bolder with my eyes, since they're my favorite feature. I'm into a bright turquoise shadow stick ( $14 ) on my lids, lower lash lines, and in the inner corners, the exact color of my hair—but I also like an earthy clay brown ( $14 ) for a more neutral look. For a little definition, I'll work the taupe shade from the Revlon PhotoReady Eyeshadow Palette ( $8 ) into the crease, then hit my brow bone with a dash of the gold shimmer. Oh, and a layer of Wet 'N Wild Photo Focus Eyeshadow Primer ( $5 ) underneath everything helps it all stick. I shape my eyebrows with Benefit Brow Zings ( $32 ) and I'm committed to CoverGirl Lash Blast Mascara ( $6 ). It's so good. My mom always taught me that if you were stranded on a desert island, all you'd need makeup-wise is mascara and blush. I don't know why I'd care about makeup on a desert island, but still, it's such great advice.
My Evening Skin Care Routine: $98
I swear by a peppermint soak with Dr. Bronner's soap ( $10 ). I'll pour a little bit—or a lot bit!—in the bath; it turns the water this milky color and is just kind of magical for tired muscles after a long day on set. The peppermint is super-tingly on your skin and the aromatherapy is healing for your throat and lungs. I use Avène Cold Cream Cleansing Bar ( $10 ) to remove makeup and every few days, I'll exfoliate with Pixi Glow Tonic ( $15 ). I like RoC Retinol Correxion Eye Cream ( $18 ) and Mario Badescu A-D-E Neck Cream ( $20 ). I hate saying that one because it makes me feel like I'm 90 years old, but whatever, neck wrinkles are real. And nothing's better than CeraVe Moisturizing Body Lotion ( $11 ) and Genes vitamin E Body Creme ( $14 ) if you have dry skin.
Loading View on Instagram
My Occasional Beauty Pick-me-ups: $52
I haven't explored many skin treatments yet. I'm trying to hold out as long as I still look fresh. But I love a good sheet mask. They're perfect as a travel treat and so fast. I'm not loyal to any one brand—I like to try them all. Typically, I look for brightening and hydrating formulas like the Tony Moly Wine or Cucumber ones ( $3 each). I'm usually a nothing-on-my-lips kind of gal, but for special occasions and a confidence boost, I'll wear the deep burgundy or brick-red Balm Stain by Revlon ( $7 ).
My Wellness Routine: $1608
I love yoga—it heals all my pains while helping me tune in to what my body needs. For me, it's more about wellness than exercise. I try to go to a class at McFetridge Sports Center ( $12 ) twice a week. Once a month, I'll indulge in reflexology massage that costs around $30 each time. It makes the biggest difference, plus you don't have to take your clothes off or make a full day of it. Then there's journaling, which is free. My ultimate wellness tool is doing three pages of freeform writing every morning when I wake up: anything I want to write about, without judgement. It centers me for the day and helps me love and appreciate every part of me. It makes me feel the most beautiful inside, which radiates out. You can slap on all the makeup, skin care, whatever, but it won't be effective unless you feel right.
Real beauty goes beyond the surface—and so do we. Sign up for our newsletter to get honest reviews, personal essays, and more every day.
Transit across northern B.C. was key issue raised repeatedly during last fall's hearings in Smithers
The British Columbia government has released a snapshot of the results of its transportation upgrades along Highway 16, the route also known as the Highway of Tears.
The update comes on the first anniversary of expanded transit service connecting communities along highway where RCMP say 18 women have disappeared or have been murdered.
A news release from the Ministry of Transportation says approximately 5,000 people have used the expanded transit service over the last year.
That service connects Prince George to Burns Lake, Smithers, the Hazelton area and Terrace, a distance of nearly 600 kilometres.
The ministry says more than 9,000 passengers have also used the new community-vehicle program since the summer.
That includes 7,000 passengers, or 43 people every day who rely on the 18-kilometre shuttle service between Vanderhoof and the Saik'uz community.
“People in northern B.C., in particular, women and teenaged girls, are benefiting from these new transportation services, knowing there is a safe link to get between communities,” Transportation Minister Claire Trevena says in the release.
Reg Mueller, Deputy Tribal Chief with the Carrier Sekani Tribal Council, says the community-vehicle program provides valuable access to employment and education opportunities.
Vanderhoof Mayor Gerry Thiessen says it has “changed our communities for the better.”
Transit across northern B.C. was a key issue raised repeatedly during last fall's hearings in Smithers by the national inquiry into missing and murdered Indigenous women.
Gladys Radek, whose 22-year-old niece Tamara Lynn Chipman disappeared while hitchhiking in Prince Rupert in 2005, told the inquiry she knows people who have to hitchhike just to go to work and called for a free shuttle bus service.
The subsidized Highway 16 transit service has prompted Greyhound Canada to ask for provincial regulatory approval to cancel its route from Prince George to Prince Rupert.
When the application was submitted last summer, Greyhound said the subsidized routes had “literally put us out of business” along the corridor.
The Passenger Transportation Board is due to rule soon on Greyhound's application.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Sensory cart aims to help calm kids with autism while in the hospital
According to the CDC, one in 68 children has been identified with autism spectrum disorder, or ASD. Children with ASD are 20 percent more likely to be hospitalized for injuries than typically developing children. For a child with ASD, a hospital visit can provoke challenging behaviors. But now, hospitals are using a cart full of tricks to calm patients with ASD and allow them to get the care they need.
Anna loves to dance.
She also has autism. Children like Anna have a hard time communicating their needs to others.
“She knew I wasn't understanding. So, I'd see the pain in her eyes because she's literally trying to tell her mommy something, and she knows her mommy doesn't understand,” said Angelique Hall, Anna's Mother.
And when it comes to hospital visits, it can be challenging for both parents and healthcare providers. It may be difficult to understand the needs or wants of a patient with ASD and it may be tough to keep them calm while they are in the hospital. Allison Rein is an emergency room child life specialist.
“For kids on the autism spectrum disorder, with other sensory difficulties, it's gonna be completely out of their normal day,” stated Allison Rein, CCLS, a Child Life Specialist at Arnold Palmer Hospital.
So to keep kids calm, Rein relies on a cart full of simple tricks. It's called the sensory cart. The cart is packed with a bubble tube, aromatherapy diffusers. And a projector to display relaxing images on the nearest wall.
The cart can even pump out tunes to help soothe anxious kids. Haley Messmore, CCLS, Inpatient Critical Care Unit at Arnold Palmer Hospital uses the sensory cart for her admitted patients.
“Sensory stimulation is a really important thing in the hospital when they have lots of unfamiliar settings and noises and people. Providing those opportunities where they feel that something is familiar is really important,” said Messmore.
Giving patients with ASD a safe space so they can get the care they need.
The cart is not only for children with ASD. Specialists can use this for any kid going into surgery to calm their nerves. Most children's hospitals around the country have a sensory cart similar to this that can be requested if it is available.
Author: Ivanhoe Newswire
Oh gosh, people. Time sure does fly, doesn't it? We've been lucky to have so many contributions to the Who We Are series that we are swimming in to-be-scheduled posts… but even so, I apologise that this particular topic had been waiting so long!
We initially put out a call for contributions for LGBTQ sewists in November, and then published Jasika's beautiful post about the intersectionality of her crafting as a queer biracial woman. We got to play a small part in the launch of the #sewqueer hashtag through Shannon's post about being a queer sewist.
Meanwhile, we received the following contributions, and two stand-alone posts which just happen to be written by women with similar names! We'll be publishing Claire and Clara's post later this week.
Regan says,
Hey folks! So you asked for a paragraph or two on how being aromantic/asexual has shifted my focus to my clothes. First, some definitions:
Asexual: not feeling sexual attraction often or at all. Not looking at a person and thinking, “Wow, they're hot!” There are lots of different ways to be asexual.
Aromantic: not feeling romantic attraction often or at all. This often manifests in lack of dating. I consider myself demiromantic, meaning that I can only feel romantic attraction when I am already close friends with a person. It means that casual or blind dates are out of the question for me.
Neither of these imply that a person is broken, heartless, cruel, or robotic. Ace/Aro people can still have meaningful relationships, they just lack certain elements like sex or romance.
Realizing I was aro/ace helped me feel better about how much time I spend thinking about clothes and aesthetics. I mean, I haven't sewn since this summer (cough science major cough) but I still think about what additions to my wardrobe I want. Quite a lot. Now, I can reassure myself that I'm not fixated on clothing, but even if I am a little, it's alright. I'm not choosing material things over dating and bonding with someone — I rarely care for dating and those social norms, and I'm not capable of romantic attraction for someone I just met. I believe that focusing on aesthetics — how outfits look or their presentation — isn't bad, because it makes me more confident to know I've captured a certain vibe. I have this one outfit that feels very western and Montana-y and I love it. I enjoy cultivating certain aesthetics.
Realizing I'm on the spectrum for both aromantic and asexual didn't change who I am. I'm still a nerd with lots of hobbies. It helped me feel a little bit better about dressing the way I want to, even if it's just for looks.
Siobhan says,
I've thought about this a lot, I don't know any other lesbian sewists I real life, although I do on Instagram. I miss not having these women as part of my sewing community, but having said that, I've found wonderful, not just accepting, but embracing, women in the sewing community. In fact lesbians have judged me for sewing — I stopped sewing for years because of this — but I've never had judgement for being a lesbian in the sewing community.
During the past 2 months of a public vote on marriage equality in Australia, the sewing community has been a loud and proud supportive voice and I feel throughly embraced by it. The sewing community is a place where I feel very comfortable — they are more interested in my hemline than whether I'm wearing a frock or a flannel shirt.
Madeline says,
When people talk about why sewing is important to them, a theme I hear over and over is body acceptance. For me, my body and my queer identity are linked. Part of being queer is having to be comfortable in spaces that weren't created for people like me. Learning to love my body and learning to accept and love my own queer identity have gone hand-in-hand for me. Creating my own clothes only furthered that acceptance. In learning that it's not my that my body doesn't fit the clothes, It's that the clothes don't fit my body, I am reminded that there is a space and a place for me as a queer woman — a queer sewist — and when spaces aren't welcoming, that's on them, not on me.
I'm a queer cis-woman. I generally use the umbrella term queer when I have to give a quick identity run down since it lets people know I don't fit neatly into a sexual identity. If I'm giving specific terms, I say demisexual and pan romantic. I use the phrase “on the asexual spectrum”. When I learned the word demisexual, it was earth shaking. Being able to craft an identity for myself through all the learned words — queer and demi and ace and pan; the difference between sexual and romantic — settled something in me I didn't even know was unsettled. Having words to name who you are is so important.
It's that naming your own identity that fits in so well with being a sewist. In making my own clothes, I am making very deliberate choices about how the world sees me. Clothes are part of how we communicate identity to the world. I can — and do — use clothes to hide behind, but when I make my own clothes, I make them for my full self, because I make them as my full self. I can't be anything other than a queer sewist.
I know that our Sewcialists conversations highlighting LGBTQ sewists aren't over after this week, though — inclusion is a daily act, not a theme month! If one thing is clear, it is that queer sewists feel left out of the mainstream blogosphere, and that is something we can all work to improve. If you aren't already, please consider supporting LGBTQ sewists by following the #sewqueer hashtag, and commenting below or on social media!
The five-star venue is recruiting kitchen staff, garden workers and wedding teams.
But the advert, which showed a picture of plates and cutlery, had a caption saying: “Slightly OCD? Then we'd like to hear from you.”
Mental health campaigners have slammed the Fairyhill Hotel, in Reynoldston, Gower, West Glamorgan, for “trivialising” obsessive compulsive disorder.
Cerith Jones tweeted: “OCD isn't as simple as wanting your cutlery in order and the choice of words and images in this is damaging. It's a poor advert for a really nice place.”
MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) — Memphis has signed forward Kynon Davenport out of Georgia Highlands College as the Tigers continue restocking their roster after losing their top three scorers from this season to transfers.
Davenport, who is 6-foot-8, averaged 16.5 points, 10.5 rebounds and 3 blocks for Georgia Highlands this season. His 101 total blocks ranked fourth among National Junior College Athletic Association players.
Memphis coach Tubby Smith said in a statement Monday that “Kynon is very athletic and mobile.”
Davenport is the second junior-college prospect to sign with Memphis over the last week. Memphis also added guard Kareem Brewton from Eastern Florida State College.
Dedric Lawson, K.J. Lawson and Markel Crawford are leaving Memphis after averaging a combined 44.3 points and 22.4 rebounds this season. The Lawson brothers say they're transferring to Kansas .
___
More AP college basketball: www.collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
Hulu has canceled “The Path” after three seasons, Variety has confirmed.
“While it's sad that ‘The Path' is ending, I'm brimming with gratitude and pride. It was a gift to be able to tell challenging and emotional stories for three seasons in this very strange and unique world,” series creator Jessica Goldberg said in a statement. “The caliber of talent and passion everyone who worked on this show brought– from my partners Jason Katims and Michelle Lee, the execs at Hulu, the writers, actors, directors, designers, and crew– was something to behold, and for which I'm very thankful. Thanks Hulu and Universal Television for taking a shot on this show, it was a life-changing experience.”
The series starred Aaron Paul, Michelle Monaghan, Hugh Dancy, Kyle Allen, Emma Greenwell and Freida Pinto. Season 3 of the drama series debuted in January and concluded on March 28. The series followed a family at the center of a controversial cult movement. Goldberg created the series and served as executive producer along with Jason Katims and Michelle Lee. Universal Television and Katims's True Jack Productions produced.
Goldberg landed a pilot order at NBC back in February for a drama titled “Suspicion.” The series, based on the book by Joseph Finder, is billed as a “Hitchcockian thriler” that revolves around a man who is coerced to become an informant for the FBI after accepting a loan from his millionaire neighbor. Goldberg penned the script and will exec produce with Keshet's Rachel Kaplan, Peter Traugott, Avi Nir, Alon Shtruzman and Finder.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Are the Lions for real? Bob Wojnowski, John Niyo and Justin Rogers look at the Lions as they roll into Week 5 against the Carolina Panthers at Ford Field. Detroit News
Ameer Abdullah and the Lions run up against some opposition in Week 5 against the Panthers. (Photo: Daniel Mears, Detroit News)
Justin Rogers, James Hawkins, John Niyo and Bob Wojnowski predict the outcome of Sunday's game at Ford Field (1 p.m. FOX/760).
Justin Rogers: The Panthers' offense got rolling against the Patriots, and their option-based play-action offense can really stress a defense. But the biggest problem is they've been turning it over too much, which plays into the Lions' opportunistic defense's hands. Lions 19-16
James Hawkins: The Panthers have managed to win despite one of the league's worst turnover margins and Cam Newton's favorite target Greg Olsen on the IR. That recipe for success won't work against the Lions' opportunistic defense, which will come through once again and find a way to frustrate Newton. Lions 24-17
John Niyo: This one feels like a trap game for the Lions, particularly now that Carolina finally found a spark offensively. But it also feels like a game where Matthew Stafford finally can find some more success through the air against a depleted secondary. Lions 28-24
Bob Wojnowski: The Lions defense has been a revelation so far, but this is a unique test. Cam Newton found his legs and his accuracy in a victory at New England, and the Panthers are starting to look like the NFC contender they were expected to be. Matthew Stafford and the offense haven't put together a complete game yet, and it'll be needed in this one. Rookie runner Christian McCaffrey creates problems, and Carolina pulls it out in the fourth quarter. Panthers 23-20
The last time US astronauts visited the Moon was during the Apollo missions of the 1960s and 1970s.
WASHINGTON: US President Donald Trump directed NASA on Monday (Dec 11) to send Americans to the Moon for the first time in decades, a move he said would help prepare for a future Mars trip.
"This time we will not only plant our flag and leave our footprint," Trump said at the White House as he signed the new space policy directive.
"We will establish a foundation for an eventual mission to Mars and perhaps someday to many worlds beyond."
The directive calls on NASA to ramp up its efforts to send people to deep space, a policy that unites politicians on both sides of the aisle in the United States.
However, it steered clear of the most divisive and thorny issues in space exploration: budgets and timelines.
Space policy experts agree that any attempt to send people to Mars, which lies an average of 225 million kilometres from Earth, would require immense technical prowess and a massive wallet.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The last time US astronauts visited the Moon was during the Apollo missions of the 1960s and 1970s.
On Jul 20, 1969, US astronaut Neil Armstrong became the first man to walk on the Moon.
Trump, who signed the directive in the presence of Harrison Schmitt, one of the last Americans to walk on the Moon 45 years ago, said "today, we pledge that he will not be the last."
Trump and Vice President Mike Pence, who heads the newly revitalised National Space Council, have previously vowed to explore the Moon again, but offered few details.
'WE'RE DREAMING BIG'
Former US president George W. Bush also pledged to send Americans to the Moon as part of the Constellation program, which ran from 2005 to 2009.
Constellation was projected to cost US$100 billion, and aimed to get boots on the Moon's surface by the late 2020s.
In 2009, then president Barack Obama deemed it too costly and repetitive of missions already achieved, and cancelled the programme in order to focus on reaching Mars by the 2030s.
Trump vowed his new directive "will refocus the space programme on human exploration and discovery," and "marks an important step in returning American astronauts to the Moon for the first time since 1972."
The goal of the new Moon missions would include "long-term exploration and use" of its surface.
"We're dreaming big," Trump said.
A White House statement acknowledged that partnerships with other nations and private industry would still be needed.
The US "will work with other nations and private industry to return astronauts to the Moon, developing the technology and means for manned exploration of Mars and other destinations in our solar system," it said.
SINGAPORE: Trains on the upcoming Thomson-East coastline (TEL) will feature tip-up seats, route maps on LCD displays, automated track inspection systems and additional doors, the Land Transport Authority said on Wednesday (Jul 4).
The TEL, which is set to open progressively from 2019, will feature 91 four-car trains. The first train arrived in May while the remaining 90 will be delivered from August, with about two trains arriving a month, LTA said.
Advertisement
During the unveiling of the line's first train on Wednesday, LTA showcased some of the new features that were announced.
Transport Minister Khaw Boon Wan and Senior Minister of State for Transport Janil Puthucheary are briefed on the TEL train. (Photo: Amir Yusof)
Minister for Transport Khaw Boon Wan and Senior Minister of State for Transport Janil Puthucheary toured the train, along with LTA officials and members of the media.
The group was introduced to the train's LCD dynamic route map display, which was installed to inform commuters where they are on the line's network map as well as which side of the train the doors will open or close.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Unlike the LED display used on other lines, the LCD dynamic route map display on the TEL is easily configurable. (Photo: Amir Yusof)
The graphics to illustrate these elements will be used by passengers for "more intuitive navigation", LTA said. It added that the LCD display is easier to configure than the LED display currently used on other lines.
"For example, tasks such as adding new stations can be achieved without the need for hardware changes. This is particularly useful for TEL, which will roll out operations over several stages," added LTA.
In addition, 60 TEL trains will feature tip-up seats. The seats were launched on the new North-South and East-West Line trains earlier this year to create more standing space for commuters during peak hours.
Two of the new TEL trains will also be installed with an automated track inspection system of cameras, lasers and sensors to detect any rail defects or faults.
Transport Minister Khaw Boon Wan inspecting the first Thomson-East coastline train. (Photo: Amir Yusof)
LTA said the line cameras are able to detect defects such as rail cracks, missing fasteners or foreign objects.
"If any anomaly is detected, the maintenance team can intervene early and assess the next course of action, which in turn helps to improve rail reliability," LTA said.
As previously announced, the TEL trains are the first in Singapore with five doors on the side of each car. This will facilitate smoother boarding and alighting of passengers, LTA said.
The trains, which have a brown livery representing the TEL, will undergo further testing in preparation for passenger service when the first stage of the line opens in end-2019. The remaining trains will progressively arrive between now and 2022.
The first Thomson-East coastline train. (Photo: Amir Yusof)
LTA said it purchased the 91 TEL trains for about S$749 million in May 2014 from a consortium made up of Japan's Kawasaki Heavy Industries and China's CSR Qingdao Sifang .
The 43km, 31-station TEL will connect commuters living in the eastern part of Singapore such as Bedok and Marine Parade to the city centre, as well as to areas in Thomson and Woodlands. It is expected to be fully operational in 2024.
SYDNEY: Profits for the airline industry will be solid this year but are unlikely to be at the level anticipated in December, the head of the International Air Transport Association said on Thursday (May 31).
Alexandre de Juniac, speaking to reporters at a media event ahead of the organisation's annual meeting due to begin on Sunday, said fresh forecast would be given next week, adding that the December projection was based on oil at US$60 per barrel.
Advertisement
In December, the group had predicted a record US$38.4 billion net profit for the airline industry in 2018, with US$27.9 billion coming from US and European airlines.
Juniac said higher fuel price had not yet been passed on in fares yet.
IATA represents some 280 airlines comprising 83 per cent of global air traffic.
Mama June's daughter, Lauryn “Pumpkin” Shannon finally revealed the sex of her baby, and RadarOnline.com has learned it's a girl! Click through to see the adorable way the seventeen-year-old reality star revealed the news with fiancé Joshua Efrid! 's daughter,finally revealed the sex of her baby, and RadarOnline.com has learned it's a girl! Click through to see the adorable way the seventeen-year-old reality star revealed the news with fiancé Photo credit: BACKGRID/MEGA
Looks like Mama June Shannon, 35, is ready to become a grandma to a beautiful baby girl! Just this Friday, Lauryn Shannon posted a photo of her posing with Joshua while wearing a T-shirt that read, “It's a Girl.” The teen previously told fans that she was almost certain it would be a girl, since her family is filled with ladies. "Can you imagine another little f--king me running around?” She said at the time. “You guys are going to be f--ked!" Photo credit: BACKGRID
The engaged pair looked happier than ever as they shared the news with their fans. Joshua sweetly placed his hand on Lauryn's baby bump as they smiled for the cameras. Photo credit: BACKGRID
As Radar readers know, the duo announced their pregnancy via social media on August 7 of this year. "So now that the news is out me and josh are expecting a little one," she captioned a photo of her sonogram on Instagram. "So happy to start this new adventure with him. Love you baby." Photo credit: Getty Images
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Prisoners are arming themselves with 10inch kitchen knives flown in on drones in the jail where an inmate was stabbed to death.
Saleh Khader, 25, was murdered at Wormwood Scrubs jail, weeks after a report warned of a surge in violence.
It is understood he was attacked by a number of inmates who were armed, amid concerns knives are being flown into the west London prison on drones.
A source said: “There are all sorts of lethal weapons all over the jail. Not just homemade shanks, some inmates have got massive kitchen knives. It's frightening. It's lawless.”
Dave Todd from the Prison Officer Association said: “It is lawless. In a lot of jails you have 300 or 400 prisoners with two or three prison officers. How can we maintain order when the staffing levels are like this? I would like to pass our condolences to the family of Mr Khader.”
Mr Todd said the jail had problems with gang violence that reflects life outside the jail.
(Image: Getty)
Mr Khader, a father-of-one, was being held ahead of his sentencing next month for drugs offences.
His mother Amina Dualeh said: “I cannot believe his life has been taken while inside a prison. It is unacceptable. I have lost my son and he is never coming back. Who has the responsibility? I am so sad.”
His uncle, Duale Yusuf, a Somali community activist, said Mr Saleh had been targeted by a gang inside the prison.
Paramedics and police were called on Wednesday afternoon to a man bleeding to death in the West London category B prison.
The inmate had reportedly collapsed in another prisoner's cell with multiple stab wounds.
(Image: PA)
Four men aged, 21, 21, 20, 23, all prisoners at HMP Wormwood Scrubs, have been arrested on suspicion of murder. All four remain in police custody.
An HM Inspectorate of Prisons' report published in December said the Shepherd's Bush prison, which holds more than 1,200 men, had high levels of often serious violence, resulting in some significant injuries.
Chief inspector of prisons Peter Clarke said it painted an “extremely concerning picture”.
Sammohanam trailer: Aditi Rao Hydari, Sudheer Babu star in this part-breezy, part-intense love story
In the latest glimpse of Sammohanam starring Sudheer Babu and Aditi Rao Hydari, we get a closer look into the crux of this upcoming romantic comedy, which also happens to be the actress's debut in Tollywood.
While the teaser introduced us to Aditi as an actor named Sameera and Sudheer as a cartoonist, the trailer further shows us how their worlds collide and the main plot of this part-breezy, part-intense love story. And looks like Aditi is almost playing her real self for this one!
Sudheer's many dialogues through the two-minute trailer establish the fact that the man does not believe in the world of cinema and especially the people of the industry. For him, it's a farce and as an outsider, he fails to understand the logic behind Sameera trying to fit in to the Telugu industry.
However, the latest trailer showcases how his life takes a turn when he meets and falls in love with Sameera aka Aditi.
The trailer ends on a bitter note as the relationship between Sudheer and Aditi almost falls apart and both hurt each other's sentiments.
With few humorous scenes here and there, Sammohanam seems to be a drama of how two people — with opposite ideals and contrasting professions — fall in love and deal with the pain that comes along with it. Now what is causing the two to be at logger heads and if and how they'll get along, has got many curious.
Sudheer and Aditi seem to share an interesting chemistry as we witness flashes of their romance amidst beautiful locales. The upcoming Telugu film also has many supporting characters played by Naresh, Tanikella Bharani, Rahul Ramakrishna and others.
Directed by Mohanakrishna Indraganti and with compositions by Vidyasagar, Sammohanam is all set to release on 15 June.
Watch the trailer below:
Updated Date: May 31, 2018 13:21 PM
London's premier index rebounded into positive territory on Monday as investor jitters eased over the stand-off between the United States and North Korea.
The FTSE 100 Index closed up 43.93 points to 7,353.89, with mining giants helping to push the market higher despite a mixed economic update from China.
Copper miner Glencore was among the biggest risers, lifting 9.9p to 331.9p, while BHP Billiton rose 25p to 1,361p.
It comes after more than £27 billion was wiped off the value of blue-chip stocks on Thursday, sending the FTSE 100 to its biggest daily fall since April 18 this year.
Across Europe, Germany's Dax was 1.3% higher and the Cac 40 in France rose by 1.2%.
David Madden, market analyst at CMC Markets UK, said European investors had seen signs of improvement in the tensions between the US and North Korea.
He said: "The stand-off is far from over, but traders are taking their cues from Washington DC which is hoping to pursue a political end to the tense situation.
"We heard over the weekend the US isn't interested in regime change when it comes to North Korea, and investors are bargain hunting on the back of this.
"Mining companies like Glencore, Anglo American, Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton are some of the biggest gainers on the FTSE 100 today even though China's data overnight failed to impress investors.
"The industrial production, retail sales and fixed asset investment figures from China showed the economy is growing at a slower rate than economists expected."
On the currency markets, the pound was down 0.3% against the US dollar after the greenback strengthened on hopes that tensions between America and North Korea will cool.
Sterling was 0.1% up versus the euro at 1.10.
The price of oil continued to sink - dropping 0.7% to 51.56 US dollars a barrel - amid concerns that slower economic growth in China will hamper demand.
In UK stocks, Thomson-owner TUI Group was the biggest riser after being handed a broker upgrade from under perform to neutral by Credit Suisse. Shares climbed 59p to 1,290p.
Outside of the top tier, John Menzies saw its share price jump by more than 1% after a £40 million merger between the firm's distribution arm and DX Group was scrapped.
Shares rose 10p to 7130p following a stock market announcement saying it did not believe it could agree terms that would interest John Menzies shareholders.
For that reason, despite the "strong strategic and commercial benefits" of the tie-up, the deal has been "terminated".
The biggest risers on the FTSE 100 Index were TUI Group up 59p to 1,290p, Glencore up 9.9p to 331.9p, Convatec Group up 6.3p to 292.2p, Standard Charered up 15.7p to 769.3p.
The biggest fallers were Experian down 22p to 1,495p, G4S down 3.4p to 296p, Marks & Spencer down 3.6p to 323.5p, Provident Financial down 20p to 1,956p.
Students of the University of Utah all know the struggle of walking from class to class in the murderous heat of late August or the unmerciful frigidness of January. After all, our campus is huge, and there's a lot of ground to cover. It goes without saying we are lucky to have campus shuttles that pick us up every few minutes to get us to where we need to be without having to face the weather, but have we ever considered the negative aspects of the campus shuttles? After giving it some thought, I find the majority of U shuttles are unnecessary.
The orange line, which transports students to and from the dorms and the Union, are understandable. They are quick and handy for students living on campus who want to get home quickly. It's also understandable if you have to go from the hospital to President's Circle in fewer than 15 minutes, as I acknowledge that there's no way that's happening on foot in a reasonable amount of time. Other than that, where are the benefits of having the shuttles, aside from catering to laziness and those who don't want to wear jackets in cold weather?
I stopped using campus shuttles after my first semester. Even when it was snowy and wet, I walked to class because taking the shuttles would have taken too long to get from one class to the next. For me, getting to class on time has been a higher priority than having warm feet. Typically by the time I got out of class, the nearest shuttle that would take me to where I needed to go was either too far away or I had just missed the one I needed and another wouldn't be arriving for several minutes, minutes I could spend walking instead of sitting in the cold.
When paying for last semester's tuition and fees, I noticed a transportation fee that makes sense. Students can use UTA buses and TRAX. In my opinion, it was higher than it needed to be, especially when few people use the transportation included in the fees. In fact, because of that specific fee, I didn't have money for books. Only when taking the shuttle to Crimson Nights did I see a full shuttle. While others may have different experiences, the majority of the time I only saw a couple people on the shuttle every day, even when I lived on campus. Getting rid of campus shuttles would save students hundreds of much-needed dollars.
The removal of campus shuttles would also cut back on emissions. We are a commuter school, and students who have to drive to campus do that regardless of shuttles. We also have to pay for parking passes. The transportation fee should be used to pay for student parking instead of shuttles. The shuttles run all day on campus. The blue and red shuttles are especially a waste because they hit the exact same spots, but in reverse orders. The U has acknowledged that Utah itself needs to have cleaner air and supports the Clean Air Act by posting signs around campus, encouraging carpooling and handing out air masks to students who have a particularly hard time breathing, but these shuttles aren't examples of practicing what we preach.
Campus shuttles are too costly, both financially and environmentally. Getting rid of most shuttles would improve air, save money and encourage walking across campus.
letters@chronicle.utah.edu
By Radu-Sorin Marinas and Luiza Ilie
| BUCHAREST
BUCHAREST The ruling Social Democrat (PSD) Party withdrew its support for Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu on Wednesday, clearing the way for a new cabinet, shortly after a junior ally pulled its ministers out of the government. Grindeanu, a Social Democrat, has been under pressure to reshuffle his team, with some senior politicians from both the PSD and ALDE accusing his cabinet of poor performance and failing to uphold the governing programme.The PSD wound up a week-long performance review of Grindeanu's six-month old cabinet on Wednesday evening. The programme, promising tax cuts and big wage hikes, delivered the party a sweeping election victory and a comfortable parliament majority in December."Out of 390 measures in the governing programme, some 260 have not yet been implemented," ALDE leader Calin Tariceanu told reporters after a meeting of party officials. "We're not talking here only about quantity, but of quality of the governing act."Tariceanu said the partnership with the PSD was still valid, but the current team of ministers had failed to make genuine reforms of the education and health systems, to create a national sovereign fund as pledged, or to issue treasury bills for individuals.
Grindeanu has said he has no reason to resign. If he refuses to do so, the ruling coalition must file a vote of no-confidence against him in parliament and nominate a new premier.If the government resigns there would be more delays in policymaking in the European Union's second-poorest state, which has massive healthcare and transport infrastructure needs.Under Romanian law, the president must appoint a premier after consultations with political parties. The designated premier then needs to secure a vote of confidence from parliament, where PSD and ALDE control a comfortable majority.
Sergiu Miscoiu, a political science professor at Babes-Bolyai University, said there would be "no gain here for the Social Democrats - the party will see a huge loss of image, or what was left of it."The PSD's great advantage was unity and its capacity to mobilise, vertical decisions and discipline. These myths are gone now. To the extent that Grindeanu will resign, he will throw the ball into President [Klaus] Iohannis's court, who could appoint a technocrat," Miscoiu said.
Analysts have said the PSD's programme is based on an overly optimistic estimate of economic growth and could push the country's fiscal deficit above the EU's threshold with double-digit public-sector wage hikes and tax cuts.Romania was the EU's fastest-growing economy in the first quarter, expanding by 5.7 percent, and its budget ran a small surplus at the end of April.The legacy of Grindeanu's government also includes a failed attempt at the start of the year to decriminalise several corruption offences, a move foiled by the largest street protests in Romania since the 1989 fall of its communist regime. (Writing by Radu Marinas; Editing by Mark Heinrich)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
TOKYO: Two Syrian asylum seekers on Tuesday (Mar 20) lost a bid to overturn a government decision to deny them refugee status, in the first such lawsuit in Japan since civil war erupted in the Middle Eastern state in 2011.
The Tokyo District Court upheld a government ruling made five years ago, that the pair's bid for asylum was not admissible under international refugee law.
"The world understands the Syrian situation - it's getting worse. But the Japanese court hasn't understood that at all," one of the plaintiffs, Joude Youssef, told a news conference.
Speaking in Arabic through a Japanese interpreter, Youssef said he planned to appeal the court's decision.
The second asylum seeker was not at the news conference.
Lawyers said Youssef had the right to stay in Japan, under a humanitarian status that allows residency but not full refugee rights. It was not clear if the second plaintiff would appeal.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Immigration and asylum are sensitive subjects in Japan, where many pride themselves on cultural and ethnic homogeneity even amid a shrinking population and the worst labour shortage since the 1970s.
Youssef, a Kurd from the north of Syria, had applied for asylum in Japan in 2012, after saying he was persecuted for organising pro-democracy demonstrations.
The Japanese government rejected the claim a year later, saying he lacked proof of his involvement in protests in Syria.
The second plaintiff had claimed asylum after refusing military service in Syria.
Although a major donor to international aid organisations, Japan has remained reluctant to take in refugees.
It accepted only 20 last year, with a record 19,628 people applying for asylum.
Japan has said the majority of those seeking asylum do so for economic reasons. In January it limited asylum seekers' right to work, as it looks to stamp out what it calls the abuse of the asylum system.
More than 5.4 million people have fled from Syria since 2011, according to the UN refugee agency, with most seeking safety in other Middle Eastern countries and Europe.
Some 81 Syrians have sought asylum in Japan during that period, with only 12 awarded refugee status, the Justice Ministry said. Another 56 have been allowed to stay for humanitarian reasons.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) – Buffalo Crime Stoppers is offering up to a $2,500 reward for information leading to the arrest or indictment of the person or persons responsible for the murder of Leon Nelson.
Nelson was found deceased July 31 in the area of 196 May St. in Buffalo.
Anyone with information leading to the arrest or indictment of the person or persons responsible is asked to call Crime Stoppers Buffalo at (716)867-6161.
(Short version: The trio met when the Woodcocks learned of trumped-up rioting charges levied against Hunter following a 2016 arrest; they pressured the prosecuting attorney's office until said charges were dropped; all three became fast friends; now, they've decided to open a vegan restaurant together.)
“As our friendship grew, we really wanted to use whatever skills or opportunities we might have access to to really help Louis rebuild his life,” Sarah explained then. “Not only did the charges get dropped, but could this be a catalyst for something really great in Louis's life? Could we make this difficult situation into something that really turns the tide and makes a difference?”
Again. Heart. Warming.
The Trio trio, all smiles. Trio Plant-Based
We mentioned then that a Kickstarter campaign was coming in the near-ish future, and it appears that Kickstarter is up and running. With six days to go, their brick-and-mortar restaurant, which they've decided to call Trio Plant-Based, is about $10k shy of reaching a $50,000 goal.
"One thing I've learned is that while being vegan is integral to social change, it's only part of the solution," Sarah writes on the campaign's landing page. Social justice, conscious consumption—these things are all connected. It was one year after going vegan that she got involved with Black Lives Matter, which is how she and her husband eventually became acquainted with Hunter. And that's tied into the Trio mission, too—when it opens, it'll be Minneapolis' first primarily minority-owned vegan restaurant.
The crowdfunding effort follows three "wildly successful," pop-up dinners, where a sold-out crowd chowed down on the meat-free lasagna pictured above, plus "chicken" wings, salad made with the Trio trio's homemade, dairy-free ranch, and this mouthwatering burger and fries:
LOOK AT IT. Trio Plant-Based
Sweets-wise, they served up root beer floats and vanilla cake drizzled with strawberry sauce.
"We've put our hearts and souls into our food, along with our love for justice and our love for the community ... back our Kickstarter, and invest in opening a plant-based restaurant where everyone—regardless of race, color, sexual orientation, gender, religion, disability, or income—will have a seat at the table," that crowdfunding description concludes.
Hey, that sounds pretty good to us. Sounds good to you, too? You can help bring Trio to life here. And there's another pop-up planned for this Saturday at Breaking Bread, so if you want to try out their BBQ ribs and mac and "cheeze," tickets and more info for that can be found here.
Getty Images
Yes, the wheels of justice can move slowly. But, inevitably, they move.
In the litigation arising from the failure to play the 2016 Hall of Fame game between the Colts and Packers, Pro Football Hall of Fame President and CEO David Baker's will testify under oath on Thursday of this week.
A threshold fight lingers regarding the certification of the proposed class of ticket purchasers who showed up for a game that never happened — and who incurred travel, food, beverage, and souvenir expenses before finding out the game wouldn't be played. But a recent court order denied the effort of the Hall of Fame and the NFL to prevent the deposition of Baker from addressing other matters, including the events resulting in the cancellation of the game, what the NFL and Commissioner Roger Goodell knew about it, why fans weren't told earlier, etc.
The case is pending in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Ohio. Eventually, it will be resolved. Somehow.
Secretary of Education pick sparks strong dissent from some UMass faculty
Posted by Will Soltero on February 15, 2017 · Leave a Comment
In response to the recent confirmation of businesswoman and political contributor Betsy DeVos as the new United States secretary of education on Feb. 7, some faculty members in the College of Education at the University of Massachusetts of Amherst have been outspoken in their disagreement of the newly appointed.
Breaking historic precedent regarding the cabinet-member approval process, Vice President Mike Pence broke a 50-50 tie, following the defections of two Republican senators who voted against DeVos with Democrats.
Despite efforts by Senate Democrats to lambast her qualifications and inexperience in public education, the protests against DeVos appear to have been in vain. The focus of the Democrats' protests centered upon DeVos's lack of government experience and the fact that she has never attended a public school herself.
“Like anybody who's been a proponent of public education, her appointment is really troubling,” said Interim Senior Associate Dean for the UMass College of Education Joseph Berger. “I don't believe she is qualified at all [to lead a cabinet department].”
Prior to her nomination for Secretary of Education, DeVos's political experience included work as committeewoman and then chair for the Michigan Republican Party from 1992 to 2000. DeVos also has an extensive record of monetary contributions to the Republican Party. According to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics, “DeVos and her husband gave more than $2.75 million to candidates, parties, and PACS during the 2016 election cycle” alone.
Concern over DeVos's confirmation was not limited strictly to her lack of political experience. DeVos is a longtime advocate for school choice through vouchers and charter schools, a fiercely partisan issue that has divided Democrats and Republicans for some time now.
“The Department of Education typically has a budget of $70 billion [annually]. Given that she is such a proponent of school vouchers and charter schools, significant resources can be more and more tied to those limited options,” said Berger.
Apprehension for many educators therefore lies in the possibility of DeVos utilizing funding for the expansion of “school-choice” programs nationwide, as opposed to allocating it toward public schools themselves. Hope for some, however, may be a new approach to education policy, following decades of relatively low performance by American students on a global scale.
“It's concerning because there is obviously a public school issue but I don't think the solution to that is avoiding public schools,” said undeclared freshman Casey Kelleher. “I was recently talking to a city councilmember from Boston who was a teacher. To see people like that in government, who really know what works and what doesn't [for education], is so needed,” she added.
Kelleher, who was on a regional advisory board for the Massachusetts Board of Education in high school, shared many views with a growing national voice of students and educators, saying she “wants a new perspective, but not [DeVos's].”
“Most educators who've dedicated their lives to education feel like this is an attack on public education. Most of us who engage in this kind of work are very mission-driven,” said Berger, expressing his uncertainty concerning DeVos. “This is an attack on that mission.”
Will Soltero can be reached at wsoltero@umass.edu.
Kanye West has been quite these past couple months working on new music. In addition, West is consistently trying to do something different to push the limits when it comes to music and fashion.
West recently teamed with Nigo who is known for “creating unique street-wear for BAPE, Billionaire Boys Club and Ice Cream brand”.
Nigo posted a photo alongside Kanye West saying ” Always good to see you Kanye”.
FILE - In this April 11, 2017 file photo, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos is seen in the State Department Library of the Eisenhower Executive Office Building on the White House complex in Washington. How to spot a troubled school and how to help it? What does it mean to be a good student? What should report cards look like? These are some of the questions states are grappling with as they are working to submit blueprints of how they will implement the Every Student Succeeds Act, or ESSA, a landmark education law meant to help to struggle schools. The law allows states greater flexibility in dealing with low performing schools, but the flexibility also comes with the risk or doing too little, too much or too differently. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci, File)
WASHINGTON (AP)  How often do students miss school? Are they ready for college? Are they physically fit? Is their school a welcoming place?
States are beginning to outline new ways to evaluate their schools, rather than relying just on traditional measures such as test scores.
The plans are required under a federal education law, the Every Student Succeeds Act, which was signed by former President Barack Obama in 2015 and takes effect in the coming school year.
Under the new law, states are focusing more on academic growth, meaning not just whether students have achieved a certain academic level in reading and math, but whether they have improved over time.
Advertisement
Mike Petrilli, president of the Thomas B. Fordham Institute, said thats a big change from the No Child Left Behind Act, the previous version of the education law. Schools and educators should feel good about that; that will be a fairer way to measure school quality, he said.
But while most experts praised the flexibility and innovation offered by the new law, some think that in the absence of federal guidelines some states may overlook groups of students who need additional support, such as minorities, students with disabilities and English-language learners. The Republican-controlled Congress moved swiftly this year to rescind key federal accountability guidelines passed by the Obama administration to help states implement the new law.
So far, nine states and the District of Columbia have submitted their accountability plans to the Education Department for review, and seven states are completing their blueprints. The remaining states will submit their plans in September. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos will decide whether to accept or reject them. She has said her goal is state and local flexibility in education and indicated that she might use the process to advance school choice.
When evaluating school quality, states are experimenting with new indicators. Almost all of the first-round states have adopted chronic absenteeism, or how many students miss more than 10 percent of the school year, as a key metric.
Connecticut and Delaware, among others, also will be tracking college readiness, or whether high school students are taking advanced classes and how successful they are on college admission tests like the SAT.
Tennessee wants to give every public school in the state a grade from A to F, which state Education Commissioner Candice McQueen says would give parents better information about schools. The grade will take into account such things as how well English language learners are doing and whether disabled students are being served. The schools will also be graded on chronic absenteeism rates, and if students are ready for college or the military and whether traditionally underserved students are performing well. Graduation rates also will count.
Nevada outlined a system that focuses on student growth measures, including test scores, English language proficiency, and graduation rates. Massachusetts will be paying attention to academic results in ninth grade.
In New Mexico, the state will begin tracking the need for additional tutoring in college and linking those back to high schools where the students studied. The state also will look at how students do in science in ranking schools.
Some states are getting creative. Vermont and Connecticut want to make physical fitness another sign of school quality, while Connecticut also believes access to arts education should be another measure. Illinois wants to conduct climate surveys asking whether children feel they are in a safe and welcoming environment.
There is a lot more than just tests that matter for student success, said Natasha Ushomirsky with the Education Trust. Tests are important and looking at progress is important, but states are getting a better picture of how schools are serving students.
Another common thread that has emerged from the first round: States are doing a better job of involving parents, teachers and community activists in the process. Theyve been very proactive to engage anybody who has an interest in the plans, said Kirsten Carr with the Council of Chief State School Officers.
But Marc Magee, CEO of 50Can, an education nonprofit, expressed concern that if everybody doesnt hold up their end of the bargain, we could go back to that era where certain populations of students become invisible inside schools even if they are struggling mightily and not getting the opportunity that they deserve.
And Lindsey Tepe, senior education policy analyst at New America, said there is so much variation in how states want to evaluate their schools that national comparisons could be difficult. Without the guidance, there isnt really a recipe to follow, said Tepe.
Martha Joan Silvanic, 94
Martha Joan Silvanic, 94, of Cazenovia formerly of Chittenango, passed away Thursday morning, May 24, 2018, at Crouse Community Center in Morrisville. She was born in Binghamton, one of 11 children to the late Jasper and Mary Silvanic and was an honors graduate of Binghamton Central High School.
Martha and her husband Peter owned the Ten Pin Restaurant in Chittenango from 1952 until 1963 and retired from the Chittenango Post Office where she worked as a U.S. Postal Clerk for several years. Martha was a communicant of St. James Church.,enjoyed reading and was a volunteer at the Sullivan Free Library in Chittenango.
In addition to her parents, she was predeceased by her husband, Peter; her daughter, Lynn Ann Conroy and by nine of her siblings.
Martha is survived by her son, Thomas H. Silvanic of Florida; her granddaughter, Heidi (Aubrey) Fletcher of New Jersey; her great grandson, Cash Fletcher; her sister, Dorothy Fiato of Binghamton as well as several nieces and nephews.
A Memorial Mass will be held at 10 a.m., Friday, June 15, 2018, in St. James Church, 6 Green St., Cazenovia. Visitation will be held from 9:30 until 10 a.m. in the church on Friday prior to the mass. Private burial will be in Evergreen Cemetery. To leave a message of sympathy for the Silvanic family, please visit michaelebrownfuneralservices.com.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Related
Comment on this Story
- Advertisement -
The country representative of World Health Organization (WHO), Dr. Wondimagegnehu Alemu, has commended Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi for nurturing the sustained health programmes that have made Enugu State Polio-free.
Alemu made the assertion at the Enugu State zonal immunization campaign tour organized recently by the wife of the governor, Mrs. Monica Ugwuanyi, in collaboration with the organization in Nsukka, Udi and Nkwo Nike respectively.
The country representative who was represented by the state coordinator, Mrs. Angela Izuegbune, said: “WHO has to express its appreciation to the present administration in Enugu State under Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi for providing us with the conducive environment to operate in the state.
“When the administration came on board, Enugu State was 65 percent in immunization, but now Enugu State is 89 percent in immunization rate. In 2016, the immunization survey conducted in the country placed Enugu State on third position and first in South-East. We hope that with the rate the governor and his wife are going, before they leave office in 2023, Enugu State will achieve the required 95 percent on the immunization target.”
- Advertisement -
He also eulogised Mrs. Ugwuanyi for her pet project Ugo Touch for Life (U-TOLF) which he noted has positively affected the lives of society's vulnerable people.
“We have to commend Mrs. Monica Ugwuanyi for her selflessness to humanity, especially women and the vulnerable. She has empowered many people through scholarship, skill acquisition, free health care services, health enlightenment programmes like hand-washing campaign, dietary lectures, among others,” she noted.
He urged women to avail themselves of the opportunity provided by the Enugu State governor by giving their children adequate immunization.
In her speech, Mrs. Ugwuanyi allayed fears that the monkey pox virus could be contracted through immunization.
There are SPOILERS for Solo below, so read ahead at your own risk. Solo: A Star Wars Story may have just dropped a major clue that Game of Thrones creators David Benioff and W.B. Weiss are working on a Knights of the Old Republic trilogy of movies. In Solo, an Easter Egg has been found that refers to Exar Kun in Dryden Vos' headquarters. One of the exotic artifacts on a table has been confirmed by Lucasfilm to be from the Sith Temple of Exar Kun, which has many Star Wars fans incredibly excited because that means that Kun is now officially canon.
The Art of Solo: A Star Wars Story book by Phil Szostak reveals that an extravagant table in Dryden Vos' office has a large chunk of obsidian on it with hieroglyphics engraved in it. As it turns out, that stone came from a very interesting place in Star Wars history. This new discovery leads directly to the Knights of the Old Republic. The entry in the book reads.
"The central desk, which represents the administrative seat of his power, is a bespoke piece of furniture. The stone base, that Dryden has plundered from the Sith temple of Exar Kun, is made from polished obsidian and decorated with carved hieroglyphs representing spells that protected its former home."
Rian Johnson is currently working on his own Star Wars trilogy, but it has been reported that the films won't have anything to do with what has been released thus far in the franchise. Jon Favreau's TV series will take place after the events of Return of the Jedi and before The Force Awakens, so that counts that project out as well, which means that Game of Thrones creators David Benioff and W.B. Weiss could very well be making a Knights of the Old Republic movie. Benioff and Weiss are the perfect team to take on the ancient Star Wars story and introducing Exar Kun as official canon in Solo may be the clue pointing in that direction.
Exar Kun is the Jedi Knight who fell to the dark side and as a result, became the Dark Lord of the Sith. Kun waged war against the Galactic Republic and Jedi during the Old Sith Wars. He was taught by Jedi Master Vodo-Siosk Baas, and while he was a student he came across forbidden knowledge of the history of the Sith, according to Wookieepedia. Exar Kun was extremely confident in his abilities and became obsessed with learning about the history of the Sith, soon becoming all consumed.
While nothing has been officially confirmed by Lucasfilm, a Knights of the Old Republic film series could be exactly what David Benioff and D.B. Weiss are going to be cooking up. Game of Thrones and Solo star Emilia Clarke was recently asked about what Benioff and Weiss are up to in regard to their secret Star Wars project and while she doesn't know anything, she revealed that it will be unlike anything we've ever seen before, declaring that it will be "Star Wars on acid." Exar Kun's story sounds like a good fit for the Game of Thrones creators, so let's hope that this theory works out. You can get more information about The Art of Solo: A Star Wars Story over at StarWars.com.
A man opened fire on passersby in the central Italian city of Macerata on Saturday, injuring several African migrants, police said, in an attack that appeared to be racially motivated.
The shootings happened just days after the dismembered body of an 18-year-old Italian woman was discovered hidden in two suitcases near Macerata. A 29-year-old Nigerian migrant has been arrested in connection with her death.
Local media reported that at least six migrants including one woman were shot by a man driving around the city, located about 200 kilometres east of Rome, and firing from his car window.
“Shots fired in Macerata. People injured. Police operation under way. Stay out of the way and avoid open places,” the police said on Twitter. Shortly afterwards, police said one man
had been arrested.
Local man apprehended
State television Rai said the suspect was a white Italian man who came from Macerata.
The website of newspaper Corriere della Sera said a man fired from a car window at two young African migrants shortly after 11 a.m. (1000 GMT) Saturday, wounding one of them. A short while later two other migrants, including a woman, were shot.
Italian nationalist Luca Traini was arrested by police in connection with the shooting. (EPA-EFE)
It was not immediately clear how serious their injuries were.
Right-wing politicians campaigning ahead of national elections on March 4 leapt on the gruesome death of the teenager Pamela Mastropietro to promote their anti-migrant message.
A preliminary postmortem on the teenager could not immediately identify her cause of death. The Nigerian suspect, who was denied asylum last year but has remained in Italy, has refused to talk to police.
The mayor of Macerata urged people to remain indoors after reports of drive-by shootings in the city of about 43,000, about 200 kilometres east of Rome. (Google Streetview)
“What was this worm still doing in Italy?” Matteo Salvini, head of the far-right League, wrote on Facebook, accusing the centre-left government of responsibility for Mastropietro's death for allowing migrants to stay in the country.
“The left has blood on its hands,” he wrote.
Magistrates say witnesses saw the Nigerian suspect carrying the suitcases that were later found to contain the teenager's body. They also found blood-stained clothes and knives in his possession.
Let's block ads! (Why?)
CBC | World News
HONOLULU (AP)  An autistic high school student raped a classmate while the adult assigned to monitor him was taking a nap, said a federal lawsuit accusing Hawaii's statewide school district of negligence.
The autistic student had a full-time one-on-one aide because he was known to be violent, the lawsuit filed Monday said. The aide was asleep when the 2012 attack happened during Pearl City High School band practice, the lawsuit said.
The Associated Press doesn't typically name victims of sexual assault. The 10th-grade girl was in the back of the band at the percussion section when the larger 11th-grader raped her there and then again in a curtained area of the auditorium.
The aide was sleeping in the audience section of the auditorium, the lawsuit said.
Advertisement
State Department of Education spokeswoman Donalyn Dela Cruz declined to comment on pending litigation. Kyle Miyashiro, who was a vice principal at the time and is named as a defendant, referred questions to the school's principal who didn't immediately respond Tuesday. The aide, Bryan Simpson, is also named as a defendant and no longer works at the school, Miyashiro said. Simpson couldn't be reached for comment.
The girl reported the rape to her mother and police, said her attorney Peter Hsieh. The autistic student was prosecuted in family court and convicted of two counts of first-degree sexual assault, Hsieh said.
"She dropped out of high school. She couldn't finish because of what happened to her," Hsieh said. But she later earned a GED diploma and is now studying bioengineering at the University of Hawaii, he said.
"She's basically turned an adverse situation as a motivator for her," he said, adding that it was her decision to pursue a civil lawsuit.
In a separate, similar case, a jury last year determined that the Department of Education failed to protect a special education student who said she was raped by a special education classmate at Waianae High School. The jury awarded the girl and her mother about $810,000 in damages, but the state appealed. The case is before the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, said Hsieh, who also handled that case.
The two lawsuits send a "loud message that there is a lack of proper training and supervision of teachers, aides and assistants," Hsieh said, "especially when it comes to children who have a history of violence."
___
Follow Jennifer Sinco Kelleher at http://www.twitter.com/JenHapa. Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/jennifer-sinco-kelleher.
This past year I've been incredibly sentimental and emotional (in a good way). I'm sure it has a lot to do with me graduating this year and coming to terms with the fact that this may be my last chapter with Saint Mary's University. I came into this University after hearing about the stellar International Development Studies program. I was especially excited to go to a smaller university with a smaller campus because I knew that I was more comfortable with intimate classrooms that were more likely to make students feel like they had a presence.
In my first year at SMU, I was overwhelmed as any student would be, and I didn't get involved on campus. Still feeling my comfort level and well into my second year, I made a decision to take some time off school and work full-time. I think it was the best decision I made because it allowed me to explore my other interests and gave me an opportunity to really take a breath and collect my thoughts on what exactly I wanted to do the following school year.
I entered my 3rd year with an objective to really take advantage of the school year and the opportunities that were available on campus. I joined a couple of societies on campus, partook in International Hijab Day, applied and got accepted to do an overseas internship, and worked on a campaign to run for the opening positions that were available on the Board of Directors. It was literally the most thrilling year and equally stressful.
All in all, my time at Saint Mary's University is literally a testament to the wonderful students and administrators. I have to give a shout out to Dr. Summerby-Murray for being an incredibly engaging and personable University President, and to Kazi Rahman for being an amazing SMUSA President this past school year! Also, big shout out to The Journal for giving me a platform to vocalize my million and one thoughts 🙂 When people ask me how it feels to be graduating soon I always reply by saying that I'm excited, when in reality that doesn't encapsulate how I truly feel. The best words to capture my feelings would be: bittersweet. There's this happiness that comes with knowing that I'll be done with my undergraduate soon, but also this tinge of sadness that I feel knowing that I'm moving on. Knowing that the connections I've made in the 4 years I've been here may not be long-lasting, makes me somewhat anxious about the future. Anywho, enough about me, here are some other students' thoughts on graduating! Sara Little: As excited as I am to graduate, I am also terrified. Not because I am scared about not finding a job or not using my degree, but because it's hard to believe another place or institution could possibly teach me more about myself and how to see the world in a critical, yet positive way. Ardalan Gharagozli: I've been waiting for this day to come for the past 5 years and now that it's here I wish I could go back to spend more time as a student to enjoy the things I could, but I didn't since I always postpone them till after graduation, but after all I guess it's just my excuses. I think I just don't feel like entering the real life and stop living on student loans.
Zahra Dhubow
News Editor
KUALA LUMPUR: A five-month-old boy who was reported missing was found dead at the home of his caretaker in Taman Nakhoda, Batu Caves on Tuesday (Jul 3) night.
The body of Adam Rayqal Mohd Sufi was found in the freezer compartment of the refrigerator at the house at about 11pm.
Advertisement
Gombak police chief Ali Ahmad said the victim was stuffed in a green bag and was fully clothed as well as wearing a napkin.
"The discovery of the victim was based on information provided by the caretaker during questioning which raised suspicions.
"However, an initial examination on the boy found no injuries and the body was sent to the Kuala Lumpur Hospital for post-mortem," he told reporters.
Ali said police have detained the 33-year-old caretaker along with a housemate aged 36 and that the case has been classified as murder.
Advertisement
Advertisement
According to the Star, Deputy Women, Family and Community Development minister Hannah Yeoh visited the mortuary where the body of the baby was brought for a post mortem.
She said the ministry would issue a statement on the matter after it receives the post mortem report.
Yesterday, it was reported that an unknown individual had run off with the boy from his caretaker's house.
The matter was realised by the baby's mother Farah Madiha Othman, 28, when she went to fetch him at 7pm.
The case went viral on Facebook when the father, Mohd Sufi Naeif Mohd Fauzi, 28, uploaded a picture of the baby and asked the public's help to locate him.
CTV London
A motorcyclist involved in a crash last week has succumbs to his injuries.
Emergency crews were called to a collision on Catherine Street west of Shaw Road in Thames Centre around 3:40 p.m. on Sept. 27.
An SUV was slowing down to enter a driveway, when it was struck by a three-wheeled motorcycle.
The rider, Michael Voogt, 55, of London was taken to hospital.
He has since died from his injuries.
No charges have been laid.
Every Wednesday, L.A. Weekly focuses on a woman making a difference in Hollywood. For this #WomanCrushWednesday, we spotlight trending #Girlcrush Eve Babitz. The iconic L.A. writer and 1970s "It Girl" has made a resurgence with reissues of her now-cult classic novels, including Black Swans and Sex and Rage. At 75, Babitz has become a social media favorite of millennial women; she has a show in the works with Hulu, based on her cherished L.A. Woman book, and her star is rising yet again in Hollywood.
The parties of Eve Babitz's youth, where prescription pills decorated the floor like confetti, meet a minacious cloud of social sobriety forcing its way through the Los Angeles sunlight in Black Swans, a collection of nine essays reissued last month by Counterpoint Press. All that was aglow, contoured and highlighted in her previous fiction works based on her “fast” life in her 20s, where we get to ride shotgun on her adventures as a fervent and integral patron of the L.A. scene, has literally burst into flames. This is partially due to the AIDS epidemic, the Rodney King verdict and the L.A. riots that collided with Reaganomics and life in a material world.
But mostly it is age. Black Swans finds Eve in her 30s and she's all grown up. Her fabulous companions are still impeccable dressers, with lithe bodies and doll-like features, yet they need to be hemmed and altered. It shows in their receding hairlines and wrinkles that can be masked but take longer to conceal. Chasing down youth takes effort in a city that seems to be at work only sometimes and hides its age by tearing down the old in favor of brand-new.
Born into a Bohemian clan under the Hollywood sign where stars rise and fall to fame, despair or a cocktail of both, Eve Babitz's childhood home was frequented by movie sirens, leading men, artists and intellectuals alike. As with most L.A. natives, she grew up fast, but unlike her neighbors, she fell head over heels in love with her City of Angels, which was at that time a rare thing for one to admit or, in writing, profess.
“The two girls grew up at the edge of the ocean and knew it was paradise, and better than Eden, which was only a garden,” she writes in her 1979 now-cult classic, Sex and Rage: Advice to Young Ladies Eager for a Good Time, which was reissued by Counterpoint last summer.
The quintessential “It Girl,” writer and wild child paints pictures with broad strokes in dreamy pastels of Hollywood's magic hours in the late '70s through the early '90s in her signature gossip over brunch or drinks or bedsheets at Chateau Marmont. Confessionals begin as airy tales of trysts, tango lessons, men and well, more men. But in Black Swans, tales take darker hairpin curves when death, despair and the one true question that haunts every Angeleno are woven into the narrative: What is one's place within the Hollywood landscape and social stratum when youth begins to fade?
“Hollywood is based upon, which, as anyone can see, is and has always been beauty. … And age is a disaster.”
While some critics of Babitz wish that she had chosen a wider lens to probe beneath the surface of her stories about loss, jealousy, infidelity, politics and persona versus person, we all know that a wide lens is universally unflattering. The uncommon is per usual for Eve.
Originally published in 1979, Eve Babitz's Sex and Rage has become a cult classic. Counterpoint Press
This may be one of the reasons why millennials are Instagramming the hell out of Black Swans' kelly green and pink cover, inspired by the iconic Beverly Hills Hotel wallpaper. The IG platform and Twitter are flooded with artfully curated images of the book in beds with coffee cups, Warby Parker eyeglasses, white sheets with nubby, woven blankets “thrown” into the frame, cocktails keeping it company at hip eateries, bars and cafes, and, at least once, suspended in between the
leaves of a fig tree, 2018's plant du moment.
Millennials are finding her stories relatable and quoting passages on social media as affirmations of “it's complicated” relationships, and reveling in both the blasé L.A. stereotype of never knowing what day it is despite having online calendars, Wunderlists and Evernotes at their fingertips (“Albert and I have lunch about once a year. Like clockwork, when we remember.”). Then there's that eternal sunshine (at least on the outside) of, arguably, the most weather-envied city in the country. (“I guess that is what they mean by “character” on the East Coast: leaving summer behind.”).
I just don't want this book to ever end...#EveBabitz pic.twitter.com/ANGepZXyJU — Kelly Barden (@kelly_barden) April 29, 2018
Now, at a time when being a woman is undeniably more political than ever, what is it about Babitz and her free-spirited life and writing that appeals to these new readers? For one, it seems this next generation is emboldened by her proclivity toward sex and owning her sensuality, the idea that women can enjoy sex without attachment. Babitz breaks the third wall and speaks to them.
“There's one thing about being in a bad relationship for longer than you should just for sex: when you get out, all you can think about is sex, and my advice to you is — for great sex, get a vibrator (or do it yourself) … don't go trying to get the person back.” If there is one hashtag that sums up Babitz's writing, it is #nofilter.
There is also a wandering in Babitz's world (she once told her mother that she wanted to grow up to become an adventuress) that embodies the spirit of today's popular wanderlust mantras inked on inside forearms, such as "All who wander are not lost"; "Love her but leave her wild"; and "beach hair, don't care." A glamorous life like Babitz's is attainable by setting yourself free from schedules, 9 to 5–ing and loveless relationships while indulging in the luxury of being not lonely but fiercely protective of “me time.”
According to her recent interview in Vanity Fair, Babitz is tickled by the rise of young fans who are obsessively devouring and hashtagging their Black Swans reading experience with #sundaybrunch, #californialove and #findyourmuse. Yet she claims to have no advice to bestow upon the new generation of glamfams, fitspos and girls with #squadgoals. She is glad that social media did not exist in her time, spoiling the secrets of hidden L.A. and an escapism that a pre-internet world afforded her. Her world was not about checking in but checking out.
At last month's Black Swans re-release party held at the New York Public Library, Babitz's longtime agent, Erica Spellman, suggested that the celebrated author may have written 70 pages about the accident in 1997 that left her lower half covered in third-degree burns. Although Babitz says she isn't a recluse, the once seen-and-be-seen writer (who was known for stopping traffic with her beauty and is most famously recognizable in a black-and-white photo playing chess with Marcel Duchamp in the buff), has become private ever since. Babitz was a no-show at the event.
The young literary and screen darlings who were in conversation that night — Stephanie Danler, the bestselling author of Sweetbitter and creator/executive producer/writer of its television adaptation now airing on Starz (who also wrote an elegant foreword for the Black Swans reissue); the co-founder of online platform Belletrist, Karah Preiss; New York staff writer Jia Tolentino; and Girls actor Zosia Mamet — urged the rapt crowd to tweet their support for the author to complete the story.
Whether or not she answers that call (one may envision Babitz possessing a French phone with its seductive curves and finger-curling dial), Hulu has secured rights to develop her fictive memoir L.A. Woman, a coming-of-age comedy from Casual executive producer/showrunner Liz Tigelaar, director Lynn Shelton and producers Elizabeth Cantillon and Amy Pascal. If the likes and loves of lifestyle blogger–esque photos on social media are any indication, her core demographic will be obsessed with the show, and, once again, all eyes will be on iconic L.A. woman Eve Babitz.
Pratt Drops In at Teen Choice Awards
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The Teen Choice Awards, always a bubble of teenage celebration, took time out during Sunday night's ceremony to consider the world its young audience will inherit.
Hashtags, surfboards and loud shrieks dominated the Teen Choice Awards, as usual, with YouTube star Jake Paul presiding over a show designed to be tweeted, Snapchatted and put on Instagram. But with the two-hour broadcast coming a day after the violence at a rally of white nationalists in Charlottesville, Virginia, some winners pleaded for teen viewers to do better than their elders.
“With all the injustice and the hatred and everything that's happened not only in the world but in our country right now, I need for you young people, I need you guys to be educated. I need you to listen. I need you to pay attention,” said “Spider-Man: Homecoming” actress Zendaya, accepting an award for best summer movie actress.
“You are the future presidents, the future senators,” she added, clutching the show's trademark surfboard award. “You guys are the ones who are going to make this world better.”
The music performance-stuffed show, broadcast live on Fox from Los Angeles, followed a three-hour “Teen Fest” concert in downtown Los Angeles that was streamed on YouTube.
Miley Cyrus, an 18-time Teen Choice award winner, was to receive the ceremony's highest honor, the Ultimate Choice Award. But she was announced as a last-minute cancellation early in the ceremony. “I know,” said presenter Victoria Justice. “It's a bummer.” (Cyrus apologized on Twitter saying she created “an unrealistic schedule for myself.”)
Many of the other biggest names either sent video acceptances (Bruno Mars, Gal Gadot) or were merely announced as winners (Beyonce, Zac Efron, Ariana Grande). One notable exception was Chris Pratt, who dropped by to accept his two movie awards. Pratt and his wife, Anna Farris, recently announced their separation.
That still left many teen idols for the crowd to cheer, including the cast of the CW drama series “Riverdale” (winner of seven awards) and the group Fifth Harmony, the winner of the best music group and song.
“In light of recent events, we just wanted to say to all of the young ones at home watching, no matter who you are, where you come from or what you look like, you are beautiful and you are important,” said the group's Lauren Jauregui. “So keep spreading love and positivity.”
The prominent role for Paul was a big moment for him, too. In late July Paul departed the Disney Channel series “Bizaardvark” after reports that he was feuding with his West Hollywood, California, neighbors.
“The past few months have humbled me quite a bit. I had to be more mindful of my words and actions and how they impact others,” said Paul while accepting his own pair of awards for best YouTuber and web star. “The next step for me is to forget all the bad press, drama, negativity.”
Rock band Maroon 5 was honored with the decade award. Other winners included Dwayne Johnson for “Moana,” Lucy Hale for “Pretty Little Liars” and Ed Sheeran for best male song.
___
Online:
http://www.teenchoice.com/
Whatever happens Imran Tahir won't be the oldest man to play in a World Cup in England next year.
The leg spinner will be 109 days past his 40th birthday when the tournament ends on July 14.
But 16 other players have been there‚ done that at more advanced ages.
Top of a list that includes Omar Henry is Nolan Clarke‚ who was 47 years and 257 days old when he played the last of his five World Cup games for the Netherlands in Rawalpindi in March 1996.
The opposition? South Africa‚ who racked up 328/3 and won by 160 runs.
Half of the 18 players who have ended a World Cup over the age of 40 have been spinners.
That's good news for Tahir‚ who could do with some magic rubbing off on him as he prepares to take another shot at the glory that has eluded South Africa in their seven trips to the tournament.
Since the end of the 2015 World Cup‚ Tahir has played 47 one-day internationals in which he has claimed 69 wickets at an average of 29.17 and an economy rate of 4.94.
In those games‚ Tahir has failed to claim more than one wicket 24 times and been hit for a run a ball or more 10 times.
Before the 2015 World Cup‚ Tahir had 70 scalps at 20.51 and 4.35 runs an over in 38 games.
So he's taken one fewer wicket in nine more ODIs since 2015.
Even allowing for the vagaries of playing conditions and match situations‚ that's a decline significant enough to have pushed Tahir from No. 1 in the rankings — which he reached during the 2015 World Cup — to his current sixth position.
But‚ since Tahir made his ODI debut in February 2011‚ only Saeed Ajmal has taken more wickets among spinners in the format — one more — and only Shahid Afridi and Rashid Khan have claimed more five-wicket hauls.
Tahir is also South Africa's leading ODI spinner among current players by some distance‚ and among their all-time regular slow bowlers he's on top in terms of wickets and average.
And he's far from washed up.
In March last year Tahir delivered the most miserly performance yet by a South Africa bowler in an ODI when he took 2/14 from all 10 of his overs against New Zealand in Auckland.
In June 2016 he became the first bowler to claim seven wickets for South Africa in an ODI‚ grabbing 7/45 against West Indies in St Kitts which took him to 100 wickets in 58 games — the fewest by a South African in the format.
So selection convenor Linda Zondi has a decent argument when he says: “Imran is still our first-choice spinner. In fact‚ we're talking about who our second choice should be.”
Does that mean Tahir can pack his bags for England next year?
“Everything is geared towards the World Cup‚ but I'd be lying to you if I said any player already has a ticket to the tournament.”
Perhaps Tahir can jump the queue‚ and not only because at his age he is the closest thing South Africa have to a pensioner.
BEIJING: As many as 79 people have died from H7N9 bird flu in China last month, the government said, stoking worries that the spread of the virus this season could be the worst on record.
January's fatalities were up to four times higher than the same month in past years, and brought the total H7N9 death toll to 100 people since October, data from the National Health and Family Planning Commission showed late on Tuesday.
Authorities have repeatedly warned the public to stay alert for the virus, and cautioned against panic in the world's second-largest economy.
But the latest bird flu data has sparked concerns of a repeat of previous health crises, like the 2002 outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS).
"It's mid-February already and we are just getting the January numbers. With the death rate almost catching up with SARS, shouldn't warnings be issued earlier?" said one user of popular microblog Sina Weibo.
Other netizens in the Chinese blogosphere worried about the pace of infections, and called for even more up-to-date reports.
The People's Daily, the official paper of the ruling Communist Party, warned people in a social media post to stay away from live poultry markets, saying it was "extremely clear" that poultry and their excrement were the cause of the infections.
Chinese chicken prices sank to their lowest levels in more than a decade on Wednesday, hammering meat processors' share prices amid fears that bird flu could hit demand in one of the world's top poultry markets.
RECORD HIGH INFECTIONS
China, which first reported a human infection from the virus in March 2013, has seen a sharp rise in H7N9 cases since December. The official government total is 306 since October, with 192 reported last month.
But others believe the number of infections is higher.
The Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy (CIDRAP) at the University of Minnesota last week estimated China had at least 347 human infections so far this winter, eclipsing the record of 319 seen three years ago.
On a week-to-week basis, it was difficult to tell if H7N9 cases were still rising in China or have peaked, CIDRAP said in a report on its website on Feb. 10.
Some provincial health departments in China announce individual cases as they are confirmed, while others wait to include them in their monthly updates.
"An important factor in the past waves of H7N9 cases among humans in China have been rapid closure of live poultry markets," said Ian Mackay, a virologist at the University of Queensland in Australia.
"This season there seems to have been a slower response to the outbreak, which may be leading to greater numbers of human exposures to infected birds."
The National Health and Family Planning Commission has yet to respond to a request from Reuters seeking comment on the recent bird flu deaths.
Most of the H7N9 human infections reported this season have been in the south and along the coast.
In Hong Kong, where two out of the four patients infected with H7N9 this winter have died, health officials said they were concerned with the situation and would step up checks at poultry farms.
Beijing on Saturday reported its first human H7N9 case this year. The patient is a 68-year-old man from Langfang city in neighboring Hebei province.
A second human case was reported on Tuesday.
For graphic on bird flu strains click on http://fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/rngs/HEALTH-BIRDFLU-SOUTHKOREA/0100311X2BC/BIRDFLU-SOUTHKOREA.jpg
(Reporting by Ryan Woo and Josephine Mason; Additional reporting by Nick Heath, Christian Shepherd and Dominique Patton in BEIJING and Venus Wu in HONG KONG,; Editing by Randy Fabi)
NAVY FOOTBALL: Senior outside linebacker and co-captain D.J. Palmore has been selected to the 94th annual East-West Shrine All-Star Game, which will be played Saturday, Jan. 20 in St. Petersburg, Fla.
Palmore has recorded 73 tackles on the year, including a team best 12.5 tackles for a loss and three fumble recoveries. Palmore is the 30th Navy player to be selected to the game. Three of the last four selected could not play due to injuries: Will Worth (2016), Keenan Reynolds (2015) and Cody Peterson (2013). Parrish Gaines (2014) is the last Navy player to actually play in the game.
NAVY WOMEN'S BASKETBALL: Senior Taylor Dunham and freshman Sophie Gatzounas earned weekly awards from the Patriot League on Monday. Dunham was selected as this week's player of the week in the league and Gatzounas garnered the rookie-of the-week (open only to freshmen) accolade.
Dunham averaged 25.5 points, 6.0 three-point field goals made, 5.5 rebounds and 3.5 assists a game for the week. She opened the week by totaled 17 points, six rebounds, five assists and two steals in Navy's 76-56 victory at Richmond. Dunham went on to score 34 points and grab five rebounds in Navy's 94-87 overtime loss at New Mexico.
She drained nine three-point field goals in the latter game against the Lobos. That production tied the 1991-92 school record of Angela Dobbs and tied her for the Patriot League record (accomplished three previous times, with Dobbs being the first) for the most triples made in a single game.
Additionally, the 34 points was not only a career high for Dunham (previous best effort was 28) it also tied her for sixth place in Navy history for the most points scored in a single game.
Gatzounas very nearly recorded a double-double in both of Navy's games last week. She averaged 13.0 points and 10.5 rebounds a game against the Spiders and the Lobos. Gatzounas posted 10 rebounds and nine points against Richmond, then tallied 17 points and 11 rebounds against New Mexico.
Navy, 9-1 this year, will next be in action Dec. 20 when the Mids play at LIU Brooklyn.
NAVY VOLLEYBALL: Junior Patricia Mattingly was announced Monday as a Third-Team Academic All-American for the sport by the College Sports Information Directors of America.
Mattingly previously been selected as the 2016 and ‘17 Patriot League Scholar-Athlete of the Year for her sport, was named the league's setter of the year in both 2016 and ‘17 and received First-Team All-Patriot League honors both this year and last season.
In the classroom, Mattingly has posted an overall GPA of 3.83 as an applied mathematics major. She posted a 4.00 GPA during the 2016 fall semester and enters exam week at Navy ranked 76th in the Class of 2019's Overall Order of Merit.
MARYLAND MEN'S BASKETBALL: The University of Maryland Athletic Department will honor the 1958 ACC Championship men's basketball team on Jan. 7 during Maryland's game vs. Iowa.
The team will be celebrating its 60th anniversary of winning the 1958 ACC Tournament Championship, becoming the first-ever Maryland basketball team to capture the conference crown. The Terps knocked off Virginia in the opening round, before taking out Duke in overtime in the semifinals and North Carolina 86-74 in the Championship game.
The Terps finished 22-7 that season, advancing to the NCAA East Regional and finishing the season ranked No. 6 in the nation via the AP and UPI Polls.
Former players from the 1958 team included in the anniversary celebration will be John Nacincik, Tom Young, Gene Danko, Jerry Bechtle, Julian Weingarten and Pete Krukar.
ANKARA: Turkey and the United States agreed on a three-step plan for withdrawing the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia from Syria's Manbij, Turkey's state-run Anadolu news agency said on Wednesday.
The report comes as differences over Syria policy and Washington's decision in December to move its embassy in Israel to Jerusalem have strained ties between the NATO allies.
Advertisement
Turkey is outraged by U.S. support for the YPG militia, considering them a terrorist organisation. Ankara has threatened to push its offensive in northern Syria's Afrin region further east to Manbij.
Manbij is a potential flashpoint. The Syrian government, Kurdish militants, Syrian rebel groups, Turkey, and the United States all have a military presence in northern Syria.
On Wednesday, Anadolu said Ankara and Washington had reached a technical agreement on a three-step plan for the withdrawal of the YPG from Manbij, a move Turkey has long sought from the United States.
Under the terms of the plan to be finalised during a visit by Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu to Washington on June 4, the YPG will withdraw from Manbij 30 days after the deal is signed, Anadolu said, quoting sources who attended meetings at which the decisions were made.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Turkish and U.S. military forces will start joint supervision in Manbij 45 days after the agreement is signed and a local administration will be formed 60 days after June 4, Anadolu said.
Earlier on Wednesday, Cavusoglu told broadcaster AHaber that a timetable for the Manbij plans could be set during talks with U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo in Washington, and that it could be implemented before the end of the summer.
Cavusoglu was also quoted by media on his return flight from Germany saying that, if finalised, the plan for Manbij could be applied throughout northern Syria.
However, a local Manbij official later told Reuters that Cavusoglu's assertions that U.S. and Turkish forces would temporarily control the region were "premature" and lacked credibility.
Relations between Ankara and Washington have hit a low-point due to factors such as the sentencing this month in New York of a former Turkish state bank executive to 32 months in prison for taking part in an Iran sanctions-busting scheme, a case Turkey has called a political attack.
DEFENCE PROCUREMENT
Turkey has also caused unease in Washington with its decision to buy S-400 surface-to-air missiles from Russia and drew criticism over its detention of a U.S. Christian pastor, Andrew Brunson, on terrorism charges.
Brunson faces up to 35 years in prison on charges of links to the network Ankara blames for a 2016 coup attempt. The pastor denied the charges in a Turkish court this month.
A U.S. Senate committee last week passed its version of a US$716 billion defence policy bill, including a measure to prevent Turkey from buying Lockheed Martin F-35 jets, citing Brunson and the Russian missile deal.
Cavusoglu, however, said that if the United States blocked Turkey from buying the jets, Ankara would go elsewhere to meet its needs, adding that it was unlikely Washington would be able to back out of the deal.
Turkey has plans to buy more than 100 of the F-35 jets and the Pentagon last year awarded Lockheed US$3.7 billion in an interim payment for the production of 50 of the aircraft earmarked for non-U.S. customers, including Ankara.
(Editing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg)
Preview: A galaxy of former and current stars will be in action at the iconic Lord's on Thursday to play an exhibition match between the ICC World XI and the West Indies and help raise funds for the refurbishment of five cricket stadia in the Caribbean that were damaged by Hurricanes Irma and Maria in 2017.
Former Pakistan skipper Shahid Afridi has finally been named to lead the World XI after England's limited overs captain Eoin Morgan sustained a broken finger during a domestic match.
Carlos Brathwaite, who hit Ben Stokes for four successive sixes to win the Windies the last ICC World T20 at Kolkata's Eden Gardens in April 2016, is the captain of the Windies side, and the squad has some fantastic T20 talent in their midst.
T20 stars Chris Gayle, Andre Russell, Evin Lewis and Badree are the big names in Brathwaite's line-up, while in Marlon Samuels, Andre Fletcher, Rovman Powell, Denesh Ramdin, Kesrick Williams and others, there's a lot of firepower. Six of those players were a part of the XI that won the World T20 2016 final.
For those who are looking to tune in to live coverage of the game, here's what you need to know:
When and where will the Hurricane Relief T20I between ICC World XI and West Indies be played?
The one-off T20I between ICC World XI and West Indies will be played at the Lord's Cricket Ground in London on Thursday, 31 May 2018.
Where do I watch the Hurricane Relief T20I between ICC World XI and West Indies?
The ICC World XI vs Windies T20I will be broadcast on Sony Six and Sony Six HD.
What time will live coverage of the Hurricane Relief T20I between ICC World XI and West Indies start?
The toss will take place at 10.00 pm IST, with play starting at 10.30 pm.
Where can I follow the Hurricane Relief T20I online?
The matches will be streamed online on SonyLiv.
What are the ICC World XI and West Indies squads:
ICC World XI: Shahid Afridi (c), Sam Billings (wk), Sam Curran, Tamim Iqbal, Tymal Mills, Dinesh Karthik (WK), Rashid Khan, Sandeep Lamichhane, Mitchell McClenaghan, Shoaib Malik, Thisara Perera, Luke Ronchi (WK), Adil Rashid.
West Indies: Carlos Brathwaite (c), Samuel Badree, Rayad Emrit, Andre Fletcher, Chris Gayle, Evin Lewis, Ashley Nurse, Keemo Paul, Rovman Powell, Denesh Ramdin (wk), Andre Russell, Marlon Samuels, Kesrick Williams.
With inputs from IANS
Posted by Josh Alper on June 14, 2017, 3:55 PM EDT
The Jets are remaking their wide receiver corps this year with Brandon Marshall and Eric Decker leaving the team and a pair of rookies joining the club in the draft.
One of those rookies hasn't been on the field much since being selected in the third round, however. Jets coach Todd Bowles said Wednesday that ArDarius Stewart is recovering from surgeries on his thumb and groin that were the result of injuries suffered before he came to the team.
Stewart is expected to be ready to return to the field during training camp, but missing Organized Team Activities and minicamp will likely slow his transition to the pro ranks. That's not great news for the Jets, who were likely looking for Stewart to make early contributions while playing behind Quincy Enunwa and Robby Anderson.
The Jets also picked Chad Hansen in the fourth round and Bowles said he's been dealing with a sore knee that is also not expected to be an issue in training camp.
The Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) has developed a live streaming mechanism that will allow passengers to view how the food served to them in trains is prepared and packaged at various base kitchens of the national transporter.Railway minister Piyush Goyal had suggested the move in a review meeting recently.According to a statement by the IRCTC, Railway Board chairman Ashwani Lohani inaugurated the live streaming of food preparations at base kitchens to IRCTC's website on Wednesday.The IRCTC had earlier launched an artificial intelligence tool that uses CCTV footage to detect anomalies in hygiene level and communicates it to individuals concerned to initiate regulatory action, the statement said, adding it was developed in association with an artificial intelligence and vision computing company called Wobot.“Live streaming will go a long way in increasing transparency and public confidence in the quality of food cooked at IRCTC-monitored base kitchens. The live streaming can be accessed by anyone on IRCTC's website under the gallery link,” it said.Earlier in the day, Lohani inspected food preparation at the IRCTC's state-of-the-art central kitchen in Noida.The kitchen serves 10,000 meals a day for 17 Rajdhani, Shatabdi and Duronto trains departing from New Delhi, Hazrat Nizamuddin and Anand Vihar Railway Stations.Appreciating the scale of operations at the kitchen, Lohani said the existence of a dedicated food testing lab is a unique feature of IRCTC's catering operations for the railways. Such facility is conspicuous by its absence in airline catering sector, he said.
An Associate Professor, Eniola Sikiru Olugbenga has accused Governor Ayo Fayose of humiliating the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of the Governing Council of Ekiti State University (EKSU), Chief Dayo Adeyeye.
“For long, the Pro Chancellor has been begging the Governor to release our subventions and pay our salaries. Till today, the Governor is still playing God,” he lamented
The university lecturer revealed further that Fayose is daring the staff to do what they could, adding that: “We know the benefit of University Education and we implore Ekiti sons and daughters to prevail on the Governor to back down on this disaster prone mission. EKSU is not a parastatal and a Governor can only flex his muscle where he invests his personal money or the state money. All the modern buildings in EKSU today have no kobo of the Ekiti State Govt in their construction.
“We are being owed in arrears of 5 or 6 months of subventions at the minimum. EKSU is not a commercial bank that can be blockaded or closed down. We have the capacity to defend our integrity in the comity of those who understand what a university is. We have not offended Mr Governor in any way and it is not always good to start what one cannot finish. If Mr Governor can rubbish Chief Adeyeye, who else can talk to him in his one-man party? This crisis is booting…”
“Our Governor got BAIL OUT FUNDS IN BILLIONS 3CE. What did he do with the funds? What is the total wage bill of Ekiti that the Gov could not use the 1st tranche of N9.6 billion to pay the outstanding salaries? The total wage bill in Ekiti now is around N1.7 billion. The 2nd bail out came and the 3rd. I have been consistent in asking the question of these bail out funds. An attempt to probe the bail outs attracted a lot of noise from Governors who misappropriated these funds and championed by Gov Fayose.”
According to him, “it remains funny to me that a Governor abuses a sitting President everyday and take billions from the same Government without probity and accountability. Ekiti should have excess of funds now in reserve with the huge bail outs, the starving of the House of Assembly members and Commission, the crippling of all ministries and parastatals but alas, pensioners, civil servants and higher institutions at Ikere, Ijero and of course EKSU are forced into beggary before stipends are released.
“Why should a governor put up a man of high pedigree like Chief Adeyeye and render him rudderless with executive rascality. Why is it that in Ekiti, no commissioner can sign out N1 million or even less? Where in a democracy is the Governor the commissioner for every portfolio while the figures occupying the offices are mere decorations? Honestly, our Governor in Ekiti is running Ekiti as a private business empire.
“While I have nothing against anybody who supports the Governor, of course, I'm his supporter, one fact remains indisputable. Let us tell the Governor to recognise us all as human beings and not labourers in his vineyard. The slave mentality is so pervasive in Ekiti that EKSU will never be part of it. What is happening in Ekiti is not governance but mere theatrics and showmanship deftly orchestrated to exploit the suspecting but helpless masses.”
1. Evgeny Kuznetsov is on a roll. Alex Ovechkin is the superstar in Washington but let's not overlook what Evgeny Kuznetsov has been doing for the Capitals this postseason, and especially lately. Entering Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final on Wednesday night Kuznetsov is riding an 11-game point streak and is the NHL's leading scorer this postseason with 25 points in 20 games.
That is also one of the most productive individual performances in recent postseason history.
Over the past 25 years there have been more than 450 players to play in at least 20 games in a single postseason. Out of that group Kuznetsov's 1.25 point per game average is the 12th highest.
Since the 2000 only nine different players have recorded more than 26 points in a single playoff run. Given the way he has been going for the Capitals recently he seems destined to join that group.
2. The Capitals better win tonight. At the very least it would be in their best interest to win because If they do not history is not on their side.
As noted by Sean Leahy this afternoon, teams that grab a 2-0 series lead in the Stanley Cup Final are 46-5 when it comes to going on to winning it all. Teams that win the first two games on home ice 36-3.
The most recent team to overcome such a deficit was the 2010-11 Boston Bruins who lost the first two games in Vancouver and then won four of the next five.
The 2008-09 Pittsburgh Penguins also did it after losing the first two games of that series in Detroit against the Red Wings.
3. Vegas' fourth line truly was dominant in Game 1. This was perhaps the most stunning development in the first game of this series. All postseason, and especially in recent games, Vegas' offense has been carried by the play of its dynamic top line of Jonathan Marchessault, William Karlsson, and Reilly Smith. As expected, they were also productive in Vegas' 6-4 Game 1 win. But it was the performance of the fourth line that really stood out. Not only did they score the game-tying goal in the third period, quickly answering a Tom Wilson go-ahead goal on a controversial play that saw goal-scorer Ryan Reaves cross-check John Carlson out of the way, but they absolutely dominated possession when they were on the ice. The trio of Reaves, Pierre-Edouard Bellemare and Tomas Nosek were all better than 70 percent in the shot attempts department as individuals. When all three were on the ice together Vegas out-attempted the Capitals by an 18-5 margin and outscored them by a 2-0 margin. They did all of that in just 8:40 of ice-time.
Over the past two games the trio is 25-9 in the shot attempts department and 3-0 on the scoreboard. You get that sort of play from your fourth line, good things are going to happen for your team.
The big question is whether or not they are capable of doing it again, or if the past two games — and especially the most recent games — were just well-timed outliers.
(Data via Natural Stat Trick)
4. Bounceback game for the goalies? Perhaps the most frustrating thing for the Capitals in Game 1 was that they were actually able to get to Golden Knights goalie Marc-Andre Fleury, scoring four goals on 28 shots.
This is nothing new for the Capitals. In their two previous playoff matchups against Fleury they scored more than enough goals against him to win only to end up losing because they could not stop anybody. The exact same storyline played out on Monday.
The concern for the Capitals is that Fleury has not really had consecutive bad games this postseason. Game 1 was the fourth time this postseason that Fleury has allowed at least four goals in a playoff game. In the previous three he came back the next game and won each of them with a combined save percentage of .932.
On the other side, Braden Holtby‘s Game 1 performance was one of his worst of the playoffs — and one of the worst of his career — stopping only 28 of the 33 shots he has faced.
Trouble here is that Holtby has been extremely hot-and-cold over the past seven games. He came through in a big way in Games 6 and 7 of the Eastern Conference Final to record back-to-back shutouts (his first two shutouts of the entire 2017-18 season). But in the other five games he is only 1-4 and had a save percentage above .864 only once.
They need the great Holtby in Game 2.
MORE:
• NBC's Stanley Cup Playoff Hub
• Stanley Cup Final Schedule
—
Adam Gretz is a writer for Pro Hockey Talk on NBC Sports. Drop him a line at phtblog@nbcsports.com or follow him on Twitter @AGretz.
Advertisement
Gov. Dave Umahi of Ebonyi says the state government is determined to promote qualitative education to greater heights to widen the horizon of students.
Umahi made this known in Abakaliki on Tuesday when he was inaugurating the distribution of assorted educational materials to senior secondary schools in the 13 local government areas of the state.
The governor represented by the state Commissioner for Education, Prof. John Eke, said that the initiative was a demonstration of government's commitment to the development of education sector.
Umahi described education as “pivotal for the socio-economic, political and cultural engineering of the people''.
He said that the state government would do everything within its powers to upgrade critical infrastructure to enhance service delivery.
“Our desire is to build, enthrone and entrench a sound and solid educational system that will be the toast of all.
“Education is an important tool for socio-economic, political and cultural engineering of any nation or society and it must be given serious attention.
Advertisement
“No nation, either ancient or modern, has risen above its educational attainment.
“For us to rise above our present level and achieve the type of development that we all yearn for, we must address the problem of human and material infrastructure in education sector.
“We have developed and are still developing the capacity of our personnel through regular training and retraining to acquire modern skills in teaching.”
The governor said that the educational materials would enhance performance of teachers in providing quality education for the children.
“We have vowed to give the best and nothing but the best for our people.
“We will not relent until we are sure that our children in public schools are receiving the best in teaching and learning,” Umahi said.
He charged school administrators to ensure that the materials were timely distributed to the benefiting schools and judicious used.
“The materials must not be diverted for private use and ensure that they get to the benefiting schools very timely, ” he said.
BASEL, Switzerland: The global art market appeared to collectively sigh with relief as deep-pocketed collectors descended on Art Basel this week after two years of dwindling sales.
The world's biggest contemporary art fair opens to the public on Thursday (Jun 15), but VIPs got an advance peak at the vast array of artworks for sale.
They range from 20th century masters like Pablo Picasso to today's cutting-edge creations.
Nearly 300 galleries representing more than 4,000 artists from around the world have put their best goods on display at the show, which has become unmissable for sellers and collectors alike.
"The mood is very, very strong," enthused Art Basel director Marc Spiegler.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"There are great collectors here. Great artworks. There is a very good energy. Very good atmosphere," he told AFP ahead of the public opening, adding that "sales are being made."
That is good news for the global art market, which in 2016 was valued at US$56.6 billion (€50.5 billion) - down 11 per cent from a year earlier, according to a study by Swiss banking giant UBS, the fair's organisers.
It was down a full 17 per cent compared to 2014, when the global art market reached its pinnacle value of US$68.2 billion, before geopolitical turbulence put the breaks on investors' ebullience.
PRIVATE JETS
As a sign the pendulum may be swinging back in their favour, 116 private jets were expected at Basel airport on Tuesday when rich collectors descended on the show - 18 more than last year.
Galleries boasted numerous large sales in the first hours after their booths opened.
"We did a few sales around a million dollars," Mathias Rastorfer, the head of the Gallery Gmurzynska, told AFP just an hour after the doors opened. Works by Fernand Leger, Wilfredo Lam, and Roberto Matta were among those that had found new homes, he said.
Marc Glimcher, president of Pace Gallery, agreed that "Art Basel is fantastic this year ... People are being very excited about the art they're buying."
His gallery sold about a quarter of its booth within the first hour, he told AFP, mainly pocketing checks in the US$100,000-US$800,000 range.
And he said most of the multi-million-dollar pieces were already on reserve for museums, while he had numerous collectors vying for a US$6.5-million David Hockney.
Brett Gorvy of the new Levy Gorvy gallery also hailed the "fantastic energy" at the fair. Works were selling "very, very quickly," including an Alberto Burri piece for US$4.5 million.
The gallery also had Jean-Michel Basquiat's painting "Baby Boom" on reserve, the asking price a smooth US$32 million.
MIDDLE MARKET STRUGGLING
But while the high-end galleries and the top artists are raking in sales, they acknowledge that the entire market is not faring as well.
"The top end, if you want to say the bluechips, have become so strong that it has in some ways disadvantaged the middle market," Andreas Leventis, associate director at Lisson Gallery in London, told AFP.
This is because mid-level artists are "neither a sure thing nor just affordable enough to be a viable risk, from a pure investment point of view," he said.
Rastorfer agreed that there have been "some corrections in the contemporary middle section ... I think they are having a harder time."
But he said the dip in the market last year had had a positive impact for "knowledge-driven" galleries.
When the market is booming and "everything is going up, you don't need much expertise. It just goes up," he pointed out.
But when times are a bit more challenging, "you go to a gallery like us, because we focus on expertise and knowledge," he said. "So I'm not unhappy about the current development."
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
Actor and screenwriter Paul Rudd will be subjected to a comedic roast as he picks up his 2018 Man of the Year award from the nation's oldest collegiate theatrical organization at Harvard University.
Actor and screenwriter Paul Rudd will be subjected to a comedic roast as he picks up his 2018 Man of the Year award from the nation's oldest collegiate theatrical organization at Harvard University.
NN California's water managers are carrying out their mid-winter snowpack survey as the winter's dry spell persists.
NN California's water managers are carrying out their mid-winter snowpack survey as the winter's dry spell persists.
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma.
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after he tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after he tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
(AP Photo/John Locher, file). FILE-In this Oct. 16, 2017, file photo,,photos and notes adorn a wall at the Las Vegas Community Healing Garden in Las Vegas. The garden was built as a memorial for the victims of the recent mass shooting in Las Vegas. Two...
(Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department via AP, File). FILE - This October, 2017 file photo released by the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Force Investigation Team Report shows the kitchenette in the hotel room of Las Vegas gunman Stephen P...
By JACQUES BILLEAUD
Associated Press
CHANDLER, Ariz. (AP) - An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman who carried out the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history was charged Friday with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets, according to court documents.
Unfired armor-piercing bullets found inside the Las Vegas hotel room where Stephen Paddock launched the Oct. 1 attack had the fingerprints of ammunition dealer Douglas Haig, according to a criminal complaint filed in federal court in Phoenix. It says Haig didn't have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition.
Haig has acknowledged selling 720 rounds of tracer ammunition to Paddock in the weeks before the shooting that killed 58 people. Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct.
The criminal charge involves another type of ammunition - armor-piercing bullets.
The documents don't say if any ammunition tied to Paddock was used in the attack. Las Vegas police wouldn't say whether armor-piercing bullets were used in the shooting but referred to a preliminary report saying some rifle magazines were loaded with armor-piercing ammunition.
Haig, a 55-year-old aerospace engineer who sold ammunition as a hobby for about 25 years, was charged 35 minutes before holding a news conference where he said he didn't notice anything suspicious when he sold the tracer rounds to Paddock.
Haig told investigators that when Paddock bought the ammunition at his home in suburban Phoenix, Paddock went to his car to get gloves and put them on before taking the box from Haig, the complaint said.
"I had no contribution to what Paddock did," Haig told reporters earlier Friday, adding that there was nothing unusual about the type or quantity of ammunition the shooter bought. "I had no way to see into his mind."
A phone message left for Haig's attorney, Marc Victor, wasn't immediately returned.
The two armor-piercing bullets found in Paddock's hotel room with Haig's fingerprints had an "incendiary capsule" on their noses, the documents said. A forensic analysis of those two bullets had tool marks consistent with the equipment in Haig's backyard workshop, according to the complaint.
It also alleges that FBI agents searching Haig's home on Oct. 19 found armor-piercing ammunition.
The complaint said Haig sold such bullets in more than 100 instances to customers across the United States, including Nevada, Texas, Virginia, Wyoming and South Carolina.
He appeared in court Friday and was released under the condition he not possesses guns or ammunition. If convicted, he could face up to five years in prison and a fine as high as $250,000.
Haig and his business partner, whose name wasn't provided, sold 40 to 50 rounds of incendiary rounds to Paddock in late August at a Las Vegas gun show, according to the complaint.
The next month, Haig said he met Paddock at a Phoenix gun show and that he was well-dressed and polite.
He didn't have the quantity of tracer ammunition on hand that Paddock was seeking, so Paddock contacted him several days later and lined up a sale at Haig's home.
Haig said he was shocked and sickened when a federal agent informed him of the massacre 11 hours after it unfolded.
Haig's lawyer said they held the news conference in a bid to protect his reputation after he was revealed earlier this week to be a "person of interest" in the investigation. Haig's identity emerged by mistake after his name was not redacted in court documents.
A law enforcement official previously told The Associated Press that investigators don't believe Haig had any involvement or knowledge of the planned attack when he sold ammunition to Paddock. The official wasn't authorized to discuss an ongoing investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Haig arose in the investigation when a box with his name and address was found in the Mandalay Bay hotel suite where Paddock opened fire on a music festival below.
He gave the box to Paddock to carry the 720 rounds of tracer ammunition from the sale.
Haig said Paddock told him that "he was going to go out to the desert to put on a light show, either with or for his friends. I can't remember whether he used the word 'with' or 'for.' But he said that he was going out at night to shoot it with friends."
Haig, who has closed his ammunition business, said he has received unwanted media attention and death threats since his name was released.
The FBI didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. The U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives referred questions to the U.S. attorney's office in Las Vegas, which declined to comment.
___
Associated Press writers Michael Balsamo in Los Angeles and Regina Garcia Cano in Las Vegas contributed to this report.
___
Follow Jacques Billeaud at www.twitter.com/jacquesbilleaud . His work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/jacques%20billeaud .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Some residents of Nsukka in Enugu State have applauded the Nsukka Local Government for relocating the motor and tricycle parks from Enugu Road to Aku Road to ease traffic.
The residents who made the commendation in separate interviews with newsmen in Nsukka on Friday said the council Chairman, Mr Patrick Omeje had taken a bold initiative.
They said that the relocation would help the people utilise the over 800-shop Nsukka Modern Market along Aku Road, which had been abandoned for over four years after construction.
Mr Celestine Ogbu, a former council leader said: “the council started on a very good note by mustering the political will to start business activities in the modern market.
“Starting business in the market will boost economic activities in Nsukka as well as increase revenue generation in the council.
“The relocation of the parks will end the incessant traffic grid along Enugu road, especially within the axis of the Nsukka Main Market,” he said.
Mrs Regina Ugwuoke, a secondary school teacher, described the movement of the parks to the modern market along Aku road as a welcomed development.
“It will help to stimulate economic activities in other parts of Nsukka town. The relocation will reduce both human and vehicular traffic; Enugu road is a busy road.
“I am also happy that phone and electronic dealers will be moved to the modern market to decongest Nsukka main market which has been overcrowded.
“I commend Omeje for the courage to relocate the parks along Enugu road to the modern market area,” she said.
Mr Jude Mbah, a businessman, said the commencement of activities in the modern market would provide better opportunities for the residents.
“Nsukka LGA made a wise decision that will go a long way to increase the revenue base of the council as well as empower many residents economically,” he said.
Newsmen report that the council had on Jan. 30 relocated the motor and tricycle parks along Enugu road to the modern market area along Aku road.
A High Court judge is set to deliver a ruling on a council's bid to stop protesters delaying a street tree-felling programme in Sheffield.
Sheffield City Council bosses want orders stopping people taking "unlawful direct action" preventing the "lawful" felling of roadside trees.
Mr Justice Males, who analysed evidence at a trial in Leeds a few weeks ago, is scheduled to produce a ruling in London on Tuesday.
The tree-felling programme has been criticised by former deputy prime minister Nick Clegg, when he was a Sheffield Lib Dem MP, and Conservative Environment Secretary Michael Gove.
Council bosses say the programme is essential if Sheffield's 36,000 street trees are to be managed for future generations.
They say trees earmarked for felling are dying or diseased, or pose dangers.
But protesters disagree and regular protests have been staged as contractors have removed hundreds of roadside trees.
Sheffield council has asked for orders barring three named people - including one of its own Green Party councillors - and ''persons unknown'' from ''continuing to take unlawful direct action" or from encouraging others to direct action.
The three named by council lawyers are councillor Alison Teal, campaigner David Dillner and Calvin Payne.
Last year, Mr Dillner failed to persuade a High Court judge to halt the tree-felling programme.
He said the council had not fully consulted, and had failed to assess environmental impact, before launching the programme.
Council bosses disputed his allegations.
Mr Justice Gilbart said Mr Dillner's claim was ''in truth devoid of merit''.
TEENAGE parents who let rats gnaw on the face of their two-week-old baby more than 100 times have been jailed.
Columbia County Sheriff Parents Erica Shrylock and Charles Elliot let the horrific incident happen to their child
Parents Erica Shrylock, 19, and Charles Elliot, 18, allowed the little tot to undergo such horrific injuries, she had to undergo extensive a reconstruction surgery on her skull. The baby who had been born prematurely and weighed a little more than 4lb (8.8kgs) at birth, has since been adopted. Investigators who visited the couple's ramshackle home in the city of Magnolia, Arkansas, in the US, last May, found the 15-day-old child covered in blood with dozens of rat bites on her arms, hands, face and fingers.
Columbia County Sheriff HORROR: Mum Erica Shrylock 19 has been sentenced by an US court
hey also saw the bloody footprints of rats in the cot and found a blood-soaked blanket. The parents admitted using crystal meth and a manmade cannabis called K2 in the days before the rat attack. The duo is believed to have had violent childhoods themselves and been abused as kids. They had grown up in care. Both Shryock and Elliott were sentenced to five years in prison.
Columbia County Sheriff SAD: Dad Charles Elliot 18, had reportedly used drugs in the days leading up to the incident
Fascinating facts about rats With giant rats discovered in London, here are 11 fascinating facts about rats. 1 / 11 Getty Rats don't have great eyesight so they rely on their adorable whiskers to interpret their surroundings
HANOI: Vietnam's Communist Party has set out rules for top officials with an emphasis on fighting corruption, avoiding nepotism and living modestly, the government website said on Tuesday.
The announcement, agreed by the politburo on Monday, comes against the backdrop of a growing crackdown on corruption in the one-party state since security-minded conservatives won greater influence early last year.
The crackdown took on an international dimension this month when Germany accused Vietnam of abducting a former oil official from Berlin who is wanted over losses at a state firm.
Top officials must display "no corruption or opportunism... and be determined to push back against the degeneration in political ideology."
They must have "absolutely no ambition for power", "absolutely not let relatives and acquaintances benefit from their positions" and should lead "an honest, modest, sincere, transparent, simple and generous life".
The crackdown on alleged corruption and mismanagement has focused on inefficient state-owned companies and has led to the rare dismissal of a member of the politburo and calls for the sacking of a vice-minister for her role at an electricity firm.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Trinh Xuan Thanh, the former PetroVietnam official Germany says was abducted from Berlin, is wanted on charges of financial management that caused losses or around US$150 million at the state oil firm.
He was shown on state television saying that he had decided to turn himself in, but the government has never given details as to how he returned from Germany.
Arrest warrants were also issued this month against 16 bankers in a fraud case that dates to 2014.
(Reporting by Mi Nguyen; Editing by Matthew Tostevin and Michael Perry)
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
Actor and screenwriter Paul Rudd will be subjected to a comedic roast as he picks up his 2018 Man of the Year award from the nation's oldest collegiate theatrical organization at Harvard University.
Actor and screenwriter Paul Rudd will be subjected to a comedic roast as he picks up his 2018 Man of the Year award from the nation's oldest collegiate theatrical organization at Harvard University.
NN California's water managers are carrying out their mid-winter snowpack survey as the winter's dry spell persists.
NN California's water managers are carrying out their mid-winter snowpack survey as the winter's dry spell persists.
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma.
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after he tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after he tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
(AP File Photo). FILE - In this April 23, 1972 file photo, actor Robert Wagner and his former wife, actress Natalie Wood, pose at the Dorchester Hotel in London, England. Investigators are now calling Wagner a "person of interest" in the 1981 death of ...
(AP Photo/File). FILE - A Dec. 1, 1981 file photo shows actress Natalie Wood. Investigators are now calling 87-year-old actor Robert Wagner a "person of interest" in the 1981 death of his wife Natalie Wood. Mystery has swirled around Wood's death. It w...
(Photo by Todd Williamson /Invision/AP). FILE - In this Dec. 1, 2013 file photo, Robert Wagner attends The Caucus for Producers, Writers and Directors 31st Annual Awards in Beverly Hills, Calif. New witnesses have emerged in the 1981 drowning of actres...
(AP Photo/Paul J. Harrington, File). FILE - This Nov. 30, 1981 file photo shows the "Prince Valiant," the inflatable dinghy used by Natalie Wood, moored at the harbor in Avalon, Calif., after it washed up on the rocks on Santa Catalina Island. Patrolme...
By BRIAN MELLEY
Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured for nearly four decades as the investigation has ebbed and flowed like the tides off a California island where her body was found floating on Thanksgiving weekend 1981.
Renewed interest came this week when the lead detective in the case said her widower, actor Robert Wagner, now 87, is considered a person of interest.
Here's a look at what's known about the death and the investigation over the years.
ALL ABOARD
The body of Wood, 43, was found off Catalina Island, a scenic getaway about 30 miles south of the Los Angeles-area coastline. The three-time Academy Award nominee who starred in "West Side Story" and "Rebel Without a Cause" couldn't swim. She was wearing a red down jacket and nightgown.
She had been drinking heavily aboard a yacht with her husband and with actor Christopher Walken, who was filming the thriller "Brainstorm" with Wood. The only other person aboard was the boat's captain.
Wagner, who was starring at the time in the TV drama "Hart to Hart," has denied any involvement in his wife's death, and no charges have been filed.
THEORIES FROM TWO KEY WITNESSES
Wagner wrote in a 2008 memoir that he and Walken argued that night. Walken went to bed and Wagner stayed up for a while, he wrote. When he went to bed, he noticed his wife and a rubber dinghy that had been tied to the yacht were missing.
"There are only two possibilities," Wagner wrote, "either she was trying to get away from the argument, or she was trying to tie the dinghy. But the bottom line is that nobody knows exactly what happened."
Walken has said little publicly over the years about the incident and has offered brusque replies at times when pressed. However, he told Playboy in 1997 that he thought Wood was probably half-asleep and slipped, hit her head and fell from the dinghy.
"Anybody there saw the logistics - of the boat, the night, where we were, that it was raining - and would know exactly what happened," Walken said. "You hear about things happening to people - they slip in the bathtub, fall down the stairs, step off the curb in London because they think that the cars come the other way - and they die. You feel you want to die making an effort at something; you don't want to die in some unnecessary way."
CHANGING INVESTIGATION
Authorities initially ruled the death an accidental drowning, but that changed. They reopened the investigation in 2011 after the boat's captain, Dennis Davern, said he heard the couple arguing the night of her disappearance.
The Los Angeles coroner's office amended Wood's death certificate in 2012 to include "drowning and other undetermined factors."
The change was due in part because investigators couldn't rule out that some of the bruises and marks on Wood's body happened before she went into the water, according to the report. Wood wasn't wearing a life jacket, had no history of suicide attempts and didn't leave a note.
The report also revealed that investigators hadn't preserved Wood's fingernails to determine if she had tried to claw her way back into the dinghy. Scratch marks were found on the craft's hull.
When the case was reopened, Los Angeles County sheriff's Lt. John Corina said Wagner was not a suspect.
This week, Corina told CBS News that he didn't believe Wagner had told the whole story about what happened and called him a person of interest in the case.
Initially, a sheriff's spokeswoman downplayed the report Thursday and said there was nothing new in the case. But later, the department issued a statement confirming that Wagner is a person of interest.
"Do we have enough to make an arrest at this moment? No," spokeswoman Nicole Nishida said.
WHAT WALKEN AND WAGNER TOLD INVESTIGATORS
Investigators made at least 10 attempts to interview Wagner again after reopening the investigation in 2011, including tracking him down in Colorado. But either Wagner or his lawyer refused.
Wagner's attorney, Blair Berk, issued a statement five years ago saying neither Wagner nor his daughters had any new information and blaming people for trying to exploit the 30th anniversary of Wood's death.
"Mr. Wagner has fully cooperated over the last 30 years in the investigation of the accidental drowning of his wife in 1981," Berk said at the time. "Mr. Wagner has been interviewed on multiple occasions by the Los Angeles sheriff's department and answered every single question asked of him by detectives during those interviews."
At the time, Corina said Walken gave a prepared statement and spoke to detectives for an hour.
Detectives also interviewed other actors who knew Wagner and Wood to learn more about their relationship.
NEW WITNESSES COME FORWARD
New witnesses interviewed since the case was reopened gave statements that "portray a new sequence of events on the boat that night," said Nishida, the sheriff's spokeswoman.
One witness described hearing yelling and crashing sounds coming from the couple's stateroom, she said. Shortly afterward, other witnesses heard a man and woman arguing on the back of the boat and believe the voices were those of Wood and Wagner.
Those statements differ from the version of events originally provided by witnesses, including those who were on the boat, she said.
In the past, people on boats moored near the yacht have provided witness statements.
Wagner's publicist, Alan Nierob, declined to comment Thursday.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
REUTERS: NBCUniversal, the U.S. media conglomerate owned by Comcast Corp, is in the final stage of talks to buy a 25 percent stake in European broadcaster Euronews, a source close to the Euronews management told Reuters on Wednesday.
The investment will allow NBC to reach out to 277 million new households in 13 languages across Europe, Africa and the Middle East.
If the deal goes ahead, NBC News - part of NBCUniversal - would look to strengthen Euronews' offerings, while NBCUniversal could use the transaction as a first step to expanding its operations on the European continent.
The investment will be made through a reserved shares sale and could amount to approximately US$30 million, the source said. A second capital increase is planned for all existing Euronews shareholders.
The entire deal has yet to be approved by Euronews shareholders by the end of this month, with completion expected by the end of March or start of April, the source added.
Separately, NBCUNiversal named Noah Oppenheim as president of NBC News, according to an internal memo seen by Reuters on Tuesday.
Euronews was created in the wake of the 1990 Gulf War as a "European CNN" and used to be owned by a consortium of state-owned European channels before Egyptian billionaire Naguib Sawiris took a 53 percent stake in the broadcaster.
Sawiris is expected to keep a controlling stake in Euronews, following the two capital increases, the source said.
The memo said Oppenheim, the executive in charge of NBC's morning show "Today", will replace Deborah Turness, president since 2013.
Turness will be named as the first president of NBC News International. Both Oppenheim and Turness will report to NBC News Chairman Andy Lack.
(Reporting by Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru and Mathieu Rosemain in Paris; Editing by Maju Samuel and Adrian Croft)
SINGAPORE: Fire broke out at a coffee shop at Block 9 Jurong West Avenue 5 on Saturday (Oct 7).
The Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF) said it was alerted to the incident just before noon and that customers had self-evacuated before officers arrived.
Firefighters at Jurong West Avenue 5 on Saturday (Oct 7). (Photo: Channel NewsAsia reader)
The fire involved some exhaust ventilation ducting at the eating house, said SCDF, adding that it was extinguished with a water jet.
No one was injured.
How can JK Rowling be 'genuinely happy' with casting Johnny Depp in sequel to Fantastic Beasts?
Last week, JK Rowling wrote on her website why she not just supports but is ‘genuinely happy' with the casting of Johnny Depp as Gellert Grindelwald in The Crimes of Grindelwald. The film is the sequel to last year's Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them and a part of the mega successful Harry Potter franchise. Depp plays the much-feared dark wizard, who appeared briefly in the Harry Potter franchise, and was a friend-turned-foe of Albus Dumbledore.
Depp's casting is controversial because of the domestic violence claims made by his ex-wife Amber Heard.
The actress accused the Pirates of the Caribbean actor of emotional and physical abuse during their divorce proceedings in May 2016. Fans have been questioning why the domestic violence allegation didn't cost Depp's job since he was first seen a cameo as Grindelwald in Nov 2016. In the second film, that's due for a Nov 2018 release, he has the title role, and will presumably continue to be a part of the three future Fantastic Beasts films.
The Depp controversy picked up steam once more when Warner Bros., the studio behind the franchise, released the first cast photo and the name of the next installment in last month. Rowling, who is normally very vocal on social media about supporting women's empowerment and calling out bullying and sexual harassment, was quiet even as fans tweeted to her about Depp's casting.
In the statement published on Dec 7, the 52-year-old author wrote that she is not able to speak frankly about the issue because of ‘the agreements that have been put in place to protect the privacy of two people”. She did, though, give the casting her approval. “Based on our understanding of the circumstances, the filmmakers and I are not only comfortable sticking with our original casting, but genuinely happy to have Johnny playing a major character in the movies.”
Rowling ended her statement with, “We all have to do what we believe to be the right thing”. Only in this case, the ‘right thing' would have been to not publically support a man who is a known abuser.
Barely 15 months after they got married, Heard filed for a restraining order against 52-year-old Depp. The actress alleged, “Johnny has been verbally and physically abusive to me” and claimed that there were times when she feared for her life. As evidence she submitted photographs of injuries (including bruises on her face), texts detailing physical abuse and photographs implying that Depp allegedly cut off a part of his finger to spite her. There is also a leaked video, obtained by TMZ in August last year, that shows Depp slamming kitchen cabinets, screaming, and calling Heard crazy. He appears to throw and shatter a glass and wine bottle before grabbing her phone.
Soon after, the exes settled the divorce case and Heard retracted her petition for a retraining order. In a joint statement, the former couple said, “Our relationship was intensely passionate and at times volatile, but always bound by love. Neither party has lied nor made false accusations for financial gain. There was never any intent of physical or emotional harm. Amber wishes the best for Johnny in the future. Amber will be donating financial proceeds from the divorce to a charity. There will be no further public statements about this matter.”
At the time, Heard first came forward with the accusations; she was immediately called a liar by Depp's very vocal supporters and by the media. In the pre-Weinstein era, even when victims of abuse showed physical evidence of the said abuse, the society was quick to fallback on the gold-digging, fame-seeking prototype. Forget acknowledging a victim's pain, even believing the abuse was a huge problem a year ago.
One hoped that the #MeToo movement and the renewed cultural conversation about violence against women would have encouraged one of the world's most famous women and a self-made billionaire to not protect a powerful abuser. As the writer and producer of the Fantastic Beasts films, Rowling would have a say in the casting.
Ridley Scott reshot a whole film after replacing Kevin Spacey with Christopher Plummer in two weeks; it would have been possible to recast Depp but the powers-that-be decided not to.
Abuse has been a recurring theme in Rowling's works. The Dursleys' confined Harry to a cupboard under the stairs, he was starved and berated daily. Sirius Black, Severus Snape and Tom Riddle have all suffered different degrees of verbal and physical abuse in their childhood. In Fantastic Beasts, his adopted mother frequently beats young wizard Credence Barebone.
In The Casual Vacancy, her first book after Harry Potter, Rowling wrote a supporting character called Andrew, a teen who lives with his abusive father. In an interview to The New Yorker, the notoriously private novelist admitted that she identified with the character. While she insisted that “no one in The Causal Vacancy is a portrait of any living person, Rowling also said, “I did not have an easy relationship with my father”.
It has been rumoured for years that Rowling's first marriage to Jorge Arantes, a Portuguese journalism student, three years her junior, was abusive. While she has never publically spoken about the extent of the violence she endured, Arantes in an interview admitted to slapping her “very hard” and throwing her out of their home in the morning of Nov 17, 1993.
Rowling is someone who understands, and has probably experienced, domestic violence of some kind. But her statement about Depp's casting is yet another example of a woman's complaint being swept aside in favour of a popular and powerful man.
In Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Rowling wrote, “Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic. Capable of both inflicting injury, and remedying it”. Her words, last week, took a little sheen off her magic.
KELLY Brook may have toned down her sexually explicit photoshoots in recent years but she's not completely toned down her image.
iCelebTV SEX APPEAL: Kelly Brook brandishes a whip in the new advert
The buxom babe was spotted filming a racy advert for bookies Ladbrokes in Liverpool on Wednesday morning. Dressed in a bright red dress and matching hat – Kelly oozed classic sex appeal as she arrived on set. Featuring a plunging neckline, the outfit meant Kel's lager-than-life assets were clearly on display. Pushing her boobs together as much as possible, the British beauty created a killer cleavage as she perched on a giant throne. Bizarrely, the golden seat was on top of a majestic stallion and followed by a gaggle of jockeys.
Celebrity bra sizes exposed Can you guess what bra sizes these celebrities have, take a look through the pictures to find out? 1 / 22 WENN Kelly Brook's bra size is 34E
INSTAGRAM BORED: Kelly Brook was forced to half filming due to the weather
Kelly Brook pictures Kelly Brook flaunts her curvy figure and loves to put her busty assets on show at all times 1 / 68 Kelly Brook/Instagram Kelly Brook puts on fruity display as she unleashes crazy cleavage in hot bikini snap
Turning up the heat even more, Kelly brandished a horse whip, twirling it around as is she was about to spank someone with it. The 38-year-old was in high spirits as she filmed the commercial – despite having to halt filming earlier in the day. Taking to her Instagram story, Kelly posted a clip of her stuck in her trailer with her boyfriend Jeremy Parisi as it poured down with rain outside.
INSTAGRAM STUNNER: Kelly Brook is one of the biggest UK models of all time
Kelly Brook's Sexiest Ever Selfles Kelly brook loves a selfie. She has regularly treated her legions of fans online. Here ee have put together a selection of our favourites for you to enjoy. So, Enjoy. 1 / 14 Instagram Kelly Brook hints she could be the next bond
“Jeremy just keeps me on the straight and narrow and keeps me focused ” Kelly Brook Alongside a glum selfie, the lads' mag regular wrote: "All dressed up and nowhere to go," before adding a raining emoji. Jeremy and Kelly have been dating since 2015, and while they have no wedding plans as of late, Kelly does hope to walk down the aisle one day. Joking he keeps her on the straight and narrow, Kelly said: "I'm always the person who's like let's have another drink, let's have a dessert.
INSTAGRAM LOVED UP: Kelly Brook and Jeremy Parisi have been together since 2015
RYANAIR has increased the cost of taking carry-on luggage onto their flights, just months after bringing the fee in.
The low-cost Irish airline has hiked the fee on selected routes from £5 to £6 if passengers choose the option when making their booking. And if they pay when checking in online, it will cost £7 for the privilege of taking a cabin-sized suitcase on board. The airline first introduced the charge for carry-on cases in January. Up until then all passengers could do so for free.
GETTY GOING UP: The cost of taking cabin bags on board Ryanair flights are taking off
INSIDE of the world's biggest SUPERJUMBO The show-stopping double-decker A380 superjumbo, which can host up to 455 passengers with luxurious accommodation is in sad decline. 1 / 20 Getty Images A stewardess poses inside the bar of an Emirates Airlines A380
But at the start of the year the new ruling meant only priority-boarding customers were allowed two bags (a small bag and cabin bag). Everyone else was allowed to carry only a smaller handbag-sized bag, while small suitcases were placed in the hold at the boarding gate for free. If passengers want to take cases on board with them to place in the overhead luggage then they have to pay the fee. A Ryanair spokesperson told the Sun Online : "Like all businesses, our optional fees can change unlike our fares which keep coming down.
GETTY ENOUGH WITH FREEBIES: Ryanair introduced the cabin bag fees in January
The Concorde left to ROT: Supersonic jet dumped at Heathrow Concorde GBOAB has been left to rust in a corner of Heathrow 1 / 12 Heritage Concorde The rest of the Concorde's interior has been stripped
The Hays Police Department responded to 3 animal calls and 19 traffic stops Fri., Aug. 11, 2017, according to the HPD Activity Log.
MV Accident-City Street/Alley–200 block E 15th St, Hays; 7:35 AM
MV Accident-Private Property-Hit and Run–300 block Mopar Dr, Hays; 10:24 AM
Theft (general)–1200 block Main St, Hays; 8/10 12:30 PM; 1:30 PM
MV Accident-City Street/Alley–3600 block Vine St, Hays; 2:47 PM
Welfare Check–500 block E 20th St, Hays; 3:19 PM
Theft (general)–1100 block E 13th St, Hays; 5/15 11 AM
Found/Lost Property–3700 block Vine St, Hays; 3:29 PM; 3:42 PM
Burglary/vehicle–2900 block Vine St, Hays; 8/10 7 PM; 7:15 PM
Contempt of Court/Fail to Pay–400 block Pine St, Hays; 4:01 PM
Animal At Large–1100 block E 17th St, Hays; 4:53 PM
MV Accident-City Street/Alley–27th and Broadway, Hays; 6:10 PM
Found/Lost Property–Hays; 8:39 PM
Pursuit/Chase–15th and Milner St, Hays; 9:46 PM
The Hays Police Department responded to 10 animal calls and 11 traffic stops Sat., Aug. 12, 2017, according to the HPD Activity Log.
MV Accident-City Street/Alley–2700 block Indian Trail Trl, Hays; 5:30 PM
Battery – simple–500 block W 10th St, Hays; 2:12 AM
Civil Transport–1300 block Kansas Highway 264, Larned; 6:42 AM
Lost Animals ONLY–100 block E 23rd St, Hays; 9:33 AM
Abandoned Vehicle–1100 block E 26th St, Hays; 9:37 AM
Animal At Large–1500 block Haney Dr, Hays; 9:54 AM
Drug Offenses–1400 block Montgomery St, Hays; 9:46 PM
Burglary/business–2500 block Vine St, Hays; 5 PM; 10:08 AM
Harassment (All Other)–100 block W 4th St, Hays; 9:14 AM
Animal At Large–2500 block Indian Trl, Hays; 11:17 AM
Lost Animals ONLY–300 block E 12th St, Hays; 11:20 AM
Lost Animals ONLY–1700 block Douglas Dr, Hays; 11:47 AM
Lost Animals ONLY–3300 block Hall St, Hays; 12:08 PM
Theft (general)–1000 block Reservation Rd, Hays; 2:21 PM
Parking Complaint–100 block W 34th St, Hays; 6:52 PM
Phone/Mail Scam–3600 block Vine St, Hays; 8:07 PM
Disturbance – Noise–200 block W 7th St, Hays; 10:08 PM
Driving Under the Influence–4100 block Roth Ave, Hays; 11:40 PM
The Hays Police Department responded to 3 animal calls and 18 traffic stops Sun., Aug. 13, 2017, according to the HPD Activity Log.
Intoxicated Subject–500 block W 20th St, Hays; 1:27 AM
Suicidal Subject–1300 block Anthony Dr, Hays; 1:31 AM
Suspicious Activity–1000 block E 43rd St, Hays; 2:56 AM
Criminal Trespass–2500 block Vine St, Hays; 7:07 AM
Abandoned Vehicle–400 block W 11th St, Hays; 9:26 AM
Lost Animals ONLY–3300 block Willow St, Hays; 9:49 AM
Burglary/vehicle–3200 block Vine St, Hays; 8/12 10 PM; 8/13 9 AM
Unwanted Person–1000 block E 37th St, Hays; 12:21 PM
Found/Lost Property–500 block W 7th St, Hays; 3:35 PM
Driving While Suspended/Revoked–1100 block E 33rd St, Hays; 4:13 PM
Found/Lost Property–2800 block Augusta Ln, Hays; 7:19 PM
Credit Card Violations–Hays; 7:30 PM
Credit Card Violations–Hays; 7:30 PM
Theft (general)–4300 block Vine St, Hays; 7:06 PM
MV Accident-Hit and Run–500 block W 27th St, Hays; 7:37 PM
Criminal Trespass–4300 block Vine St, Hays; 7:53 PM
Theft (general)–4300 block Vine St, Hays; 8:38 PM
Warrant Service (Fail to Appear)–700 block E 6th, Hays; 8:45 PM
Shoplifting–4300 block Vine St, Hays; 8/8 12 AM; 8/9 11:59 PM
Shoplifting–4300 block Vine St, Hays; 8/9 12 AM; 8/10 12 AM
Drug Offenses–1000 block W 45th St, Hays; 11:29 PM
WASHINGTON: Former Georgia Governor Sonny Perdue is U.S. Republican President-elect Donald Trump's leading candidate to run the U.S. Department of Agriculture, a senior Trump transition team official said on Monday.
Perdue, a Democrat-turned-Republican who founded a grain and fertilizer business, served on Trump's agricultural advisory committee during his presidential campaign.
The official gave no other details about Trump's choice for agriculture secretary, one of the few remaining posts Trump has to fill as he assumes the White House on Jan. 20.
The appointment must be approved by the Republican-led U.S. Senate.
Perdue, 70, led the southern U.S. state for two terms as governor from 2003 to 2011 after previously representing a rural swath of central Georgia about 100 miles south of Atlanta in the state Senate.
Elected in 2002, he became the state's first Republican since 1871, according to the National Governors Association.
After finishing his second term as governor, Perdue founded Perdue Partners, a global trading firm that consults and provides services for companies looking to export products.
Trump had been meeting with a number of other possible candidates for U.S. agriculture secretary, including Elsa Murano, undersecretary of agriculture for food safety under President George W. Bush, and Chuck Conner, head of the National Council of Farmer Cooperatives.
He has also met with Abel Maldonado, former lieutenant governor of California and co-owner of Runway Vineyards; Tim Huelskamp, Republican U.S. representative from Kansas; and Sid Miller, Texas agriculture commissioner.
(Reporting by Steve Holland; Additional reporting by Mark Weinraub in Chicago and Susan Heavey; Editing by James Dalgleish and Andrea Ricci)
Mr. and Mrs. John C. Brodsky of Rumson are pleased to announce the engagement of their daughter, Charlotte Noel Howlin, to Matthew Patrick Devine, son of Mr. and Mrs. Gregory R. Devine of Exeter, New Hampshire.
Charlotte is a graduate of Rumson-Fair Haven High School and the College of the Holy Cross in Worcester, Massachusetts. She is employed as a Credit eSales rep at GFI Group in New York. She is the granddaughter of J. Putnam Brodsky, M.D. and the late Margaret Brodsky, and Mary and the late Thomas P. Santry Sr.
Matthew is a cum laude graduate of the College of the Holy Cross in Worcester, Massachusetts. He is employed as an analyst at Neville, Rodie & Shaw, an investment management firm in New York.
He is the grandson of the late John and Diana Devine and the late Omer and Patricia Paradise.
A September 2018 wedding is planned in Rumson.
This announcement was first published in the Jan. 25-Feb. 1, 2018 print edition of The Two River Times.
A 42-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of possessing an ‘explosive' following a seven-hour police siege in Sussex yesterday.
Irving Walk in Tilgate, Crawley, had to be evacuated due to the armed police siege, which came to an end just before 11pm yesterday (August 13).
The road was cordoned off for five hours to make way for the emergency services. Picture: Eddie Mitchell
The road was cordoned off for five hours while armed police negotiated with a man in a house.
Families were moved into the nearby Tilgate Community Centre, to make way for officers who were at the scene for seven hours. Click here for the original story.
A Sussex Police spokesman said: “A 42-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possessing an explosive with intent to endanger life, following a stand-off with police in Irving Walk, Crawley, on Sunday afternoon (August 13). He currently remains in police custody.
“Meanwhile, an investigation into the incident continues with the assistance of explosive ordnance disposal experts.”
Armed police at the scene. Picture: Eddie Mitchell
More to follow.
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1) Make our website your homepage
2) Like our Facebook page
3) Follow us on Twitter
4) Register with us by clicking on ‘sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
Always the first with your local news.
Be part of it.
The Operation WHIRL STROKE has debunked allegation of extra-judicial killings of Fulani and hundreds of their cattle leveled against it by the Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN).
Speaking at a press briefing, in Makurdi, on Tuesday, acting Director, Defence Information, Brig. Gen. John Ajim, described the allegation made by the Chairman of Nasarawa State branch of MACBAN, Mohammed Hussein, as completely false and unfounded.
“The truth of the matter is that on the 26th of June 2018, at about 6:00 in the morning, some troops of OPWS carried out a cordon and search operation at a suspected herdsmen militia camp in Barkin Kota Village in Keana local government area of Nasarawa State.
“After the initial success of the operation, the militia elements reorganised and attacked our team killing two soldiers and injuring five personnel including he officers commanding who led the operation.
“Following this incidence, some troops of OPWS were mobilized for reinforcement. In the fire fight that ensued, some of the militia must have sustained some casualties as we were able to extricate our men that were injured.
Gen. Ajim said in the course of the fighting, the OPWS troops recovered one AK47 riffle fitted with magazine, two locally made guns, one pistol, one axe and 800 rounds of 7.62mm special.
“This was the criminal group that our troops were able to destroy their camp. For the Nasarawa State Chairman of MACBAN to identify and associate with them as members of his association bugs for questions and answers.
“While the military is not in a hurry to link MACBAN to this militia, investigation has begun to unravel those behind the death of our men. The military is ready to take down those who are responsible alongside their sponsors no matter how highly placed.
Reeling out the achievements of the OPWS since its inception in the last two months, Ajim said the effort of the operation to restore peace and order in Nasarawa, Benue and Taraba states had yield positively as over 100,000 internally displaced persons (IDPs) are estimated to have returned to their homes across Benue state.
While disclosing that several suspects have been arrest with items recovered from them across the three states of operation, the acting Defence information Director stated that OPWS troops have continued to carry out special patrols f farmlands to sustain the peace and build confidence of displaced persons so that they can return to their economic activities.
“So far, OPWS troops have arrested 21 suspects and recovered 20 weapons and 882 rounds of assorted ammunition in Nasarawa, state. Similarly, the force has recovered three weapons, nine rounds of ammunition while 12 suspects were arrested in Taraba state.
“In addition, we have also recovered four weapons, and 169 rounds of ammunition as well as apprehended 13 suspects in Benue state since our operation commenced.”
He disclosed further that OPWS has been fully launched in Zamfara State and it is to be known as OPWS II with a separate commander appointed to oversee the Zamfara operation.
The owner of Rwanda Focus Limited, a weekly newspaper and website is currently being detained at Remera Police station on alleged tax evasion, …
Rwead more
Commerce Content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and if you buy something through our posts, we may get a small share of the sale. Click here for more.
Comedian Artie Lange shared a shocking photo on Twitter that resulted in New Jersey cops rushing to his house late Friday night!
Lange, 50, posted a selfie of what appeared to be a severely swollen nose. Soon after, Hoboken cops arrived at his home after receiving a call from someone concerned about the crass comic.
Hey I got a quick message for u Ang. U ain't the man. U run for the man. I fear nothing. pic.twitter.com/Sdn4BgSQzz — Artie Lange (@artiequitter) December 9, 2017
Despite the scare, Howard Stern‘s former sidekick — who has had a long history with drug addiction, and has attempted suicide on two different occasions — released a statement reassuring fans that he was fine.
Everything isn't funny as the Great Hoboken Police just explained to me. I'm so sorry I made those guys deal with unimportant crap. I'm fine. In a related issue how do u delete a tweet? — Artie Lange (@artiequitter) December 9, 2017
“Everything isn't funny as the Great Hoboken Police just explained to me,” Lange revealed just hours after the scary tweet. “I'm so sorry I made those guys deal with unimportant crap. I'm fine. In a related issue how do u delete a tweet?”
“Hey guys I just got myself a shower & some quick cardio,” Lange added in another Tweet. “Then I had to take another shower. But I'm back to bein Artie. That lucky kid from Jersey! As u can see I'm ok!”
As Radar previously reported, Lange is struggling with some major health issues. After missing several appearances of his podcast The Artie and Anthony Show fans suspected he was back on drugs.
ajkdnakjdnakdnakdjnakjnakndkj
“Artie has to take care of a few things,” his mother, Judy Lange told Radar. “He's got diabetes, so that doesn't help. He's okay, as much as he can be. But he is fighting addiction — trying to get through that, and hopefully he will.”
Lange was previously hospitalized after undergoing emergency heart surgery.
“After Chicago gig I collapsed,” Lange admitted. “All the blow & H I've done for yrs blew hole in my nose & landed in my chest. It was infected. I was hours from checkin out. They ripped open my chest and got it all. I cheated the devil for the hundredth time.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.
THORNVILLE, Ohio- Despite the heat, people lined the streets for a long-time tradition.
The Annual Thornville Fourth of July Parade stepped off at 11 a.m. on Columbus Street Wednesday. Families and friends looked on as the marching band played and parade participants tossed candy to the children. Director of the Perry County Chamber of Commerce, John Ulmer, said the parade is a great way to celebrate the Fourth.
“It's just people coming together, an annual tradition and everything,” said Ulmer. “They come and see everybody, and be a part of celebrating the Fourth of July, and appreciating the freedom that we have as a result of those that gave their lives or are currently serving in order to have that freedom to do these kinds of things.”
Ulmer said its also a way to draw people into Thornville so they can learn a little about what the community is like.
“Again, it allows the opportunity for a lot of outside people to come into the area to see what Thornville's like and a great little community,” said Ulmer. “What Perry County itself is like because we've got parades and fireworks and stuff that's going to be going on throughout the entire area.”
Ulmer said the Fourth of July parade is a tradition that people enjoy and they love to come back every year to see the parade and spend time with friends and family.
MEGHAN Markle has been trolled online for her choice of dress at a memorial service, which she attended with Prince Harry this week.
The pair stepped out hand in hand at St Martin-in-the-Fields church, for the memorial service of Stephen Lawrence, an 18-year-old Brit black man murdered in a racially-charged attack 25 years ago. They were joined by Prime Minister Theresa May, who sat next to Meghan. Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and Stephen's mum Doreen and brother Stuart were also in attendance.
Getty MEMORIAL SERVICE: Meghan Markle was sat next to Prince Harry and Theresa May
Getty SERVICE: Meghan Markle was sat between Theresa May and Prince Harry
The visit came hours after Prince William and Kate Middleton welcomed their third child on Monday. Meghan sported a sleeveless, black, printed V-neck dress from Hugo Boss, with a belt and paired with her signature bun, a clutch and nude pumps. But style critics denounced Markle for being less than dressed for the occasion. Addressing her by the name of her TV show Suits character, one Twitter user wrote: “It's a memorial service for a murder victim. In a church. Is it too much to ask of Rachel to cover up with a jacket, wear stockings, sort out that messy hair for once and stop the holding hands!”
Twitter CRITICISE: Some of the comments on Twitter
“Someone needs a lesson in some decorum” Twitter user Another commented on her “inappropriate” and added: “Someone needs a lesson in some decorum. Good grief.” Some others were meanwhile, more forgiving. A user defended her and said: “Give her time, she is still learning. We know it should have been a suit or a dress with a collar and sleeves. She is a fashionista of the mod world.”
Getty TROLLED: Meghan was trolled for her dress and hair
0 Human trafficking in Pittsburgh: A victim's story
Human trafficking in a problem nationwide, including right here in Pittsburgh. Channel 11 got a rare glimpse into the issue, after sitting down with a victim.
We'll call her Kate.
If you or someone you know is a victim of human trafficking, CLICK HERE.
Kate spent much of her childhood in abusive households, jumping between her family, foster parents and adoption. Eventually, she decided to run away, but she was homeless and alone. At just 15 years old, that's when she met someone who seemed to be offering her a way out.
"He offered me a place to go because I had nowhere," Kate said. "That's when he said if you help me I'll help you out."
It started with Kate selling drugs on 5th Avenue downtown. Soon, she says, that wasn't enough.
RELATED LINKS:
"It seemed like no matter how much money I made, it was gone," she said. "He said I didn't make enough and I would have to do other stuff and I didn't want to."
The man in charge was 40 years old -- more than twice her age.
"After about a month I didn't want to do it anymore and he wouldn't let me leave," she said.
Pittsburgh Action Against Rape
Channel 11 asked Kate if she ever saw herself as a victim during that time. She said no.
"I felt like I was completely accountable for all of my actions," Kate said.
That reaction isn't uncommon.
Jackie Hoover, assistant deputy director of Allegheny County Children Youth and Families, says she sees that reaction from a lot of victims.
TRENDING NOW:
"We're using that trauma lens to say that these are victims rather than consenting individuals," Hoover told Channel 11.
It took Kate several weeks to get out of her situation, and an arrest. The FBI took down her captor in a sting at a local hotel room. But Kate was also charged, with prostitution. She told Channel 11 it was a confusing situation.
"I was scared because I didn't know what was going to happen to me," she said. "I was ashamed and embarrassed. But I was relieved because I didn't want to do that no more and this was my way out."
Hoover says she believes many young girls arrested in prostitution busts are human trafficking victims. She is working with the district attorney's office to create a diversion program so the arrests won't show up on their records.
"They don't have to be charged with prostitution and they can be truly identified as what they are, which is victims," Hoover said.
To learn more about The Project to End Human Trafficking, CLICK HERE.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation considers human trafficking the third-largest criminal activity in the world.
Human trafficking is a big and real problem in Pittsburgh and the FBI said it needs the public's help to stop it.
The National Human Trafficking Hotline reported almost 5,600 calls regarding sex trafficking in 2016, and 156 of them were in Pennsylvania.
Mary Burke, a professor at Carlow University, said the internet has allowed traffickers to make more money, and they use the internet to recruit, control and sell victims online.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Nigeria U20s, the Flying Eagles, have promised they will not fail Guinea Bissau's test in next month's U20 AFCON qualifier.
Flying Eagles will travel to Guinea Bissau on May 15 for the first leg fixture with the return clash slatted for Nigeria May 22.
Aware of the huge expectations of Nigerians on the squad who did not qualify for the 2017 U20 AFCON, skipper Ikouwem Udoh said they are focusing on the Guinea Bissau match with a view to ensuring victory.
“Guinea Bissau are a strong team, they proved that by eliminating Sierra Leone so we are working hard in our preparation knowing it will be a difficult match,” the Enyimba defender said.
“Our determination is to do well in Bissau and we are going to do our best to get a decent result there.”
Udoh's confidence was shared by newly invited Ebuka Nwenyi, who stars for FC Ifeanyiubah.
“I came back from the Flying Eagles camp to play for my club in this weekend's league match against Rangers. I'll rejoin the national camp immediately because of our match in Guinea Bissau which we are working hard to win,” said the hard-tackling defender.
“We will ensure good result there to make the return leg match a lot easier.”
Getty Images
If the Browns want Josh Allen, Josh Allen wants the Browns to know he wants them.
The Wyoming quarterback made it clear he wants to be the No. 1 overall draft choice.
“Yeah, it would mean that I'm going to Cleveland,” Allen said Tuesday. “My biggest interest of being the No. 1 pick, obviously the pressure that comes along with that, I would love to have that pressure on my shoulders because I've always thrived in those situations, and I feel like Cleveland would be a great spot to be. But if I'm not, I'm not, and I'm going to do whatever I can to the team that actually picks me and actually wants me so we'll go from there.”
Allen, Minkah Fitzpatrick, Shaquem Griffin and Mason Rudolph joined Jason Witten at The Star, the Cowboys' training facility, for a Day of Mentorship for young men from Witten's Score Foundation sponsored by the Collection by Michael Strahan at JCPenney.
Allen was the top draw of the media crowd since he has a chance to go first.
Oklahoma's Baker Mayfield also could be in play for the Browns. Some have USC's Sam Darnold as the top-rated quarterback.
“It doesn't bother me one way or another,” Allen said when asked who the top-rated quarterback is. “Everybody's got their own opinion and their own say. In today's age, everybody wants to be right, so there's people that hate you; there's people that love you. I'm going to go out there and play my game, and whatever team is fortunate to pick me, or I'm fortunate to be picked by, is going to be a team I'm going to give everything to. Hopefully I'll be there for the next 15 years. It's an exciting time, but at this moment, right now, I'm content with whatever happens. My job is done, and now it's just sitting back and hearing my name being called.”
Allen said he had seven visits and named the Browns, Giants, Jets, Broncos, Bills and Cardinals as showing the most interest.
“Whatever happens,” Allen said. “I visited seven teams for a reason, just because of the uncertainty. Whatever happens happens, and I guess we'll find out come Thursday.”
The military once again clarified its position during times of political instability in a press conference on Thursday.
The military spokesperson reinforced the army's support for the civilian set up and for playing a positive part in the maintenance of the democracy It is highly appreciable that the army is trying to reinforce such ideas as a lot of political actors in the country are blaming the institution for the upheaval and the ousting of the former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
The spokesperson has clearly stated that the constitution is supreme and it clearly states that a martial law is unconstitutional, which is why it would never be on the cards for Pakistan.
However, there are certain aspects of the conference which should be reviewed very carefully.
While the spokesperson reaffirmed the army's support to the civilian government; at the same time he took the liberty to discuss matters which come under the authority of the civilian government and fall completely out of the army's domain.
The first was the discussion about the registration of the Milli Muslim League (MML) - an offshoot of Jamaat ud Dawa – and the actions taken by the Election Commission of Pakistan in this regard.
The second was the controversial debate regarding the Khatam-e-Nabuwat laws.
And last, he addressed the economic instability that Pakistan has been facing in the recent months.
These are undeniably very pressing issues but the military as an institution is not constitutionally given the powers to address them or take part in decision making – as such it should have refrained from talking on these matters at all.
Crucially, these comments completely negate and contradict their own previous statement regarding the non-interfrence.
And it is highly unlikely that the person responsible for the military public relations was unaware of the exact effect of his statements and their implications.
At this point in time, when everyone is indulging in the blame game; the army needs to choose its words very carefully and ensure that it is not encroaching into territory which is off bounds.
There is a literal buzz in statehouse today.
Mark Willemssen, facilities manager for the Iowa legislature, says it's the sound of a chipping hammer. It's knocking out bricks in the capitol dome that need to be replaced.
“They're at the lower end of the dome now and hopefully they'll be done with that brickwork in the next week or two,” Willemssen says.
Cracks in the state capitol's golden dome caused by leaking water, humidity and a lightning strike are being fixed. Crumbling mortar is being replaced, too. Crews working to remove bricks today are standing inside the dome, just above columns that line a walkway called the “whispering gallery.”
“It seemed as they came down the inside of the dome, the brick and the mortar got a little harder, so they had to go with bigger tools to work on that,” Willemssen says.
Restoration of the dome began a year ago. Legislators set aside $10 million for the project. Crews aim to be done sometime this fall.
Officers executed a warrant on a property in Coventry and discovered items they believed to be suspicious.
The Army's Explosive Ordnance Disposal was called to carry out an examination of the items.
A cordon was erected around the property in Brookside Avenue and numerous nearby houses were evacuated.
Police also closed the road to ensure the scene could be made safe.
Odell Beckham Jr. was the ladies' man of Coachella, it seems.
He was spotted with Amber Rose, but a Page Six spy also caught the Giants star doing some flirting with Hailey Baldwin who was “having her shoe tied by” him.
She “flirtatiously extended her foot to an obliging Beckham Jr.,” the source at a Chevy EV party said.
Despite Lady Gaga replacing Beyoncé at the last minute, rapper Gucci Mane was the big draw.
“He won Coachella. There wasn't a lot of excitement around Gaga's performance . . . there were more people there for Gucci,” one fan told us.
Gucci had help from Migos and Diddy during his set.
ISLAMABAD - Approving 124 supplementary demands for grants and appropriation amounting to Rs121 billion, the National Assembly's budget session Wednesday ended with hullaballoo, exchange of heated remarks and customary boycott of opposition.
The combined opposition, before observing boycott, in a novel way of protest silently sat around the speaker's podium for a few minutes but a PTI MNA Hamid-ul-Haq behaved a bit violently by ripping off his shirt in front of Finance Minister Ishaq Dar.
However, Khursheed Shah rushed to stop him and left the house with other opposition parties' members in protest. The opposition also staged a protest outside the parliament house's gate. They were also holding placards inscribed with slogans like ‘anti-people budget'. Some lawmakers, including, PPP's MNA Shazia Marri, PTI's Hamidul Haq, were seen wearing garlands of fruits, vegetables and milk.
Inside the house, the ruckus started when PTI Deputy Parliamentary Leader Shah Mehmood Qureshi was interrupted during his speech by Abid Sher Ali and Mian Abdul Manan with their teasing remarks.
Minister for Finance Ishaq Dar, concluding the debate on supplementary grants, once again urged all the political parties to sit together to formulate a national economy agenda. “This effort will surely help the people of Pakistan if consensus develops on it,” he said.
Minister, in absence of opposition, said the future of Pakistan is bright as international financial institutions are also admiring economic indicators of the country. “Pakistan has achieved economic stability because of prudent economic policies of incumbent government,” he said, praying this process of success would further continue in coming days.
“We are thankful to Allah Almighty for granting us opportunity to present the 5th budget,” he said, lauding all the lawmakers for their contribution in the budget.
Dar announced honoraria equal to four months basic pay for employees of Senate and National Assembly as well as the staff of all the organisations deployed for the budget session. The minister said that all the complaints regarding non-payment of honoraria will be addressed. He said the overall impact of the honoraria will be equivalent to five basic pays as it will be given in accordance with the new pay scales.
About non-payment of honoraria, NA speaker remarked that the non-payment of honoraria will be considered a breach of the privilege of the Parliament.
The House approved all 124 supplementary demands for grants and appropriations amounting to over 121 billion rupees for the outgoing financial year of different ministries and departments. The house also approved Rs68.5 billion charge expenditures.
At the fag end of proceedings amid desk-thumping, the minister announced ten per cent increase in salaries of parliamentarians. Taking the floor, Opposition Leader Khursheed Shah raised serious concerns for not taking parliament into confidence by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on foreign policy. “Why our [foreign] policy is still unclear, as minister for foreign affairs [PM] should inform the parliament about it,” he said. He also questioned that why Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif was not given opportunity to speak in the Islamic summit. About absence of Prime Minister, Shah sarcastically said the Premier has no time for its own parliamentarians.
PTI's Shah Mehmood Qureshi said the government institutions were creating restrictions in the way of JIT. “JIT is feeling insecure,” he said apparently quoting JIT's report. Qureshi was repeatedly interrupted by some government MNAs, including Abid Sher Ali, Mian Abdul Manan and others, with their teasing remarks.
Andrew Markel is the editor of Brake & Front End magazine. He has been with Babcox Media for 15 years. He is a technician and former service writer and holds several automotive certifications from ASE and ­aftermarket manufacturers. He can be reached at [email protected]
Why are there so many types of automatic transmission fluid? You might ask yourself this question when you are tasked with ordering a few quarts for an Asian or European vehicle that rolls into your shop. While catering to specific carmaker demands can be a challenge, staying current with manufacturer recommendations is a must for today's shops.
There are two reasons why there are so many transmission fluid variations. First, automakers are changing the internal components of the automatic transmission to improve fuel efficiency and shift quality, so the transmission fluid plays an even greater role. Second, the shift to longer maintenance intervals has influenced the levels of certain ingredients in the base stock, contributing to even more transmission fluid formulations.
The Role of Transmission Fluid
Transmission fluid performs several roles inside the transmission. First, it lubricates and cools the transmission's internal components. Second, it acts as a hydraulic fluid to actuate the planetary gears in the torque converter for the fluid coupling. Third, it controls the friction characteristics of the clutches. A very special fluid is required to cover all of these important tasks.
By volume, the base stock is the No. 1 ingredient in automatic transmission fluid, and it's produced from crude or synthetic oil. The base stock is highly refined and processed with solvents so the molecules are uniform and engineered to meet certain viscosity and lubrication specifications. The manufacturer will mix and “tune” the fluid for each specific formulation. Additives are added to the base stock to further change the properties of the automatic transmission fluid.
Friction modifiers are also added to increase the lubricity of the base stock. This allows for smoother engagement of the clutches and bands. Depending on the level of friction modifiers, engineers are able to better control chattering or shuddering during the engagement of the clutches and bands inside the transmission. The friction materials on the clutches and the shear forces specific to the transmission design dictate the level of friction modifiers used.
Other additives are incorporated to help the fluid withstand the extreme pressures inside the transmission and to prevent wear on the inside of the transmission.
Evolving Transmissions
All automatic transmissions experience power loss. When the transmission shifts by locking planetary gears, engaging clutches or closing solenoids, power that would have gone to the wheels is lost. These power losses impact the efficiency of the transmission and the engine.
Every year, the OEMs experiment with new designs to increase the efficiency of their automatic transmissions. Small changes to the clutches, valve body and operating temperatures can add up quickly to stress current fluid specifications. Even a small change in how fast a solenoid opens or the angle of the stator's blades in the torque converter can require a change in the fluid to prevent foaming and cavitation.
In addition, new transmission technologies like CVT and nine-speed configurations may require a proprietary transmission fluid formulation. These unique transmissions may only be in production for a few years, but they will still require service for decades. This is why it's important that you verify in your service information that the transmission fluid you are about to use is the correct one. This is very important, considering that for certain import applications, there might be up to five different automatic transmission fluid specifications.
Interval Increase
Twenty-five years ago, the service interval for transmission fluid was around 30,000 miles. Today, the typical interval is more than 100,000 miles. This interval increase is the result of the reformulation of transmission fluid base stocks and improvements to additive packages.
The main enemy of transmission fluid is oxidation that occurs when the transmission fluid is heated and becomes stressed. Oxidation breaks down the base stock's carbon chains. When a fluid is oxidized, it will have a burnt smell. The additive package of extended-interval automatic transmission fluids has higher levels of additives that prevent oxidation. Buffer additives are mixed in to control the pH of the fluid. Another type of additive known as a surfactant helps the base stock adhere to the surface and encapsulate small particles. But, these additives can be depleted and degrade over time.
When you are replacing or topping off automatic transmission fluid, you need to make sure you are using the correct application. If the bottle says, “For use in VW vehicles,” you need to look at the label and check the manufacturer's website to be sure it is appropriate for the specific transmission, not just the year and make.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
The 3-0 whitewash to India at home was the worst series loss Dinesh Chandimal has ever experienced, Sri Lanka's new test captain has said while apologising to the fans for the team's performance.
REUTERS: The 3-0 whitewash to India at home was the worst series loss Dinesh Chandimal has ever experienced, Sri Lanka's new test captain has said while apologising to the fans for the team's performance.
Sri Lanka failed to challenge the world's top-ranked test side during the three-match series and the gulf in quality between the two sides was clearly visible.
"This was the toughest series in eight years playing international cricket, no doubt," Chandimal told reporters after his side lost the final test in Pallekele on Monday.
"We were not able to take the games to five days.
"The previous two were four-day tests, and this was a three-day test. Since I've been in this team, this is the worst series loss I've experienced."
Angelo Mathews stepped down as captain last month after Sri Lanka's maiden one-day international series loss to Zimbabwe at home calling it the lowest point of his career.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Chandimal was handed the reins of the test team and led the side to a four-wicket victory in the test against the African side.
The 27-year-old, however, missed the opening test against India in Galle with pneumonia but returned to captain the side in the remaining two matches.
While citing injuries to top players as one of the reasons for Sri Lanka's lacklustre performance, Chandimal said the lack of runs from senior batsmen was a factor as well.
"Consistency has been a huge issue this series," Chandimal said. "Some players cannot perform well in every series. As seniors, you have to do well, and then the youngsters will follow.
"Angelo and I couldn't get amidst the runs, and we take a lot of blame for that. But we were trying very hard in the middle ... and we've been training very hard.
"I have the lot of faith the seniors will come back strongly when we take on Pakistan."
Sri Lanka will next play a full series against Pakistan and the skipper asked the fans to keep supporting the side.
"I want to convey our disappointment to all of our fans," Chandimal said. "To all Sri Lankan fans here and away from home, we are very disappointed about our performance.
"The fans have always supported us. They encourage us always. Although we were losing, people were still applauding us. That is what the team needs now. We cannot let the players be mentally down."
(Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai; editing by Greg Stutchbury)
Victoria Clay was catapulted into the spotlight when she appeared on cycle 11 of Britain's Next Top Model in 2017.
And since then the voluptuous vixen, who relocated to London shortly after the show wrapped, has been a regular on the capital's social scene.
The red-headed beauty makes sure to stand out with an array of eye-popping get-ups.
And the 23-year-old's latest look certainly didn't fail to wow.
- England's manager Gareth Southgate has disclosed that his wife is the secret behind the The Lions success story at the ongoing World Cup in Russia
- Southgate and his wife have been married for 20 years and have two teenagers; Mia, 19, and Flyn, 15,
- The two lovebirds is truly a tale of romance entangled with football that endured the test of time
England's Three Lions head coach Gareth Southgate, has revealed that despite calling the shots as Three Lions' boss, his better-half is really the person that is pulling the strings behind the scene.
According to the UK Daily Mail, Three Lions gaffer could not help but embrace his beautiful wife Alison, for keeping him grounded and focused.
Gareth Southgate with family after victory in the 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia Round of 16 match between Colombia and England at Spartak Stadium on July 3, 2018 in Moscow, Russia. Photo: Getty Images
READ ALSO: Arsenal target Steven N'Zonzi tells Sevilla he wants to quit
A fromer sales assitant at Blonde, Allison shares nothing in common with the typical WAG lifestyle and centers her life around her family.
Southgate and his wife have been married for 20 years and have two teenagers; Mia, 19, a student at Edinburgh University and Flyn, 15, an avid cricket enthusiast and student at Yorkshire school.
Southgate revealed that his wife and family were firm pillars in his life and allowed him to maintain his focus on and off the pitch hence his family first managerial approach with his team.
Gareth Southgate, is celebrates after victory in the 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia Round of 16 match between Colombia and England at Spartak Stadium on July 3, 2018. Photo: Getty Images
PAY ATTENTION: Click on link to get World Cup fixtures on NAIJ.com
The story of the two lovebirds is truly a tale of romance entangled with football that endured the test of time in a world where true love is hard to come by.
Southgate met Alison in his early 20s in a boutique she worked in and instantly fell head over heels in love with the beautiful lass who is almost four years his senior.
From then on, shy Southgate kept frequenting her workplace in the hopes of catching a glimpse of her or having a conversation with the woman who had stolen his heart.
England manager, Gareth Southgate looks on during an England training session on July 4, 2018 in Saint Petersburg, Russia. Photo: Getty Images
PAY ATTENTION: Click on link to get World Cup results and standings on NAIJ.com
Gareth could not build up the confidence to ask her out and it took him almost two years to finally dare to do so.
Eventually the two got together and the rest is history with Southgate speaking quite fondly of his family's role in his professional life.
Back in 2017, the Three Lions boss described how he spent his time unwinding with his family prior to embarking on preparations for the World Cup.
Gareth Southgate celebrates at full time during the 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia Round of 16 match between Colombia and England at Spartak Stadium on July 3, 2018. Photo: Getty Images
PAY ATTENTION: Become a member of the leading sports Facebook group 'Naija Football Fan Zone'
"Over the last couple of weeks I have just had a nice time spending time with the family though, and for me that is important because my kids and their development is as important to me as anything else in my life," he told Evening Standard (UK).
Southgate revealed that a balance between making team England a success and his role as a husband and father had to be kept intact.
"You do have to try and find a balance because my focus gets drawn towards making this team successful as we can and driving them to be the best team in the world, but I am also a dad and a husband," he said.
Leo Messi at 31: What Is Really Happening In The Player's Life Right Now | Naij.com TV
[embedded content]
Subscribe to watch new videos
Source: Naija.ng
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
US delegation holds talks with North Korean officials in DMZ
US delegation holds talks with North Korean officials in DMZ
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Republican Gov. Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school.
Republican Gov. Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school.
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
Judge blocked California law on life-ending drugs. Now what?
Judge blocked California law on life-ending drugs. Now what?
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
Weinstein indicted in sex case; lawyer says he'll fight it
Weinstein indicted in sex case; lawyer says he'll fight it
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going to die.".
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going...
Authorities say at least two people injured when a crane collapses in a Florida neighborhood.
Authorities say at least two people injured when a crane collapses in a Florida neighborhood.
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
Philadelphia 76ers GM Bryan Colangelo denying online report connecting the executive to Twitter accounts that include posts critical of Embiid, Fultz.
Philadelphia 76ers GM Bryan Colangelo denying online report connecting the executive to Twitter accounts that include posts critical of Embiid, Fultz.
76ers exec accused of trashing others anonymously on Twitter
76ers exec accused of trashing others anonymously on Twitter
Police in Las Vegas have released another batch of public records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Police in Las Vegas have released another batch of public records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Monday, Oct. 2, 2017 file photo, drapes billow out of broken windows at the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip, following a mass shooting at a music festival in Las Vegas. Police in Las Ve...
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Monday, Oct. 2, 2017 file photo, drapes billow out of broken windows at the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip, following a mass shooting at a music festival in Las Vegas. Police in Las Ve...
The Latest: Video of Vegas mass shooting has few new details
The Latest: Video of Vegas mass shooting has few new details
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The Latest on records released by Las Vegas police regarding the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history (all times local):
4:25 p.m.
Aerial video released by Las Vegas police provides a unique overview but little new information about the deadliest mass shooting in the nation's modern history.
A quick review of footage released Wednesday includes six hours of video from a fixed-wing airplane.
The sequence began more than two hours after the Oct. 1 shooting that killed 58 people and injured hundreds at a concert near the Mandalay Bay resort.
Video also shows the gold-window facade of the hotel where the shooter had fired for about 10 minutes from the 32nd floor.
The footage scans the surrounding neighborhood and features eerie infrared eye-in-the-sky images.
After daylight, some of the newly released video shows investigators wearing yellow jackets beginning to explore debris around the grandstands, VIP area and green field where 22,000 people fled as shots rained down from rapid-fire assault-style weapons.
Police and the FBI say they don't know the shooter's motive, but they determined he acted alone and the attack had no link to international terrorism.
The material marked the fourth batch of records made public under court orders.
____
2:40 p.m.
Las Vegas police released video from traffic surveillance cameras along the Las Vegas Strip showing emergency vehicles arriving as the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history unfolded.
A partial review of files made public Wednesday under court order shows video of police cars streaming down Las Vegas Boulevard and an aircraft view of the Mandalay Bay resort and concert venue where the attack occurred.
The video includes footage from Oct. 1 when shots were being fired into the crowd after 10 p.m. Muzzle flashes of gunfire cannot be seen from the camera view about a block from the concert venue.
As emergency vehicles clog the street, shadows can be seen of people running across a pedestrian bridge and people on the sidewalk clutching each other as they emerge from darkness and pass the camera.
The video is in color but there is no sound.
Courts have ordered police to make public officers' body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports.
The material released Wednesday was the fourth batch of records made public under the court order.
Fifty-eight people died and hundreds were injured when gunfire rained from the high-rise Mandalay Bay into the outdoor concert crowd.
___
1 p.m.
Police in Las Vegas have released another batch of public records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
The release of video on Wednesday came after courts ordered the department to make public police body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports from the Oct. 1 shooting.
It's the fourth batch of records to be released under the court order.
The material has not detailed a possible motive and instead recounts tales of horror and heroism as officers responded to the massacre.
Fifty-eight people died and hundreds were injured when gunfire rained from a high-rise hotel into an outdoor concert crowd on the Las Vegas Strip.
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned comment from the department about the material being released. The FBI has declined to comment.
Both agencies say they don't have a motive for the attack and the investigation is ongoing.
They say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone and the attack had no link to international terrorism.
____
10:20 a.m.
Police in Las Vegas are scheduled to release more records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
The release of the materials has been promised for noon Wednesday.
Courts ordered the release of public records including police body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports from the Oct. 1 shooting that killed 58 people and injured hundreds on the Las Vegas Strip.
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned comment from the department about the material.
The FBI has also declined to comment.
Both say they don't have a motive for the attack, and that the investigation is ongoing.
They say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone in shooting from a high-rise hotel room into an outdoor concert crowd below, and that the attack had no link to international terrorism.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Ahmedabad: Patidar Anamat Andolan Samiti (PAAS) convener Hardik Patel on Monday began his 15-km-long roadshow in Ahmedabad despite the police denying permission to it.
Hundreds of supporters of the quota agitation leader took out the rally on motorcycles and four-wheelers through the main city area, even as police said they will take legal action against Patel for holding the roadshow without permission.
"We had not given permission to Hardik Patel to hold the roadshow in Ahmedabad. We do see that the rally is violation of the condition and we will take legal action," Ahmedabad Police Commissioner A K Singh said.
Police have also denied permission to the Congress and the ruling BJP to hold roadshows in the city on Tuesday, citing traffic congestion and law and order situation as reasons.
Patel started his roadshow from the Bopal area. It will culminate in Nikol. His supporters, especially youths from the Patidar community, gathered at various places on the way to greet and express their support.
Congress president-elect Rahul Gandhi was scheduled to hold the roadshow on Tuesday, but police denied permission to it.
The police also did not allow the BJP to hold a roadshow. Tuesday is the last day of campaigning for the second phase of Gujarat elections scheduled to be held on 14 December.
The first phase of polling was held on 9 December. The results will be declared on 18 December.
Click here for detailed coverage of Gujarat Assembly Election 2017.
‘It saved my life': Procedures could help SWFL patients lose weight
Two minimally invasive procedures are helping save the lives of Southwest Florida residents struggling to lose weight.
Florida is ranked fifth in the nation with the highest percentage of overweight adults, according to WalletHub.
Melissa Evans said she's lost 140 pounds in eight months after undergoing a bariatric surgery through Bayfront Health in Port Charlotte.
“It saved my life,” Evans said.
More than one-third of Americans are obese, according to the Center for Disease Control. The number of patients getting weight loss surgery has increased by 10,000 patients every year since 2011.
Kelly Murphy, the director of bariatric care at Bayfront Health, is responsible for walking patients through the necessary steps it takes to get the surgery.
“I do know we saved her life, and it thrills me,” Murphy said.
Dr. Geoffrey Roelant preforms a laparoscopic procedure.
“Which is the little plastic straws we stick in your belly when you're asleep and fill up your belly full of CO2 and we use a robot to grasp the tissue and move things around,” Roelant said.
One of the procedures involves removing approximately 70 percent of the stomach. Medical professionals advised bleeding, leaking and infections are a risk of the procedure.
Both procedures limit the amount of food a person can eat.
Evans said she's on a path and looking to live a healthy lifestyle in the future.
“I have a life again. I'm not in a wheelchair,” Evans said. “I'm not dependent on my kids pushing me around.”
There are a variety of requirements candidates have to meet for this surgery to see if insurance providers will cover the surgery.
Reporter: Channing Frampton
Writer: Rachel Ravina
BEIJING: China warned on Monday (Aug 14) that nobody would win in a "trade war" with the United States as President Donald Trump prepared to launch an investigation into Chinese intellectual property practices.
Trump was due on Monday to sign a memorandum directing US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to determine whether any Chinese laws, policies or practices discriminate against or harm American innovators and technology companies.
The investigation could lead to sanctions against Beijing.
Asked about the US move, foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said any member of the World Trade Organisation must respect WTO rules.
"Fighting a trade war has no future. There will be no winner and everybody will lose," Hua said at a regular news briefing.
"I believe China and the US should continue to work together for the stable and sound development of China-US economic and trade relations," she said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
US officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity, bluntly accused China on Saturday of "stealing our intellectual property" -- long a concern of Western companies seeking a share of the enormous Chinese market.
The looming investigation follows high tensions between Washington and Beijing. Trump has accused China of failing to rein in the nuclear ambitions of its ally North Korea.
The US officials, however, said the North Korean issue and the investigation into China's trade practices are not linked.
China on Monday announced that it would ban from Tuesday imports of iron, iron ore and seafood from North Korea as it follows through on new UN sanctions approved earlier this month.
"I want to say that China-US cooperation should be based on mutual respect and mutual trust," Hua said. "The Korean peninsula nuclear issue and the China-US trade issue are totally different and it's not appropriate to use one issue as a tool to keep pressure on the other issue."
One person was injured and two units were damaged in a Tulsa apartment fire.
Firefighters responded to the Parkview Terrace Apartments near 61st and Highway 75 Monday afternoon.
When they arrived, firefighters saw heavy smoke on the bottom floor of a two-story apartment. They said smoke was coming out of the front door and broke the second story window.
Firefighters said one woman suffered from smoke inhalation and burns to her arm and head. They said she is expected to be okay.
Victim taken to the hospital after fire at apartment complex near 61st & Hwy 75 @NewsOn6 pic.twitter.com/a19MrZXTbK — Meagan Farley (@MeaganFarley1) December 11, 2017
No one else was hurt.
Firefighters also said two apartments were heavily affected by the fire.
It's unknown at this time how the fire started.
Colton Horton, a West Point Military Academy cadet and Tulsa native who was charged with the rape of a University of Tulsa student, was found not guilty Friday.
Related Story: West Point Cadet, Tulsa Native Charged With Rape Of TU Student
"We respect the jury's decision and their deliberations although we disagree with the results,” said Assistant District Attorney Kenneth Elmore. “We will continue to pursue justice for our victims and fight for their cases."
Reggae star Matisyahu to perform at Paper Mill Island on July 22
Reggae rocker Matisyahu and his band will perform at Paper Mill Island on July 22. (Photo by Nechama Leitner)
GRAMMY-nominated artist Matisyahu will bring his reggae-infused rock to Paper Mill Island in Baldwinsville at 7 p.m. July 22. Tickets range from $25 to $50.
The singer is also promoting his new single “Coming From Afar” featuring Movado, which was released in May and premiered at Billboard.com.
Matisyahu has created his own space in modern music, developing a loyal following that has driven singles such as “One Day” and “King Without a Crown” to international recognition. His newest album, Undercurrent, was released last year via Thirty Tigers and Matisyahu's own imprint, Fallen Sparks. The album embodies a collaborative and freeform spirit as Matisyahu and his band seamlessly merge instrumental improvisation sessions with lyrics and vocals.
The synergistic energy of the album is especially apparent onstage, where Matisyahu and guitarist Aaron Dugan, bassist Stu Brooks, drummer Joe Tomino and keyboardist Big Yuki bring their creative dynamic to life. Undercurrent has showcased Matisyahu's improvisational aptitude and live music chutzpah, that has the jam band and festival worlds taking note with his recently announced LOCKN' Festival set.
The boundary-breaking artist has been busy on tour, dropping a three-part video series on the making of Undercurrent and taking time to speak to Billboard and the Huffington Post about it. He took time at his show in Austin 2017 to record LIVE AT STUBB'S VOL. IV, capturing the freeform essence of his set at the historic venue, where he is set to reappear near the top of the tour.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Related
Comment on this Story
- A magazine in France has apologized to Iniesta for not winning the Ballon d'Or
- The Barcelona midfielder won prestigious trophies for both club and country
- The 33-year-old is set to leave the Catalan club for a career in China
Andres Iniesta has been given an unprecedented apology from France Football magazine having never been awarded the prestigious Ballon d'Or.
Barcelona playmaker has never won the most-priced individual award despite a legendary career with the Catalan club and the Spanish national team where he won four Champions League titles, Euro 2008 and 2012, and the 2010 World Cup.
The 33-year-old is set to leave his boyhood club this summer in grand style after 22 years at the Nou Camp, which has led to the game paying tribute to his legacy in Catalonia.
READ ALSO: Salah reveals his Liverpool teammates sing with his name before a match
"Perdon Andres" (forgive us Andres) read a piece in the French football magazine, penned by editor Pascal Ferre, in which he describes the omission as a "democratic anomaly."
"What follows are not quite an editorial. it was all agreed on (by France Football) a while ago to avoid any misunderstanding.
"For us, (Iniesta) wasn't just a player, he was the player.
"His generosity, team play and altruism has certainly deprived him of an even more majestic recognition (the Ballon d'Or).
"He has proven that the brain is definitely the most important thing when it comes to being a champion.
"Iniesta is one of the great absences when it comes to Ballon D'or winners. This is painful to us.
"We can only hope that a divine performance at the World Cup helps us to repair this democratic anomaly."
Iniesta rounded off the goalkeeper in Barça's 5-0 trouncing of Sevilla in the Copa del Rey final played at the Wanda Metropolitano at the weekend.
PAY ATTENTION: Become a member of the leading sports Facebook group 'Naija Football Fan Zone'
Enersto Valverde's side are currently the only unbeaten side in La Liga playing 33 matches, winning 25, and drawing just eight games.
The Blaugrana were knocked out of the Champions League quarter finals by Roma after playing a 4-4 aggregate but the Romans qualified on the away goal rule.
Who is the better coach, Mourinho or Conte? On NAIJ.com TV
[embedded content]
Source: Naija.ng
Space may be the final frontier, but it's an expensive one to explore. There are ample problems with which to contend here on Earth, and that leads some people to wonder if space exploration is worth the hassle. At ExtremeTech, we believe the answer is unequivocally “yes.” Here are five reasons why space exploration is vital to humanity.
New Technologies and Research
Humans did not evolve to go into space, but we go there anyway. That has led to the development of various technologies that feed back into the economy and improve our lives on Earth. Without space programs, we wouldn't have GPS, accurate weather prediction, solar cells, or the ultraviolet filters in sunglasses and cameras. There's also medical research happening in space right now that could cure diseases and prolong human lives, and these experiments can't be done on Earth. Space exploration could save your life.
Asteroids and Comets Don't Care About Us
Speaking of saving lives, space exploration could save all our lives. Our solar system has calmed down a lot since the early eons, but there are still uncountable big asteroids and comets out there that could smack into the planet and really ruin your day. It's happened several times in the past, each one causing a mass extinction. It's not a matter of if another large asteroid hits Earth, but when. A robust space program is the only hope we have of deflecting such an object.
Colonization Is the Ultimate Backup
There are currently more than 7 billion humans, which is a lot. However, we're all crammed together on this one planet. If something happened to Earth, our species could be wiped out. For example, the aforementioned asteroid impact. Colonizing other bodies in the solar system is a way to create a “backup” of humanity that will survive no matter what happens to Earth. Maybe future humans will be Martians who will never set foot on Earth.
Space Mining Could Save the World
As we develop new technologies on Earth, the strain on our natural resources continues to increase. The extraction of valuable minerals has led to a host of problems, including environmental damage and human exploitation, but there's a wealth of precious materials in space. Startups like Planetary Resources want to mine asteroids instead of Earth, which would mean an effectively unlimited supply of raw materials that are rare on Earth.
We Are Explorers
There are more practical reasons for space exploration, but one of the principle reasons we must continue is that we're explorers. That's why humans number in the billions — from our earliest upright steps, we've endeavored to learn more about the world around us, and this allowed us to build civilization. Exploring space is an opportunity not only to discover new worlds and build advanced technologies, but to work together toward a larger goal irrespective of nationality, race, or gender. If we stop exploring, we stop being human.
Officials of the Department of Marine and Coastal Resources (DMCR) and related state agencies are preparing to explore the hunting areas of bull sharks from Hua Hin to Cha-am and Pranburi beaches so as to ensure full safety for swimmers.
The expansion of bull sharks-tracking operation from Prachuap Khiri Khan's Hua Hin district to Pranburi district and Phetchaburi's Cha-am district came after officials found at least six bull sharks in the sea off Hat Sai Noi beach in Hua Hin over the past few days.
Full story: thaipbs.or.th
By Thai PBS
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
WILKES-BARRE — City police are investigating two shootings that occurred Friday night. Additionally, police announced Saturday they are looking into another shooting after a man showed up Wednesday at Wilkes-Barre General Hospital with a gunshot wound to the chest.
Investigators say a man was wounded in a reported drive-by shooting that occurred around 7 p.m. Friday at Parrish and Brown streets near Sharp Cuts barbershop.
A man, wounded in the upper leg, was transported to a local hospital. An update on his identity and condition were not available Saturday. No arrests have been made.
Around 9:45 p.m. Friday, gunshots again erupted in the city.
Police were called to 69 Wilkes Lane in the city's Heights section for a 23-year-old male who was shot in the left shoulder.
Witnesses told police they saw a dark-colored sport utility vehicle fleeing the scene.
Police did not say if the incidents were connected. Those with information were encouraged to call police at 570-208-4200.
Investigators on Saturday also said they are looking into a another shooting.
Police said a 34-year-old man showed up at Wilkes-Barre General Hospital with a gunshot would to the chest around 6:45 p.m. Wednesday.
The victim was “uncooperative with officers,” police said. The man wouldn't say where the shooting occurred or who shot him, police said.
Contact the writer:
bkalinowski@citizensvoice.com
570-821-2055, @cvbobkal
Liverpool: Liverpool are banking on Mohamed Salah and the passion of the Anfield crowd to propel them towards the Champions League final on Tuesday but Roma stand in their way in a mouth-watering repeat of the 1984 title decider.
Spearheaded by Salah and inspired from the touchline by exuberant manager Jurgen Klopp, Liverpool will look to repeat the blitzkrieg attack that blew Premier League champions Manchester City away in the previous round.
But the five-times champions will be wary of the team that staged a remarkable comeback against European aristocrats Barcelona in the last eight, overcoming a 4-1 first-leg deficit to progress to their first European Cup semi-final in 34 years.
Klopp is credited by both City manager Pep Guardiola and Roma's American co-owner James Pallotta for transforming 25-year-old Salah, who joined the club from Roma last year, from a rather nervy finisher into a deadly striker who has scored more than 40 times for Liverpool this season.
"I think the coach there has clearly figured out how best to utilise him, using him in a different position I would say to Roma because you've got (Edin) Dzeko in the middle," Pallotta told the BBC.
Roma's record of losing their past three Champions League games on the road — conceding eight goals in the process — does not bode well ahead of a visit to the home of Liverpool, who have tightened up at the back since the arrival in January of Dutch defender Virgil van Dijk.
Bruce Grobbelaar, the hero for Liverpool in the 1984 penalty shootout against Roma — unnerving Italy 1982 World Cup-winning duo Bruno Conti and Francesco Graziani with his wobbly knees routine — believes his former side will prevail.
"Liverpool will win the semi-final and final too. Football was invented by the English, don't forget," Grobbelaar said. "Roma must have been mad to sell Mo Salah. Either that or they really needed the money."
Despite their rich heritage in the competition, Liverpool — who last won the Champions League in 2005 — have not been in the last four of the competition for a decade.
But captain Jordan Henderson believes this season's run to the semis could be the start of a new golden era under Klopp.
"Hopefully this is the start of something special with this squad," said the England international. "The manager has been brilliant since he has come to the club. We've improved every season and done brilliantly this season to get this stage."
Roma warning
Roma coach Eusebio di Francesco warned that the pace of Liverpool's prolific front three of Salah, Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino — who have combined for 83 goals this season — offers a very different threat from Barça's Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez.
"We are facing a different rival from Barcelona and we need to be ready for that different challenge," said Di Francesco.
"We have to play our football, impose our style and make the most of Liverpool's weaknesses.
Di Francesco is often compared to Klopp for his coaching style but he says his managerial style is a mixture of Carlo Ancelotti and Antonio Conte.
For the Roma players, there was only one man responsible for their miracle against Barcelona and he was on the touchline.
"The difference for me was Di Francesco, he changed a lot of things and he got it spot on," said captain Daniele De Rossi.
Klopp acknowledges the power of the Anfield crowd but wants to avoid the ugly scenes outside the ground against Manchester City, when the away team's bus was attacked.
"In the stadium do it again and better. Outside the stadium, please show the respect we have to show," Klopp said.
"This is such an outstanding football club, an outstanding football family, known for fantastic atmospheres all over the world, so we don't need to throw whatever at the bus of the opposing team."
A 90th minute goal from Ollie Rowe extended Hastings United Football Club's unbeaten run to four matches this afternoon (Saturday).
Rowe's late strike earned Hastings a 1-1 draw away to VCD Athletic in a Bostik League Division One South match which, rather like the draw at South Park on Tuesday, they dominated for long periods but were again unable to finish many of the chances they created.
Sinnkaye Christie made his first start and Antonio Walker his second for a Hastings side without the unavailable Dayshonne Golding and an unwell Adam Lovatt. Ansu Janneh returned to the starting XI, while Tom Climpson dropped to a very youthful substitutes' bench.
On a cold and damp afternoon in south east London, Hastings carved out a number of opportunities during a first half which somehow ended goalless when the visitors ought to have been clearly ahead.
Calum Davies couldn't find the net from Davide Rodari's cross when inside the six yard box and then missed when one-on-one with VCD goalkeeper Joe Mant.
Davies struck the crossbar when clean through and Rodari was denied by a splendid save before Hastings almost fell behind on the stroke of half time.
Hastings goalkeeper Charlie Horlock and midfielder Jack Dixon hobbled off as the players left the field at the break, and although they both came out for the second period, Dixon - who was having quite a decent game - was replaced by George Taggart just five minutes in.
Hastings continued to press during the second period and spurned further opportunities, although Mant pulled off a number of good saves in addition to several defensive blocks.
Rodari was again foiled by Mant, while Davies again went clean through and this time beat the goalkeeper with his shot only for a covering defender to clear.
VCD enjoyed their best spell of the match in the closing quarter-of-an-hour. Horlock produced a superb save and VCD went close on several other occasions in quick succession before taking an 85th minute lead through Aymun El-Moyhalbel.
Hastings kept on battling, though, and although Davies failed to convert a further opportunity having done well to fashion it in the first place, defender Rowe came up with a fine finish to ensure honours ended even.
Hastings dropped a place to 10th in the table, but are only a point behind Whyteleafe in eighth and the club is very encouraged by the way the team is playing and developing.
Hastings: Horlock, Rowe, Beale, Adams, Christie, Cruttwell, Rodari, Dixon (Taggart 51), Davies, Janneh, Walker (Kieran 70). Subs not used: Climpson, Pritchard, Greig. Attendance: 81.
Bostik League Division One South top half (played-points): 1 Lewes 32-68, 2 Cray Wanderers 33-66, 3 Carshalton Athletic 32-65, 4 Greenwich Borough 32-64, 5 Walton Casuals 33-63, 6 Corinthian-Casuals 33-63, 7 Phoenix Sports 33-51, 8 Whyteleafe 33-50, 9 Hythe Town 32-50, 10 HASTINGS UNITED 33-49, 11 Horsham 33-45, 12 Thamesmead Town 31-44.
Benefit from an ongoing discount on your Observer by joining our voucher membership scheme. Once you've subscribed, we'll send you dated vouchers which can be exchanged for your paper at any news outlet. To save money on your Observer, simply click here (www.localsubsplus.co.uk)
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Indian health authorities on Monday delivered oxygen to a public hospital where 63 people have died of encephalitis in recent days, nearly half of them children, as it ran out of medical supplies because of unpaid bills, triggering public outrage.
GORAKHPUR, India: Indian health authorities on Monday delivered oxygen to a public hospital where 63 people have died of encephalitis in recent days, nearly half of them children, as it ran out of medical supplies because of unpaid bills, triggering public outrage.
The deaths of the children have again exposed India's underfunded and poorly managed public healthcare despite Prime Minister Narendra Modi government's vows to revamp the system.
Hundreds of people die each year in India of encephalitis, a mosquito-borne disease common during the monsoon season, and no medical official directly linked the recent deaths to a lack of oxygen.
But complaints that the hospital in the eastern city of Gorakhpur did not have enough supplies has stoked anger against the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party which governs Uttar Pradesh state.
"We now have adequate supplies of oxygen cylinders, there was a shortage last week... but I am not in a position to say whether they were the cause behind the deaths," R.K. Sahai, a senior medical officer in the hospital, said.
Television images of parents emerging from the hospital carrying the bodies of infants and alleging they died because there they didn't get oxygen have led to a firestorm of criticism of chief minister Yogi Adityanath, a saffron-robed Hindu hardliner who took office earlier this year.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Bipin Singh said his six-year-old daughter died on Thursday because of lack of oxygen and he had seen six other children die for the same reason.
"My daughter and other children were unable to breathe. We kept telling the nurses that they should call the doctors. The doctors said they have ordered for oxygen cylinders but we never saw them being used."
Bahadur Nishad, who lost a four-year-old son suffering from encephalitis, said he was ready to pay for the oxygen cylinders himself.
“They told me there was a shortage of cylinders," he said and turned his wrath on chief minister Yogi Adityanath whose electoral constituency is Gorakhpur.
Other parents spoke of desperately trying to arrange basic materials such as cotton gauze, glucose injections and blood supplies as their children struggled for life in the wards.
Patients continued to stream into the hospital over the weekend. Some 450 patients suffering from encephalitis were admitted on Saturday alone, of whom 200 were children under 12, hospital records showed.
Many were being treated on the floor and near toilets due to the shortage of beds.
Government expenditure on public health is about one percent of GDP, among the world's lowest. In recent years, Modi's government has increased health spending and vowed to make healthcare more affordable.
The Uttar Pradesh government fired the head of the hospital as well as the doctor who headed the paediatrics department to head off criticism from the opposition.
But Rajeev Misra, the sacked chief of the hospital, told reporters he had repeatedly written to the state administration to release funds to pay suppliers.
Sahai, the medical officer at the hospital, said authorities were investigating the reasons for the shortage of oxygen cylinders.
(Writing by Sanjeev Miglani; Editing by Nick Macfie)
SEATTLE (AP) Protesters decrying hatred and racism converged around the country, saying they felt compelled to counteract the white supremacist rally that spiraled into deadly violence in Virginia.
An anti racism vigil is expected to be held Monday evening in Collier County. It will take place at 7:30 p.m. at the Unitarian Universalist Congregation of Greater Naples at 6340 Napa Way in Naples.
The gatherings Sunday spanned from anti-fascist protests in San Francisco to a march to President Donald Trump's home in New York.
Some focused on showing support for the people whom white supremacists condemn. Other demonstrations were pushing for the removal of Confederate monuments, the issue that initially prompted white nationalists to gather in anger this weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia. Still other gatherings aimed to denounce fascism and a presidential administration that organizers feel has empowered white supremacists.
“People need to wake up, recognize that and resist it as fearlessly as it needs to be done,” said Carl Dix, a leader of the Refuse Fascism group organizing demonstrations in New York, San Francisco and other cities. “This can't be allowed to fester and to grow because we've seen what happened in the past when that was allowed.”
“It has to be confronted,” said Dix, a New Yorker who spoke by phone from Charlottesville on Sunday afternoon. He had gone there to witness and deplore the white nationalist rally on Saturday that spiraled into bloodshed.
In Seattle, a rally previously planned for Sunday by the conservative pro-Trump group known as Patriot Prayer drew hundreds of counterprotesters. Police arrested three men and confiscated weapons as Trump supporters and counter-protesters converged downtown.
A barricade separated the two groups as police officers stood by dressed in riot gear. Police said they used pepper spray and blast balls to disperse crowds after fireworks were thrown at officers. In a statement, police said they observed some people in the counterprotest carrying axe handles and two-by fours as they infiltrated the hundreds of peaceful demonstrators.
In Denver, several hundred demonstrators gathered beneath a statue of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. in City Park and marched about 2 miles (3.22 kilometers) to the state Capitol. In Fort Collins, Colorado, marchers chanted “Everyone is welcome here. No hate, no fear.” One demonstrator's sign said, “Make racists ashamed again.”
In New York, protesters marched from several locations in Manhattan to Trump Tower, demanding the president denounce white nationalist groups involved in the violent confrontations in Charlottesville. One sign read: “Call out evil.”
Helen Rubenstein, 62, was among hundreds of people who marched through downtown Los Angeles. She said her parents were Holocaust survivors, and she's worried that extremist views were becoming normal under Trump's presidency.
“I blame Donald Trump 100 percent because he emboldened all these people to incite hate, and they are now promoting violence and killing,” Rubenstein said.
Charlottesville descended into violence Saturday after neo-Nazis, skinheads, Ku Klux Klan members and other white nationalists gathered to “take America back” and oppose plans to remove a Confederate statue in the Virginia college town, and hundreds of other people came to protest the rally. The groups clashed in street brawls, with hundreds of people throwing punches, hurling water bottles and beating each other with sticks and shields.
Eventually, a car rammed into a peaceful crowd of anti-white-nationalist protesters, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer. A Virginia State Police helicopter deployed in a large-scale response to the violence then crashed into the woods outside of town. Both troopers on board died.
A crowd gathered on the street where the crash happened for a vigil Sunday evening. They sang “Amazing Grace” and prayed around piles of flowers that mark the spot where Heyer was killed.
Prominent white nationalist Richard Spencer, who attended the rally, denied all responsibility for the violence. He blamed the counter-protesters and police.
Trump condemned what he called an “egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides,” a statement that Democrats and some of the president's fellow Republicans saw as equivocating about who was to blame. The White House later added that the condemnation “includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.”
Some of the white nationalists at Saturday's rally cited Trump's victory, after a campaign of racially charged rhetoric, as validation for their beliefs. Some of the people protesting Sunday also point to the president and his campaign, saying they gave license to racist hatred that built into what happened in Charlottesville.
“For those who questioned whether ‘oh, don't call it fascism' … this should resolve those issues,” Reiko Redmonde, an organizer of a Refuse Fascism protest planned in San Francisco, said by phone. “People need to get out in the streets to protest, in a determined way.”
Church ends evil creature's two-year reign of terror
An evil creature's two-year reign of sexual terror over a Ramotswa family came to an end on Sunday morning following a dramatic exorcism ceremony.
The Kgetheng family have been subjected to two years of hell, with the horny thokolosi allegedly forcing himself upon family-members as young as three.
Their nightmare is finally over – the predatory spirit banished by a small congregation from Hefesia Christian Church (HCC).
Determined not to let the thokolosi escape, dressed in their finest regalia, the determined gathering conducted a gruelling, intense exorcism ritual, which began the previous evening with the heating of metal rods.
More than 12 hours later, after much singing, dancing and praying, as well as the removal of ‘muti' buried in the yard, the family's tormentor was finally revealed.
Discovered ‘hiding' under a bed, the strange, foul-smelling creature was covered in animal fur, with the face and left leg of a doll. To complete its sinister look, a glittering cross adorned its side.
During its haunting of the house, the sex-hungry thokolosi is said to have chased away all the family's males, ensuring that only female members remain.
The spirit is believed to have targeted the family's three daughters, who were regularly spotted thrusting their hips alone during church services.
Talking to The Voice after the exorcism, relief etched all over her wrinkled face, 49-year-old Margaret Kgetheng revealed that the creature had caused much conflict within the family.
“We fought, other relatives even moved away from home. We recently deserted the yard because we experienced sleepless nights as the thokolosi moved on top of the corrugated iron roof in the evening,” she explained, smiling happily at the realisation that the spirit was gone.
When questioned about the magical creature, HCC's Archibishop, Kebonye Motsamai explained that thokolosis are created by witches.
“It can be in the form of anything – during evening it turns into a living creature,” he said, adding that they can spark mysterious fires and bring bad luck to people.
The Voice arrived on the scene at first light, Sunday morning, to find scorching, red-hot metal rods pinned into the ground by the yard's entrance.
The exorcists, including both males and females, were dressed in long red, blue and white church robes with large crosses embroided on the back.
They clapped hands while singing ‘Ke motlholo tlholo', which loosely translates as ‘there is a bad omen'.
Once the metal rods cooled, after about an hour, they were quickly removed and the church gathering entered the yard singing.
A number of the congregants began running around the yard, digging small holes where they found and removed ‘muti' in the form of dried, black and green herbs and animal horns.
The process seemed to work as soon after the thokolosi was discovered, wrapped in a white sack and hidden under a bed.
The mattress, which was removed and torn apart, was subsequently found to contain more dried ‘muti'.
For the Kgetheng family, the thokolosi's removal means that, for the first time in two years, they can look forward to a peaceful night's sleep.
Woodlands dumped holders New Farnley out of the Solly Sports Heavy Woollen Cup with a 78-run win in last Sunday's quarter-final.
New Farnley were without four regular first team players but were in the ascendancy early on as Dave Cummings picked up 4-46 and Woodlands were reduced to 123-7.
Tim Jackson made 29 at the top of the innings, while Alex Atkinson hit a top score of 39 in the middle order but it took a 40-run partnership between Scott (22) and Elliot Richardson (30) to get them back on track as they closed on 201-9.
Woodlands made the perfect start to the Farnley reply when in-form opener Simon Lambert was caught by Mark Lawson off the bowling of Elliot Richardson from only the second ball.
Lee Goddard made 25 but Farnley lost a cluster of wickets and slipped to 49-5 as the left arm bowling of Chris Brice sent the home side into a spin.
Brice's allotted 10 overs cost just four runs, while he picked up the wickets of Goddard and Reece Thompson.
The experienced Craig Russell top scored with an unbeaten 45 but Liam Collins swept up the late order with 3-24 as Farnley were bowled out for 123.
Lawson lifted the cup as Farnley's captain last season but he helped knock his former club out by also claiming two wickets as Woodlands booked their place in the semi-finals.
Townville inflicted a first defeat of the season on Bradford Premier League leaders Hanging Heaton when they recorded a four-wicket win at Bennett Lane.
It was the first time Townville had beaten Hanging Heaton in a competitive match in over 25 years and their win sparked jubilant scenes among their players and spectators.
Indeed, Townville captain and former Hanging Heaton plavyer Nick Bresnan described it as the best moment of his cricketing career.
Joe Fraser (41), Ismail Dawood (37) and James Keen (33) were Hanging Heaton's main contributors but they were bowled out for 197, although that total was boosted by 10 penalties runs due to a slow over rate by the visitors.
Townville openers Kris Ward and Jonny Booth fell early in the reply but Jack Hughes came to the crease at 11-2 and produced a superb match winning innings.
Hughes survived a loud lbw appeal from Dan Busfield but went on to make a sparkling century.
Hughes struck hit 16 fours in an 88-ball innings but with wickets falling around him, there was still plenty of work to do when Richie Bresnan came to the crease with the score on 113-5.
Richie Bresnan struck an unbeaten 42 off 64 balls as he supported Hughes in an 88-run sixth wicket stand.
By the time Hughes was caught by Gary Fellows off the bowling of Muhammad Rammez for 101, Townville were on the brink of victory and they won with 6.2 overs to spare.
The Drakes Huddersfield League will have at least one representative in the semi-finals after Kirkburton defeated Wrenthorpe by 73 runs.
Kirkburton posted 183-9 from their 50 overs and then dismissed Wrenthorpe for 110 in 36 overs to secure their progress.
The last quarter-final between South Yorkshire outfit Whitley Hall and the Huddersfield League Premiership leaders will be played on Sunday June 25. The semi-final draw was due to take place last night (Wednesday) with ties scheduled for Sunday, July 9.
The City of Vancouver and Squamish Nation aren't giving up their legal fight against the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion.
The city and the Nation have filed notice of appeal to the B.C. Court of Appeal, after losing a pair of separate court challenges.
In May, A B.C. Supreme Court judge dismissed petitions aimed at quashing an provincial environmental assessment certificate issued by the previous BC Liberal government for the project.
WATCH: BC Supreme Court dismisses 2 legal pipeline challenge
Squamish First Nation spokesperson Khelsilem said that fight isn't over.
“The Squamish Nation has always maintained our position that when it comes to our rights, that we have to defend them on behalf of our members,” he said.
READ MORE: Carr says he expected in April Canada was going to have to buy Trans Mountain pipeline
“When it comes to the provincial process, we feel it's important to challenge the province and their approval. The way we feel is that they didn't properly engage with our nation.”
The federal government announced in May that it will buy the Trans Mountain pipeline to ensure the project gets built. Ottawa says it plans to re-sell the project at a later date.
WATCH: Pipeline protesters still dangling from Ironworkers Memorial Bridge
Khelsilem said that even with the pipeline in public hands, opposition on the coast and through the courts will continue.
“The government is trying their best to push this pipeline, but I think there is a degree of uncertainty about how it's going to go forward,” he said.
“There is still a federal court case that is pending with many First Nations involved that could also overrule the approval of the pipeline.”
READ MORE: Study predicts Trans Mountain pipeline purchase will add to federal deficit
That federal case, in the Federal Court of Appeal, is a consolidation of multiple challenges from First Nations, environmentalists and the cities of Vancouver and Burnaby to the National Energy Board (NEB) and cabinet approval of the project.
The B.C. government has also filed a reference question to the B.C. Court of Appeal to determine whether the province can regulate the flow of bitumen through the pipeline.
READ MORE: Pipeline protesters still dangling from Ironworkers Memorial Bridge
On Tuesday, seven anti-pipeline protesters dangled themselves from Vancouver's Second Narrows Bridge, where they remained at mid-day on Wednesday.
Project opponents are staging a rally in support of the dangling activists Wednesday afternoon.
Alexndria, Usa
At least one member of the US Congress has been shot in a mass shooting in Alexandria, Virginia, that involved a group of Republican lawmakers, police say. House of Representatives majority whip Steve Scalise and his aide were shot by a gunman during a baseball game with several other Republican politicians in Alexandria. Scalise was hit in the hip or leg with a semi-automatic rifle while his aide was hit in the chest, according to early reports. About 50 shots were fired, congressional sources said. Images and footage from the scene show bullet holes in windows of buildings around the scene of the shooting. Alexandria police said in a tweet that the suspect was “believed” to be in custody. It also advised people to stay clear from the area.—Agencies
Brinkmann Constructors' annual employee charity initiative, BECAUSE (Brinkmann Employees Care About United Service Efforts), has raised $28,000 for Got Your Six Support Dogs, an organization that provides specially trained support dogs to veterans and first responders at no cost to them.
BECAUSE committee members presented a check this week to Executive Director Nicole Lanahan and Board Secretary Kelly Felax, both of Got Your Six Support Dogs, at one of Brinkmann's job sites. The donation will be used to cover the cost of training and care of additional service dogs.
“Got Your Six is extremely grateful to the employees of Brinkmann Constructors for making us the focus of their BECAUSE initiative,” Lanahan said. “These funds will go a long way to ensuring we can provide services to the veterans and first responders nationwide who suffer from PTSD (post-traumatic stress disorder). We are honored that Brinkmann has joined us in our efforts to help those who have sacrificed lead a better and more fulfilling life.”
“Got Your Six is an amazing organization that does so much to help our veterans and first responders with post-traumatic stress by providing service dogs specially trained just for them,” said Matt Funk, BECAUSE team member and director of preconstruction at Brinkmann Constructors. “We are proud of what our employees have done to benefit Got Your Six and in honoring our heroes.”
For more information or to donate, visit GotYourSixSupportDogs.org.
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
Firefighters on scene at 693 Park Street after a fire in a restaurant kitchen damaged several storefronts.
Firefighters responded to a 2-alarm fire at a restaurant kitchen in Hartford storefront Wednesday morning.
Fire officials said they were notified by a pedestrian of a fire at 693 Park Street around 4:48 a.m. That pedestrian saw smoke and walked down to the fire department, which was just two buildings away, so crews were able to respond quickly.
When firefighters arrived they found heavy smoke coming from the building.
Capt. Raul Ortiz of the Hartford Fire Department said the fire started in the kitchen at Mar Y Tierra restaurant and spread to two other connected storefronts.
As of 5:20 a.m. crews reported the fire was under control, Ortiz confirmed.
No injuries were reported. The fire was contained to the Mar Y Tierra Kitchen, but two other stores sustained smoke damage.
Fire officials are investigating the cause.
Construction halted on a Vancouver Island property near where other First Nations remains had been found
A home demolition ran into an unexpected hurdle when human remains believed to be an ancient First Nations burial site were found on the property. (photo/Tim Collins)
The demolition of a home in Greater Victoria has uncovered what are believed to be the remains of an ancestral burial, in an area known to have long been occupied by First Nations people in the past.
The home had been torn down to make way for new construction and in the process of clearing the site, the remains were discovered. Police were contacted, as were the B.C. Coroners Service, but it was soon discovered that the find was not a modern burial site and the situation was turned over to the Provincial Ministry of Forests, Lands, Natural Resource Operations and Rural Development, who are responsible for the archaeological services provided by the government.
When remains are found, that government agency investigates the site, catalogues the find and works with the First Nations communities to ensure that the remains are dealt with in a respectful manner.
According to ministry spokesperson Jermy Uppenborn, it is a common occurrence. The ministry said that there are currently 54,000 burial places registered under the Heritage Protection Act and about 1,450 new sites are added annually.
It's no surprise then that the discovery of First Nations burial sites is nothing new for the Cadboro Bay neighbourhood.
In late 2016 Carl Foght began a major renovation on his home, situated within a hundred meters of the Killarney Road property.
“It was March when we came across human remains on the site. I'd been warned that it might happen, but I didn't really think it would be the case. It was a sort of ‘told you so' moment,” said Foght.
“When we discovered the remains, we had Stantec (engineering consultants) on site and they made sure we did everything to be respectful to the First Nations and making sure we did everything right.”
Doing “everything right” was not an easy or inexpensive proposition for Foght.
“The whole process set us back about two months. They actually sifted the soil to make certain that nothing was missed and found not only the remains but harpoons, combs, and all manner of decorative artifacts with the remains,” he said.
“It added some cost for us, for sure. We had an archaeologist on site for the whole process at $100 an hour and for the re-internment ceremony we were charged an additional $600. But it's a cost that you have to be prepared to absorb any time you do a renovation in this area.”
In the end, the remains of 13 people were found on the site, and at the request of the First Nations representatives the remains were re-interred in a different location at the far end of the same property.
“They had a ceremony to re-inter the bones and we agreed to have it done on our property out of respect for the First Nations community,” explained Foght. “We wanted to do it all the right way.”
Foght added that at no time in the entire process did he get the sense that the First Nations representatives were inclined to be anything but co-operative.
According to information provided by the Lkwungen Tung'exw First Nation, eight distinct family groups lived, fished, hunted and harvested the region's coastal lands for as many as 8,000 years. A series of temporary settlements joined larger permanent villages at McNeil Bay and Willows Beach and formed a significant presence in the area prior to the coming of European settlers.
While the provincial government has developed a map of the area in which likely archaeological sites may exist, the fact is that residents don't really know what may lie under their property until they put a spade in the ground.
“There's a fellow across the street who is planning to put in a new driveway, and I've already warned him of what might be there and how it might become more complicated for him,” said Foght.
“As a homeowner you knew there is a possibility so you prepare yourself, but of course you're not looking for it to happen.”
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
- Real Madrid have denied reports of them making bid for Kylian Mbappe
- The 19-year-old star is currently in Russia for the 2018 World Cup
- He scored twice against Argentina in the round of 16 encounters
Spanish club Real Madrid have denied the reports that the club has agreed a stunning deal with French side Paris-Saint-Germain for the signing of France international Kylian Mbappe.
According to a tweet by Transfer News Live, Los Blancos chiefs have agreed a sensational €272,000,000 deal for the 19-year-old forward.
But an official confirmation has not been made by Paris-Saint-Germain on this latest transfer development about Kylian Mbappe.
Real Madrid on the other hand have however denied the report of them making a bid for Kylian Mbappe who helped his country reached the last 8 at Russia 2018 World Cup.
"Given the information published in the last hours referring to an alleged agreement between Real Madrid CF and PSG by player Kylian Mbappe, Real Madrid say they are flatly false.
"Real Madrid have not made any offers to PSG or the player and regrets the dissemination of this type of information that is not contrasted with the parties." Real Madrid explained in a statement according to UK Mirror.
PAY ATTENTION: Become a member of the leading sports Facebook group 'Naija Football Fan Zone'
Meanwhile, Kylian Mbappe is currently playing for Paris-Saint-Germain on loan from rivals Monaco.
Earlier, NAIJ.com had reported how Paris Saint-Germain announced the signing of Kylian Mbappé on a season long loan from AS Monaco.
The Parisiens have the option to sign him on a permanent basis next summer with reports claiming he could join for £166m.
Leo Messi at 31: What Is Really Happening In The Payer's Life Right Now | Naij.com TV
[embedded content]
Subscribe to watch new videos
Source: Naija.ng
(Adds release of association staff, EU reaction, business association statement)
By Ali Kucukgocmen and Tuvan Gumrukcu
ISTANBUL/ANKARA, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Turkish authorities on Friday ordered the detention of 13 people for supporting the national medical association online, the Hurriyet newspaper reported, after the organisation publicly opposed a military campaign in Syria.
A prosecutor this week ordered the detention of 11 senior members of the Turkish Medical Association (TTB), including its chairman, after the organisation criticised the incursion into Syria's Afrin, saying “No to war, peace immediately”. President Tayyip Erdoğan accused the body of treason.
Three of the medical association members were later released on probation after appearing at an Ankara court on Friday, Hurriyet reported.
More than 300 people have been detained over social media posts that “criticised, opposed or misrepresented” the Afrin campaign, which started nearly two weeks ago, the government has said.
Among the 13 people targeted by the latest detention warrants was the gay rights activist Ali Erol, who had tweeted “War is a public health problem. #WeStandWithTTB”, his organisation said. Another person was detained after tweeting “War is death, destruction, blood and tears. #NoToWar”, other local media reported.
Authorities also raided the residence of a lawyer who had publicly read the statement from the medical association, a lawmaker from the main opposition said.
“They don't want to let anyone breathe,” Baris Yarkadas, of the Republican People's Party (CHP), said on Twitter.
‘RULE OF LAW'
The crackdown on some of Turkey's top doctors has drawn international criticism from the European union, rights group Amnesty International and the World Medical Association, which has called for their protection and an immediate end to the legal proceedings.
The doctors' detentions were “worrying developments undermining the rule of law and independence and impartiality of the judiciary in Turkey”, EU Commissioner Johannes Hahn and EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said in a statement.
The main business lobby warned that a crackdown on self-expression increased polarisation and weakened the fight against terrorism.
“While battling terror, a Turkey that defends its freedoms and protects its variety of views will come out of this fight successfully,” TUSIAD said.
Erdoğan's critics see the latest arrests as emblematic of the purge that has followed a failed 2016 coup. More than 50,000 people have been arrested and 150,000 sacked or suspended from their jobs, moves the government says are necessary given the multiple security threats Turkey faces.
Right groups and some of Turkey's Western allies fear Erdoğan is using the crackdown to stifle dissent and crush his opponents. Freedom House, a Washington-based watchdog, downgraded Turkey to “not free” from “partly free” in an annual report last month.
Turkey launched its Afrin operation, dubbed “Operation Olive Branch”, nearly two weeks ago to target Kurdish YPG fighters near its southern border. Turkey sees the militia as a terrorist group and an extension of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK).
Separately, authorities on Thursday ordered the detention of another 13 people in three provinces for protesting against the offensive, police said. (Additional reporting by Tulay Karadeniz and Gulsen Solaker; Editing by David Dolan, Larry King)
0 Construction workers pull man out of burning car
NEW KENSINGTON, Pa. - It started with a medical emergency, according to police, before three cars were involved in a crash in Westmoreland County and witnesses rushed to save one driver from a burning car.
A 69-year-old man is fighting for his life after the fiery crash along Leechburg Road in New Kensington.
"I have seen a bunch of fire vehicles coming in and ambulances and looked up the road and saw the smoke and assumed the car was on fire," said Michael Valencic, who works nearby.
A white hazy smoke filled the air after a Kia SUV caught fire.
TRENDING NOW:
The driver had a medical emergency, crossed the center line and swiped a Buick SUV and then slammed into a Subaru.
A construction worker who was working nearby witnessed the accident and saw the car catch fire.
According to police, that worker grabbed a hammer, broke the passenger window and pulled the man to safety. He then performed CPR until paramedics got on scene.
Nearby construction workers rescue 69yo man from 3-car crash in New Ken this morning, police say they performed CPR until paramedics got there, and believe he suffered medical emergency prior to crash. I'll have more at 5 on #WPXI pic.twitter.com/3o4XV0jnHi — Melanie Marsalko (@WPXIMelanie) March 19, 2018
Witnesses told police the driver appeared to be unconscious and his head was tilted back before crashing.
As of Monday afternoon, police said he was in the cardiac cath lab at Allegheny General Hospital having a heart catheterization.
Police also said he may have a good chance at surviving thanks to the heroic, quick-thinking actions of witnesses working nearby.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
ADAM Collard has shown his true colours yet again.
The Love Island womaniser has been through four women – Kendall Rae-Knight, Rosie Williams, Zara McDermott and Darylle Sargeant – throughout his time in the Love Island villa. And now he's trying to trade in his fourth bombshell, Darylle. Tonight, Love Island Adam begins to grow distant from the tattooed beauty. The 22-year-old reveals that he still has feeling for Zara, who was dumped from the island last week.
ITV OVER? Adam and Darylle's relationship is beginning to crumble
Love Island 2018's sexiest moments Love Island is already hotting up as the 2018 contestants look for passion. 1 / 54 WENN Dani Dyer and Jack Fincham take part in a series of challenges for a Love Fest game
ITV CASA AMOR: Adam and Darylle hit it off while in the other Love Island villa
“You brought me here and I've seen none of you at all” Darylle Sargeant He says: "Me and Darylle get on well, she's hot. "But I'd be lying if I said there wasn't still feelings there for Zara. I did really like her. Honestly I thought if I went to Casa Amor and threw myself into someone I would just forget about it. But I definitely have feelings for Zara." It hasn't gone unnoticed by Darylle, 24, either, who begins to wonder why he's gone cold. "I think Adam has been a bit quiet the past couple of days and I definitely have noticed a difference between how he and I have been," she says in the Beach Hut.
Introducing new Love Island bombshell Zara McDermott is a hot 21-year-old government advisor, here to spice up the villa. 1 / 22
ITV HEARTBROKEN: Adam was devastated when Zara left the villa
"He was pretty full on and he was saying lots of lovely things while we were in the other villa and I've not seen a lot of that in here." Later, the couple talk it out in the garden, where Adam comes clean about his feelings for Zara. "I know that you've probably noticed that I've been quite distant which I know I have been," he began. "When I was at Casa Amor my head was into meeting new people. The last time I was here [in the main villa] I was with Zara."
The new Jemma Lucy? Love Island's Darylle Sergeant is a red hot tattoo babe, who will surely spice up the Love Island villa. 1 / 12
ITV DISTANT: Darylle has noticed that Adam has been acting cold towards her
Google is betting on the potential of European biotech companies to deliver life-changing drugs by investing alongside Swiss company Novartis in a new US$300 million fund run by leading life sciences investment firm Medicxi.
LONDON: Google is betting on the potential of European biotech companies to deliver life-changing drugs by investing alongside Swiss company Novartis in a new US$300 million fund run by leading life sciences investment firm Medicxi.
The move shows Google casting an increasingly wide net as it pumps cash into global medical research, seeding what it believes will become a core long-term healthcare business.
Novartis and Verily, a unit of Google parent Alphabet, are cornerstone investors in the new fund, along with the European Investment Fund, Medicxi said on Thursday.
Verily already has deals with GlaxoSmithKline, Sanofi, Novartis and Johnson & Johnson to apply novel technology in areas ranging from diabetes management to robotic surgery. Last month it landed former U.S. Food and Drug Administration head Robert Califf as part of its team.
Another Google offshoot, Calico, is working on treatments to fight ageing, while the group's arms-length GV venture capital operation has invested in dozens of healthcare start-ups, mostly in the United States.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The latest initiative will now see it delving deeper into drug development by investing in late-stage European biotech companies.
The new fund will back both private and public firms with products that have already reached mid-stage Phase II clinical development, providing them with a new source of growth capital.
"There is a funding gap because there is a maturing class of biotechnology companies now in Europe," said Francesco De Rubertis, co-founder and partner at Medicxi.
The fund is a first for Medicxi, the former life sciences arm of Index Ventures, which has so far invested in early-stage biotech.
It also reflects the redrawing of traditional industry borders as tech companies take a hands-on role in healthcare innovation, as highlighted by the fact that Verily will appoint two members to the new fund's scientific advisory board.
Other tech companies, including Apple and Microsoft, are also investing in healthcare in the belief that modern computing capabilities and miniaturization can help accelerate advances in medical treatment.
Europe boasts world-class universities and scientists, but its biotechnology sector has long been a poor relation to the bigger U.S. industry, where emerging life sciences firms are able to access a much deeper pool of capital.
By providing funds for late-stage drug development, the hope is that more firms will be able to stay independent and continue to build up the value of their experimental medicines, rather than selling out prematurely to larger players.
De Rubertis said much of the investment was likely to be channeled to companies in Britain, Switzerland and a region spanning Paris-Brussels-Amsterdam.
Europe has only a small roster of successful biotechs, such as Danish cancer specialist Genmab, currently worth US$13 billion, and Switzerland's Actelion.
Actelion was Europe's top biotech firm for many years, thanks to its market-leading position in pulmonary arterial hypertension, before it was bought by J&J this year for US$30 billion.
Total revenues for Europe's biotech industry were US$25 billion in 2015 against US$108 billion for the U.S. industry, according to consultancy EY.
(Editing by Greg Mahlich)
County Councilman Michael Anthony Peroutka acknowledged Tuesday that he reached an immunity agreement with state prosecutors before sending over emails and other records as part of investigation into illegal robocalls aimed at his political opponent in 2014.
Taking the witnesses stand for the second day, the Millersville Republican fielded a string of questions from defense attorney Christopher Kachouroff.
Kachouroff pressed Peroutka on whether he had immediately cooperated with the State Prosecutor's Office in sending over emails and other records for the investigation.
Peroutka initially replied that he believed he had. Kachouroff then asked whether it was correct that Peroutka hadn't cooperated until he had signed an immunity agreement.
"I guess that's correct," Peroutka said.
Details of the agreement were not discussed in court.
Deputy State Prosecutor Mike McDonough, the prosecutor in the case, declined to comment after the hearing in Annapolis ended. Peroutka also declined to comment after leaving the courtroom.
Peroutka has been a key witness in the trial of Dennis Fusaro, a national Republican political consultant whom Peroutka paid to manage his 2014 campaign, and Stephen Waters, a Republican political consultant based in Virginia.
Fusaro and Waters were charged with misdemeanors in connection with an October 2014 robocall that referenced Peroutka's Democratic opponent in the District 5 race, Patrick Armstrong of Severna Park.
Prosecutors say the robocall violated election law by failing to identify Fusaro and Waters as the persons responsible for it and failing to state whether the call was authorized by any candidate.
Many criticized the call as smearing Armstrong, who is gay.
Shortly after the charges were filed, attorneys for Fusaro and Waters said the robocall was protected by the First Amendment.
Peroutka, who was not charged in the case, has denied having any knowledge of the robocall prior to its release.
Armstrong said he was not aware of the immunity agreement until Peroutka's testimony.
An immunity agreement typically exempts a person from penalties or certain legal requirements in a case and might include an agreement not to prosecute.
During his testimony Tuesday in District Court, Peroutka also said that, to his knowledge, none of his campaign funds had been used to pay for the robocall.
Other witnesses called by prosecutors have included a former and a current employee of a Wal-Mart in Virginia where Fusaro and Waters allegedly bought a prepaid cell phone used for the robocall.
The call, which went to about 5,000 Anne Arundel County residents days before the 2014 election, linked Armstrong to a controversial state measure referred to as "the bathroom bill." It banned discrimination against transgender people in public areas, including restrooms.
It also encourages listeners to call Armstrong and thank him "for his bravery in coming out of the closet," giving the home phone number of Armstrong's mother.
The robocall stated it was paid for by a group called Marylanders for Transgenders, which the prosecution has said is false.
Closing arguments are expected Wednesday.
MUMBAI: Filmmaker Anurag Basu, who has worked with Pritam Chakraborty on four of his movies, says the composer-singer, who turned a year older on Wednesday , understands his sensibilities and adds value to his projects.
"Pritam is one of the greatest strengths behind my movies. He is family and I wish him bigger success on his birthday," Basu said in a statement.
"Our association started from television days since 1998. 'Jagga Jasoos' is in fact, our fourth movie together and to be honest, 'Jagga Jasoos' is more of Pritam's movie than mine. Pritam understands my sensibilities as a filmmaker and we continue to fight, laugh, sulk, eat together and continue to make music," he added.
Pritam has turned 46.
He has previously worked with Basu for 'Life in a Metro', 'Gangster' and 'Barfi!', all of which have given Bollywood some memorable songs.
(Source: IANS)
Ishaq Akintola, director, Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC), says it will be in the best interest of Nigeria for President Muhammadu Buhari to win his re-election bid in 2019.
In a statement issued on Wednesday, the Muslim cleric said Buhari is keen on the progress of Nigeria and the welfare of the citizens.
Akintola reaffirmed the group's commitment to the Buhari-led administration, saying it has the political will to fight corruption and punish offenders.
“Ex-governors and powerful politicians are being sent to jail for the first time in the history of this country. Huge amounts are also being recovered. It is a record performance,” he said.
“We marvel at his prudence, his simplicity and his altruism. He is simply a living legend. These are the qualities which we cherish in Buhari.
“His political party does not matter to us. Some Nigerians are not being honest. All of us have been complaining for a long time that the problem with Nigeria is leadership. We accused our leaders of greed, avarice and selfishness.
“We have been complaining for long that corrupt leaders always got away with their loot. Nobody ever questioned anyone. But today we have a president to whom transparency, probity and accountability are uppermost.
“Our support for this administration is driven by patriotism and good governance but not based on religion.
“If the Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo who is a Christian clergy contests election tomorrow we will support him because he shares the same vision with the President.
“Wole Soyinka and Femi Falana are Christians. We will not hesitate to rally behind them tomorrow if they vie for leadership positions.
“We would have given all our energy to support Tai Solarin, Dr. Beko Ransome Kuti, Chima Ubani and Ken Saro Wiwa who were all Christians had they contested for the post of president in their lifetime.
“As religious leaders, we are speaking up to guide politicians because things may go wrong if we keep quiet, we will never give up on Nigeria. We will never surrender this country to kleptomaniacs and blood merchants no matter the amount of blackmail.
“This struggle is towards a better future for Nigerian youth, Nigerian children and generations yet unborn. Posterity will judge us.”
The MURIC director urged Muslims not to shy away from politics, saying politics determines whether the roads will be good or not.
“Politics determines whether or not we will have stable power supply, a reliable public transport system and good public health delivery package,” he said.
He lamented that some politicians are earning N29 million monthly while poor workers are not getting N18,000 minimum wages as at when due.
“The International Monetary Fund revealed in 1999 that one percent of our population enjoys 85 percent of the wealth, leaving the remaining 99 percent of the population to struggle before having access to the remaining 15 percent of Nigeria's wealth.
“That is why facilities cannot go round. That is why we have falling school walls. That is why public hospitals are glorified mortuaries.
“The Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria said last week that only 350 Nigerians are responsible for more than 80 percent of the N5.4 trillion debt portfolio of the company.”
Read Also
Share this post with your Friends on
Game week 26 of the Spor Toto Super League came to an end Sunday as Medipol Başakşehir beat title-defenders Beşiktaş 1-0. Başakşehir's goal came in the 28th minute when winger Eljero Elia calmly finished from a counterattack. But the Turkish Super League's new powerhouse had to hold its nerves for almost 30 minutes after Junior Caicara was shown his second yellow of the match in the 61st minute, leaving Başakşehir with 10 men.
With the other title-seekers Fenerbahçe and Galatasaray firing blanks Saturday, Başakşehir was the only top-four team to claim a full three points this week. With the win, the Istanbul outfit ousted Beşiktaş from second place with 53 points and is just one shy of leaders Galatasaray. Beşiktaş, with 50 points, are now third place while Fenerbahçe is close behind with 48 points. Meanwhile, this season has seen some serious uptick in attendances. As of game week 25, ticket sales surpassed TL 2.9 million ($735,092), marking a 45 percent increase compared to the same period last year, according to Ajans Press, a media observing agency.
Average attendance per match also rose by around 4,000 to reach 12,931. Galatasaray was the fan favorite as it hosted more than 505,509 fans in its stadium so far this season. It was followed by Beşiktaş with 364,691 and Fenerbahçe with 344,609. On the other end of the spectrum, Osmanlıspor had the least number of attendees with just 19,872.
The Super League received detailed coverage with more than 50,468 news articles since the first week of the season. The most read news covered the title race, referee decisions, and the relegations. Football experts pointed to the tight title race has attracted more attention from the fans. With the top four all having a shot at the title, the Turkish Super League is currently the most competitive league in Europe. As of game week 26, only five points separated leader Galatasaray from fourth-placed Fenerbahçe.
The game plan is to get water behind the Oroville Dam below what its engineering designs call "flood control storage," and keep it there. At that depth, the dam would have a buffer capacity of half a million acre-feet of water.
At the current release rate, a pounding 100,000 cubic feet per second, the dam will reach that point by late Saturday or early Sunday, even with another rain system arriving Wednesday, said Bill Croyle, acting director of the state Department of Water Resources.
Croyle said he is certain of the integrity of the main spillway and the steep hillside used for emergency overflow, now quickly being armored with layers of rock and concrete. Even so, he said, "our goal is to remove as much water from the reservoir [as needed] so we don't have to use it."
Currently, crews are dropping 40 truckloads of rock an hour on the eroded slope, a process that Croyle said would continue despite his belief that the slope as it is now is safe enough to use if needed.
Falling temperatures associated with this week's approaching weather system will also help by lowering the elevation at which some of that precipitation falls as snow and is locked up until spring. But Croyle said that merely delays when the dam will be required to handle the melt from what has been a spectacular snow year.
He said state engineers are using cameras to monitor the damaged section of the spillway, and are watching it from above with overhead flights. The current release of water creates a curtain that obscures most of the gaping hole that appeared earlier, but what is visible from the side suggests there has been no increase in the damaged area.
"It's performing very well," Croyle said.
Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said he would leave it to residents to decide for themselves whether to leave if rising water levels again force use of the emergency spillway. He said he would order another evacuation only if something were to suggest the repaired slope was deteriorating.
Getty Images
Conflicting reports have emerged in recent weeks regarding the direct participation of Commissioner Roger Goodell in the events preceding the suspension of Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott. Although, as Friday's letter to Elliott makes abundantly clear, Goodell made the decision to suspend Elliott six games, Goodell did not personally attend the most important meeting regarding the investigation.
The NFL, after previously not commenting on the matter, has acknowledged that Goodell was not present for the June 26, 2017 hearing that preceded the issuance of discipline. Deadspin.com reported in late July that Goodell didn't attend any of the hearings involving Elliott.
“On June 26, 2017, you and your representatives had an opportunity to meet personally with [the four] independent advisors [Peter Harvey, Ken Houston, Tonya Lovelace, and Mary Jo White] to discuss you recollection of the events of the week of July 16, 2016, you relations with [Tiffany] Thompson, the March 2017 [St. Patrick's Day parade] incident, and other issues you and your representatives believed were pertinent to our review,” the August 11 letter informing Elliott of his suspension explains. “The advisors had an opportunity to engage directly in discussions with you, and to hear your counsel's assessment of the legal, evidentiary and credibility issues presented in this case.”
With credibility being such a critical aspect of this matter, it's difficult to make a conclusion about Elliott's credibility without personally attending the June 26 hearing. While the independent advisors serve as a bit of a buffer, their assessment of Elliott's overall credibility is no substitute for the credibility assessment made by the person making the decision.
Per a source with knowledge of the investigation, Goodell also did not meet with Tiffany Thompson, whose credibility also is at issue.
That's a clear deviation from standard legal proceedings, especially where a case turns on the resolution of a dispute in witness testimony and recollection. In most if not all other cases, the person making the decision personally assesses the credibility of the key witnesses.
Indeed, when recalling facts and answering questions on matters that are sharply contested, what a person says is only part of the puzzle. How the person says it — demeanor, body language, tells, etc. — is as important, if not more important.
On a matter of such importance and sensitivity to the league, to the Cowboys, and to Elliott, with one of the NFL's brightest young stars being branded a domestic abuser under a very low 51-49 standard of proof, how can a reliable decision be made if the person making the decision did not directly assess the credibility of the witnesses?
Here's the truth: It can't. While the four independent advisors may individually and collectively be capable of assessing witness credibility, they weren't the ones making the decision. The person who made the decision needed to be in the room, studying every word, facial expression, and gesture. Without that, the grade on the Commissioner's decision as to Elliott is incomplete, at best.
Maryland Natural Resources Police is investigating an abandoned boat on Luce Creek in Annapolis Monday morning.
Police have two units investigating the boat, which is on a creek off of the Severn River, said spokeswoman Candy Thompson. She added that it's too early to confirm if diesel fuel is leaking out of the boat, despite residents indicating otherwise.
Thompson said police will tow the boat to its impound lot Tuesday and the Coast Guard's environmental team is also assessing the situation.
If there is diesel in the water, the Maryland Department of the Environment would be in charge of removing it, she said.
This story will continue to be updated.
Commerce Content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and if you buy something through our posts, we may get a small share of the sale. Click here for more.
Graphic: Twitch
If you have Amazon Prime, congrats, you also have Twitch Prime. And if you have Twitch Prime, you get some free PC games every month, no strings attached.
Starting on May 1, you'll get access to six new games, including Gone Home and Psychonauts, just for starters. All you have to do is connect your Prime and Twitch accounts here, then check back on May 1 to download your games. There's also still time to download April's games, which include Steamworld Dig 2 and Tales From the Borderlands. Just click the loot icon on the top of your Twitch homepage to find all of the freebies. Once you add them to your library, they're yours to keep, even if you cancel your Prime membership further down the road.
The U.S. Justice Department is seeking "substantial" civil fines from Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV after the government filed suit accusing the company of illegally using software that led to excess emissions in 104,000 U.S. diesel vehicles sold since 2014, a person briefed on the matter said Friday.
WASHINGTON: The U.S. Justice Department is seeking "substantial" civil fines from Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV after the government filed suit accusing the company of illegally using software that led to excess emissions in 104,000 U.S. diesel vehicles sold since 2014, a person briefed on the matter said on Friday.
Bloomberg News reported Friday that the Justice Department sent Fiat Chrysler lawyers a Jan. 27 settlement offer that included requiring the company to offset excess pollution and take steps to prevent future excess emissions.
A person briefed on the matter confirmed the letter included language that a settlement "must include very substantial civil penalties."
Fiat Chrysler shares ended down 7.2 percent at US$22.30 on Friday in New York after earlier falling over 10 percent on news of the potential fines.
In a discussion in Washington this week between the Justice Department and Fiat Chrysler overseen by court-appointed settlement adviser Ken Feinberg, no specific figures were discussed, two people briefed on the talks said. Another round of settlement talks is set for late this month.
Feinberg and Fiat Chrysler declined to comment.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In July, Fiat Chrysler won approval from federal and California regulators to sell 2017 model year diesel vehicles after it came under scrutiny for alleged excess emissions in older diesel models.
To resolve the excess pollution issue, Fiat Chrysler lawyer Robert Giuffra said in December at a court hearing the company remains confident it can use updated emissions software in the 2017 vehicles as the basis of a fix to address agencies' concerns over 2014-2016 diesel vehicles.
The Justice Department said in December that company testing on the proposed fix began on Dec. 17 and would take about three months. The government will then have 30 days to review the results and expects to make a determination by the end of April.
No settlement is expected before testing is completed, people briefed on the talks said.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Separately, the company is still trying to settle lawsuits filed by owners of the diesel vehicles. A separate settlement session is set with lawyers for the owners and Fiat Chrysler in the coming weeks.
Regulators have said Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicles had undisclosed emissions controls that allowed vehicles to emit excess pollution during normal driving. The company has denied wrongdoing, saying there was never an attempt to create software to cheat emissions rules.
Fiat Chrysler's emissions case comes after Volkswagen AG's diesel emissions scandal prompted increased industry scrutiny.
(Reporting by David Shepardson; editing by Cynthia Osterman and G Crosse)
- Advertisement -
Ahmed Makarfi, former Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Caretaker Committee, on Monday revealed why South West lost at the party's National Convention.
PDP members had on Saturday elected Uche Secondus from the South South as their new National Chairman, a situation those from the South West frowned at.
Reacting to the loss of the South West, Makarfi said the region never had a true consensus candidate for the chairmanship position.
Featuring on Channels Television, the former Kaduna State governor said a, “damaging campaign,” engineered by an unnamed individual affected the South West negatively.
According to Makarfi, “For the south-west, it was at the convention venue that they resolved on a consensus candidate. And even then, another candidate came to the state box and met the leaders and said, look, they never resolved, that he was still in the race. So, it was a total confusion.
- Advertisement -
“Somebody signs on behalf of other candidates and say ‘we now have a consensus candidate and please support him' and another going round and saying ‘no, we don't have a consensus candidate'.
“The whole issue of the south-west was its inability to put itself in order in good time. And then allowing some characters that cannot stand up in terms of credibility to occupy the political and media landscape; all kinds of abuses.
“And we cautioned them that that negative campaign by one individual was damaging them as people and members of the PDP and they needed to call that person to order. Still, they never called him to order. And as far as I know, ninety-percent of PDP members that person comes to will run away.”
3 FGCU players selected in MLB draft
FORT MYERS, Fla. Three FGCU baseball players have a sought-after opportunity in front of them.
Junior pitcher Kutter Crawford, the ace of the Eagles staff, was picked by the Boston Red Sox on Wednesday in the 16th round of the professional baseball draft.
Junior shortstop Julio Gonzalez, who had the highest batting average on the team, was drafted in the 17th round by the Kansas City Royals.
Senior pitcher Garrett Anderson, of Arcadia, was taken by the Tampa Bay Rays in the 35th round.
Crawford and Gonzalez will forgo their senior seasons to pursue their pro careers.
Pink is the latest artist to come out against record producer Dr. Luke, saying that she refuses to work with him and has told him so to his face.
The singer, who collaborated with Dr. Luke — whose real name is Lukasz Gottwald — on her 2006 album “I'm Not Dead,” declared in an interview published Thursday that she won't work with him again because “he's not a good person.”
Though Pink said she didn't know much firsthand about singer Kesha's abuse allegations against him, she told the New York Times it was “his karma and he earned it.”
Pink's commentary echoes that of “American Idol” alum Kelly Clarkson, who scored some of her biggest hits alongside Dr. Luke but spoke out against him last year, saying she refused to share a writing credit with him on 2009's “My Life Would Suck Without You” because she believed he was “not a good guy.”
Pink, whose real name is Alecia Beth Moore, said that Dr. Luke “doesn't do good business,” that “he's not a kind person” and “he doesn't do the right thing when given ample opportunities to do so.”
And, she said, “I don't really feel that bad for him.”
The producer, who denied all of his former protégée Kesha's allegations during their protracted legal battle, declined to comment on Pink's statements.
Incidentally, Pink's words were not as harsh for former Epic Records chairman Antonio “L.A.” Reid, her mentor, who also has been accused of sexual harassment.
She also said she hasn't experienced much overt sexism firsthand in the music business: “People think I'm insane and aggressive and I'll bite them.”
Indian exports rose for the 11th consecutive month in July 2017, official data showed on Monday.
Exports in July at $22.5 billion recorded a growth of over 3.9 per cent on the back of a healthy rise in shipments of engineering goods, petroleum products and chemicals, according to data released by the Commerce Ministry.
The country's exports during the corresponding month of last year stood at $21.69 billion.
“In continuation with the positive growth exhibited by exports for the last eleven months, exports during July 2017 have shown growth of 3.94 per cent in dollar terms valued at $22,543.80 million as compared to $21,689.57 million during July,2016.,” the ministry statement said.
“During July 2017, major commodity groups of export showing positive growth over the corresponding month of last year are engineering goods (15.16 per cent), petroleum products (20.27), organic and inorganic chemicals (20.67), cotton yarn/fabrics/made-ups, handloom products etc.(5.39) and marine products(30.53),” it said.
However, the country's imports during the month under review also increased by 15.42 per cent to $33.99 billion from $29.45 billion.
“Major commodity group of imports showing high growth in July 2017 over the corresponding month of last year are petroleum, crude and products (15.02 per cent), electronic goods (22.5), machinery, electrical and non-electrical (7.34), pearls, precious and semi-precious stones (6.86) and gold (95.05),” the statement said.
Besides, the data showed that India's oil imports during July increased by 15.02 per cent to $7.84 billion, from $6.82 billion in the same month last year.
“The global Brent prices ($/barrel) have increased by 8.03 per cent in July 2017 vis-à-vis July 2016 as per World Bank commodity price data,” the statement said.
Non-oil imports were up by 15.55 per cent to $26.14 billion, from $22.63 billion in the corresponding month of last year.
Consequently, the trade deficit during the month under review rose higher to $11.45 billion from $7.76 billion reported for July 2016.
Further, the ministry disclosed that the services exports data provided by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for June 2017 was estimated at $13.39 billion, and the trade deficit at $5.9 billion
“Taking merchandise and services together, overall trade deficit for April-July 2017-18 is estimated at $34.07 billion, as compared to $10.80 billion during April-July 2016-17,” the statement added.
Catholics across Long Island packed churches throughout the diocese on Sunday to celebrate the holiest, most joyful day on the Christian calendar: Easter. Many parishes added Masses to their regular Sunday schedules to accommodate the large turnout of worshippers. Several parishes began the day at the crack of dawn, holding sunrises services. In Rockville Centre, Bishop John Barres presided at his first Easter Sunday service as diocesan bishop, officiating at St. Agnes Cathedral's 11 a.m. Mass. The bishop arrived more than a half-hour before the start of the liturgy to share paschal greetings and warm words with the faithful who were exiting or arriving for services in the cathedral and the Msgr. Kelly Parish Center. After celebrating Mass, Bishop Barres continued connecting with St. Agnes parishioners and visitors, shaking hands and chatting with them on what was a beautiful and unseasonably warm spring day. Photos by Gregory A. Shemitz
A cloud-dappled sky added to the beauty of Easter morning. Bishop John Barres greets people outside the cathedral before Mass. Bishop Barres incenses the sanctuary at the beginning of the liturgy. The cathedral could barely accommodate the number of worshippers attending the Mass. Easter joy shows on Bishop Barres' face as he delivers the homily. People fill the pews in the cathedral's left transept. Cantor Holliday Haynes leads the assembly in song. Bishop Barres blesses the assembly with holy water after the renewal of baptismal promises. Young parishioner was among those fashionably dressed for the liturgy. Bishop Barres accepts the gifts. Deacon Thomas Malone incenses the assembly. Lilys are seen in the foreground as congregants pray. Bishop Barres elevates the Eucharist. Worshippers kneel in prayer. Bishop Barres distributes Communion. Stephanie Casimir is seen in her Easter finest. Bishop Barres imparts a blessing at the end of Mass. Brianna Suffren looks on as Bishop Barres greets her uncle, Phil Terry, after the service.
Does your dog have kennel cough? With several cases of the canine disease surfacing up dog daycares and veterinary clinics around Calgary, owners should be on the lookout for symptoms in their dogs.
Veterianarian Dr. Kent Morley said he treated a few cases of it on Monday, which is not something he commonly sees during the wintertime.
“Mostly because it's usually snow and cold and people are inside. But now it's warm and it's beautiful outside so a lot more people are outside and with that, other dogs go with them. So there's a lot more contact dogs to dogs at off-leash parks,” Morley said.
READ MORE: X-ray of pregnant Manitoba dog reveals quite the litter
Morley said most of the time, the most noticeable symptom is going to be a productive cough.
“Some people sound like a goose honking. Some people think the dog has something stuck in their throat,” Morley said.
The level of sickness of the canine respiratory disease varies.
“Some dogs can be quite sick and can develop pneumonia that needs treatment. But most dogs just develop a minor cough that's self limiting within about seven to 10 days,” Morley said.
“The most important part is to keep your dog away from other dogs because it is contagious.”
READ MORE: Winnipeg veterinarians seeing an increase in kennel cough cases
Keeping dogs away from their other dog pals is easier said than done when their owners need to drop them off at doggie daycare.
Unlike most Calgary dog daycares, Sleep Rover Doggie Hotel and Daycare doesn't make kennel cough a required vaccination.
Team lead at Sleep Rover, Carling Middlestead, said they support dogs developing an immunity to it.
“Getting vacinated against it doesn't guarantee that you won't get it. We treat it like a common flu and so we think owners should talk to their vets and trust their vets advice and work to decide if it's the best option for them,” Middlestead said.
Dr. Morley reccomends getting your dog vaccinated to lower the risk of getting the disease and the length of the sickness if your dog does get kennel cough.
“Kennel cough is an umbrella term that covers a lot of different infectious agents; so viruses, a different organism called Mycoplasma and bacteria, but with the Bordetella Vaccine, you're actually going to get protection against that most common bacteria that causes kennel cough,” Morley said.
Middlestead said their team always checks the dozens of dogs they see daily for signs of kennel cough in an attempt to avoid an outbreak.
“Dogs that are more lethargic than usual, we kind of keep an eye on them. Any sort of cough that develops we'll make note of it right away… any sort of running nose,” Middlestead said.
“If we suspect that a dog might be infected with something like kennel cough, we'll let the owner know right away and they'll come it pick up.”
READ MORE: Cases of deadly dog bacteria ‘on the rise' throughout Halifax Regional Municipality
If your dog is infected or showing signs of kennel cough, there is a medication for it.
“We usually use medication called Hycodan, so that's an opioid medication that helps suppress cough,” Morley said.
The recommended medication also helps your furry family member get lots of rest.
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives Special Agent in Charge Fred Milanowski, front left, Interim Austin police chief Brian Manley, front center, and FBI Special Agent in Charge Christopher Combs, front right, arrive for a news conference near the site of Sunday's explosion, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Austin, Texas. Fear escalated across Austin on Monday after the fourth bombing this month — this time, a blast that was triggered by a tripwire and demonstrated what police said was a "higher level of sophistication" than the package bombs used in the previous attacks. Eric Gay AP Photo
CHELSEA star Eden Hazard could leave the club this summer, but who are the favourites to sign him?
“Eden Hazard has enjoyed six seasons at Chelsea since joining in a £32m switch from Lille in 2012”
The Belgian has enjoyed six seasons at Stamford Bridge since joining in a £32m switch from Lille in 2012.
He has proved to be a superb acquisition, playing a crucial part in Chelsea's Premier League title wins in both 2014/15 and 2016/17.
But his future at the club looks in serious doubt after the Blues suffered a disastrous defence of their title last term.
Antonio Conte failed to steer the former champions into the top four, meaning there will be no Champions League football at the Bridge next season.
Instead, Hazard and co are set for an unwanted year in the Europa League - the continent's second-tier competition.
But the Belgian might not stick around to feature in it.
A number of reports have linked him with a move away from Chelsea this summer, so if he was to depart the club, where is he most likely to go?
CLICK THROUGH THE GALLERY ABOVE TO SEE WHERE BETFAIR THINK EDEN HAZARD COULD END UP NEXT SEASON.
A model who stands just 4 feet claims her biggest problem is fending off perverts who have fetishized her size.
Fatima Timbo, 21, told the Daily Star she has battled bullies most of her life, but nonetheless wanted to make her catwalk dreams come true.
She has since become a big star on YouTube, where she advocates for the small and disabled.
But there is a drawback.
“I have to be wary of guys who just have a fetish for dwarves because there are some guys that actually see me as something to tick off their bucket list,” the model told the U.K. newspaper.
“I would say it's harder to find a genuine guy if you're a little woman.”
And despite her success, strangers still catcall and stare.
“The most popular comment I've had is ‘midget,' which I hate because it's a derogatory term for dwarves or little people,” she said.
“The worst comment someone said about me was: ‘If I was Fatima's mom, I would abort her because she's a midget.' When my friend told me, I couldn't stop crying because of how hurt that comment made me feel.”
She said: “In my secondary school there were certain bullies that wouldn't stop picking on me.”
But acting and dancing lessons gave her new confidence and the little Londoner has starred in a string of shows.
“I've always tried embracing who I am from when I used to perform in the theatre but I began to fully embrace and accept myself when I started modelling last year,” she said.
“I feel great now. I feel like I've grown more self-love in myself, as I face new challenges every day. I also feel like my height has no limit.”
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Black Hills Corp:
* QTRLY EARNINGS PER SHARE FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS $1.30
* REPORTS 2017 FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR RESULTS
* SEES FY 2018 ADJUSTED NON-GAAP EARNINGS PER SHARE $3.30 TO $3.50 FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
* Q4 ADJUSTED NON-GAAP EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.98 FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
* SEES CAPITAL SPENDING FOR 2018 OF $431 MILLION‍​
* BLACK HILLS- REDUCED GUIDANCE FOR 2018 EARNINGS PER SHARE FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS, AS ADJUSTED, TO BE IN RANGE OF $3.30 TO $3.50 PER SHARE​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Reports of the death of Bitcoin in India have been greatly exaggerated.
On Thursday a budget speech by finance minister Arun Jaitley generated a tsunami of ‘the Bitcoin party is over in India' headlines, adding to downward pressures on the cryptocurrency.
Safe to say, the truth of the matter is a lot more gray. Yes, Jaitley talked tough on crypto currencies. But no, there was no outright ban — not yet, anyway. The Indian government's plans for crypto regulation remain unformulated (or at least unstated). It did set up a committee to look into crypto back in April. Which reported in Jaitley in August. But no regulations have been confirmed, leaving rumors to swirl.
Here's the relevant chunk of Jaitley's budget speech (via The India Express):
Distributed ledger system or the block chain technology allows organization of any chain of records or transactions without the need of intermediaries. The Government does not consider crypto-currencies legal tender or coin and will take all measures to eliminate use of these crypto-assets in financing illegitimate activities or as part of the payment system. The Government will explore use of block chain technology proactively for ushering in digital economy.
One clear takeaway from that is the minister is sounding much more positive about blockchain technology. And his tonal contrast between blockchain and cryptocurrencies is obviously intentional — and therefore interesting.
So yes Jaitley wants to sound like he's pouring cold water on crypto. But whether that means you should hodl or not depends on your own personal threshold for risk.
The point about the Indian government not recognizing crypto as legal tender was already made by Jaitley, back in December. And a crackdown on crypto financing illegitimate activities is what any government will say it wants to do. What's more interesting is the second clause in his sentence — where he tacks on “or as part of the payment system”, which is certainly suggestive of a ban. But nothing is explicitly stated.
And, as CNN reported earlier, Jaitley was explicitly asked if the government is moving to ban cryptocurrencies by Indian state-owned broadcaster Doordarshan, which interviewed him after the budget speech.
Here's CNN's translation of the exchange (emphasis mine):
TV Host: We've seen a lot of excitement over bitcoins. Why aren't you banning it instead of stating it isn't legal tender? Jaitley: We are discouraging people from using it now. There is a government committee that's looking into it right now and they will announce their decisions and next steps after they are done.
So really the minister's intention looks to have been to try and inject a little more sanity into the crypto space by splashing a little cold water around. And no one should argue with the sense of that.
But how exactly will Bitcoin and crypto be regulated in India? Well, that remains to be seen.
STOCKHOLM: A man arrested at a Swedish airport for allegedly trying to travel with suspected explosive material was released on Friday (Oct 6) due to no evidence of a crime, authorities said.
The man was passing through security control on Thursday morning at Landvetter Airport in the western city of Gothenburg when the screening showed "something explosive", police spokesman Peter Adlersson earlier told AFP.
"An analysis of the suspicious materials have been made ... and the man is no longer suspected of a crime," the public prosecutor's office said in a statement, without specifying what exactly the man was carrying.
Authorities have not disclosed the man's identity but the Swedish daily Goteborgs-Posten said he is a German citizen.
He had been arrested on suspicion of "attempted public destruction", the public prosecutor's office said.
0 5 Amazon services that could be game-changers
There are a few companies in the world that are synonymous with innovation.
Google, Tesla and Amazon come to mind. Tesla's focus is on transportation and energy, while Google's moonshot projects are more far-flung. The search engine giant has gotten into the idea of solar-powered hot air balloons to deliver Internet to rural areas, creating an airborne wind energy model via Makani kites, and even anti-aging research, to name just a few projects.
But while Google and its parent company Alphabet may have their heads in the clouds, it is Amazon that has its feet planted on the ground with new initiatives that promise more immediate results.
Here's a look at what's coming next in the worlds of finance, mortgage lending, online gaming and maybe even health care.
RELATED: Recall Alert — 260,000 AmazonBasics portable battery chargers could ignite
These 5 Amazon services are here or coming soon to rule your world!
More Amazon Go stores in 2018
Amazon's newfangled idea of a cashier-less grocery looks set to spread its roots a little deeper later in 2018.
The e-commerce giant will open up to six additional Amazon Go stores this year, according to Recode.
Seattle and Los Angeles are the most likely locations for the new stores. The first Amazon Go store opened earlier this year in Amazon's Emerald City hometown.
Offering a novel way to shop, Go stores allow shoppers to scan their phone when entering to activate it as personal register. Then they can grab whatever they like and get automatically charged through a mobile payment system as they exit.
No need to wait in line to pay anymore!
GameOn: A new cloud-based gaming service for developers
The most recently announced service here is Amazon's GameOn. This cloud service will allow video game developers to seamlessly add leaderboards, competitions, invites, and giveaways into games.
Gaming has been an area of interest for Amazon dating back to 2014, when it acquired Twitch, a live streaming video game platform.
Recently, Twitch announced Twitch Prime, which gives Amazon Prime customers access to free games to download each month.
TechCrunch reports the upcoming free games for the month of April will include:
Tales from the Borderlands
SteamWorld Dig 2
Kingsway
Tokyo 42
Dubwars
Amazon wants in on the health technology business
Much like Apple, Amazon has its sights set on broad entry into the health care market.
Recently, Jeff Bezos & Co. hired a former Food and Drug Administration official with experience in giving consumers easier access to their medical records.
The new hire, Taha Kass-Hout, could also help the company clear regulatory hurdles if it were to bring new health products to market.
This is all part of a secret division at Amazon that's been variously called “Grand Challenge” and “1492” in differing media reports.
Exactly what Amazon is up to in the health care space remains a mystery.
Report: New mortgage lending division in the works
Meanwhile, there's apparently a newly formed mortgage lending division at Amazon, and it promises to give traditional lenders like banks, credit unions and online lenders a run for their money.
Jacob Gaffney, the Editor-in-Chief of HousingWire, reports the e-commerce giant is currently looking for someone to lead this hush-hush initiative.
That someone will likely be sourced from talent at the top 10 nonbank lenders, according to HousingWire.
Gaffney says he talked to one candidate who interviewed for the job and was offered the position, but ultimately turned it down.
Finally…introducing the Bank of Amazon?
Amazon is reportedly in the early stages of talking with banking giants about creating a hybrid checking account product aimed at its customer base, according to The Wall Street Journal.
The service wouldn't compete with traditional banks as much as it would partner up with the industry.
Amazon is reportedly looking to pitch this account to those who can't have or don't want a traditional bank account.
Capital One and JP Morgan Chase are among the rumored partners who could be on board with the plan, according to the Journal.
However, we should note this plan is in the very earliest stages of consideration. There's no word yet on whether the eventual product would allow customers to write checks, do online bill pay or get cash out of ATMs if and when it eventually arrives.
RELATED: Warning — New Amazon scam is coming after your money!
Clark.com
By Emma Wulfhorst |
RUMSON – It's not every day a school becomes a bustling hub of entrepreneurship.
But sellers recently packed the Forrestdale School's cafeteria where over 60 student vendors set up shop, displaying everything from shark's-tooth necklaces to ornaments to original artwork for the school's first ever TREP$ Marketplace.
The market was the final step of the TREP$ program, a curriculum developed for schools in which fourth- through eighth-graders learn everything they need to know to start their own businesses. Maureen Gordon, a Forrestdale enrichment program teacher, brought the program – short for “entrepreneurs” – to the school after learning about it through an email. “I knew it would be something students would just love to do,” Gordon said. “I know how much they love to create and build.”
Gordon approached the Forrestdale administration and asked for permission to make TREP$ a part of the school's enrichment program for gifted and talented students for the 2017-18 school year. “They said yes right away,” said Gordon and she began the class in September. The TREP$ curriculum was developed in 2006 by two New Jersey mothers after their sons attempted to create their own small business.
Forrestdale's program was open to all fourth- and fifth-grade enrichment students, as well as any sixth-grade students who were interested. The class met one hour a week for the fourth- and fifth-grade students during a regularly scheduled enrichment class. But the sixth graders had to sacrifice a lunch and recess period two times a week in order to participate.
“They learned concepts and skills in school through workshops,” said Gordon. During the classes, the students were taught key business skills and terms, including profit, expenses, marketing, brainstorming and creating a plan, all part of the TREP$ curriculum.
“A lot of work was also done at home,” said Gordon. Students physically created their products entirely on their own time using their own money or borrowed from their parents to produce the items. However, if students borrowed money, they were required to write up a contract with terms for repaying the loans. Any profits students made could be used to satisfy the loans. If students did not turn a profit, they had to present written explanations of the different lessons they learned during the program.
“Most of them really worked on it themselves,” said Gordon about the students' creation of their products, “but there was a lot of parental support.” Gordon said some of the students even paid their siblings or friends to help them produce, market or sell their goods.
According to Gordon, about 95 percent of students made a profit. While most kept the money as a reward for themselves, some chose to donate it to various organizations.
Amanda Harmon, a fifth-grader at Forrestdale, made a profit of $150 by selling her beach-themed ornaments, chalkboards and picture frames. “I loved it when people walked by my stand and saw my product and they loved them,” she said. “It really made me feel good to have people enjoy what I made.”
“She was focused on doing something beach-themed and using sand,” said Amanda's mother, Tara Harmon, also the publicity coordinator for Forrestdale's TREP$ program.
In total, 16 sixth-graders, 28 fifth-graders, and 21 fourth-graders participated in the program, but Gordon expects a bigger enrollment when she runs the program again. “I already ordered more workbooks for next year,” she said. “I've had seventh- and eighth-graders beg me to do it again.”
Gordon is overjoyed by the overwhelmingly positive feedback from the entire Forrestdale community. “I received numerous emails form parents thanking us, telling us what an amazing learning experience it was for their child,” she said.
As a parent, Harmon relished TREP$. “I thought it was pretty awesome,” she said. “It was a great opportunity for the kids to use their creativity and see how a business works.” Harmon is also excited for her daughter to participate again. “She and her friends are already planning what they want to sell next year.”
This article was first published in the Jan. 25-Feb. 1, 2018 print edition of The Two River Times.
MANILA: French pharmaceutical giant Sanofi on Monday (Dec 11) urged the Philippines to lift the suspension of its anti-dengue vaccine, insisting it was safe, but the government accused the firm of "dishonesty".
Sales of Dengvaxia and a landmark public immunisation programme using the vaccine were suspended by the Philippines this month after Sanofi warned it could lead to "severe" symptoms for people who had not previously been infected with dengue.
Sanofi's regional head said removing the vaccine from the Philippine market did the public a "disservice". (Photo: AFP/Ted Aljibe)
But the company's regional head said on Monday that removing the vaccine from the Philippine market did the public a "disservice", as it was safe and effective for most Filipinos.
"That will be a regression in the country's approach in solving a major public health concern and a disservice to the Filipino people," Thomas Triomphe, Sanofi Pasteur's head of Asia-Pacific, said at a senate hearing in the capital Manila.
"Doing so would in effect leave 90 per cent of the population at the mercy of an epidemic which has been found to be preventable," Triomphe added, referring to health department figures on the number of Filipinos who contract dengue.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In late November, Sanofi released findings of a new study that it said showed Dengvaxia could lead to severe infections for vaccinated people who caught the disease for the first time.
The vaccination programme was launched last year by the administration of previous president Benigno Aquino, making the Philippines the first nation to use Dengvaxia on a mass scale.
The Philippines this month suspended sales of Sanofi's vaccine and a landmark public immunisation programme using the drug. (Photo: AFP/Ted Aljibe)
About 830,000 schoolchildren had received at least one dose of the vaccine under the public programme while 32,000 patients were vaccinated in private hospitals, Health Secretary Francisco Duque said on Monday.
During the senate hearing, Duque accused Sanofi officials of "mental dishonesty" about the vaccine's effectiveness, saying he doubted their assurances.
"I think they have not been forthright from the beginning," Duque said.
"My index of suspicion is so high. I am pregnant with doubt. We should not allow this. We are talking about the lives of children."
Medical experts who were part of an advisory body to the health department told the inquiry they had recommended only "phased implementation" of the vaccine and not mass immunisation, pending further clinical trials.
Responding to questions from senators, the experts said the launch of the public vaccination programme was "premature".
Senator Richard Gordon, head of the committee leading the probe, said the government had approved the public immunisation programme with "undue haste" and without sufficient preparation.
A TOP scientist who believes a rogue planet is going to crash into Earth has challenged NASA to prove it does not exist.
Doomsayers have long thought that a huge mystical alien world called Planet X is hurtling through space and will appear in our skies at any moment. The planet – whose existence NASA has always denied – will wipe out most mankind in the Nibiru apocalypse, believers warn. A leading figure in the so-called Nibiru Cataclysm movement claims to have seen dying stars that are part of the Planet X system, which "emit infrared light" visible in close up images of the Sun taken by specialist NASA telescopic cameras on space probes. Dr Claudia Albers, a physicist, formerly of The University of the Witwatersrand, in Johannesburg, South Africa, has written a number of books on the subject including Planet X The Awakening Now. In a video on the ‘Planet X News' YouTube channel she talked viewers through an article she wrote entitled “Challenging NASA To Prove That Planet X Does Not Exist”, Daily Express reports.
Getty DESTRUCTION: Doomsayers are afraid Planet X is going to wipe out mankind
She questioned earlier statements made by NASA scientist Dr David Morrison, who rubbished the myth. In the video she said: "I challenge NASA for the proof that Planet X does not exist." NASA scientists have always said there is theoretically another planet at the edge of the solar system, but it has yet to be conclusively proved. However, if it is there it poses no threat to Earth and will come nowhere near us, they say.
Nibiru sightings: Do these photos show Planet X? Some of you may believe. Some of you may not. 1 / 9 Twitter
“I challenge NASA for the proof that Planet X does not exist” Scientist But Dr Albers is not convinced by this. She put forward a staggering theory in her article. She said: "It seems that the object is here and it is not alone because there is evidence that there are many of these objects in the inner solar system and they have been coming in towards the Sun for many years." She went on to say the interstellar bodies make magnetic connections with the Sun and create coronal holes.
Getty APOCALYPSE LATER: The gravitational pull of an incoming planet would devastate Earth
Worse still, she claimed this would weaken the Sun and create more solar storms that will impact on Earth. In the video she said Earth was at risk from volcanoes and increased seismic activity from Nibiru. She finished her article bringing religion into the mix. She added: "The Planet X system stellar cores will negatively impact life on Earth and me therefore recommend getting to know our creator, Jesus, as the only way to find the peace and safety that we all desperately need."
Nibiru to hit earth THIS SATURDAY: could this be the end of days? Nibiru the mythical planet – also known as Planet X – is said to strike once and for all this coming Saturday, with doomsayers claiming the massive planet will wipe out humanity by either smashing into Earth or making a catastrophic near-miss. 1 / 7 Getty Images Claims that Nibiru will smash into Earth are to happen on the 21st of this month
Getty FAKE: NASA has denied the existence of Nibiru
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Former multiple world champion Floyd Mayweather has agreed a deal for a boxing match against mixed martial artist Conor McGregor in Las Vegas on August 26.
Mayweather confirmed the bout - which will take place under normal boxing rules despite McGregor having never boxed either amateur or professionally - on his official Twitter feed.
The 40-year-old Mayweather announced his retirement after winning his 49th straight bout against Andre Berto also in Las Vegas in September 2015.
Mayweather will reportedly be paid over 100 million US dollars for the contest, which will be broadcast on pay-per-view networks across the world.
McGregor has become one of the most recognisable mixed martial artists in the world since he won the UFC featherweight title in December 2015.
After splitting two high-profile bouts with Nate Diaz, McGregor knocked out Eddie Alvarez to add the organisation's lightweight title in December last year.
The pair first mooted the idea of a fight in a series of exchanges on social media, in which the Irishman urged Mayweather to step up and sign.
Mayweather will not be the first boxing champion to take on challenges from opponents steeped in other combat sports.
Muhammad Ali fought a 15-round draw against Japanese professional wrestler Antonio Inoki in Tokyo in 1976, in which each man was allowed to use his own respective talent.
Given McGregor's non-existent boxing experience and Mayweather's reputation as one of the finest fighters in history, many observers are already predicting a mis-match.
Lauren Jauregui is ready to get back to her Cuban roots this Christmas.
Page Six spoke to the Fifth Harmony singer at Z100's Jingle Ball Friday, where she revealed her holiday plans.
“I'm going to Miami to be with my family and just chill,” she said, “I'm Cuban so we have Nochebuena, which is Christmas Eve, essentially.”
When it comes to the evening's menu, Jauregui, 21, admits she will be facing some limitations this year.
“Every year they do a … roasted pig, but I'm not eating pig anymore so I don't know what I'm gonna do!”
Luckily, there are some vegetarian-friendly side dishes that have her mouth watering.
“Plantains, some platanitos! It's gonna be great. I'm gonna get really fat but it's okay,” she shared with a laugh.
When asked about potential presents for her bandmates, the singer, who performed “Strangers” with Halsey at the Madison Square Garden concert, could not pick just one gift.
“They're all so different,” she said, “Ally [Brooke], I would maybe get a puppy. Because I feel like she is so like, loving … No! A kitten … That's what she needs.
“Normani [Kordei], I would get some really nice jewelry. Like, a nice bracelet or some nice earrings.
“Dinah [Jane], I actually got her a Christmas present already. I got her a crystal, a rose quartz crystal.”
No word on her gift for ex-bandmate Camila Cabello, but we're thinking it might be coal.
Motorsport A post shared by laurenjauregui (@laurenjauregui) on Dec 9, 2017 at 1:03pm PST
SHERIDAN — The next round of Conversations in History will take place Wednesday at 10:30 a.m. at The Hub on Smith.
The focus of the presentation by Helen Laumann and the Sheridan County Historical Society will be the beginning of the Wrench Ranch in 1882.
The Hub on Smith is located at 211 Smith St.
New Delhi: Eminent agriculture scientist and National Commission on Farmers (NCF) Chairman MS Swaminathan on Wednesday said that despite some progress, issues like farmer-centric pricing, procurement, and public distribution are still to implemented.
Despite progress, farmer-centric pricing, procurement, public distribution still to implement. My earlier statement https://t.co/zwisb0BHOP — M S Swaminathan (@msswaminathan) June 14, 2017
Swaminthan, who is the founder of M S Swaminathan Research Foundation, also felt that the answers to the agrarian crisis lie in enhancing the productivity of small farms and ensuring adequate public procurement at remunerative prices.
"The agrarian crisis, now affecting small and marginal farmers in several states, arises largely from the unfavourable cost-risk and return structure of farming," Swaminathan said on Tuesday.
He also termed farm loan waivers as a temporary, short-term solution to the agrarian crisis and said it is "time that the recommendations contained in the Reports of the National Commission on Farmers, particularly the chapter on farmers of the 21st century, are implemented".
Noting that his recommendations were formulated after discussion with farmers in all parts of the country, Swaminathan said: "Therefore, there is widespread demand among farmers that they be implemented without further delay."
He said that long-term solutions are important to ensure that farming remains an occupation of choice among the majority of the rural population in the country.
Swaminathan's remarks came against the backdrop of the ongoing protest of farmers in Madhya Pradesh, who have asked the government to write off their loans and to give a good price for their produce.
On 6 June, five protesting farmers were killed in a police firing in Madhya Pradesh's Mandsaur town.
The farmers in Maharashtra had also staged protests but called it off after the state government promised a loan waiver.
Apple Inc is pushing back on shareholder proposals on climate issue and human rights concerns, an effort activists worry could sharply restrict investor rights.
BOSTON: Apple Inc is pushing back on shareholder proposals on climate issue and human rights concerns, an effort activists worry could sharply restrict investor rights.
In letters to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission last month, an attorney for the California computer maker argued at least four shareholder proposals relate to "ordinary business" and therefore can be left off the proxy Apple is expected to publish early next year, ahead of its annual meeting.
The attorney, Gene Levoff, cited guidance issued by the SEC on Nov. 1 saying that company boards are generally best positioned to decide if a resolution raises significant policy issues worth putting to a vote.
While companies routinely seek permission to skip shareholder proposals, Apple's application of the new SEC guidance shows how it could be used to ignore many investor proposals by claiming boards routinely review those areas, said Sanford Lewis, a Massachusetts attorney representing Apple shareholders who had filed two of the resolutions.
Were the SEC to side with Apple, "this would be an incredibly dangerous precedent that would essentially say a great many proposals could be omitted," Lewis said.
An Apple spokesman declined to comment beyond its letters to the SEC.
Advertisement
Advertisement
An SEC spokeswoman declined to comment. Officials had previously said the new guidelines were only meant to improve the resolution process.
Often seen as distractions in the past, shareholder measures have taken on new significance as big asset managers increasingly back those on areas like climate change or board diversity.
Apple cited the SEC's new guidance among other things in seeking to omit the shareholder measures from its proxy, according to letters Apple sent to the SEC.
These include calls for Apple to take steps such as establishing a "human rights committee" to address concerns on topics like censorship, and for Apple to report on its ability to cut greenhouse gas emissions.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
In its letters Apple offers details of why the resolutions are not necessary.
In the case of the measure on greenhouse gas emissions, filed by Jantz Management of Boston, for instance, Apple argues it already has taken many steps to improve the sustainability of its operations such as switching to greener materials and helping suppliers use more renewable energy.
(Reporting by Ross Kerber in Boston. Additional reporting by Stephen Nellis in San Francisco; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
ENGLAND will face Sweden in Samara, Russia, after a nail-biting clash against Colombia on Tuesday – but where is Samara?
England secured a victory over Colombia in an extremely tense Last 16 match. The victory meant England will go up against Sweden on Saturday for a 3pm BST kick-off. The quarter-final World Cup game will take place at the Samara Arena. Now thousands of England fans are thinking: where is Samara and how can I get there? The good news is, you can get there but it is going to be costly. ** Click HERE to find out how to get to Samara **
GETTY WORLD CUP 2018: England and Sweden will play against each other in Samara
Where is Samara? Samara is situated in Samara Oblast, southeast in the European part of Russia. It is the sixth largest city in Russia, and is the administrative centre of Samara Oblast. You can find the city where the Volga and Samara rivers meet. The current population of Samara is 1.17 million.
Samara Arena: England vs Sweden World Cup 2018 quarter-final venue in pictures SAMARA ARENA: Check out the World Cup 2018 venue that will host England vs Sweden on Saturday. 1 / 14 GETTY
GOOGLE LOCATION: Samara is located in the southeastern part of European Russia
To put into context, the city is roughly 2,500 miles away from London, or 650 miles from Moscow. Samara was previously a closed city, but is now an important social, political and industrial hub for the country. It is now home to one of Russia's top engineering institutions, Samara State Aerospace University. Six World Cup matches will be played at the Cosmos Arena in Samara with England v Sweden being the last one.
England at World Cup 2018: Squad snapped back in training day after beating Colombia ENGLAND were back in training today at their Repino base, just a day after beating Colombia in a penalty shootout. 1 / 14 GETTY Marcus Rashford
It usually hosts FC Krylia Sovetov Samara, and has a 44,918 capacity. Built in 2018, it is estimated to have cost a whopping $320million (£242million) to build. If you do travel to Samara for the World Cup there are many places which may interest you. For example, you'll find the Samara Embankment, which, at 3.1 miles, is the longest in Russia.
GETTY SAMARA ARENA: The Cosmos Arena was built in 2018
GETTY EMBANKMENT: The Samara Embankment is the longest in Russia
Health chief, 4 others charged with manslaughter in Flint
FLINT, Mich. (AP) Five people, including the head of Michigan's health department, were charged Wednesday with involuntary manslaughter in an investigation of Flint's lead-contaminated water, all blamed in the death of an 85-year-old man who had Legionnaires' disease.
Nick Lyon is the highest-ranking member of Republican Gov. Rick Snyder's administration to be snagged in a criminal investigation of how Flint's water system became poisoned after officials tapped the Flint River in 2014.
Lyon, 48, the director of the Health and Human Services Department, is accused of failing to alert the majority-black population about an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease in the Flint area, which has been linked by some experts to poor water quality in 2014-15.
If convicted, Lyon could face up to 15 years in prison.
“The health crisis in Flint has created a trust crisis for Michigan government, exposing a serious lack of confidence in leaders who accept responsibility and solve problems,” said state Attorney General Bill Schuette, who said his probe is moving to the trial phase and signaled that Snyder, who has apologized for his administration's failures that led to and prolonged the crisis, may not be charged.
“We only file criminal charges when evidence of probable cause of a crime has been established. And we're not filing charges at this time,” he said.
Lyon also is charged with misconduct in office for allegedly obstructing university researchers who are studying if the surge in cases was linked to the Flint River.
The others are people who were already facing charges. They are: Darnell Earley, who was Flint's emergency manager when the city used the river; Howard Croft, who ran Flint's public works department; Liane Shekter Smith; and Stephen Busch. Shekter Smith and Busch were state environmental regulators.
The state's chief medical officer, Dr. Eden Wells, 54, was charged Wednesday with obstruction of justice and lying to an investigator.
“Dr. Wells vehemently denies the charges,” defense attorney Jerry Lax said.
Other attorneys in the case have not returned calls seeking comment.
Snyder expressed support for Lyon and Wells.
“Some state employees were charged over a year ago and have been suspended from work since that time. They still have not had their day in court. That is not justice for Flint nor for those who have been charged,” he said in a statement. “Director Lyon and Dr. Wells have been and continue to be instrumental in Flint's recovery. They have my full faith and confidence, and will remain on duty at DHHS.”
Flint began using water from the Flint River while under state emergency management, but did not treat it to reduce corrosion. Toxic lead from old plumbing leached into the water system, causing elevated levels in children and leaving residents to drink and bathe with bottled or filtered water.
Some experts also have linked the water to Legionnaires' disease, a type of pneumonia caused by bacteria that thrive in warm water and infect the lungs. People can get sick if they inhale mist or vapor, typically from cooling systems.
There were nearly 100 cases in the Flint area, including 12 deaths, in 2014 and 2015.
Lyon, Croft, Earley, Shekter Smith and Busch are blamed in the death of Robert Skidmore in December 2015. He was admitted to McClaren Flint hospital in June 2015 with symptoms consistent with pneumonia. He died at home six months later.
Lyon was personally briefed in January 2015 but “took no action to alert the public of a deadly” outbreak until nearly a year later, special agent Jeff Seipenko told a judge as the charges were filed.
Lyon has admitted that he was aware of the Legionnaires' outbreak for months but wanted to delay saying anything public until state Health and Human Services Department investigators finished their own probe.
He told state lawmakers that experts likely wanted to “solve the problem” before they raised it with senior officials in the Snyder administration. The investigation, he said, “wasn't one that was easily solved.”
Schuette has now charged 15 current or former government officials in an ongoing probe that began in early 2016, including two emergency managers whom Snyder appointed to run the impoverished city of roughly 100,000 residents, a majority of them African-Americans. The Michigan Civil Rights Commission issued a report in February blaming “systemic racism” going back decades for the problems that caused the water crisis in Flint.
In March, Corrine Miller, the state's former director of disease control, was sentenced to probation and ordered to write an apology to residents after pleading no contest to willful neglect of duty. She is a key cooperating witness for Schuette's team.
The Maharashtra government on Monday made a budgetary provision of Rs 15,000 crore for the farm loan waiver scheme on the first day of the Winter Session of the state's legislative Assembly in Nagpur.
The government made this provision by tabling a proposal of supplementary demand for implementing the loan waiver scheme. The amount of 15,000 crore comes up to more than half of the total supplementary demand proposed, which is Rs 26,402 crore. Of these, a provision of Rs 1,000 crore each has been tabled from the social welfare and tribal development departments, for farmers belonging to Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes.
In the Monsoon Session, the state government tabled a similar proposal for Rs 20,000 crore, which was accepted. The proposal which has been tabled on Monday is also likely to be accepted soon, sources say.
The farm loan waiver is expected to cost the state exchequer an amount of Rs 34,000 crore. The waiver—titled the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Shetkari Sanman Yojana—was announced by Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on 24 June.
But although over five months have passed since the announcement, very few farmers in the state have actually received the benefits of the scheme. On 7 December, the state government announced that an amount of Rs 19,537 crore has been disbursed to banks.
While on 7 December, the government announced that 41 lakh out of 71.11 applications had been validated, only ten days earlier, the corresponding figure was a mere 69,832 applications.
However, the government has increasingly been facing criticism from Opposition parties over the issue. The Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) have repeatedly demanded that the government put the details of the loan waiver online. In a press conference on Sunday, Fadnavis said the government would do so soon.
The NCP organised a Halla Bol march from 1 to 10 December, during which it raised farmers' issues, the loan waiver being prominent among them.
