An employee works on the assembly line of the Nissan Micra at the Renault SA car factory in Flins, near Paris, France, February 23, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
BRUSSELS Sentiment towards the euro zone economy edged down but stayed buoyant in March, signalling faster growth as inflation expectations among businesses and consumers also rose, EU data showed on Thursday.
The European Commission's monthly sentiment survey showed the main index dipped to 107.9 points from 108.0 in February, remaining well above its long-term average of 100.
A Reuters poll had pointed to a slight rise to 108.3 points, but economists remained upbeat about the 19-country bloc's growth prospects.
"While this release may have disappointed somewhat, it is still pointing to strength in economic activity," Bert Colijn, senior economist at ING said.
He noted the figures signalled the first quarter was the bloc's strongest since 2011, in line with predictions of faster economic growth in the first three months of the year.
Questions remained, however, whether that acceleration would extend into the second quarter.
The euro zone's economy grew 0.4 percent in the last three months of 2016 on the quarter, and 1.7 percent on the year. Preliminary estimates on the actual growth in the first quarter will be released by the EU statistics office on May 3.
A separate business confidence indicator released on Thursday by the EU Commission was stable at 0.82 points in March, remaining at the highest level since June 2011 but also below market expectations for an increase to 0.86.
Inflation expectations among consumers and manufacturers went up, adding to signs that price pressures are normalising and fuelling a debate about when the European Central Bank might unwind its monetary stimulus.
The consumer index of price trends over the next 12 months rose to 15.3 points from 14.5 in February, the highest since October 2013, although the pace of the increase slowed down.
"Given that consumers' inflation expectations are rising only slowly, we nevertheless expect the ECB to continue asset purchases throughout the year and into 2018," said Stephen Brown, economist at Capital Economics.
European statistics office Euros tat will on Friday release flash estimates of euro zone inflation for March, with economists polled by Reuters expecting 1.8 percent, down from February's 2 percent and in line with the ECB's mid-term target of below but close to 2 percent.
The indicator for selling price expectations among manufacturers rose to 9.8 points from 9.0 in February, the highest since July 2011.
The slight dip in overall economic sentiment was mainly due to less optimism in the services sector, the largest part of the euro zone economy and whose index dropped to 12.7 from 13.9 points, and in industry, where it fell to 1.2 points from 1.3.
The drop of confidence in the two main economic sectors of the bloc was partially offset by more optimism among consumers, whose reading rose to -5.0 points from -6.2 points in February.
(Additional reporting by Philip Blenkinsop; editing by John Stonestreet)
Luton Borough Council is appealing to its hackney carriage and private hire drivers to attend its last free awareness course about child sexual exploitation (CSE) which will train them to spot the signs of CSE.
Just one training course is left and LBC states it is considering making the training mandatory for all licenced drivers in future and payment may be required.
The free CSE awareness training is taking place on Thursday 22 March at Stockwood Discovery Centre, London Road, Luton, LU1 4LX at 10am, 12.30pm and 2.30pm and is only available to taxi and private hire drivers licensed by Luton Council.
A council spokesman said: “This is the final training session we have planned. After this date the Council will be considering making the training mandatory for all licenced drivers in future and payment may be required.
“There are limited spaces so to book a place, contact licensing services on 01582 546040.”
The 90-minute course is conducted by Children and Young People First and will also provide taxi drivers with advice on how to safeguard their passengers and themselves as well as what they should do to report suspected abuse. They will also be given scenarios that they might find themselves in.
Around 1,000 drivers have voluntarily completed the course and have received a certificate and driver's handbook which contains other useful health and safety advice.
Cllr Mahmood Hussain, portfolio holder for children and young people, said: “It's important that we give our black cabs and private hire drivers the necessary skills to recognise child abuse and the confidence to act on what they have seen or heard. They are our eyes and ears on the roads and with their help we can protect vulnerable children and young people in Luton.
“I would urge drivers to take advantage of this free course as in the near future charges may apply.”
MILAN, April 10 European shares were slightly higher in opening deals on Monday, helped by higher mining and healthcare stocks with Stada surging to a fresh record high after the German drugmaker backed a 5.32 billion euro offers.
By 0709 GMT, the pan-European STOXX 600 index was up 0.1 percent, while the UK's FTSE 100 and Germany's DAX also rose by the same amount.
Stada soared 11 percent, leading gainers on the STOXX index. The company said it had decided to support an offer from Bain Capital and Cinven for 66 euros per share, valuing the company at about 5.32 billion euros.
Top gainer among mining stocks was BHP Billiton, which gained 4.5 percent after hedge fund Elliott Advisors sent directors a plan to unlock value in the mining giant.
Weaker energy stocks and financials capped gains. (Reporting by Danilo Masoni, editing by Kit Rees)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - REDSENSE MEDICAL AB (PUBL):
* UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL CROSSHOUSE IN SCOTLAND TO INSTALL REDSENSE BLOOD LEAKAGE ALARMS Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Britain Football Soccer - Manchester United v Everton - Premier League - Old Trafford - 4/4/17 Manchester United's Luke Shaw and Henrikh Mkhitaryan wait to come on as substitutes as manager Jose Mourinho looks on Reuters / Andrew Yates Livepic
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho said full back Luke Shaw used "his body with my brain" during his side's 1-1 draw with Everton on Tuesday and has urged the England international to develop a better understanding of the game.
Shaw, who was criticised for showing lack of commitment by Mourinho last weekend, was recalled to the squad for the Premier League clash against the Merseyside club at Old Trafford.
The 21-year-old was introduced from the bench in the second half with Manchester United trailing and his stoppage-time shot led to the penalty that Zlatan Ibrahimovic slotted home to earn a share of the points.
"He (Shaw) had a good performance but it was his body with my brain," Mourinho told the British media. "He was in front of me and I was making every decision for him.
"The communication was possible because we were very close. I was thinking for him, when to close inside, when to open, when to press the opponent, I was making every decision for him."
Shaw, a highly rated teenager when he joined United at the start of 2014-15 season, was making just his 16th appearance of the season after dropping down the pecking order under the Portuguese manager.
Mourinho said he wanted Shaw to accelerate his learning process to fulfil his potential at the club.
"At this level we need the fantastic body he has to play football, the very good technical ability he has, but he cannot play with my understanding of the game," the 54-year-old added.
"He must accelerate the process because he is 21 years old and that is old enough to have a better understanding of the game."
Fifth-placed United are on a 20-game unbeaten league run going into their visit to bottom side Sunderland on Sunday.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru)
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
LONDON May 3 Standard Chartered Chairman Jose Vinals said on Wednesday the bank is in talks with regulators in Frankfurt about setting up a subsidiary, to secure market access to the European Union when Britain leaves the bloc.
"We are looking at setting up a subsidiary in the EU to ensure we are prepared," Vinals said at the bank's annual shareholder meeting. (Reporting By Lawrence White; writing by Andrew MacAskill; editing by Simon Jessop)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Tony Hayward, Chairman of Glencore and Genel Energy responds to questions during a panel debate at the Institute of Directors annual convention in London, Britain, September 27, 2016. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo - RTSPZXX
LONDON Genel Energy (GENL.L), the oil producer chaired by former BP boss Tony Hayward, expects to strike a gas-export partnership deal with Turkey Energy Company this year, it said on Thursday, as it tries to overcome setbacks in oil exploration.
Genel slipped further into the red last year after it again downgraded reserves at its flagship oilfield and weak oil prices ate into profits, it said.
The Iraqi Kurdistan-focused company wrote off $779 million (626.96 million pounds) in relation to its exploration assets, leading to an annual operating loss of $1.2 billion after a $1.1 billion operating loss in 2015.
Revenue slipped to $190.7 million, missing a 2016 target of $200 million to $230 million, which it cut twice last year.
Genel announced on Tuesday that reserves at its Taq Taq oilfield had been cut by around 66 percent and that it would suspend the field's full-year production target of 35,000 to 43,000 barrels per day.
Shares in Genel touched an all-time low following the announcement on Tuesday but recouped some losses on Thursday, trading up 8.6 percent by 0829 GMT.
The company is now relying on tapping gas resources at its Miran and Bina Bawi fields in Iraq Kurdistan and Chief Executive Murat Oezguel told Reuters it is likely to sign a partnership deal with government-backed Turkey Energy Company (TEC) this year.
"We have commenced discussions for upstream and midstream with TEC," Oezguel said, adding Genel was holding parallel talks with other big companies, although a deal with TEC was a priority.
Analysts recognised the gas assets as being potentially transformative for the company but were concerned about progress.
"Miran/Bina Bawi continues to hold great potential, but progress is measured, and it may still be some time before it has a significant impact on the share price," said Daniel Slater, analyst at Arden Partners.
Genel's net debt rose to $241.2 million at the end of last year. It said it intends to buy back a minimum of $50 million worth of bonds.
"We do not think the business can support the amount of debt it currently carries, hence a small tender offer this morning," Stifel analysts, who have a "hold" recommendation on the stock, said.
Genel's receivables, debt owed by the Kurdistan Regional Government for oil exports, fell to $253.5 million at the end of the year, compared with $437 million at the end of September.
(Editing by David Evans and Susan Thomas)
(Refiles to correct source link)
April 12 Solekia Ltd
* Says Sasaki Beji will buy shares in Solekia at 5,300 yen per share through takeover bid, instead of 4,500 yen per share
* Offering period is extended to April 28
* Says previous release was disclosed on March 31
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/WGzknI
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BEIJING, April 10 China and Myanmar have reached an agreement on an oil pipeline between the neighbouring countries and the project will open "very quickly", China's vice foreign minister Liu Zhenmin said on Monday.
An oil refinery to receive crude via the pipeline had already been completed near the Southwestern city of Kunming, Liu said. (Reporting by Christian Shepherd. Writing by Dominique Patton)
AIRSHOW-CDB in talks with Boeing, Airbus ahead of Le Bourget
PARIS, June 15 CDB Aviation, the aircraft leasing arm of China Development Bank, is in talks to place orders with both Boeing and Airbus and could complete at least one of the deals by as early as next week's Paris Airshow, two people familiar with the matter said.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Hamilton Bancorp Inc:
* QTRLY NET INTEREST INCOME $3.6 MILLION VERSUS $3.6 MILLION
* QUARTERLY LOSS PER SHARE $0.60 Source text - (bit.ly/2s4rXOu) Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Canadian Oilseed Processors Association said in a release on Friday:
* CANADIAN OILSEED PROCESSORS ASSOCIATION (COPA) SAYS WILL IMMEDIATELY DISCONTINUE WEEKLY CRUSHINGS DATA REPORT
* COPA SAYS IT WILL CONTINUE TO UPDATE ANNUAL AND MONTHLY CANADIAN OILSEED CRUSHING STATISTICS ON WEBSITE (Reporting By Rod Nickel)
April 3 HIDDN SOLUTIONS ASA
* HIDDN SOLUTIONS ASA ACQUIRES FINN CLAUSEN SIKKERHETSSYSTEMER AS
* ENTERED INTO AN AGREEMENT WITH FINN CLAUSEN GRUPPEN AS FOR ACQUISITION OF THEIR 100% OWNED DAUGHTER COMPANY, FINN CLAUSEN SIKKERHETSSYSTEMER AS
* WILL ACQUIRE 100% OF SHARES IN FCS FROM FINN CLAUSEN GRUPPEN AS AT A PURCHASE PRICE OF NOK 11,827,940 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Mar 23, 2017; Austin, TX, USA; Hideki Matsuyama of Japan plays Ross Fisher of England (not pictured) during the second round of the World Golf Classic - Dell Match Play golf tournament at Austin Country Club. Mandatory Credit: Erich Schlegel-USA TODAY Sports
During a normal week on the PGA Tour, Hideki Matsuyama might find himself shadowed by five-to-10 Japanese media outlets tracking his every swing like unofficial scorekeepers.
But the U.S. Masters is no more ordinary a week than world number four Matsuyama is a player, so Augusta National will be swarmed with Japanese coverage documenting golf's best hope of a first ever Asian-born winner at Augusta.
The expectations are a lot to shoulder, even for the sturdy ones of 25-year-old Matsuyama who has reluctantly learned to live with the attention.
"Sometimes I wish I didn't have to report back to (the media) every day," Matsuyama told Reuters through a translator last month at the Arnold Palmer Invitational where he was flanked by reporters after an uneventful second round.
"But we're all family. I'm grateful they're here. They are doing their job and I'm doing mine."
Matsuyama is steadily improving at his craft, but golfing form, like his anonymity on the course, can be elusive.
After earning two wins along with an unofficial victory at Tiger Woods' Hero World Challenge to begin the 2016-17 campaign, Matsuyama has since fought his game and hardly factored over the last month and a half.
"My preparation (for the Masters) is going slowly," Matsuyama said. "I'm not quite where I want to be yet but I'm working toward it."
With four PGA Tour wins and eight on the Japan Golf Tour, Matsuyama has long seemed destined to realise a major victory.
He won the 2010 Asian amateur championship to earn his place at Augusta National in 2011 where he finished in a tie for 27th in his Masters debut.
Matsuyama has since developed a strong rapport with the Masters, finishing fifth in 2015 and tying for seventh last year. It is his exceptional ball-striking ability that translates well at Augusta, and any venue for that matter.
And when Matsuyama is at his best he can dissect a golf course with machine-like precision while flashing his signature move – a backswing featuring a pronounced pause before transitioning forward with effortless strength.
"He's going to be one of the top guys to beat for a very long time," Woods said after watching Matsuyama dominate his tournament in December.
"Look at his swing, look at his game and look at the body that he has. It's built for a workload and it's built to handle the test of time."
Matsuyama's most stern test, though, has always come on the putting green which is the only place he can appear powerless.
Augusta National's undulating greens are the course's greatest defence, and one Matsuyama knows he must solve if he wishes to challenge for a Green Jacket.
"Augusta National is so demanding on and around the greens,” Matsuyama said. “That's where I'm going to put a lot of work in."
(Editing by Frank Pingue)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
South Korea's Naver Corp to open a startup incubator in Paris
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
FILE PHOTO: A Dassault Aviation logo is pictured on the company booth during the European Business Aviation Convention & Exhibition (EBACE) at Cointrin airport in Geneva, Switzerland, May 24, 2016. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/File Photo
PARIS Malaysia, which wants to buy up to 18 combat planes in a deal potentially worth more than $2 billion, is now talking to only one supplier, France's Dassault Aviation, about its Rafale jets, the French government spokesman said on Thursday.
"Negotiations have started. I believe there are now only negotiations with Dassault about the Rafale," Stephane Le Foll told reporters in a briefing after a cabinet meeting.
Pressed by Reuters on whether Dassault was the only manufacturer left in the running, Le Foll said: "There is now only a bilateral negotiation. There is no other operator."
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said on Tuesday that he had discussed the possible purchase of Rafale fighters with Francois Hollande during the French president's visit this week, but the government was not yet ready to make a decision.
Malaysian Defence Minister Hishammuddin Hussein was reported in the media recently as saying the race for new fighter jets had narrowed to the Rafale and the Eurofighter Typhoon, built by Britain's BAE Systems.
Dassault Aviation declined comment on Le Foll's remarks. BAE Systems had no immediate comment.
A source in Malaysia's Defence Ministry said last week that the Rafale was emerging as the frontrunner in the contest.
Malaysia plans to replace the Royal Malaysian Air Force's squadron of Russian MiG-29 combat planes, nearly half of which are grounded.
France struggled for years to secure its first foreign order for the Rafale but, since making a breakthrough with a 2015 deal to sell 24 of the planes to Egypt, it has notched up several other orders for the multi-role combat jet.
In May 2015, France and Qatar concluded a 6.3 billion euro ($6.77 billion) deal for the sale of 24 Rafales and last September, India signed a deal to buy 36 Rafales for around $8.7 billion, the country's first major acquisition of combat planes in two decades.
($1 = 0.9305 euros)
(Reporting by Jean-Baptiste Vey and Adrian Croft in Paris and Paul Sandle in London; editing by John Irish)
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON, June 14 Steve Scalise, the Republican leader wounded in a gunman's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game, is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives.
BOSTON (AP) — Bonzie Colson scored 20 points, Matt Farrell had 19 and No. 25 Notre Dame overcame a 13-point first-half deficit for an 84-76 victory over Boston College on Tuesday night, sending the Eagles to their 10th straight loss.
V.J. Beachem had 16 points and Steve Vasturia added 15 for the Fighting Irish (20-7, 9-5 Atlantic Coast Conference). It is coach Mike Brey's 13th time winning at least 20 games with Notre Dame.
Ky Bowman led Boston College (9-18, 2-12) with 29 points and Mo Jeffers had 12.
BC had sliced it to 78-76 on Bowman's two free throws with just under a minute to play, but Beachem grabbed an offensive rebound and was fouled on the ensuing possession. He hit both free throws with 24.1 seconds to play.
The Fighting Irish trailed by 10 points early in the second half before outscoring BC 21-3 over a 4:50 span.
Consecutive 3s from Farrell 29 seconds apart tied it at 59 before Colson's putback jam on their next possession gave them their first lead of the game with just under 13 minutes to play.
The Eagles had led by 13 points and posted a season-high for a first half with 49 points to open a 10-point lead at intermission. They shot 58.6 percent (17 of 29) and also went 9 for 10 from the free throw line.
BIG PICTURE
Notre Dame: The Fighting Irish need to take advantage of a softer portion of their schedule — with games coming up against North Carolina State, Georgia Tech and another with BC to have a chance to make a run to the top of the ACC.
Boston College: Like a number of games this season, the Eagles showed spunk but couldn't close out a win. With leading scorer Jerome Robinson (19.4) struggling down the stretch, they really looked challenged offensively. He finished with 11 points on 3-of-12 shooting.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Ireland 15 France 13
Johnny Sexton's remarkable drop goal after time helped Ireland win their NatWest 6 Nations opener 15-13 against France in Paris.
60 Seconds
Key moment: France replacement fly-half Anthony Belleau misses a 77th-minute penalty to seal victory in Paris and Ireland run the ball from deep, sniffing a final throw of the dice at 13-12 down.
Remarkably, they retain possession through 41 phases and into the 83rd minute, Johnny Sexton, who had missed a 63rd-minute penalty that was looking like a costly error, steps back into the pocket and launches a long-range drop kick towards the posts from behind the French 10-metre line.
The ball seems to take an age to reach the posts, but it flies between the uprights and Ireland have secured a famous victory.
Talking point: Ireland's 2018 Six Nations campaign is up and running with this opening-day victory. It was close, and defeat would have been disastrous for Irish hopes of regaining the title from England but a win, however, narrow, now gives them crucial momentum to take into next week's home game against Italy.
Key man: Johnny Sexton has to take the plaudits after kicking all his side's points with four penalties and then guiding his Ireland side from under their own posts through 41 phases to give hi the position to kick the match-winning drop goal. Priceless.
Ref watch: Nigel Owens presided over another dramatic victory having refereed an error-strewn rather than ill-disciplined game. He might have reached for a yellow card as France gave away a string of second-half penalties, Sebastien Vahaamahina the main culprit at the breakdown but it stayed 15 a side throughout.
Penalties conceded: France 10 Ireland 6
Injuries: France lost their debutant fly-half Matthieu Jalibert after 30 minutes, the 19-year-old hobbling off with a knee injury after a collision in contact with Bundee Aki.
Ireland then lost flanker Josh van der Flier in the 36th minute to a knee injury as he got stuck at the bottom of a ruck but otherwise appeared to escape further injury. French replacement scrum-half Anthony Dupont was removed for a Head Injury Assessment with four minutes to go.
Next up: Ireland return to Carton House to prepare for next Saturday's visit of Italy to the Aviva Stadium. Conor O'Shea's first Test visit to his homeland will be fraught with difficulty as the Italians have just a six-day turnaround. The Azzurri open their 2018 Six Nations account by hosting defending champions England in Rome's Stadio Olimpico.
Sexton drop goal brings Ireland back from the brink in Six Nations clash with France
Trailing 13-12 thanks to a Teddy Thomas try, Ireland kept their heads through 41 phases of play in order to open up a window for Sexton.
And the fly-half, who scored all of Ireland's points on the night, duly obliged from just inside the France half to earn Ireland the win.
Ireland full-back Rob Kearney hailed the dramatic finish and Sexton's last-gasp drop goal.
“It's quite incredible really. We probably got out of jail a little bit,” the 31-year-old said.
“To build that amount of phases, to keep the ball – the conditions are awful – and then the stones on Johnny at the end was incredible.
“I thought it (the drop goal) was a little short. It went in slow motion and it just crept over.
“We knew it was the last play. He ran off celebrating and we all went along. It was unbelievably special.”
Match-winner Sexton said: “I'm just happy I got another chance. In the last moment something caught my eye and just happy to get another chance to get victory for the boys.
“We've worked so hard for the last two weeks and it's great to be in the position we are now after an away win.”
When asked what he thought of before kicking the winning goal, the fly-half said: “I went back to many years ago when we played Treviso away and I was in an almost identical position and just flashed back to that. Just got there in the end.”
Share it:
Don't Miss
* Company outlines steps for turnaround plan
* Activist investors call plan risky
* Investors also against company's CEO choice
* Co forecast 2018 EPS above estimates
* Shares up as much as 9.4 percent (Adds Rent-A-Center's response to Marcato Capital's letter, updates shares)
April 10 The pressure on Rent-A-Center Inc to auction itself increased on Monday after Marcato Capital joined fellow activist investor Engaged Capital to force the rent-to-own furniture retailer to pursue a sale rather than a "risky" turnaround plan.
Earlier in the day, the company said it would not sell itself, and instead outlined steps to boost profits and said founder Mark Speese, its interim CEO since January, would take over the role full time – moves that have not gone down well with either activist investor.
The company said it plans to boost profit by improving pricing, boosting the number of customers who ultimately own its rented furniture, expanding its e-commerce offerings, selling more high-end products and "rightsizing" its workforce, among other moves. It also forecast 2018 profit well above analysts' expectations.
Rent-A-Center's shares were up 8 percent, adding to their 14 percent gain since mid-February, when Engaged Capital first called for a sale. The company instead pushed its turnaround plan.
Engaged Capital, which has a nearly 13 percent stake in Rent-A-Center, responded by waging a proxy fight to gain control of the board, which it accused of acting based on "personal loyalty" to Speese, who is also chairman. It called the company's latest plan a "high-risk path".
Marcato Capital Management LP, which said it owns 4.9 percent of the company's shares, said it believes Speese "does not intend or desire to be the CEO for the long term."
"If the Board continues to resist a process to review strategic alternatives now, Marcato plans to vote for Engaged's director nominees at the upcoming annual meeting," the hedge fund manager wrote in a letter to Rent-A-Center's board.
The company said Engaged Capital's pursuit of a "quick flip", seeking a sale when its shares were at multi-year lows and while it was in the midst of a turnaround, would "limit the value creation opportunity for all stockholders."
"We are confident that executing the initiatives announced today will drive enhanced stockholder value. The Board will continue to evaluate opportunities with the assistance of its independent financial and legal advisors," a spokesperson for Rent-A-Center told Reuters.
The company said it expects these steps to result in a profit of $1.20-$1.40 per share and sales growth in the low-single digits for 2018.
Analysts on average were expecting a profit of 99 cents per share and sales growth of 2.4 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru, Additional reporting by Gayathree Ganesan; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
LONDON, April 13 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Residents of one of inner London's poorest boroughs have launched a legal challenge against plans to demolish 1,300 flats for low-income families to make way for a 2 billion pounds ($2.5 billion) housing project managed by a private developer.
Residents from Haringey borough said the redevelopment represents the largest single transfer of local government land to the private sector in Britain, where gentrification has changed neighbourhoods at a lightning pace.
The project between Haringey Council and Australian property giant LendLease, will result in apartment blocks and commercial properties being bulldozed to build 5,000 new homes and a new town centre over the next 20 years.
The deal, to be formally signed in July, will create a new private company owned 50-50 by Haringey Council and Lendlease.
Haringey Council Leader Claire Kober said the project would create thousands of new homes and jobs with the council committing to do its "utmost" to allow existing tenants to return to a new home on the site on similar rents and terms.
But Gordon Peters, one complainant in the legal case, said the council was "gambling" on a project that lacks community backing and may not be economically viable in the uncertainty sparked by Britain's decision to leave the European Union.
"Our argument is they've jumped the gun," he said, referring to the council's announcement of the deal last month.
"They (the council) are saying (the project) doesn't have to be voted on," Peters told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. "There's a very strong case for challenging that."
Alan Strickland, Haringey Council's head of housing, said residents would be consulted.
"No land will transfer without prior consultation with local residents and businesses, as well as going through the usual planning processes," Strickland told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
LendLease did not respond to requests for comment.
London's state-funded social housing blocks, leased at below-market rates, have become flashpoints in the capital's housing crisis.
Mainly built in the 1960s and 1970s, local authorities have razed many of the concrete high-rises to erect modern developments.
Residents in Haringey said they feared the area could follow the example set by LendLease's redevelopment of a housing block in south London's Elephant and Castle neighbourhood where more than 90 percent of social housing was lost.
Michael Edwards, professor of planning at University College London, said rising inflation after the Brexit vote could result in a crisis comparable to the early 1990s, when massive developments went bankrupt.
He said the project should be abandoned as the joint venture with LendLease did not allow for Haringey council to veto any of its plans and is therefore not able to make any strong promises about outcomes.
Earlier this week official figures showed inflation almost gnawed away the growth in British workers' pay during the three months to February, the clearest evidence yet that households are feeling the strain of rising prices as Brexit negotiations begin. ($1 = 0.7988 pounds) (Reporting by Matthew Ponsford, Editing by Katie Nguyen; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
AMSTERDAM Netherlands captain Arjen Robben believes he and experienced teammate Wesley Sneijder should be given a role in helping to find a replacement for former national team coach Danny Blind, who was sacked at the weekend.
"We have been in the team for the last 14 years and have told the KNVB (Dutch football association) that we want to be part of the process," the Bayern Munich winger told reporters after a 2-1 friendly defeat to Italy in Amsterdam on Tuesday.
"We have built up the right experience with coaches over the years and we know what this squad needs and we think we also have a good idea who would fit in with the group."
As captain, the 33-year-old said he had a responsibility to keep playing as the Netherlands struggle for form and are in danger of missing out on next year's World Cup.
"I am the first point of contact between the association and the players. I have no plans to stop. That's why Wesley and I want to be involved in the process," he told Dutch NOS television.
Louis van Gaal has emerged as the media favourite to return to the helm of a team he led to the semi-finals of the 2014 World Cup in Brazil but Robben said he did not want to discuss individual candidates.
"I would have Van Gaal high on my list but it is too early to start mentioning specific names."
The KNVB are looking for a replacement for Blind, who was fired on Sunday after a 2-0 loss in Bulgaria last week left the Netherlands in fourth place in their World Cup qualifying group, six points off the pace.
"These last days have been tumultuous. We did not see any of it coming. It is unbelievable how quickly things can change in the space of 24 hours," added Robben in reaction to the sacking.
Robben, with 90 caps, and 32-year-old Sneijder are the most experienced players in a relatively young Dutch squad.
Sneijder won his 128th cap on Tuesday as a late substitute and is now just two behind Edwin van der Sar's record number of Dutch international appearances.
The Netherlands play three more internationals this season, with friendlies against Morocco on May 31, the Ivory Coast on June 4 and then a World Cup qualifier at home to Luxembourg on June 9.
A new coach is expected to be named before those games.
(Reporting by Mark Gleeson; Editing by John O'Brien)
April 10 Australian shares rose to a near two-year high on Monday, bucking regional weakness, as higher oil and metal prices helped offset concerns over growing geopolitical tensions after U.S. missile strikes on Syria.
The S&P/ASX 200 index rose 39.31 points or 0.7 percent to 5,901.7 by 0304 GMT.
Shares of oil producers rose as crude prices extended gains, supported by strong demand and political uncertainty in Syria.
Top aides to U.S. President Donald Trump differed on Sunday on where U.S. policy on Syria was headed after last week's attack on a Syrian air base, while U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned the strikes were a warning to other nations, including North Korea.
"Energy and material stocks have got some support from strong commodity prices," said Tony Farnham, economist at Paterson Securities.
"Now the focus would shift to economic indicators such as the Australian business survey numbers" he added.
The benchmark energy index climbed 0.8 percent to its highest in 19 months, with shares of WorleyParson gaining 3.4 percent and Oil Search Ltd rising 1.2 percent.
Higher nickel and aluminium prices supported the material sector. Large cap miner BHP Billiton hit its highest in nearly three weeks, while nickel miner Western Areas Ltd was up 0.4 percent.
Financials, the biggest index constituent also rose with the 'Big Four' banks gaining between 0.6 percent and 1.05 percent.
"We are looking ahead to the reporting season of the Australian banks, three of them at least," said Ric Spooner, Chief market strategist at CMC markets.
"People now would be a bit wary of selling the banks too much as we are anticipating that there will be some pretty good results," he added.
New Zealand shares were little changed with the benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index steady at 7,250.17 points at 0218 GMT..
Gains in consumer staples were offset by losses in industrial and real estate stocks.
Honey producer Comvita Ltd
April 5 Abzena Plc:
* Says intention to undertake a placing to raise about 25 mln stg to expand further its service offering, capacity and capabilities Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
UPDATE 1-Paris picked by South Korea's Naver for new startup incubator
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
March 31Suzhou China Create Special Material Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 40 percent to 80 percent, or to be 10.0 million yuan to 12.8 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 7.1 million yuan
* The reasons for the forecast are increased gross profit of appearance composite material for household appliance and contribution from unit's factoring business
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/5ZROmd
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Shenzhen Centralcon Investment Holding Co Ltd:
* SAYS UNIT WINS LAND AUCTION FOR 432.2 MILLION YUAN ($68.81 million) Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2EbrM8X Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.2810 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
BAMAKO A subsidiary of UK mining firm Hummingbird Resources (HUMR.L) is on course to start production at an $88 million (£68.1 million) open cast gold mine in Mali this year, its director and Mali's Minister for Mines told Reuters.
The Komana mine south of the capital Bamako is operated by the Société des Mines de Komana (SMK) and has proven reserves of 700,000 ounces, or around 20 tonnes, in its mine plan and an all-in production cost of $695 per ounce.
It is expected to produce 132,000 ounces during the first year of its seven-year life span but Hummingbird business development manager Robert Monro said on Tuesday total resources stood at 2.2 million ounces and there was scope for further development and underground mining.
Mali is Africa's third largest gold producer after South Africa and Ghana and the country produced 50.9 tonnes last year. The commodity contributes around 25 percent of government revenue.
"The aim is to mine the first gold in the last third of 2017," said SMK director Saidou Ide. Mines Minister Tiémoko Sangaré told Reuters on Monday after a visit to Komana that production would start in December.
Komana, which is also called the Yanfolila project, is an important project for London-listed Hummingbird, a small miner that founded the Dugbe project in Liberia but decided against developing it because of low gold prices in 2013, Monro said.
"It (Komana) is integral to our business, our primary focus. We need to deliver on Komana and continue delivering on it and we will be looking to increase the mine life," he said, adding that the company also envisaged developing Dugbe later, although costs there were higher.
Up to 1,300 artisanal miners from Mali work at the Komana site on a seasonal basis and some have been moved from the first pit to a different area after negotiations, he said, adding that the artisanal miners extract up to 2,000 ounces per year.
Hummingbird owns 80 percent of the company while the rest is held by the Malian state. Debt finance for the project was agreed last month with Coris Bank International, which is based in Burkina Faso.
(Additional reporting and writing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg; Editing by Louise Heavens)
April 28 Cp All Pcl:
* With reference to news about acquisition of 7-eleven business in indonesia, co clarifies that it is not involved in this regard Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus arrives at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, U.S. April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Thayer
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence arrives at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, U.S. April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Thayer
House Speaker Paul Ryan holds a news conference following a House of Representatives conference meeting on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S. April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Thayer
U.S. Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Director Mick Mulvaney and U.S. Vice President Mike Pence (R) arrive at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, U.S. April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Thayer
WASHINGTON A U.S. House of Representatives vote to overhaul Obamacare before lawmakers leave Washington for a two-week break looked unlikely late on Tuesday as top White House deputies and key Republican groups said more discussions were needed.
Vice President Mike Pence and administration officials met on Capitol Hill for two hours with lawmakers from the moderate "Tuesday Group," the conservative Republican Study Committee, and the House Freedom Caucus, the rebel group of conservative lawmakers that derailed the first administration-backed healthcare bill last month.
While progress had been made, the officials and House lawmakers said no bill text had been agreed on and no decisions had been made by the various Republican factions.
The lack of a resolution complicates a White House push for a House vote on a healthcare proposal before Friday, when lawmakers return to their districts for two weeks.
“Good talk, good progress,” Pence told reporters without providing details.
Freedom Caucus leader Mark Meadows said the meeting had focused on an amendment to create a "backstop" to ensure individuals with chronic illnesses in high-risk pools do not see spikes in insurance premium costs if other aspects of Obamacare, also known as the 2010 Affordable Care Act, are repealed.
“No decisions were made. We're going to get back together tomorrow at a time to be determined,” Meadows told reporters.
Republican Study Committee Chairman Mark Walker said the focus when talks resumed would be on sticking points such as whether to allow states to opt out of Obamacare mandates that insurers must cover a minimum tier of services and cannot charge more to those with pre-existing conditions - a popular provision of the law that Trump has promised to protect.
LEGISLATIVE TEST
The Republican failure last month to dismantle Obamacare was President Donald Trump's first major legislative setback and it raised questions about how he would build Republican consensus to deliver on other major legislative goals.
Many Republicans were elected on promises to repeal and replace Obamacare but House Speaker Paul Ryan was forced to withdraw the bill when it became clear there were not enough Republican votes to pass it.
Hard-line conservatives, such as those in the Freedom Caucus, thought it was too similar to former Democratic President Barack Obama's signature healthcare law. Moderate conservatives balked at proposed changes to some of its most popular provisions that were sought by conservative lawmakers.
Trump initially said he would move on to fulfilling other campaign promises such as a tax overhaul and infrastructure-spending package, but a new attempt at reviving the failed healthcare push took off on Monday when White House officials met Republican lawmakers.
A source familiar with internal House Republican deliberations said healthcare, not taxes, now topped the House agenda and that the White House was driving the healthcare effort.
"They want to get this done as quickly as possible," Meadows told reporters after Tuesday's meeting.
Republican lawmakers have said the new push on healthcare would maintain Obamacare's essential health benefits clause listing services and care that insurers must cover. However, in a move to attract hard-line conservatives, states could apply for a waiver if they showed it would improve coverage and reduce costs.
The "backstop" for individuals in the high-risk pool discussed on Tuesday would direct additional funds to a $115 billion state stability fund authorized in the first Republican bill. No final decision was made, even though there was consensus, lawmakers said.
"We're taking our time and working through policy and structure until we reach consensus," said Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady.
"Let's let the solution and common ground drive the timetable, rather than the other way. That was really the consensus," he said.
Ryan told reporters after a closed meeting with fellow Republicans on Tuesday morning that the renewed healthcare effort was simply in the "conceptual stage right now," and did not give a timeline for having a bill on the House floor.
Talk of a revived plan hurt shares of hospitals and insurers that have benefited from Obamacare's expansion of the Medicaid program for the poor, which extended insurance to millions of people and helped cut hospital debt.
Major hospital and medical groups, including the American Medical Association, were opposed to the initial Republican bill because it would lead to massive coverage losses and cuts in hospital revenue.
(Additional reporting by Richard Cowan and Doina Chiacu; Writing by Amanda Becker and Alistair Bell; Editing by Jonathan Oatis, Bill Trott and Paul Tait)
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WJBF) – It took three days and lots of complaints before President Trump named the hate groups involved in the Charlottesville rally that turned deadly.
“We condemn in the strongest possible terms the egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides,” said President Donald Trump a day after the incident.
Complaints spread across the country and even showed up in his own party after Donald Trump addressed the incidents in Charlottesville. The biggest problem? He was too slow to speak and he didn't go far enough.
NewsChannel 6 sat down with Craig Albert, Associate Professor of Political Science, to discuss what went wrong.
“Blue collar working individuals might confuse when he's saying white nationalist or white supremacy with just being white. And so he's not saying that because he doesn't want to lose the white vote.”
Augusta University's Craig Albert told us research shows naming groups, like Trump did with radical Islamic extremists such as ISIS during the campaign trail, helps fuel those groups and grow their numbers.
But Trump took that risk. And the risk of what Albert says are potential votes.
“Those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs. Including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups.”
But Albert added that the problem with Charlottesville was the people legally protesting were set up for failure.
He said, “The police weren't there in any high number. There wasn't proper barricades preventing counterprotesters from engaging with one another. So there were some serious tactical decisions that led to the tragedies as well.”
Augusta Alt-Right took part in to Unite the Right protest and issued this statement:
The mayor of Charlottesville, the Governor of Virginia, and the Chief of police unconstitutionally and in violation of a federal court order removed peaceful demonstrators from their permitted location. They forced us into the arms of those determined to commit violence against us, simply for our political views. The police refused to protect innocent demonstrators, and looked the other way while anarchists assaulted them with cement filled water bottles, bear spray, and bricks.
“Hateful speech is allowed in the United States even if we don't like it. If it bothers us to our core. It's allowed. Hate speech that targets others or incites violence or is likely to cause criminal activity is not allowed,” Albert added.
As for condemning the groups now, Albert said Trump could get some major support, even democratic support after coming forward and naming those groups. But he said he's started a battle with white nationalists and we may see a blowback from them moving forward.
Stoke City captain Ryan Shawcross will be offered a new contract to extend his stay at the club, manager Mark Hughes has said amid concerns over the centre back's future.
The British media reported that Shawcross, a key figure in Stoke's defensive line, attracted interest from Newcastle who are preparing for a return to the Premier League next season.
"There's not an issue, not from our point of view. We certainly want to keep Ryan here if we can," Hughes told reporters.
"We don't usually enter into negotiations until there are 12 months to go.
"Sometimes that can help the players, because sometimes more power goes to the player the closer you get to the end. There are two ways to look at it."
Shawcross, who will enter the final year of his contract next season, was signed from Manchester United on a permanent deal in 2008 after a season-long loan spell under former manager Tony Pulis.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
April 28 Uni-pixel Inc
* Uni-Pixel inc- taken delivery of a new coating system for application of its diamond guard™ glass replacement resin compound
* Uni-Pixel inc- system is scheduled for installation in May 2017 and is expected to commence production in june 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 10 South Africa's Competition Commission:
* Referred ten more charges against Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha Ltd to tribunal for adjudication
* Relates to price fixing, market division and collusive tendering practices involving transportation of cars produced by Toyota South Africa Motors, by sea
* Is seeking administrative penalties of 10% of company's annual turnover for each of additional ten charges Source Text ID: (file:///C:/Users/u6026132/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-1615 328321/Body.Html)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - CROWDSOFT TECHNOLOGY AB:
* GETS ABOUT SEK 52 MILLION IN SHARE ISSUE AFTER ACQUISITION OF FLOWSCAPE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
THE insurance industry posted an 11.1 percent growth in premium income during the first half of 2017, with all the sectors posting expansion during the period, regulators said on Monday.
Data from the Insurance Commission placed the industry's total premium income at P117.29 billion from January to June, up from P105.52 billion in 2016.
“It should be recalled that during the first half of 2016, the insurance sector experienced a 9.11 percent decline in premium income to P105.52 billion from P116.11 billion posted during the same period in 2015.
”This year, however, the insurance industry posted a positive growth in terms of premiums generated as early as the first half of the year,” Insurance Commissioner Dennis Funa said in a statement released on Monday. MAYVELIN U. CARABALLO
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
DUBAI, April 5 Crude oil prices near one-month highs and a slightly more upbeat mood in global shares on the back of a bounce in Chinese shares may help carry stock markets in the Gulf higher on Wednesday.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose 0.4 percent with Shanghai and Hong Kong leading the region.
Brent crude hit its highest level since March 8 on the previous day, and extended the gains in early trade on Wednesday, up 0.6 percent at $54.48 a barrel at 0530 GMT.
Petrochemical shares in Saudi Arabia, which make up roughly one-fifth of the total stock market value, may outperform helping lift the index, which last closed at 6,986 points, to test the immediate short-term resistance at Sunday's peak of 7,029 points.
Meanwhile Dubai's index may close higher for a sixth consecutive session, if buying momentum continues to build. Shares of telecommunication operator Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company may weigh on the index as its shares go ex-dividend on Wednesday.
In Abu Dhabi, shares of Sharjah Insurance go ex-dividend. In Saudi Arabia, shares of agriculture firm Jazan Development go ex-dividend. (Reporting by Celine Aswad; Editing by Sunil Nair)
April 20 Buffalo Wild Wings Inc said on Thursday that it had turned down activist shareholder Marcato Capital Management's offer to withdraw its board nominees if the restaurant chain replaced Chief Executive Sally Smith.
Hedge fund Marcato, which said it owned a 6.1 percent stake in Buffalo Wild Wings, launched a proxy fight in February, nominating four directors for the nine-member board.
Marcato began to agitate for changes last July, saying Buffalo Wild Wings did not franchise out enough restaurants and citing concerns about the board's lack of experience in the restaurant industry.
One of Marcato's nominees, Kraft Food veteran Sam Rovit, is also part of Buffalo Wild Wings slate.
Marcato also wanted its founder Mick McGuire and Rovit named to Buffalo Wild Wings' board for withdrawing its nominations, the company said in a regulatory filing. (bit.ly/2oOiyaj)
"The status quo is unacceptable – oversight and accountability must be restored and CEO Sally Smith must be replaced," McGuire said in a statement on Thursday.
Buffalo Wild Wings' annual meeting is expected in May.
The company's shares were up 3.4 percent at $159.80 on Thursday in morning trade. (Reporting by Jessica Kuruthukulangara in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
ANKARA, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Turkey will introduce incentives and tax cuts in manufacturing and export industries, research and development, innovation and design to boost economic activity and increase savings, the finance minister said.
Incentives presented to parliament on Friday included tax cuts for new employment and new machinery equipment purchases for companies, as well as reduced consumption tax on purchases of new cars by people whose vehicles are more than 16 years old.
“The measures we are taking are introducing comprehensive and strong incentive mechanisms to boost employment, economic activity and savings,” Finance Minister Naci Agbal was quoted as saying in the bill seen by Reuters.
Total automobile sales in 2018 are expected to be between 925,000 and 975,000, it also said. More than a third of the total 22.2 million cars in Turkey are older than 16 years, sector analysts say.
Turkey's first nuclear power plant Akkuyu, being built by Russia's Rosatom, will also benefit from the incentives, Agbal said. The second nuclear plant Sinop, to be constructed by a Japanese consortium, will also be included. (Reporting by Nevzat Devranoglu; Writing by Ece Toksabay; Editing by Dominic Evans)
April 28 UBS Group Ag
* CFO says expects wealth management cross-border outflows to continue this year at same level as last year, with peak in Q4
* CFO says expect profits in Swiss business to decrease from current levels, expects quarterly pre-tax profit in short- to medium-term to be in region of 350 million Swiss francs
* CEO says bank remains committed to strategy and returns policy
* CFO says expects optimism to continue showing in heightened U.S. transaction activity
* CEO says no updates on situation with U.S. Department of Justice on settlement of RMBS matter
* CEO says will decide on future of banks' British operations in response to Brexit towards end of summer, beginning of fall
* CEO says looking at other potential locations besides sites in Frankfurt and Spain as possibilities for the bank's new European Union hub
* CEO says Britain not helping industry to keep jobs in London, do see forced to possibly trigger contingency plans
* CEO says have to be realistic that French election still an open item, have seen rapid changes in voter sentiment
* CFO says hard to assess impact of U.S. administration's provisional tax plan due to a "complete lack of detail" Further company coverage: (Reporting by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Refiles to media clients to change slug)
BERLIN, March 30 German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Thursday that negotiations about Britain's exit from the European Union would be tough before getting easier.
"The Brexit negotiations with the United Kingdom that the European Union will lead for us won't be easy - some people know the saying that ... things will get difficult before they get easier again - that applies to these talks," said Gabriel.
Gabriel also said that the EU's remaining 27 states expected Britain to keep to its financial obligations.
"There is in no discount for Britons in the Brexit talks," he said.
Media reports have suggested Britain may have to pay some 50 billion to 60 billion pounds ($62 billion to $74 billion) to honour existing EU budget commitments as it negotiates its departure from the bloc.
However, Britain's Brexit minister David Davis said earlier he did not expect this to be the case and added that the time of huge sums being paid to Brussels was coming to an end.
Gabriel also said he expected Brexit negotiations to start from the end of May and reiterated that London would not be able to enjoy the benefits of the EU's single market while imposing its own controls on immigration.
"We have always rightly stressed that the single market is not an la carte menu - its four freedoms are inseparable and that includes the freedom of movement of people ... London has understood that," he said.
Gabriel also stressed in his speech that he wanted Germany to remain on good terms with Britain. "We must stay friends ... maybe apart from when we are on the football pitch." ($1 = 0.8020 pounds) (Reporting by Madeline Chambers and Michelle Martin; Editing by Toby Davis)
The view of the rising moon during a partial lunar eclipse is distorted by hot air rising from a chimney stacks of an electric power station in Delimara, outside the village of Marsaxlokk, Malta. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
JOHANNESBURG, April 3 South Africa's president faces a confrontation with senior members of the ruling African National Congress and the country's currency has plunged after the country's finance minister was sacked, a move that threatens to split the ANC.
The rand fell about 2 percent to the dollar and government bonds weakened on Monday following President Jacob Zuma's dismissal on Friday of the internationally respected Pravin Gordhan.
The firing drew public criticism from Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa, ANC Secretary General Gwede Mantashe and Treasurer-General Zweli Mkhize before Monday's regular meetings of the party leadership.
Analysts suggest those meetings could set up a showdown between Zuma and some of the party's leaders. If so, Zuma still has the support of Chairwoman Baleka Mbete and Deputy Secretary-General Jessie Duarte, marking a split down the middle among the party's "Top Six" leaders, sources said.
An important signal will be whether the party calls for an early meeting of its National Executive Committee (NEC). The committee is the only body that can remove the leader of the party, other than its party congress, which occurs only every five years.
In November, Zuma defeated a no-confidence vote at a meeting of the executive committee, which was called after an anti-graft agency asked for an investigation of alleged influence-peddling by the wealthy Gupta family, whom Zuma has called his friends. Zuma and the Guptas have denied any wrongdoing.
Any such meeting by the NEC "is the much more important event for markets to focus on," Nomura analyst Peter Attard Montalto said. (Reporting by James Macharia, editing by Larry King)
The Arizona Cardinals are likely to make over their group of receivers in 2018. Larry Fitzgerald will be back, provided he does not retire, but John Brown, Jaron Brown and Brittan Golden will be free agents in a month. It is uncertain whether or not the Cardinals will try and bring back any of them.
One player they have under contract for several more seasons is Chad Williams, the Cardinal's third-round draft pick a season ago. His rookie season was nothing to remember. He appeared in only seven games and caught three passes.
But according to teammate John Brown, Williams is ready to take some big steps in 2018.
Chad ready to be a number 2 dude a beast he will be a number 1 pretty quick https://t.co/mjtatndiQn — Smokey Brown (@Jwalk_back12) February 2, 2018
Williams' development would be a boon to a receiver room that took a lot of criticism last season. Fitzgerald himself had 109 receptions, but that was more catches than the rest of the receivers on the team combined.
Arizona is not expected to bring back any of their free agent receivers. They reportedly have only three of their own free agents whom they would like to re-sign.
If Williams can be a legitimate No. 2 in 2018 and develop into a No. 1 soon, Arizona will be in solid shape moving forward.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
It's super-tempting to just write about the silly stuff and lighter fare that often makes up the bulk of this column, from logo redesigns to answering mailbags not intended for me.
But while I'm nobody, I don't feel comfortable having any sort of forum to talk about sports without weighing in on the NFL protests.
Let me not bury the lede. I absolutely, full-throatedly support the NFL players protests. 100%.
It's important to understand a few things, I think. The first is that no NFL players stood for the anthem before 2009. Before that, all teams stayed in the locker room until after the anthem for nearly every game.
It wasn't until 2009 that the U.S. Military started paying the NFL to turn pregame into a hugely patriotic campaign, with those field-sized flags, jet flyovers, and players on the field for the anthem.
Unless you are mad at the players for not charging out on the field before 2009 with hand on heart, refusing to stay in the locker room for the anthem, you are essentially objecting to the kneeling players' reaction to an ad campaign.
Then there's the charge that, by kneeling in front of the flag, they are disrespecting the military.
As outspoken as some players have been, I haven't heard one bash the military.
That's because their protests have absolutely nothing to do with the military. It has to do with a lot of things, such as a society and national police force increasingly hostile to blacks, and where it seems that cops can murder unarmed blacks at will inasmuch as no cop ever gets convicted of doing so anymore.
That's what Black Lives Matter has set out to address. It hasn't been a play for black supremacy or a call to violence no matter what your racist fever dreams tell you or forwards from your fishing buddies say.
The open season on blacks, especially by cops, is perceived by the protesters (correctly, in my opinion) as symptomatic of a larger, institutional problem society has, which makes the anthem a perfectly reasonable time and place to lodge that (silent, peaceful) protest.
So it boggles my mind that so many people seem to be arguing, "Troops died for your right to protest — how dare you use it!"
It boggles my mind that people can call these players millionaire ingrates while having nothing to say about either the billionaire, pension-raiding plutocrats that employ them or the fact that the players are trying to bring attention to the plights of less fortunate blacks than them.
It boggles my mind that NBA Commissioner Adam Silver, with a single press conference, went from most righteous league commissioner to most reprehensible by mandating that players stand for the anthem. I hope to God a player too good to cut challenges him on that every single game night.
The election of Donald Trump has opened up a torrent of divisiveness, nastiness, racism, and authoritarianism to such an extent that I don't know if we're going to come out of it as good as we were (relatively) before Trump.
So keep fighting your fight, big or small, NFL player or not.
March 31 M1 Kliniken AG:
* Dividend should be 30 cents per share as in previous year
* During reporting period preliminary annual net income was 5,455,893.52 euros ($5.82 million), with earnings per share of 0.36 euros
* In 2017 M1 group will continue to invest in quality of services. Company aims to increase sales by 20% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9367 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
SYDNEY QBE Insurance Group will move its European base from London to the continent because of uncertainty in accessing the European market after Brexit, the chairman of Australia's largest international insurer said on Wednesday.
"We need to prepare our business for this reality, and we are doing so on the assumption the existing access arrangements enjoyed by UK domiciled insurers to the other 27 European Union countries will not be preserved," Marston Becker told shareholders at QBE's annual general meeting in Sydney.
A QBE spokesman said no announcement had been made as to where the company planned to relocate and declined to comment further.
The Sydney-based insurer employs over 14,500 people worldwide, including around 1,950 across 16 European countries. Its European division based in London accounted for more than $4 billion in gross written premiums in 2016.
Britain's decision to trigger article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty starting the country's formal two-year countdown to leave the European Union has caused political and economic uncertainty, with the financial services industry expected to be one of the heaviest hit. Several global banks and other financial services groups have indicated they may leave or curtail operations in Britain.
Becker warned that while the impact of Brexit on the British economy was not clear, the company's move would impact its QBE Insurance Europe Limited business, QBE Reinsurance and its Lloyd's business operations.
"We are well-advanced with our plans and negotiations for the establishment of a new location for our EU business, he said. "We expect to have a solution in place for 2018 renewals."
Becker, whose company launched a three-year A$1 billion ($750.6 million) share buy-back initiative in February, said global conditions for the insurance industry seemed more favourable with regards to investment returns in the coming year, as central banks move away from low interest rates and monetary stimulus packages.
However, he warned that anti-globalisation and other political upheavals were becoming more of a factor in industry decisions.
(Reporting by Benjamin Weir; Editing by Jane Wardell and Muralikumar Anantharaman)
UPDATE 1-Paris picked by South Korea's Naver for new startup incubator
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
April 3 Toyota Motor North America Inc:
* Toyota Motor North America Inc reported its u.s. March 2017 sales of 215,224 units, a decrease of 2.1 percent from March 2016 on a volume basis
* "In March, luxury utility vehicles continued to move off dealer lots"
* With the same number of selling days in March 2017 compared to March 2016, sales were down 2.1 percent on a DSR basis Source text: (toyota.us/2nwjHPO) Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
April 6 West High Yield Why Resources Ltd :
* West High Yield announces private placement
* West High Yield Why - is proposing to complete non-brokered private placement of up to $1.5 million of units each unit shall be issued at a price of $0.30 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON Japan's Shinzo Abe called on Prime Minister Theresa May to ensure a smooth transition for business as the United Kingdom leaves the European Union, to avoid a cliff edge where rules and regulations for firms change overnight.
A day after talks with May at her country residence at Chequers outside London, the leader of the world's third largest economy made clear his concerns over Brexit while also underlining his long-term commitment to the United Kingdom.
Japanese companies including carmaker Nissan and conglomerate Hitachi have invested more than 40 billion pounds ($52 billion) in the United Kingdom. Japanese companies employ a total of 140,000 people in the country.
"When the UK leaves the EU, if the rules change overnight, there will be a concern about a possible confusion arising," Abe told reporters in London.
Abe added that he wanted the UK to prioritise "a smooth and transparent process including setting a transition period."
The outcome of the Brexit negotiations will shape the future of Britain's $2.6 trillion (2.01 trillion pounds) economy, the world's fifth biggest, and determine whether London can keep its place as one of the top two global financial centres.
Since the shock June 23 Brexit vote, Japan has expressed unusually strong public concerns about the impact of Brexit on the United Kingdom, the second most important destination for Japanese investment after the United States.
May has said she wants what she calls a "phased implementation" for Brexit, though she has two years of complicated negotiations ahead with 27 other members of the European Union over how that would work.
While many diplomats and chief executives say they expect a Brexit divorce deal to be struck, there are thousands of complicated trade, financial and other regulations which need to be clarified to ensure trade is not interrupted when the United Kingdom leaves at the end of March 2019.
And though leaders have repeatedly said it would be in the economic and security interests of both the United Kingdom and the European Union to strike a deal, there is concern in financial markets that the talks could be derailed by politics.
"Japan supports a strong UK and a strong Europe," Abe said. "It is necessary that the firm solidarity of Europe as a whole is maintained while ensuring a smooth and successful Brexit," Abe said.
After talks with Abe on Friday, May said she wanted to ensure "the UK remains the best place in Europe to run and grow a business, whether it's one operating at home or abroad."
May mentioned SoftBank's purchase of Britain's most valuable technology company ARM, Nissan's commitment to build the new Qashqai model at their plant in Sunderland and Toyota's 240 million pound investment in Derby as evidence that Japanese business was confident about Brexit.
May has said she wants a Brexit deal which will enable Nissan and other automakers to flourish in Britain, and last year the Japanese company said it had received assurances allowing it to increase production at its plant in Sunderland, northeast England.
(Editing by Alistair Smout and Toby Chopra)
BRIEF-United Insurance Holdings previews Q2-2017 catastrophe losses
* United Insurance Holdings - estimated net retained catastrophe losses incurred during Q2 ending June 30, 2017 of about $20 million before income taxes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
An illustration picture shows the logo of the U.S. National Security Agency on the display of an iPhone in Berlin, June 7, 2013. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski
WASHINGTON The U.S. National Security Agency collected more than 151 million records of Americans' phone calls last year, even after Congress limited its ability to collect bulk phone records, according to an annual report issued on Tuesday by the top U.S. intelligence officer.
The report from the office of Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats was the first measure of the effects of the 2015 USA Freedom Act, which limited the NSA to collecting phone records and contacts of people U.S. and allied intelligence agencies suspect may have ties to terrorism.
It found that the NSA collected the 151 million records even though it had warrants from the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance court to spy on only 42 terrorism suspects in 2016, in addition to a handful identified the previous year.
The NSA has been gathering a vast quantity of telephone "metadata," records of callers' and recipients' phone numbers and the times and durations of the calls - but not their content - since the September 11, 2001, attacks.
The report came as Congress faced a decision on whether to reauthorize Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA), which permits the NSA to collect foreign intelligence information on non-U.S. persons outside the United States, and is scheduled to expire at the end of this year.
Privacy advocates have argued that Section 702 permits the NSA to spy on Internet and telephone communications of Americans without warrants from the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, and that foreign intelligence could be used for domestic law enforcement purposes in a way that evades traditional legal requirements.
The report said that on one occasion in 2016, the FBI obtained information about an American in response to a search of Section 702 data intended to produce evidence of a crime not related to foreign intelligence.
The report did not address how frequently the FBI obtained information about Americans while investigating a foreign intelligence matter, however.
On Friday, the NSA said it had stopped a form of surveillance that allowed it to collect the digital communications of Americans who mentioned a foreign intelligence target in their messages without a warrant.
TRUMP'S ALLEGATIONS
The new report also came amid allegations, recently repeated by U.S. President Donald Trump, that former President Barack Obama ordered warrantless surveillance of his communications and that former national security adviser Susan Rice asked the NSA to unmask the names of U.S. persons caught in the surveillance.
Both Republican and Democratic members of the congressional intelligence committees have said that so far they have found no evidence to support either allegation.
Officials on Tuesday argued that the 151 million records collected last year were tiny compared with the number collected under procedures that were stopped after former NSA contractor Edward Snowden revealed the surveillance program in 2013.
Because the 151 million would include multiple calls made to or from the same phone numbers, the number of people whose records were collected also would be much smaller, the officials said. They said they had no breakdown of how many individuals' phone records were among those collected.
In all, according to the report, U.S. officials unmasked the names of fewer Americans in NSA eavesdropping reports in 2016 than they did the previous year, the top U.S. intelligence officer reported on Tuesday.
The report said the names of 1,934 "U.S. persons" were "unmasked" last year in response to specific requests, compared with 2,232 in 2015, but it did not identify who requested the names or on what grounds.
Officials said in the report that U.S. intelligence agencies had gone out of their way to make public more information about U.S. electronic eavesdropping.
"This year's report continues our trajectory toward greater transparency, providing additional statistics beyond what is required by law," said Office of the Director of National Intelligence spokesman Timothy Barrett.
(Reporting by Mark Hosenball; Additional reporting by Dustin Volz; Editing by John Walcott and Jonathan Oatis)
The Criminal Investigation Department (CID) is preparing to take into custody about ten officers of the Sri Lanka Navy who are believed to be having concrete evidence about the abduction and killing of a total of 11 individuals including five Tamil university students in Trincomalee in the years 2008 and 2009, within the next week.
However, a senior CID official said senior CID officers had received firm orders from top political authorities to not arrest any of these Navy officials.
The source added, the warning against the imminent arrest had come because of accusations being made by the Joint Opposition, including former President Mahinda Rajapaksa, against the government regarding the arrest of war heroes.
“However, while we have positive information that they have definite evidence about these abductions and killings, we cannot avoid taking them into custody. Everyone should be aware of the fact, that even if they are war heroes, no one in the country has the right to commit murder and they cannot use the power of their uniform to engage in despicable crimes ” he added. He also said, he believed that these Navy personnel had used the power of their uniforms and engaged in massive robberies. A Navy Lieutenant Colonel connected with this incident has already been remanded. If political authorities are obstructing the arrest of the other suspects, we wonder what we have to do in the circumstances, he added.
“By doing this, what will happen is that the people will lose their faith in the CID” he said. When this case was taken up for hearing last Thursday, the Fort Magistrate Lanka Jayaratne ordered that the suspects be taken into custody immediately and be produced in Court.
The official further said Navy personnel including Captain D. K. J. Dassanayake, former Navy Commander Admiral Wasantha Karannagoda's Personal Assistant Lieutenant Commander Sampath Munasinghe, Lieutenant Commander Sumith Ranasinghe and lower rankers Udaya Kumara and K. G. N. G. Wickremasinghe are to be taken into custody.
(Source: Ceylon Today – By Niranjala Ariyawansha)
(Updates with JGB futures closing price, Kuroda comments)
TOKYO, April 12 Japanese government bonds firmed on Wednesday, with the benchmark 10-year yield edging down to a four-month low, taking cues from U.S. Treasury yields and reduced purchases by the Bank of Japan in its bond-buying operations.
The benchmark 10-year JGB yield fell 1.5 basis points to 0.020 percent, its lowest since Dec. 1, while 10-year JGB futures finished up 0.22 point at 150.90 after earlier touching 150.97, their highest since Nov. 15.
U.S. Treasury yields slipped overnight as fresh concerns about the French presidential election and possible U.S. military action against Syria and North Korea spurred safe-haven demand, and continued to drop in Asian trading.
The 10-year Treasury yield stood at 2.290 percent , down from the U.S. close of 2.315 percent on Tuesday.
The Bank of Japan also trimmed its purchases of Japanese government bonds with three to five years left to maturity on Wednesday, buying 350 billion yen of them in its regular operations, down from 380 billion in previous operations.
"Overall, there was limited reaction to the BOJ, as the market focuses on Treasuries, whose yields appear to have moved into a new range," said Tadashi Matsukawa, head of fixed income investment in Tokyo at PineBridge Investments.
In the superlong zone, the 20-year yield fell 2.5 basis points to 0.585 percent, its lowest since mid-January. The 30-year yield also shed 2.5 basis points to 0.810 percent after falling as low as 0.805 percent earlier, its deepest trough since late February.
Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said on Wednesday that he will continue with the central bank's quantitative easing and JGB yield curve control policy to meet its 2 percent inflation target.
(Reporting by Tokyo markets team; Editing by Sunil Nair)
Poricy Park Conservancy will host its 4th Annual People's Choice Antique Car & Vehicle Display.The event promises to be fun for all ages and the whole family.
car show 2018
Contact
Elaine Hinckley
***@gmail.com
7322687034 Elaine Hinckley7322687034
End
-- Poricy Park Conservancy will host its 4th Annual People's Choice Antique Car & Vehicle Display, on Saturday, May 5, 2018, from 10:00am to 3:00pm. The event promises to be fun for all ages and the whole family. (The raindate is Sunday, May 6, 2018.) FREE admission for spectators! Poricy Park is located at 345 Oak Hill Road, Middletown, NJ.The show will include an exhibit of antique vehicles and awards will be given out, recognizing the exhibitors. New car dealers from Middletown and neighboring towns will also have new cars on display. Enjoy a variety of food and treats at the different Food Truck vendors and shop the various vendors participating in the event.Vehicle Exhibitors can register on-site for the event; cost is $10 per vehicle by April 20, 2018; $15 thereafter. General admission is free to the public. Sponsorship and vendor opportunities are available.In addition to the Antique Car & Vehicle Display, the historic Murray Farmhouse and Barn will be part of the annual Weekend in Old Monmouth activities. Weekend fsbdt in Old Monmouth is free and will run 10:00am through 5:00pm on Saturday, May 5, and 12:00pm through 5:00pm on Sunday, May 6.The 4th Annual People's Choice Antique Car & Vehicle Display is run by Poricy Park Conservancy, a non-profit 501 (c) (3) organization. The Mission of Poricy Park Conservancy is to preserve and enrich the park as a nature preserve and to educate the community about its historic and recreational resources. Poricy Park is located at 345 Oak Hill Road in Middletown Township. The Park offers recreational activities such as magnificent wooded hiking trails, bird watching, pristine pond settings, fishing, and a one-of-a-kind 70-million-year-old Cretaceous fossil bed. Poricy Park is home to the 1770 NJ Historic Murray Farmhouse and Barn.For more information about Poricy Park Conservancy or to participate in the event, please visit http://www.PoricyPark.org , or call 732-268-7034.
April 28 India's Ambuja Cements, part of global conglomerate LafargeHolcim Ltd, on Friday reported an over four-fold surge in first-quarter net profit, as higher cement sales volume and favourable pricing offset rising costs.
Net profit jumped to 2.47 billion rupees ($38.41 million) in the quarter ended March 31, from 535.1 million rupees in the year-ago period, the cement major said. (bit.ly/2qe221L)
Analysts on average expected the manufacturer of clinkers and cement to post a profit of 2.62 billion rupees, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Cement sales volume rose 2.7 percent in the quarter to 6.02 million tonnes.
($1 = 64.3100 Indian rupees) (Reporting by Tanvi Mehta in Bengaluru; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
A photograph of the Lithuania's Independence declaration from February 16, 1918 released by Lithuanian Embassy in Berlin, Germany March 30, 2017. Lithuanian Embassy in Germany/Handout via REUTERS
VILNIUS A professor said on Thursday he had found a copy of Lithuania's lost declaration of independence languishing in a German archive, an achievement hailed by authorities as the discovery of the nation's "birth certificate".
Liudas Mazylis, political science professor at Lithuania's Vytautas Magnus University, told Reuters his find on Wednesday was the culmination of an eight-month search, funded by himself.
The discovery of the 1918 document, a year short of its centenary, triggered celebrations in the Baltic state.
Lithuania was already planning to mark the 100th anniversary, keen to assert its independence in the face of what it sees as renewed aggression from its neighbor Russia. Memories are still fresh of Lithuania's emergence from Soviet occupation in the 1990s.
Lithuania's President Dalia Grybauskaite said she had asked Germany to send the document back, and was confident Berlin would comply.
"We now have the best gift, the best monument to our centenary", Grybauskaite said.
Germany's foreign ministry said it had confirmed the identity of the document uncovered in its own archives by the Lithuanian professor.
"What a great find! This is perfect news for our Lithuanian friends. We celebrate together with them," it said in a statement that did not mention a return.
Lithuania traces its modern statehood to the independence declaration signed on Feb. 16, 1918, but it lost track of all copies as turmoil and fighting engulfed the region after the end of World War I.
The Lithuanian state was announced with the approval of Germany, whose army controlled the territory at the time, following a successful offensive against the Russian Empire in 1915.
"I was driven by an excitement of the possibility of finding such an important document, which was lost for so long," Mazylis told Reuters.
"We found our birth certificate", Lithuania's ambassador to Germany Deividas Matulionis said.
"The historians always thought that at least three copies of the declaration were signed, with two of them meant to Russian and German governments", he added.
Lithuanian business group MG Baltic last month offered a one-million-euro ($1.07-million) reward for the discovery of the document. The group's owner, Darius Mockus, told LRT television he would pay out once the document was delivered to Lithuania.
(This version of the story was refiled to add dropped words in first paragraph)
(Reporting By Andrius Sytas; Editing by Daniel Dickson and Andrew Heavens)
April 3 The following financial services industry appointments were announced on Monday. To inform us of other job changes, email moves@thomsonreuters.com.
SILVERFLEET CAPITAL
The European private equity investor appointed Karl Eidem as co-head of the Nordic Region.
STATE STREET GLOBAL ADVISORS
The asset management arm of State Street Corp appointed Andrew Benton as head of its UK institutional business.
MASHREQ
Dubai's third-biggest bank by assets said Nabeel Waheed will take over from John Iossifidis as head of corporate and investment banking. Iossifidis is leaving to become chief executive of Noor Bank, sources told Reuters.
UBS WEALTH MANAGEMENT
The UBS Group AG unit appointed Stephen Wilson as a director in its Leeds office. (Compiled by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru)
PILILLA, Philippines Wind turbines are helping the Philippines diversify its energy sources beyond fossil fuels and generating not only power, but jobs, revenue and interest among thousands of curious tourists.
On the hills of Rizal province east of the capital Manila, 340,000 visitors have hit the viewing deck of Pililla town's wind farm since it opened to the public last year, photographing and marveling at its 27 white wind turbines that stand 125 meters (410 feet) high on a 4,500-hectare site.
Wind power is slowly taking off in the Philippines, which faces a huge challenge to find cheaper, cleaner and more efficient ways to power what is one of the world's fastest growing economies and a swelling population of over 100 million people.
It's proving a draw for this province and supporting livelihoods too, with 300 people working at the farm and a further 45 making wooden souvenirs of mini turbines the size of hand-held fans.
"A lot of people can see the beauty of the Philippines," said tourist Christian Lagaja. "Here, the air is fresh and people are benefiting from the electricity it generates."
Wind energy is a work in progress and farms like this produce only a fraction of the country's installed capacity of 20,055 megawatts, which the energy minister recently said needs to double by 2030 to meet demand.
Power in the Philippines at present is generated 34 percent by coal, 34 percent by oil and gas and 32 percent from renewable sources, among them wind, biomass, hydropower and solar.
(Reporting by Ronn Bautista; Writing by Martin Petty; Editing by Michael Perry)
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
February 2004: Sex and the City airs its final episode on HBO after six seasons. As revealed in later interviews, the first SATC movie was supposed to go into production not long after the series wrap, but was delayed due to several factors, including rumored salary negotiations. According to The Telegraph in 2008, tensions between Kim Cattrall and the rest of the cast worsened after she asked for a raise in wake of Sarah Jessica Parker's season two promotion to executive producer. Insiders told The Telegraph that SJP, Kristin Davis, and Cynthia Nixon began to distance themselves from Cattrall even during “mealtimes.” (In a 2010 interview with Marie Claire, Davis would shoot down this mealtime rumor, calling it “ridiculous.”)
September 2004: The distance makes its way to the Emmys as Cattrall sits noticeably far away from her SATC co-stars. At the HBO after party, all four women are spotted in attendance but only three are photographed celebrating the show's newest Emmys. (SJP and Nixon won for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series and Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series, respectively.)
Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty
Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Cattrall later offered this explanation (via The Telegraph), “Are we the best of friends? No. We're professional actresses. We have our own separate lives.”
December 2004: In an interview with Jonathan Ross, Cattrall offers some light on the long-rumored salary negotiations. “I felt after six years it was time for all of us to participate in the financial windfall of Sex and the City. When they didn't seem keen on that I thought it was time to move on.” Cattrall added that she had asked for $1 million per episode (more than double the reported $350,000 she was making).
May 2008: Speaking to The Telegraph on the set of the first SATC movie (in an interview published the week the movie was released), SJP defends her friendship with Cattrall and commends her for bringing up the whole paycheck issue. “Honestly, we are all friends and I wish I saw more of Kim. She mentioned money and no one should vilify her for it. People made a decision that we had vilified her. No one bothered to say [to the rest of us], ‘Are you disappointed by not making the movie?' Yes. ‘Do you respect and support her choice to not do it?' Absolutely.”
In the same interview, Cattrall says she was going through “a really tough time” when initial discussions for the movie began. “I was going through a divorce and my job of seven years was coming to an end. Then my dad was diagnosed with dementia. So I took a step back and returned to Canada, where my family is – that's the reason behind it. It wasn't all about the money.”
Kim Cattrall and Sarah Jessica Parker at the Sex and the City movie premiere in NYC in May 2008. Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
June 2008: In a Marie Claire roundup published in support of the first SATC film's release, feud rumors and contract disputes are brought up again. According to series creator Darren Star, the cast's “chemistry” was never forced. “When you do a series for so many years, you can't fake it completely.” Says Chris Albrecht, former CEO of HBO, “Sarah was becoming more and more famous, and her salary increased beyond what was contractually committed, which is normal for hit shows. The other actresses wanted to keep up.” Mario Cantone (Anthony on SATC), also chimed in: “Certain people were vilified in some articles, and others were vilified in other articles. It's interesting how they never write stuff like that about the men on The Sopranos. They always go after the women. They just do.”
November 2009: In an interview with Elle, SJP says, “I don't think anybody wants to believe that I love Kim. I adore her. I wouldn't have done the movie without her. Didn't and wouldn't,” referring to the delays in making the first SATC movie.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
January 2010: When the alleged feud is brought up during an interview with The Daily Mail, Cattrall offers this: “I think Sarah was right: people don't want to believe that we get on. They have too much invested in the idea of two strong, successful women fighting with each other. It makes for juicy gossip and copy. The truth of us being friends and getting along and happily doing our jobs together is where near as newsworthy. I think Sarah is fantastic… She and I are sick of this. It's exhausting talking about it, and a real bore. Next?”
Kim Cattrall and Sarah Jessica Parker on the set of the final season of Sex and the City in 2003. Getty
May 2010: Ahead of Sex and the City 2's release, the four women address the longtime feud rumors that won't seem to quit in Marie Claire. “When you're on set, you're working 90-hour weeks, you're never home, you're exhausted,” says SJP. “There are times when all of us have been sensitive, and sometimes feelings get hurt. But I don't have any regrets about how I've treated people.” Cattrall says the cast's “chemistry” remains "very strong,” adding that the feud rumors haven't been laid to rest because of the press. “Things just have to be explosive for no other reason than for people's imaginations.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
June 2016: Speaking to The Daily Record, Cattrall says it doesn't feel right to make a third SATC movie, given the change in “climate.” She also adds that the cast's respective schedules would get in the way. “Everyone is doing their own thing and if it was going to happen, it would have happened by now. It would be a challenge to do a third installment. It could be fun though. To say goodbye completely to Samantha would be pretty hard."
August 2016: SJP wishes Cattrall a happy 60th birthday by posting this throwback on Instagram, along with the message, “Sending love and the very best for a perfectly marvelous, joyous, healthy and adventure filled birthday year. Your ol' pal, fellow mischief maker and “sister.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
September 2016: On how she's dealt with rumors of feuds with SATC cast mates through the years, SJP tells Time, “It was always so heartbreaking to me that there was this narrative about Kim and myself because it just didn't reflect anything that happened on that set. They just didn't do it to the Sopranos guys. It was so strange to me and upsetting. I posted something on Kim's birthday and people were like “Oh my God, I didn't know you liked her!” What? We were all at liberty to walk away at any time! But nobody asked those questions of shows with men. Isn't that interesting?”
October 2016: Speaking to Howard Stern on his radio show, SJP continues to highlight the problem with pitting women against each other. "These were my sisters, these were people that I grew to love and admire… Was every day perfect? Were people always desperately, hopefully in love with each other? No, but this is a family of people who needed each other, relied upon each other, and loved each other. This sort of narrative, this ongoing catfight, it really used to upset. It was usually about bad behavior on the set. I take very seriously, my reputation. I work really hard and I treat people well. I have a work ethic that's very meaningful to me and it's based on the affection I feel for the people I get to work with. To suggest that I'm behaving poorly or not treating somebody well... It would drive me bananas."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
September 2017: SJP confirms that there are no longer plans to make a third Sex and the City film. “It's over… we're not doing it,” she tells Extra. “I'm disappointed. We had this beautiful, funny, heartbreaking, joyful, very relatable script and story. It's not just disappointing that we don't' get to tell the story and have that experience, but more so for that audience that has been so vocal in wanting another movie.”
Following the announcement and The Daily Mail's report that the film was cancelled because Cattrall demanded that Warner Bros. produce her other projects along with SATC 3, Cattrall takes to Twitter to clear the air.
Woke 2 a @MailOnline 💩storm! The only 'DEMAND' I ever made was that I didn't want to do a 3rd film....& that was back in 2016 — Kim Cattrall (@KimCattrall) September 29, 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Before the day ends, Willie Garson (Stanford) shares a cryptic tweet and Kristin Davis says goodbye to Charlotte York on Instagram:
Disappointed for all crew holding on for negotiations to conclude for their jobs, and of course, for the fans. Leave it at that. #Truth — Willie Garson (@WillieGarson) September 29, 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
October 2017: Speaking to Piers Morgan on his show Life Stories (via The Daily Mail), Cattrall continues to make her case. “And now, now at this very moment it's quite extraordinary to get any kind of negative press about something that I've been saying for almost a year of 'no' that I'm demanding or a diva ... I never asked for any money, I never asked for any projects, to be thought of as some kind of diva is absolutely ridiculous." Of SJP, she says, “This is really where I take to task the people from Sex and the City and specifically Sarah Jessica Parker in that I think she could have been nicer. I really think she could have been nicer.”
According to Cattrall, the means of communication leading up to the demise of SATC 3 was not great. “Another thing that's really disappointing is that nobody ever picks up the phone and tries to contact you and say, 'How are you doing?' That would have been the way to handle it… And usually what happens in a healthy relationship is that someone, or a transaction for a job in my business, is that someone says, 'Are you available?' and you say 'Yes' and here's the job and you say 'Yes, but thank you very much but I'm sort of over here right now but thank you very much,' and that person turns to you, and they say 'That's great, good luck to you, I wish you the best.' That's not what happened here, this is, it feels like a toxic relationship."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
She also adds, "This isn't about more money, this is not about more scenes, it's not about any of those things. This is about a clear decision, an empowered decision in my life to end one chapter and start another. I'm 61. It's now."
Sex and the City Season 2 promo, 1999. HBO | Getty
January 31, 2018: Parker appears on Watch What Happens Live With Andy Cohen and says she is “just heartbroken" over what has transpired with Cattrall. "I mean, that whole week, you and I spoke about it endlessly, because I was just… I don't know, I found it very upsetting because that's not the way I recall our experience," she said.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"It's sad," she continued. "But I always think that what ties us together was this singular experience. It was a professional experience but it became personal because it was years and years of our lives. So I'm hoping that that eclipses anything that's been recently spoken. That many years spent doing something so special that people had a connection with is such a privilege."
February 9, 2018: After Cattrall announces the death of her brother on February 4, Parker tells Extra, "I can't begin to know how her family is managing such a loss. We all send her our love and condolences and grant her the privacy that she's asked for."
Prior to that, Parker commented on Cattrall's Instagram (via Us Weekly), saying, "Dearest Kim, my love and condolences to you and yours and Godspeed to your beloved brother. Xx." And on February 8, Parker told Entertainment Tonight, "If somebody in your life, whether you're in touch with them or not, [is] suffering for any reason, it's involuntary that you want to convey condolences or sadness or just let someone know you're thinking about them."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
February 10, 2018: Cattrall posts a scathing message to Parker on Instagram, saying, "I don't need your love or support at this tragic time @sarahjessicaparker."
The caption reads:
My Mom asked me today “When will that @sarahjessicaparker, that hypocrite, leave you alone?” Your continuous reaching out is a painful reminder of how cruel you really were then and now. Let me make this VERY clear. (If I haven't already) You are not my family. You are not my friend. So I'm writing to tell you one last time to stop exploiting our tragedy in order to restore your ‘nice girl' persona.
Cattrall refers followers to a New York Post story about the "mean-girls culture" on the set of Sex and the City. According to the article, tensions built on set in part because Cattrall was a scene-stealer, and "a clique began to form" between Parker, Cynthia Nixon, and Kristin Davis, "leaving Cattrall out in the cold."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Three days before this latest post, Cattrall had thanked fans, friends, and her "#SexandtheCity colleagues" for their "outpouring of support."
February 14, 2018: In a PEOPLE cover story, Parker says she's "disappointed" that the third SATC is not happening and takes the opportunity to address Cattrall's "hurtful" words from the Piers Morgan interview. "We had this experience and it was amazing, and nothing will ever be like it. We had a connection with an audience, and we had a connection with the city and with this crew, and we got to tell these crazy stories with each other," Parker says. "So I don't want to mess with that. I couldn't imagine anyone else playing that part. So there was no fight; it was completely fabricated, because I actually never responded. And I won't, because she needed to say what she needed to say, and that is her privilege.”
People
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
April 23, 2018: In an interview with Vulture, SJP sends the world a friendly reminder. “I'd just like to remind everybody that there is no catfight. I have never uttered an unkind, unsupportive, unfriendly word, so I would love to redefine it. I also want to remind everybody that there were four women on the set and I spent equal time with all of them, so this was not a set with two women who didn't get along.” Of Cattrall turning down a third SATC film, she said, “I've always held Kim's work in high regard and always [been] appreciative of her contributions. If she chooses not to do the third movie, there's not a lot I can do to change her mind and we must respect it. That's the only thing I've ever said about it, you know?”
LONDON, March 29 Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday she would not try to "cherry pick" parts of European Union membership as Britain leaves the bloc, saying she respected its four freedoms.
In a sign that May wants to foster goodwill in the talks, she wrote in a letter to European Council President Donald Tusk that she knew there would be consequences from Brexit and Britain would lose influence over the rules that govern the European economy.
"We understand and respect your position that the four freedoms of the single market are indivisible and there can be no 'cherry picking'," she said in the letter.
"We also know that UK companies will, as they trade within the EU, have to align with rules agreed by institutions of which we are no longer a part – just as UK companies do in other overseas markets." (Reporting by Elizabeth Piper, editing by Estelle Shirbon)
Tim Sloan, Chief Executive Officer of Wells Fargo & Company, takes part in the Yahoo Finance All Markets Summit in New York, U.S., February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Larry Fink, Chief Executive Officer of BlackRock, takes part in the Yahoo Finance All Markets Summit in New York, U.S., February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
CHICAGO BlackRock Inc Chief Executive Officer Larry Fink said on Friday he is a "big believer" in Wells Fargo & Co Chief Executive Tim Sloan and that the scandal-hit bank is now on a good path.
The world's largest asset manager is Wells Fargo's fourth-biggest shareholder, owning a 3.65 percent stake as of its latest filing at the end of 2016.
Wells Fargo's board faced a contentious annual meeting on Tuesday in which Sloan and Chairman Steve Sanger were repeatedly interrupted by small shareholders criticizing their oversight of the bank, where low-level employees struggling to hit aggressive sales targets signed up customers for as many as 2.1 million accounts without their authorization.
According to Wells Fargo's final tally released on Friday, just three board members received more than 90 percent of shareholder support, and four directors, including Sanger, got less than 60 percent.
Sloan, however, a long-time Wells Fargo executive who became CEO after predecessor John Stumpf resigned in October, received 99 percent support.
"I'm a big believer in Tim Sloan. I actually had lunch with him this week, and I think Wells Fargo's on a good, new path," said Fink, speaking at the Morningstar Investment Conference in Chicago.
(Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt in Chicago; Writing by Dan Freed; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Meredith Mazzilli)
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
PipelineRx acquires business unit from Health Enterprise
PipelineRx, a medication management technology company focused on clinical telepharmacy, has acquired a remote order entry business unit, including both hospital clients and telepharmacists from Health Enterprises.
Headquartered in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, Health Enterprises (HE) is an alliance of independent hospitals, offering a variety of services to both members and non-members. This acquisition boosts PipelineRx's pharmacist team and expands the company's presence in Iowa and Nebraska whilst enabling HE members to have access to PipelineRx's telepharmacy services, clinical programmes, and future innovations.
HE Pharmacy Services has been making use of PipelineRx's proprietary technology solution, PowerGridRx, which is cloud-based HIPAA-compliant telepharmacy platform, to make this a smooth transition for all parties.
PipelineRx claimed that by bringing these services internally, each facility will be able to depend on its established best practices. As part of the PipelineRx network, these facilities will now also be able to have access to additional coverage and service offerings as these are introduced alongside the cloud-based technology.
Health Enterprises pharmacy services Aaron Lott said: "For several years PipelineRx's software has been a key element of our operations, helping us improve our medication management processes and keep our patients safe.
"By transferring these hospitals and our skilled pharmacists to PipelineRx's team, we are confident our members and clients will continue to receive excellent service as well as access to PipelineRx's additional programs and innovations."
PipelineRx CEO Brian Roberts said: "Building on our existing relationship with Health Enterprises, we're excited about what this new chapter represents for both organizations – and our clients.
"I'm proud of our existing team and new team members for working together to improve pharmacy care in hospitals across the country, and look forward to continuing to support HE hospitals in the coming years and delivering new programs in partnership with HE."
Bayern Munich's Philipp Lahm speaks during a news conference at the team's hotel ahead of their Champions League group F soccer match against Olympiacos in Athens, Greece, September 15, 2015. REUTERS/Paul Hanna
BERLIN The anti-immigrant party Alternative for Germany (AfD) on Monday told Bayern Munich's Philipp Lahm, who captained the German national side to World Cup victory in 2014, to focus on soccer not politics after he said "the wrong ones" should not have more power.
Germany holds a general election in September and the AfD is expected to enter the Bundestag national parliament for the first time, a worrying prospect for Germans still fearful of xenophobia in politics more than seven decades after the defeat of the Nazis.
"Philipp Lahm should look after his football and leave politics to others as much as possible," Georg Pazderski, AfD leader in the Berlin city parliament, told mass-selling daily Bild.
"If he wants to do politics, he should enter politics and be active there."
Lahm, who is considered one of the best players of his generation, told the Welt am Sonntag newspaper at the weekend: "I think what presumably most Germans think: that Germany should not veer to the right."
Lahm retired from international football after winning the World Cup with Germany in Brazil three years ago. He plans to stop playing altogether at the end of this season with Bayern Munich.
"The wrong ones, the populists, should not have more power," Lahm said. "The election in the Netherlands is the latest example. The right-wing populists - thank God - were not as strong as was feared.
"But in the spring, France will vote, in the autumn it's Germany. I think it is important that we not only think about it but above all speak about it."
The Party for Freedom of anti-Islam Dutch politician Geert Wilders won fewer parliamentary seats than had been projected in polls before the election last month, a relief for Prime Minister Mark Rutte and mainstream politicians across Europe who are contending with a rise in anti-establishment movements.
The AfD are polling at around 8 percent after seeing their support fall by more than a third.
(Reporting by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Andrew Bolton)
A woman yells slogans during a protest against the government's austerity measures as Puerto Rico faces a deadline on Monday to restructure its $70 billion debt load or open itself up to lawsuits from creditors, in San Juan, Puerto Rico May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Alvin Baez
NEW YORK/FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. Frustrated with the Puerto Rican government, hedge funds and the Control Board tasked with sorting out the island's debt crisis, some Puerto Ricans on the U.S. mainland protested on Monday the best way they knew how: with music and dance.
The eve of a debt-cutting agreement that could allow creditors to sue the U.S. territory over defaults happened to fall on May Day, when Puerto Ricans aired their grievances at New York City's Union Square along with an array of leftist causes. But they did it in Puerto Rican style, using rhythm as an antidote to hardship.
The island's government, shouldering $70 billion in debt it cannot pay, and its bondholders were trying to reach an agreement about how much and which debt it would pay back.
Some people blamed the government of Puerto Rican Governor Ricardo "Ricky" Rossello. Others directed their ire at Wall Street. A few called for either independence or statehood, saying the island's status as a U.S. territory led to the crisis.
"Ricky, Ricky, Ricky: It's time to go!" went one refrain, set to a "plena" beat with Afro-Caribbean percussion instruments.
Sara Espino, a 27-year-old flight attendant, said she saw hundreds of "Boricuas" migrating to the U.S. mainland each week on flights from San Juan to New York.
"It's sad. We don't want to come here. Our hearts are in Puerto Rico, but the money is here," Espino said.
Nearly 400,000 Puerto Ricans have moved to the mainland United States in the past several years, and there are now more Puerto Ricans living on the mainland than on the island.
'NOT THE PEOPLE'S FAULT'
Eva Sotomayor, 24, who moved from the island two years ago because of the crisis, said the creditors on Wall Street should settle for less than what they are owed because they had dictated terms for so long under what she called a "colonial" arrangement.
"It's not the people's fault, yet they're the ones who are paying" with cuts to social services such as education, she said.
Puerto Ricans at least have a safety net unavailable to other Latin Americans. They can move freely to the United States and, once there, are eligible for public benefits.
There are 5.4 million Puerto Ricans living in the mainland United States, compared with nearly 3.5 million on the island, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. Net migration to the mainland reached 65,000 people in 2015, up from 28,000 in 2010.
Florida and New York have seen the bulk of newly arrived Puerto Ricans, along with Texas, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts and New Jersey.
Luis DeRosa, president of the South Florida Puerto Rican Chamber of Commerce, was born in New York and has lived in Miami for 20 years.
"This debt is years in the making. Part of the situation is that elected officials didn't have the foresight, or the control, to realize that the more you borrow, the more you owe," said DeRosa, whose father and wife's family still live in Puerto Rico.
"Unfortunately, at the end of the day, it is the middle class, the working class of Puerto Rico, who are stuck with the bill and it's just too much to handle all at one time."
(Reporting by Daniel Trotta in New York, Bernie Woodall in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.; Additional reporting by Robin Respaut in San Francisco; Editing by Peter Cooney)
NEW YORK North American cocoa grindings rose slightly in the first quarter of 2017, data from the National Confectioners Association (NCA) showed on Thursday, coming within market expectations.
Cocoa processors in the United States, Canada and Mexico reported grinding 120,152 tonnes from January to March, up 1.15 percent from the first quarter of 2016, NCA data showed.
In the first quarter of 2016, processors in the United States, Canada and Mexico reported the weakest cocoa grinding in nearly four years at 118,790 tonnes due to lackluster demand.
Cocoa grinding reflects demand for chocolate's key ingredient.
The higher first-quarter grind data for North America followed a sharp 19.2 percent increase year-over-year to 177,450 tonnes in Asia, data showed early on Thursday.
In Europe, the first-quarter grind rose by 1.09 percent from the year-ago period to 339,485 tonnes, data showed last week.
The higher grindings came amid a bearish futures market, with New York spot cocoa prices CCc1 at the lowest in more than eight years during the first quarter. The London contract LCCc1 fell to 2013 lows as the markets focused on expectations for abundant supplies.
Prices have since extended their slide, with New York cocoa prices CCc2 slumping to a 9-1/2-year low and London LCCc2 to a five-year trough on Thursday.
The nine companies that took part in the North American survey are: Barry Callebaut AG (BARN.S), Blommer Chocolate Co, Cargill Cocoa & Chocolate Co [CARG.UL], ECOM, Ghirardelli Chocolate Co, Guittard Chocolate Co, Hershey Co (HSY.N), Mars Chocolate North America and Nestle Chocolate & Confections (NESN.S).
(Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Lisa Shumaker)
BEIJING – China's Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday that Stern Hu, an Australian citizen and former Rio Tinto executive jailed in China on bribery charges eight years ago, has been released.
Ministry spokesman Lu Kang made the announcement at a daily news briefing in Beijing.
Advertisement
Hu had been serving his sentence in a jail in the Chinese financial hub of Shanghai.
To watch Creamer Media's latest video reports, click here
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange shortly before the opening bell in New York, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange shortly before the opening bell in New York, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange shortly before the opening bell in New York, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange shortly before the opening bell in New York, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange shortly before the opening bell in New York, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
A screen that charts the S&P 500 is seen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
A trader looks at a screen that charts the S&P 500 on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
A trader looks at a screen that charts the S&P 500 on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
SAN FRANCISCO A funny thing happened on Wall Street in Donald Trump's first 100 days in the White House: Shares of companies that got closest to the president lagged the market's march higher.
Meanwhile, stocks from sectors that have had less access, and have faced occasional bluster from Trump, such as media and technology, have hopped into the driver seat.
Banks, industrials and other companies expected to win from Trump's policies surged following his unexpected election victory in November. Valuations for many grew stretched.
But Wall Street's change in focus in recent months also reflects concerns among investors that Trump may struggle to enact deep tax cuts and stimulate economic growth as quickly as previously expected. Indeed, the economy grew just 0.7 percent on an annualized basis in the first quarter, the first of Trump's presidency, as consumer spending stalled.
Many of the industries Trump singled out for special attention, like coalminers, steelmakers and oil companies, face major market trends and commodity price fluctuations that he can do little to change.
Since Trump's inauguration on Jan. 20, representatives from nearly 100 publicly-listed companies have visited the White House, with carmakers, healthcare companies, banks and industrials getting more face time than technology companies, retailers and media firms.
Shares of companies that have visited the White House since the inauguration have enjoyed a median increase of 3.7 percent, trailing the benchmark Standard & Poor's 500 Index's gain of 5.5 percent.
But Trump's recent failure to push a healthcare overhaul through Congress, as well as other miscues, now have investors a little less sure he will be able to make good on his promises.
The S&P 500 is near record highs after the administration unveiled a long-awaited proposal Wednesday to steeply cut corporate tax rates. But the plan may be unpalatable to Republican fiscal hawks since it lacks proposals for raising new revenue and would potentially add billions of dollars to the federal deficit.
"The stability of the market and its ability to rise is still based on the feeling that the administration may be getting its act together," said Tim Ghriskey, chief investment officer of Solaris Group in Bedford Hills, New York. "But at some point investors will ask if any of this stuff is going to happen or if it's all talk."
- For graphics on 'S&P performance by sector' click: tmsnrt.rs/2oT1zRO
- For graphics on 'Presidential markets' click: tmsnrt.rs/2ptQvgZ
- For graphics on 'Currency and bonds: hope vs reality' click: tmsnrt.rs/2oTbh6I
- For graphics on 'Who has Trump's ear ' click: tmsnrt.rs/2qbI3DF
EARLY WINNERS FADE
Since the election, the financial sector .SPSY has risen 19 percent, more than any other. But its gain since the inauguration has been among the weakest, at 3 percent.
An investor buying a basket of banks and selling utilities immediately after Trump's election would have made as much as 29 percent by mid-February. But that gain has since shrunk to 17 percent, according to Vincent Deluard, Vice President, Global Macro Strategy at INTL FCStone Financial Inc.
Other "Trump trades" have lost momentum.
Investors bet big on steel right out of the gate after Election Day, with the industry seen as a poster child for Trump's focus on "unfair" trade deals that hurt U.S. producers. The S&P 1500 steel industry group index .SPCOMSTEEL had gained 36 percent by the first week of December.
The group is down by more than 13 percent since then, however, and even last week's executive order to investigate whether U.S. steel companies need additional trade protections under the auspices of national security delivered only a short-lived rebound. Poor earnings from sector heavyweight United States Steel Corp (X.N) ruined the party.
Trump this month signed an executive order sweeping away Obama-era climate change regulations, saying it would end America's "war on coal." But reflecting an abundance of cheap natural gas and falling costs of wind and solar power, coal miners CONSOL Energy (CNX.N) and Cloud Peak Energy (CLD.N) have dropped 16 percent and 32 percent, respectively, in Trump's first 100 days.
Meanwhile, tech stocks that were left out of the early Trump rally have surged recently as investors shift out of low-valuation stocks favored immediately after the election and back into high-growth stocks like Alphabet (GOOGL.O) and Facebook (FB.O) that delivered much of the market's momentum in recent years.
In the absence of concrete results from Trump, corporate earnings have taken center stage, with first-quarter profits of S&P 500 companies expected to surge 13.6 percent, helped by strong international growth.
"Earnings are through-the-roof good. Companies are very profitable, and potentially are going to be more profitable with tax-cut legislation," said Stephen Massocca, Senior Vice President at Wedbush Securities in San Francisco.
Other stocks seen as out of favor under Trump have also outperformed during his first 100 days.
Tesla (TSLA.O), which some investors feared could be hurt by the removal of tax incentives for the purchase of its electric vehicles, has surged 27 percent to record highs.
And perhaps most telling of all, the media sector - regularly lambasted by Trump for its coverage of him - is up 7 percent since he took office.
Even New York Times Co (NYT.N), publisher of what Trump has repeatedly disparaged as "the failed New York Times" newspaper, hit a three-year high after the inauguration and is up 10 percent since he moved into the White House.
(Reporting by Noel Randewich; Editing by Dan Burns and Nick Zieminski)
Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney testifies during a House Appropriations Committee hearing on Capitol Hill, April 18, 2018 in Washington, DC. Mark Wilson/Getty Images
White House budget czar Mick Mulvaney told banking executives that while he was serving in congress before joining the Trump administration, he enacted a pay-to-play scheme for lobbyists looking to meet with him. “We had a hierarchy in my office in Congress. If you're a lobbyist who never gave us money, I didn't talk to you,” Mulvaney explained to the 1,300 banking industry officials at the American Bankers Association conference. “If you're a lobbyist who gave us money, I might talk to you.”
This alarming anecdote came as part of a larger call by Mulvaney encouraging banks to aggressively pursue their agenda with lawmakers. The comments raise a number of pretty clear-cut ethical, much less legal issues, one of which is that Mulvaney currently presides over the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau as the interim director of the very body that's supposed to protect individuals from unseemly (and illegal) banking and lending schemes. Mulvaney's comments Tuesday laid bare the conflicts of interest present in his running of the Obama-era financial regulator into the ground, while also raising obvious questions about his time as a legislator. The Trump administration generally, and Mulvaney specifically, have not done much to hide their disdain for the consumer protection mandate given the CFPB in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis and have intermittently worked to roll back its authority where possible and sabotage it elsewhere.
FILE PHOTO - Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai, China - 09/04/17 - Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain celebrates on the podium after winning the Chinese Grand Prix at the Shanghai International Circuit. REUTERS/Aly Song
SOCHI, Russia Triple world champion Lewis Hamilton pointed to Alex Zanardi as a beacon of hope as Formula One teams and drivers showed support on Friday for British teenager Billy Monger, who lost his legs in a Formula Four accident.
Drivers and teams attached stickers for "Billy Whizz" on cars and helmets in Russian Grand Prix practice, with an online fundraising campaign for the 17-year-old's recovery reaching 768,000 pounds.
"I think I was affected more by Billy's incident than I probably have been by most, with the exception of what happened in Formula One..." said Hamilton, whose boyhood hero was the late Brazilian Ayrton Senna who died in 1994.
"Just to see a kid...I've been there, been in that position of racing, he was doing well fighting to get to Formula One and then such a horrific incident. It really hit home," added the Briton.
"My mind just shines onto Zanardi and showing what he was able to do. I have all the belief, or hope, that Billy will be able to do something similar."
Zanardi, an ex-Formula One driver, had his legs amputated above the knee after a ChampCar crash at the Lausitzring in Germany on Sept. 15, 2001.
The Italian, a two times champion in the U.S.-based series, lost all but a litre of the blood in his body but returned to racing a year and a half after the accident and competed in the world touring car championship.
He then took up hand-cycling and won three Paralympic gold medals.
Monger, who collided with a stationary car that was unsighted ahead of him during the race at Donington Park on April 16, has had multiple operations since the crash but has already said he hopes to race again.
"His answer to it was 'we'll sort that', it was as simple as that," his JHR team boss Steven Hunter told the BBC.
"He's a very, very positive young lad. The first thing he started to do was work out how he would use a clutch with his hands."
(Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
May 3 Global Logistic Properties Ltd:
* CLH (132) Pte. Ltd., an indirect unit of co acquired remaining 50% interest in CLH Chongqing Logistics Property Limited
* Acquisition is not expected to have any material impact on earnings per share of company for FY ended 31 March 2017
* Unit acquired CLH Chongqing for cash consideration of rmb81.6 million from a joint venture partner and an unrelated company Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Contact
Shannon Blackwell
***@gracebirth.com Shannon Blackwell
End
-- Dr. Leslie Phillips, OBGYN, has been invited to speak on a panel at the 2017 Birth Roundup. The event is hosted by Texas Birth Networks and the panel is coordinated by Dallas/ Fort Worth International Ceserean Awareness Network (ICAN). The panel, titled "Preventing the Primary Cesarean" examines ceserean rates among low risk first time moms, and how women and providers can work to reduce the rate of ceserean in the state of Texas.The panel is hosted by Jill Arnold, of CesareanRates.com and Consumer Reports and other panelists are Lindsay Griffith, CNM, Dr. Teri Mitchell, RN, CNM, IBCLC, Roxanne Anderson, LM CPM, Kate Novotny, Labor and Delivery RN, Delilah Ray, CE and Doula, and Tasha Portley, RN, ICAN of Tyler Chapter Leader.The annual Birth Roundup is held in Texas and features speakers prominent in the birth industry. The keynote speaker for this year's Birth Roundup is the "Mother of Modern Midwifery," Ina May Gaskin. Grace OBGYN & Midwifery is a proud sponsor of the 2017 Birth Roundup. For more information visit birthroundup.birthtexas.org. For information on Grace OBGYN & Midwifery visit gracebirth.org.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 6 Shares of beaten-down shopping-mall retailers bounced back on Thursday after March sales figures from L Brands, the owner of Victoria's Secret, were not as bad as feared.
L Brands jumped 10.4 percent after it said March same-store sales dropped 10 percent but that a later Easter holiday this year accounted for as much as 3 percentage points of that decline.
That raised hopes that slumping sales may be hitting a floor in the brick-and-mortar retail industry, said Kelly Halsor, an analyst at Buckingham Research.
"Sentiment was so negative and L Brands was a perfect example," Halsor said. "People were thinking it would be much worse."
Many stores benefit from gift shopping at the Easter holiday, which this year falls in April and last year fell in March.
Malls across the United States are struggling with dwindling foot traffic, with thousands of stores closing as consumers spend more online or use their money to pay down debts and save.
Also on Thursday, Bed Bath & Beyond jumped 3.5 percent and was heading for its best session since December after it reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit.
Apparel retailers also rose, with Nordstrom up 4 percent, Kohl's adding 6.4 percent, Gap Inc jumping 5.8 percent, and Bebe Stores rising 3.4 percent.
L Brands remains down 28 percent in 2017 and Kohl's has fallen 19 percent. Bed Bath & Beyond has dropped 20 percent in the past 12 months. (Reporting by Noel Randewich; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
* TSX down 20.96 points, or 0.13 percent, at 15,706.15
* Seven of the TSX's 10 main groups fall
* BlackBerry jumps 17 pct after arbitration win
TORONTO, April 12 Canada's main stock index slipped in morning trade on Wednesday, as losses for its heavyweight financial and natural resource sectors offset a sharp boost in BlackBerry Ltd shares after it won an arbitration ruling against chipmaker Qualcomm Inc.
BlackBerry surged 17.2 percent to C$12.04, its highest level since January 2016, after Qualcomm was ordered to repay it $814.9 million in royalty payments.
Shaw Communications Inc also gained, up 4.2 percent to C$28.60 after reporting a jump in revenue driven by the addition of more wireless customers.
But at 9:39 a.m. ET (1339 GMT), the Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index was down 20.96 points, or 0.13 percent, at 15,706.15, as seven of its 10 main groups were in negative territory.
Decliners were outnumbering advancers by 1.8-to-1.
The financials group slipped 0.3 percent, as investors braced for U.S. bank earnings season. Royal Bank of Canada declined 0.4 percent to C$96.45 and Bank of Nova Scotia slipped 0.3 percent to C$77.23.
Gold prices settled after hitting a five-month peak in the prior session and copper fell, while oil prices were marginally higher.
The materials group, which includes precious and base metals miners and fertilizer companies, lost 0.4 percent.
Canada's index is heavily weighted with banks, oil and gas companies and miners.
The energy group retreated 0.1 percent, even as Brent oil prices rose for an eighth straight session.
Suncor Energy Inc lost 0.3 percent to C$41.365.
Cenovus Energy Inc was down 0.3 percent at C$14.67. The company's chief executive said on Tuesday that Cenovus will do more hedging after its acquisition of ConocoPhillips assets as he mounted a charm offensive on investors who balked at the deal. (Reporting by Alastair Sharp; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
May 2 Accell Group Nv:
* Accell Group discontinues talks with Pon Holdings
* “Pon Holding's offer does not sufficiently reflect the future value creation of Accell Group and the expected synergies" - interim-Chairman Of The Executive Board
* Pon Holdings indicated on 29 April it wanted to raise its indicative offer with one euro to 33 euros ($36.04) - per share in cash (excluding the dividend of 0.72 euros for 2016)
* However, this increase did not significantly affect the assessment of the proposal Source text: bit.ly/2pAtIhp Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9158 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Shandong Ruyi Woolen Garment Group Co Ltd :
* Sees FY 2017 net profit to increase by 80 percent to 128.9 percent, or to be 59 million yuan to 75 million yuan
* Says FY 2016 net profit was 32.8 million yuan
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/7vqQeM
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
LONDON From the way Chelsea's players celebrated at the end of their hard-fought 2-1 win over Manchester City on Wednesday, it was clear that they believed they had taken a big step towards winning the Premier League title.
Gary Cahill and Pedro stripped to their shorts and flung their shirts into the crowd, punching the air as much in relief as in celebration.
For much of the top-of-the-table encounter, the runaway league leaders had been second best to City whose elegant passing and long spells of possession bore all the hallmarks of former Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola.
Chelsea knew they needed a win to re-establish their grip on the title race after their shock 2-1 defeat at home to Crystal Palace on Saturday which raised the prospect of a last-minute wobble by this year's dominant force in the Premier League.
But far from set the agenda, the Londoners were forced to defend deep against City as David Silva, Kevin de Bruyne and Fernandinho dictated play for long spells.
"I am happy, it is a big win for us. It wasn't easy,” Chelsea coach Conte told reporters. “When you play against City it is normal to suffer in some part of the game. But I think we suffered as a team.”
As Chelsea battled to hold on to their slender lead, there were nervous murmurs from the home crowd when news arrived that second-placed Tottenham Hotspur had come from 1-0 down away to Swansea City to win 3-1.
City spurned chances for a late equaliser and Conte resorted to whipping up the crowd, demanding their vocal support for the team as they saw out the 90 minutes.
Chelsea remains seven points clear of Spurs with eight games to go, none of them against a team with a realistic chance of winning the title. The toughest challenges look like being trips to Manchester United and Everton. Spurs have yet to face North London rivals Arsenal as well as Manchester United.
Conte, who has steadfastly refused to talk up Chelsea's chances of winning the title despite their commanding lead at the top of the table, said he would be sticking to his approach of taking each game as a priority.
"The best way is to think that Tottenham could win eight games. For this reason, to win the title we need 18 points. I think this is the best way for us," Conte said.
(Reporting by William Schomberg; Editing by Toby Davis)
PARIS, April 20 Spaniard Albert Ramos dumped world number one Andy Murray out of the Monte Carlo Masters 2-6 6-2 7-5 on Thursday after firing back from 4-0 down in the final set to take his place in the quarter-finals.
Murray, who suffered an elbow injury in March and made his return from a five-week layoff on Wednesday after a first-round bye, won the opening set in 48 minutes before losing concentration.
Left-hander Ramos, ranked 24th in the world and the 15th seed, ripped through the second set in 36 minutes and refused to give up after the Scot had romped to a 4-0 advantage in the third with victory beckoning.
The Spaniard won four games in a row before Murray, his serve misfiring, applied some late pressure. But Ramos was implacable as he won the next two with back-to-back breaks and served for the match.
Murray saved one match point before hitting a return into the net to hand Ramos an impressive victory over his top-ranked opponent in the first European claycourt tournament of the season. (Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Neville Dalton)
A taxicab enters the financial district security zone near the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
BENGALURU Developed market share prices are looking expensive, according to a plurality of strategists and brokers, with a majority in a global Reuters poll saying those major indexes are due for a correction of 10 percent or more this year.
Stock markets everywhere have rallied so far in 2017, with Wall Street hitting record highs on hopes that the U.S. administration will usher in financial deregulation and sweeping tax cuts. Last month, the U.S. Standard & Poor's 500 market capitalisation pushed above $20 trillion for the first time.
But the blistering rally stands in contrast to much more measured views from global fund managers, who have trimmed recommendations for equities or left them unchanged at best in their model portfolio this year.
Many are now arguing that markets have become too reluctant to consider several key risks, including potentially-disruptive elections in Europe and no guarantees that the U.S. administration's stimulus plans will be put into action.
The view that President Donald Trump will soon light a fire under the economy may have peaked, according to the latest Reuters poll of strategists who forecast U.S. shares will gain less than 3 percent between now and year-end.
Julian Emanuel, executive director of U.S. equity and derivatives strategy at UBS Securities in New York, said stocks have been pricing in a "strongly" pro-growth agenda.
"But it has yet to be fully implemented, and the devil is in the details," said Emanuel, who sees the S&P 500 ending the year at 2,300, about 50 points lower than where it closed on Wednesday. He said he is cautious on stocks in the near-term.
On Friday, Republican leaders pulled legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system, a key 2016 election Trump campaign promise, which has led to questions about his ability to deliver other pledges, including sweeping tax cuts.
Still, views from more than 200 equity strategists and brokers around the world were bullish, with the outlook for almost all the 22 indexes upgraded from just three months ago, when almost everyone missed the size of the recent rally.
Most indexes have already surpassed the levels predicted in December for where they would trade by mid-2017 and many have even breached end-2017 forecasts made three months ago.
But while the general view is for stock markets to keep rising, corporate earnings now have to catch up to justify the surge in share prices, with valuations for a majority of stock indexes already trading above their 5-year averages.
That is definitely the case for developed market shares, according to a near-majority of ever-bullish strategists and brokers polled by Reuters, something they have not said in recent years.
"Absolutely, it is definitely expensive. It is expensive by virtue of the fact people are too optimistic on earnings," said Emanuel referring to the S&P 500.
CORRECTION
A majority also predict a correction of 10 percent or more for developed market stocks. Such a drop is generally considered normal, but the last time stock markets went through that kind of correction was at the beginning of last year.
Still, there is an increase in confidence. The recent surge in equity markets is also based on a view the world economy at last is in a synchronous upturn, along with inflation.
But that is at odds with the outlook for bond markets, with bond strategists as a whole in a separate Reuters poll still not very concerned about global inflation.
Emerging market stocks are expected to notably outperform developed economy shares this year.
Brazilian stocks are likely to rise for the second straight year to a record high in 2017, above the previous high hit almost a decade ago.
India's benchmark BSE Sensex share index is also expected to scale a new record high by mid-year, with forecasts upgraded significantly from just three months ago.
(Additional reporting and polling from reporters in Seoul, Shanghai, Taipei, Sydney, Tokyo, London, Frankfurt, Milan, Moscow, New York, Brasilia, Toronto and Bengaluru; Editing by Ross Finley and)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW YORK The New York Federal Reserve said on Friday it dialed back its forecast on U.S. gross domestic product in the first quarter and second quarter following weaker-than-forecast data on consumer spending in February.
The regional central bank's "Nowcast" forecast program showed first-quarter GDP on track to expand at a 2.87 percent pace, slower than the 2.96 percent rate calculated a week ago and second-quarter GDP on course to grow at 2.58 percent, compared with 2.66 percent a week earlier.
(Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Scott Hogan has admitted that he hasn't met too many sharper individuals in football than Republic of Ireland and former Aston Villa assistant boss Roy Keane.
Hogan, who is preparing for tonight's crucial World Cup qualifying encounter against Moldova at the Aviva Stadium, has hooked up with the Ireland squad for the first time in his career, after missing out previously with long-term injuries.
The 25-year-old might be given the nod to lead the line by Martin O'Neill, but it was a first meeting with number two Keane that Hogan remembered.
“He's quite funny. He's razor sharp. I've learned that and been told,” he told RTE .
“I've not met many sharper than him.
“The first words he said to me were ‘good to have you on board... where you have been for the last year?'.
“It made me smile. I'd never be sick of anyone trying to help me play football and that's what he's trying to do. He's trying to help us.
“I've not been on the wrong end of him just yet, but there is time for everything I suppose.”
the sarah and vinnie show logo
Sarah And Vinnie's Full Show Podcast: 12.11.2017
Today on Sarah and Vinnie's Full Live Broadcast Podcast:
6 – 7 AM: Golden Globe nominations. A bullied kid named Keaton gets tons of support from celebrities. Wildfires in Southern California are threatening more and more celeb homes. Beyonce was sighted at a local Target in San Clemente. Coco wins the weekend box office again! Pipe Bomb explosion in New York City this morning. 61% of people worldwide believe aliens DO exist! A woman recently cut men out of her life to begin dating ghost and has allegedly had sex with more than 20 ghosts.
7 – 8 AM: Top 10 Earning YouTube stars on 2017! Josh Homme kicks a woman in the face during a concert this weekend, he later issued an apology. The most people on a commercial flight included two babies who were born mid-flight. 8 out of 10 Americans ban smoking in their house. A man stole a $3,000 life-sized sex doll! Raiders lost this weekend, but the 49ers won!
8 – 9 AM: We count down the Top Album Charts! Hooman's first time getting wasted. Saturday Night Live takes on sexual harassment in Hollywood and politics! Neal Schon releases a new EP. The new trailer for Ready Player One is outstanding! Teva Pharmaceuticals USA Inc. will be allowed to launch its generic version of Viagra today. An 18-year old sped himself into a high-speed chase while racing to his girlfriend's house for relations. The average American spends $70,000 during their lifetime on take-out food!
9 – 10 AM: We read all of your texts from the morning!
Rate and Comment on our Podcast in iTunes!
LONDON May 2 Energy firm Ineos said an incident had occurred at its Grangemouth refinery on Tuesday, with emergency services heading to the scene and a local lawmaker advising members of the public to stay indoors.
"INEOS can confirm that an incident has occurred at its Grangemouth site," INEOS Grangemouth said in a tweet.
Scottish parliament lawmaker Angus MacDonald said that members of the public should stay indoors.
Scotland's Fire and Rescue Service said eight fire engines had been sent to the scene but it had no information regarding the cause of the incident, though local media reports said it was to do with a gas leak. (Reporting by Alistair Smout; editing by Guy Faulconbridge)
(Fixes typo in surname, paragraphs 1-7)
By Moraa Obiria
NAKURU, Kenya, May 2 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - The sight of overflowing heaps of plastic waste at Gioto, the largest dump in Nakuru County, in Kenya's Great Rift Valley, was an eyesore that turned photojournalist James Wakibia into an environmental activist.
Knowing plastic was a national problem, he decided to look beyond his hometown of Nakuru, seeking a way to capture the attention of government and consumers in urban and rural communities across the country.
In 2015, Wakibia started a social media campaign, using the Twitter hashtag #banplasticsKE, to call for a ban on plastic use, focused on bags.
A few months later, after Kenya's Cabinet Secretary for Environment and Natural Resources Judi Wakhungu tweeted back her support, he changed the hashtag to #IsupportbanplasticsKE.
Wakibia would go out onto the streets of Nakuru, and take photos of people posing with a placard emblazoned with the hashtag, posting the images on Facebook and Twitter.
His efforts have not been in vain. This February, a gazette notice by Wakhungu announced an end to the use, manufacture and importation of plastic bags for household and commercial packaging in Kenya from August 28.
“I am excited my efforts have yielded this - something I have been yearning for,” said Wakibia. “Plastic bags are such a menace.”
This is the fourth attempt by the Kenyan government to do away with plastic bags. In 2005 and 2007, it prohibited plastic bags with a thickness of 30 microns, and in 2011, it also banned 60-micron plastic bags, to include all those considered light enough to be blown away by the wind.
But the measures have been a failure so far.
Across Kenya, shoppers remain addicted to plastic bags, which are dished out at supermarkets with provisions such as fruit and vegetables, cosmetics and toiletries - already wrapped in other plastic bags.
Bags can also be bought separately from retail stores or open-air stalls for 5 ($0.05), 10 or 20 Kenyan shillings, depending on their size, for individual use.
JAIL OR A FINE
This time there will be no exceptions, said Geoffrey Wahungu, director general of the National Environment Management Authority (NEMA), a state agency that advises on environmental matters and enforces related laws and policies.
The previous bans struggled because they imposed restrictions based on a bag's specific thickness, he said.
Now only primary packaging will be allowed, meaning packaging at source where the plastic is in contact with the product and is considered important for health reasons, he explained.
Anyone in the supply chain who contravenes the gazette notice will be subject to a one to two-year jail term, or a fine of 2 to 4 million shillings as provided for in the 2015 environmental management law, Wahungu said.
Manufacturers, suppliers and importers have until the end of August to clear their stocks and adopt biodegradable alternatives, he noted.
Controlling manufacturing by unlicensed operators inside the country could be tough, Wahungu acknowledged, but as their supply of raw materials is cut off by the import ban, they will likely find it hard to continue.
Meanwhile, NEMA is encouraging innovative packaging schemes utilising sisal, water hyacinth and papyrus reeds.
Efforts have kicked off to raise public awareness ahead of the ban through the media, county governments, religious leaders, and community leaders and residents' associations.
The government is also introducing economic incentives to counter potential job losses, a threat manufacturers have warned about, including support for recycling initiatives.
Wahungu said the agency is sensitising the judiciary to ensure smooth implementation of the ban.
And it is aiming to curtail plastic imports through closer collaboration with the Kenya Revenue Authority, the Kenya Ports Authority and the Kenya Bureau of Standards.
Separately, the East African Community bloc is working towards controlling the use of plastics across the region, with a related bill expected to come up for discussion at the Arusha-based East African Legislative Assembly in May.
PLASTIC, PLASTIC, EVERYWHERE
Plastic accounts for around 8 percent of total waste released into Kenya's environment, but causes some 90 percent of pollution, choking land and marine ecosystems, said Wahungu.
Gilbert Obwoyere, dean of the Faculty of Environment and Resources Development at Egerton University in Njoro, said plastic waste can be found everywhere.
“Plastics hang from trees in town - there are plastics in the air when there is wind. Oceans, lakes, rivers and wells are all clogged with plastics. And they are not adding any value into the ecosystem,” he said.
For him, the ban will serve as a catalyst to invent new packaging - which Kenyans will soon have no option but to adopt.
“Once people know there are no plastics, they will come up with something that is environmentally friendly, and might even be cheaper,” he said.
But not all Kenyans are ready to make the transition.
Sammy Mwangi, a commercial motorcycle operator in Section 58 neighbourhood on the outskirts of Nakuru, is jittery about how the ban will affect employees in plastic manufacturing.
“They will lose their jobs and where does the government expect them to go?” he said.
Mokaya Nyarenchi, who hawks peeled pineapple in plastic bags in Nakuru's central business district, is also worried.
“Introducing paper-style wraps will disadvantage traders like me who sell fruit in small portions,” he said.
But for Albert Mose, a computer technician in the South Rift town of Eldoret, it's high time for Kenya to put a stop to plastic pollution.
“It's just about people changing their attitude to embrace a clean environment,” he said. ($1 = 103.0000 Kenyan shillings) (Reporting by Moraa Obiria; editing by Megan Rowling. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, resilience, women's rights, trafficking and property rights. Visit news.trust.org/climate)
Greece set to get cash to pay bills, but debt relief elusive
LUXEMBOURG Greece's international lenders are expected to agree on Thursday to unblock as much as 8 billion euros in loans that Athens desperately needs to next month to pay its bills, but to leave the contentious issue of debt relief for later.
March 28 Yungshin Global Holding Corp:
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$ 1.5 per share to shareholders for 2016
* To pay cash dividend of T$ 399.6 million in total
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/AHpZAq
Further company coverage:
(Beijing Headline News)
April 6 M3 Technologies Asia Bhd
* Refers to article entitled “M3 Ships T-Bike Devices to Indonesia” which appeared on page B6 of the New Straits Times
* Clarify supply of an estimated 285,000 units of T-Bike devices valued at 53.23 million rgt includes charges for professional services etc
* Supply will be carried out in stages over a 2-year period, commencing 12 January 2017 as set out in the said agreement Source (bit.ly/2nfITik) Further company coverage:
The Federal Reserve's ability to conduct monetary policy free of short-term political pressures is under "some threat" from two bills making their way through the U.S. Congress, Fed Chair Janet Yellen said on Monday.
Central bank independence is "very important and results in better decision-making that's focused on the long-term needs and health of the economy," Yellen said at an event at the University of Michigan's Ford School of Public Policy in Ann Arbor. Of the legislation under consideration, the one that goes the furthest to curtail the Fed's independence would require the central bank to follow a simple rule for setting interest rates and to justify any deviation from that rule, she said.
(Reporting by Ann Saphir and Jonathan Spicer; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
March 31 Nyesa Valores Corporacion SA:
* Says its unit Nyesa Explotaciones Hoteleras sells Hotel Macarena in Sevilla
* Says this operation improves the group's net worth in more than 11.1 million euros ($11.9 million)
* Says sale guarantees the fulfillment of the payment plan contained in its units creditors agreement and means a reduction of the group's financial indebtedness by more than 38.4 million euros Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9362 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Millrock Resources Inc:
* MILLROCK RESOURCES INC SAYS WILL VEND ITS TODD CREEK PROJECT TO SOJOURN EXPLORATION INC
* MILLROCK RESOURCES - IF TRANSACTION IS COMPLETED MILLROCK WILL BE 19.9% OWNER OF SOJOURN, AND ROYALTY HOLDER ON PROPERTIES
* MILLROCK RESOURCES INC - CONCURRENTLY WITH CLOSING OF PROPOSED TRANSACTION, SOJOURN‘S BOARD WILL BE RECONSTITUTED TO COMPRISE FIVE DIRECTORS
* MILLROCK RESOURCES - ADDITIONALLY, UNDER PROPOSAL, SOJOURN WILL ISSUE SHARES TO SEVEN DEVILS EXPLORATION LTD FOR FOUR BRITISH COLUMBIA PROJECTS
* MILLROCK RESOURCES-‍ SDE TEAM WILL SERVE AS INCOMING MANAGEMENT FOR SOJOURN Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
News journalists will be precluded from attending Ulster Rugby's weekly press conference at the Kingspan stadium on Tuesday afternoon at which a coach and players will preview next weekend's Guinness Pro14 match between Munster and Ulster at Thomond Park, a stance communicated via an official press release.
The statement issued to a number of newspaper and broadcast media outlets who were seeking access for news reporters to the press conference read;
“Ulster Rugby is contractually obliged by tournament organisers to deliver a match-week press conference that provides sports journalists with an opportunity to interview a coach and players regarding that week's fixture.
“As previously stated, the conduct of news journalists at a recent press conference negatively impacted our ability to deliver a meaningful event that focused on rugby content. All media outlets are welcome to send staff who would regularly cover our press conferences and matches, as they have done in the past.
“News journalists interviewed Ulster Rugby's Chief Executive following the outcome of the post-trial review, in order to allow the coaches and players to focus on on-pitch matters.”
Ulster were unhappy with the tone and line of questioning taken by a number of news reporters relating to the court case involving Paddy Jackson and Stuart Olding, across a variety of topics at a press conference on the Easter Monday.
There were a number of rugby reporters present, a small number of whom actively expressed their concern to Ulster rugby officials that a rugby press conference was essentially being hijacked and that their ability to do their work was compromised.
As The Irish Times reported last week, following the intense media interest in the wake of the trial involving Ulster rugby players Paddy Jackson and Stuart Olding, Ulster Rugby sent a statement to the Press Association (PA) claiming a decision to ban entry to some members of the press was taken because questions regarding Jackson and Olding negatively impacted the work of regular journalists.
That Ulster Rugby statement read: “The attendance of non-sport journalists at recent match week media events has caused significant disruption to regular attendees, who have been negatively impacted to the extent that they have been unable to access sufficient information and content for the days leading up to that week's game,” said the Ulster Rugby statement.
“Therefore, following consultation with regular press conference attendees, it was decided that access to this week's event would be restricted to sport journalists only.”
This assertion has been disputed by a number of the rugby journalists - there are 11 - who claim that they were not personally consulted or that it reflects the majority opinion. The Irish Times understand that what the rugby journalists sought was not the exclusion of news reporters but that Ulster Rugby would have someone present at a press conference who could deal with matters pertaining to the Trial issues and that then, the coaches and players present would be able to address rugby matters.
The rugby journalists, through a series of conference calls and group emails, wanted Ulster Rugby to clarify the position of the rugby writers, confirming that they had not sought the exclusion of any of their colleagues. That was done last Friday afternoon after the Irish Times broke the story. Ulster Rugby explained that there had been "no official consultation" with the group of rugby writers.
However at last Tuesday's press conference, one that news reporters weren't allowed to attend, Rob Herring read out a short statement from the Ulster squad expressing their “sadness” at the departure of their former team-mates. This came a day after Ulster Rugby Chief Executive Shane Logan made himself available to the BBC, UTV and PA and some sports journalists at a couple of newspapers, who were given short notification that he would be available over the phone.
BRIEF-1347 Property Insurance Holdings through unit agrees upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program
* 1347 Property Insurance Holdings- co through unit agreed upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program for 2017 - 2018 treaty year
Britain Soccer Football - Stoke City v Hull City - Premier League - bet365 Stadium - 15/4/17 Stoke City's Xherdan Shaqiri celebrates scoring their third goal with Jonathan Walters and Peter Crouch Action Images via Reuters / Carl Recine Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Stoke City v Hull City - Premier League - bet365 Stadium - 15/4/17 Hull City's Alfred N'Diaye in action with Stoke City's Bruno Martins Indi and Marko Arnautovic Action Images via Reuters / Carl Recine Livepic
Xherdan Shaqiri scored a stunning goal as Stoke City beat Hull City 3-1 in the Premier League on Saturday to end a run of four successive defeats and increase the pressure on their relegation-threatened visitors.
Stoke had fallen four places in the table since late March, but started brightly as Marko Arnautovic beat two defenders and held off a third before blazing a powerful shot in off the underside of the crossbar in the sixth minute.
Hull, vastly improved since the arrival of manager Marco Silva in January, registered a deserved equaliser when Harry Maguire finished via a deflection in the 51st minute.
Peter Crouch's accurate low header restored Stoke's lead in the 66th minute before Shaqiri settled the result, cutting in from the right before unleashing an unstoppable, dipping shot into the top corner.
"It was a big three points. An important three points. We've come through a period that was arguably our most testing of the season in terms of fixtures," Stoke manager Mark Hughes told the BBC.
"For the most part this season, we've picked up points against the teams below us and that's what we've done today. As a consequence of winning today, I think we can probably express ourselves a bit more in the remaining games."
Stoke, in 11th, have 39 points from 33 games. Hull are two points above the relegation zone with 30 points.
A vastly improved Hull, though, should be confident of picking up points from their next four games against Watford, Southampton, Sunderland and Crystal Palace.
(Reporting by Tom Hayward; Editing by Ed Osmond and Ian Chadband)
April 10 Centamin Plc:
* Centamin plc announces Q1 2017 preliminary production results
* Preliminary total gold production for quarter was 109,187 ounces, a 20 pct decrease on previous quarter and 13 pct lower than Q1 2016
* Reduction in quarterly production is in line with Centamin's forecast
* Company maintains its 2017 guidance of 540,000 ounces at a cash operating cost of $580 per ounce and all-in-sustaining cost (AISC) of us$790 per ounce
* Run of mine ore stockpile balance decreased by 191kt to 386kt at end of period
* Productivity rate was in line with our 2017 forecast of 1 million tonnes at 7.26g/t Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
BEIJING China will step up its crackdown on illegal foreign exchange deals this year as authorities boost authenticity and compliance checks on trade and investment, its forex regulator said on Wednesday.
Beijing has announced a series of measures since November to tighten capital outflow curbs, including closer scrutiny of outbound investments and individual foreign exchange purchases, to support the yuan and preserve its foreign exchange reserves.
The State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE) said in its annual report that it will "strengthen authenticity and compliance checks on trade and investment, intensify checks and punishment of illegal foreign exchange activities".
Authorities will also improve macro-prudential management on cross-border flows to ward off potential risks and "optimize" diversification of foreign exchange reserves to serve China's strategic goals, SAFE said.
China was likely to maintain a current account surplus and a deficit in capital and financial accounts in 2017, and cross-border capital flows would become more balanced, it said.
"On the one hand, the international environment is unstable, there are many uncertain factors that could cause market sentiment changes and cause fluctuations in China's cross-border capital flows," the regulator said.
"On the other hand, some factors are conducive to balanced cross-border capital outflows and inflows," it said, pointing to favorable factors including China's economic stabilization and government policies to boost foreign investment inflows.
Moves to control capital outflows and concerns over a potential further depreciation of the yuan were likely to impede the internationalization of the yuan, Fitch credit rating agency said.
China's overseas investment yields would likely increase this year, SAFE said.
From 2005 to 2016, China's foreign financial assets had an average annual investment return of 3.3 percent, lower than average annual rate of return of 6.4 percent enjoyed by foreign investment in China, it added.
The current account surplus, which was equivalent to 1.8 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) in 2016, was likely to be kept within a "reasonable range" this year, the SAFE said. The ratio was down from as high as 10 percent in 2007.
China would also push forward with its market-based yuan exchange rate reform and increase the yuan's flexibility in 2017, the regulator said.
The yuan CNY=CFXS has stabilized this year, due to curbs on capital outflows and a reversal of the dollar rally, following a fall of 6.5 percent in 2016. Still, it is widely expected to weaken further versus the dollar this year.
(Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk and Kevin Yao; Editing by Jacqueline Wong and Nick Macfie)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 29 Scana Corp
* Provided update on impact of chapter 11 filing of Westinghouse Electric Company on new nuclear project at V.C. Summer Nuclear Station
* Says agreement will be filed today with court as part of WEC's bankruptcy filings
* Agreement allows for a transition and evaluation period during which Scana, Santee Cooper will assess information provided by Westinghouse
* Co, Santee Cooper have been working with wec in anticipation of bankruptcy filing for work on project to continue toward completion of units
* Says will host call on March 29, during which management will provide update on impact of WEC's bankruptcy on new nuclear project
* Scana, Santee Cooper will assess the information provided by Westinghouse and determine "most prudent path forward for" the new nuclear project Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 3 TCC Assets-
* Press Release On "One Bangkok" Integrated Development
* TCC assets and frasers centrepoint limited will jointly develop 104 rais in bangkok
* Project with an estimated investment value of over thb 120 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
May 2 Russian Railways (IPO-RZHD.L):
* Says Russian Railways' network loaded 105.3 million tonnes of freight in April, up 3.9 pct versus year ago
* Freight turnover in April increased compared to the same month last year by 8 percent to 205 billion tariff tonne-km
* Freight turnover taking into empty wagon runs during the same period amounted to 261.2 billion tonne-km, up 7.4 pct
Source text: bit.ly/2qstKYK
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
CAPE TOWN (Reuters) - South Africa's director of rugby Rassie Erasmus believes the country has slipped further behind the world's top nations, but there is time to turn the tables before the World Cup in Japan next year.
South African Rugby (SA Rugby) sacked beleaguered coach Allister Coetzee on Friday after just 11 wins in 25 tests over the last two years.
Local media reported Erasmus was now likely to lead the side, starting with a three-test series against England in June.
Erasmus, who lost out to Coetzee for the head coach role two years ago, has recently returned from a spell with Irish club Munster and is putting into place his plans to improve South African rugby.
“We've got 18 test matches before the next World Cup and around 600 days, so we have to utilise each of those days,” he told reporters at the launch of the SA Rugby Academy in Stellenbosch on Thursday, the day before Coetzee was sacked.
”We have to get to know the players and the coaches, understand what's going on, and to integrate ourselves into their systems.
”We have to catch up a bit to the other teams that are ranked one to three, but we've started the process.
“There has already been a lot of planning going on through various levels of the game and particularly with regards to the Springboks. We are ranked sixth in the world, so my immediate focus and the big ticket is to fix things as soon as possible.”
Erasmus said it was right to look at players abroad who fit the SA Rugby selection criteria of having played 30 or more times for the Boks, but added locally-based talent should still receive preference.
“Our biggest asset is that we have a tremendous amount of players, and if we utilise those players well, then we can become one of the big powers in world rugby again,” Erasmus said.
“We have to make sure that the best talent here (domestically) will play, but if there is a player outside of that with more than 30 caps, who is fit, still wants to play and is conditioned suitably with the timing of the seasons, then we will certainly consider those players.”
TRENTON, S.C. (WJBF) — The Edgefield County Sheriff's Office is assisting other law enforcement after a riot broke out at Trenton Correctional Institute.
Dispatch tells us they are helping set up barriers outside the prison.
We have a crew on the way to the scene. Stick with NewsChannel6 for the latest.
Smoke is seen coming out from a building after an explosion in Diyarbakir, Turkey in this still frame taken from video. REUTERS/REUTERS TV
FILE PHOTO : A damaged building is seen after an explosion at a police compound in the southeastern city of Diyarbakir, Turkey, April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Sertac Kayar/File Photo
ISTANBUL Kurdish militants on Wednesday claimed responsibility for a bomb attack on a police compound in southeast Turkey that killed three people, saying more than 2 tonnes of explosives were planted in a tunnel under the complex.
The blast on Tuesday tore through the compound in Diyarbakir, the largest city in the mainly Kurdish southeast.
Authorities initially said the explosion, days before a referendum on expanding President Tayyip Erdoğan's powers, appeared to have occurred during repairs to an armoured vehicle but later said it was a terrorist attack.
The Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) said in a statement its militants had planted more than 2.5 tonnes of explosives under the complex. The PKK, which has waged an armed struggle against the state for more than three decades, is considered a terrorist group by Turkey, the United States and Europe.
"It turned out that the explosion was the result of a terrorist attack," Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu told broadcaster Haberturk on Wednesday. "They dug a tunnel and placed the explosives in the ground."
The Diyarbakir governor's office said the attackers dug a 30-metre tunnel from the basement of an adjacent building. Forensic investigations showed that about 1 tonne of explosives and diesel were detonated by timer, it said.
One officer and two civilians were killed in the blast. Four wounded people remain in hospital.
The governor's office said five people suspected of direct links to the incident had been arrested. Another 172 people "thought to be in relation with terrorists" were also detained, it said without giving details.
The attack came ahead of Sunday's referendum on changing the constitution and creating an executive presidency long sought by Erdoğan. It also marks the first militant attack since the campaigning for the April 16 referendum officially started.
Turkey faces multiple security threats, including from Islamic State and Kurdish militants. More than 40,000 people, most of them Kurds, have died since the autonomy-seeking PKK launched its insurgency in 1984.
(Reporting by Orhan Coskun, Gulsen Solaker, Ece Toksabay and Humeyra Pamuk; Writing by Daren Butler and David Dolan; Editing by Andrew Heavens and Richard Lough)
José Mourinho has conceded the title to Manchester City for the first time, the manager stating Manchester United must now strive to be the “first of the last” this season.
United are in second place, 15 points behind City with 13 matches left. Mourinho wants his side to finish there, so is intent they beat Huddersfield Town at Old Trafford on Saturday.
He said: “The game is important because we need points to be the first of the last. We have to try to finish second. We are in this position all season; we were first for a few weeks and then we were always second.
“We are better than last season in every aspect – points, position, number of goals scored, conceded – so we have to try to stay there.”
Asked how he felt to accept the championship race is over in early February, Mourinho said: “It makes me feel that they [City] are doing so well that they are not letting the others come close. The fight is open for second, third, fourth, fifth, and sixth, but is practically closed for the first.”
United are five points ahead of Tottenham, who are fifth. “I cannot say we, Tottenham or Chelsea [fourth] is doing bad because the points we have is very reasonable. But Manchester City started strong and kept doing strong and managed to win matches they didn't deserve – I give credit – with that push of the last-minute goal, the winning goal in [added] time.
“If you tell me all six [top teams] want to be champion and only one will be and the other five fail, I think is too pragmatic [clinical] a way to look at it because you can do positive work and not win the title.”
Mourinho offered an update on the injured Marouane Fellaini, Eric Bailly and Zlatan Ibrahimovic. “They [the medical team] are still working on Fellaini. It's an injury and I feel sorry for him personally and I feel sorry for the team because he's an important player for us.
Return
“Bailly and Ibrahimovic are working on the pitch but not yet with us as a group so they are not very close to a return. I want to believe that by Champions League time, around the end of the month, they will be back.” United are at Sevilla on February 21st.
Pep Guardiola disagrees with Mourinho that the title race is as good as over.
Guardiola's Manchester City hold a 15-point lead over United.
Speaking at his own press conference to preview today's trip to Burnley, Guardiola said: “There are 13 games, 39 points to play [for]. We have [a lead of] 15. It's not over. We have amazing, tough games to play, for example tomorrow. We cannot deny how complicated it is playing at Burnley.
“After that we have to go to Stoke City, Goodison Park, we have games against Arsenal, Tottenham, United, Chelsea. Definitely it's not over.”
Meanwhile, Mourinho says he has told Fellaini to “shut up” and accept Manchester United's contract offer before the seriousness of the midfielder's knee injury is diagnosed.
The manager was smiling as he recounted the conversation but behind his jokingly delivered line to Fellaini appeared to lie a serious point. Fellaini's deal ends on July 1st and the 30-year-old wants a sizeable increase on a salary thought to be around £120,000 (€136,000) a week. He suffered a knee problem that limited him to seven minutes as a substitute in Wednesday's 2-0 defeat away to Tottenham.
“I told him yesterday: ‘Sign the contract and shut up,'” said Mourinho. “I told him: ‘Don't gamble too much. Sign the contract before you know the extent of the injury.'” Mourinho estimated Fellaini would be out for up to five weeks.
– Guardian
Swiss Attorney General Michael Lauber delivers a lecture on ''The Swiss Approach to Combatng White-Collar Crime'' in Singapore October 5, 2016. REUTERS/Edgar Su
BERN Swiss Attorney General Michael Lauber expressed confidence on Wednesday that his money laundering probe into scandal-hit Malaysian fund 1MDB would bear fruit despite Malaysian authorities' refusal to cooperate.
"It's not hopeless, in fact it's the opposite," Lauber told a news conference, saying the probe was making progress
based on money-laundering reports, bank documents and work with Singapore and other countries.
"It would have been very desirable from our perspective if Malaysia had cooperated," he said. But "we're still confident that we can successfully conclude the process in this area, in particular in the open cases against the two banks," he said, referring to Swiss private banks BSI and Falcon.
Malaysia again rebuffed Switzerland's request for legal assistance in probing 1MDB, Lauber's office had said in November.
(Reporting by John Miller, Editing by Michael Shields)
LONDON, April 10 (IFR) - Britain's financial regulators are investigating Barclays chief executive Jes Staley and the bank over the handling of a whistleblowing incident.
Barclays said on Monday the investigation by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority relates to an attempt last year by Staley to identify the author of letters that were treated by Barclays as a whistleblowing incident.
Barclays said it has formally reprimanded Staley and will "very significantly" cut his bonus. But it said it will support his reappointment at the bank's annual general meeting on May 10.
Staley, the former head of JP Morgan's investment bank, became Barclays chief executive in December 2015.
The investigation relates to anonymous letters sent in June 2016 to members of the board and a senior executive that raised concerns about a senior employee who had been recruited by Barclays earlier that year, the bank said.
Barclays did not name the person but a person familiar with the matter said the letters were about Tim Main, who Staley worked with at JP Morgan. Main was hired in June 2016 as chairman of Barclays' financial institutions group, based in New York.
Main could not immediately be reached for comment.
"Amongst other issues, the letters raised concerns of a personal nature about the senior employee, Mr Staley's knowledge of and role in dealing with those issues at a previous employer, and the appropriateness of the recruitment process followed on this occasion by Barclays," Barclays said in its statement.
After being given a copy of the first letter and made aware of the second, Staley asked the bank's group information security (GIS) team attempt to identify the author or authors of the letters.
"Mr Staley considered that the letters were an unfair personal attack on the senior employee," the bank said.
Staley was told it was not appropriate to try to identify the author or authors. But in July 2016 he asked if the issue had been cleared. Following this, he had an "honestly held, but mistaken, belief was that he had clearance to identify the author of one of the letters", the bank said.
GIS asked for assistance from a US law enforcement agency in identifying the author, but it was unsuccessful and no further steps were taken to do so after that.
Main was hired from Evercore Partners, where he was senior managing director responsible for coverage of financial services clients. He previously spent more than 20 years at JP Morgan running its equity capital markets and FIG business acting as in-house adviser on the bank's own deals.
He was one of several senior people that Barclays has hired from JP Morgan since Staley's arrival. Seven of the British bank's senior executives previously worked at JP Morgan.
SYSTEMS & CONTROLS
UK regulators are also looking at Barclays' systems and controls and culture relating to whistleblowing, the bank said.
Barclays' board first heard of Staley's attempt to identify the author of the letter in early 2017, after the issue was raised by an employee, Barclays said.
The board instructed law firm Simmons & Simmons to carry out an investigation and also notified the regulators.
The board said Staley made an error in becoming involved with, and not applying appropriate governance around, the matter, and in taking action to attempt to identify the author of the letter, the bank said.
"I have apologised to the Barclays board, and accepted its conclusion that my personal actions in this matter were errors on my part," Staley said.
The board will issue a formal written reprimand to Staley and cut his variable compensation by an amount decided when the regulatory investigations conclude. The board will also look into the position of other employees involved in the incident, the bank said.
Barclays shares dipped in early trading, but were up 0.1% by midday.
The issue puts Barclays' culture under more scrutiny after a number of scandals at the bank in recent years.
"I am personally very disappointed and apologetic that this situation has occurred, particularly as we strive to operate to the highest possible ethical standards," Barclays chairman John McFarlane said.
Richard Boath, a senior former Barclays investment banker, last year claimed he was fired from the bank for whistle blowing.
Boath said in court he was dismissed as a "direct response" of what he told the Serious Fraud Office during an investigation into the bank over its fundraising from Gulf investors during the financial crisis. He is suing the bank at a London employment tribunal in a pay dispute and for unfair dismissal due to whistle blowing. (Reporting by Steve Slater)
April 10 The following financial services industry appointments were announced on Monday. To inform us of other job changes, email moves@thomsonreuters.com.
AON PLC
UK-based Aon Plc's human resources and consulting services unit Aon Hewitt named Derry Pickford as principal, asset allocation in its global asset allocation team.
CITIGROUP INC
The investment bank said it had hired Simon Francis as co-head of leverage finance for Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) from rival Credit Suisse.
ICAPITAL NETWORK
The financial technology platform that provides high-net-worth investors and their advisers access to private equity and hedge funds named Thomas Fortin managing partner and chief operating officer. [ICapital Network]
FIRST STATE INVESTMENTS
The asset management company has hired Matt Philo to lead its newly launched high yield team as part of its plan to expand its global fixed income business. (Compiled by Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru)
(Adds Farah quote)
By Ian Chadband
LONDON, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Right at the last, Mo Farah's unbeatable air could not stand up to another examination by the world's best distance runners as he was denied one final global triumph in his farewell championship track race on Saturday.
As the Briton was consoled - and congratulated on a peerless track career - by his competitors following his world 5,000 metres silver in the stadium where his legend was first properly sculpted in 2012, the only question that remained was where he stands in the annals of track distance running.
There is a powerful argument to say, after 10 straight global championship victories stretching back to the 2011 world 5,000 metres triumph in Daegu, that the 34-year-old is the greatest distance racer we have ever seen on the track.
Despite his defeat on Saturday, his ability, time and again, to fend off every challenge and tactic thrown at him -- from Ethiopian and Kenyan athletes ganging up on him to being spiked and bruised in physical races - and still sprint to victory was unprecedented during an incredible six-year reign.
His ability to strike for home with that long, loping stride, anywhere from 600 metres to 100 metres out - and then to find yet another gear when it seemed as if he was flat out - marked him as a unique talent.
Yet being considered the best racer is very different from being seen as the greatest distance athlete of all-time.
Sebastian Coe, the IAAF President and a massive fan of Farah, set the ball rolling when declaring in Friday's Evening Standard newspaper that Haile Gebrselassie was the greatest.
"When it comes to the debate on the greatest distance runner of all time, I'm tough on this," said Coe, who himself is in the shake-up for the title best middle-distance runner of them all.
"For me, it's not Mo Farah — and that's not to do a disservice to Mo, who is one of the greats of all time.
"For me that still has to be Haile Gebrselassie, for the distances that he covered, the titles he won and the world records he broke."
BOTH DISTANCES
In championship running, Farah won 10 on the trot before Saturday's setback, compared with Gebrselassie's six in a row at 10,000 metres and Kenenisa Bekele's best run of four championship wins in succession at both distances.
Yet the two Ethiopian greats also went chasing records to extraordinary effect, Bekele setting a total of three new world marks at 5,000m and 10,000m and Gebrselassie seven at the two events.
Farah has never been down that route, with his capacity for really fast times never examined.
It remains an extraordinary fact that the most successful championship runner ever at 5,000m with five global titles, is ranked only the 31st-fastest runner of all time, at 12 minutes 53.11 seconds. Bekele holds the world record at 12:37.35.
At 10,000 metres, in which Farah has also won a record five global golds, he is also still only the 16th-fastest (26:46.57), nearly half a minute down on Bekele's world record of 26:17.53.
Bekele, a year older than Farah at 35, won nine global golds, once went unbeaten for eight years at 10,000 metres, won 11 world cross-country titles and now holds the second-fastest marathon time in history (2 hours 3 minutes 3 seconds).
For the moment, even if Gebrselassie was the great Ethiopian trailblazer, it seems fair to rank Bekele the highest for his all-round achievements on the track, country and roads.
Yet Farah, who has run only one marathon, finishing eighth in London in 2014 in a relatively modest 2:08:21, believes he can make a big impact on the roads.
The most amazing tale in the annals of British athletics may not quite have run its course yet.
As Farah, who admitted to being tearful after an amotional night, said after his race: "As I'm getting older, it's getting a bit more challenging and that's the reason I'm going to end on the track and see what I can do on the roads.
"This is end of in terms of major championships, I'm done. I've closed that chapter of my life. I want to start a new challenge in my life." (Editing by Ed Osmond)
March 31 Singapore Exchange Ltd-
* Baltic Exchange Limited has increased its investment in its wholly-owned subsidiary, Baltic Exchange Derivatives Trading Limited
* Increase in BEDT's share capital will not have any material impact on earnings per share of co and group for current financial year
* Increased its investment in baltic exchange derivatives by increasing share capital of bedt from gbp3.1 million comprising of 3.1 million a ordinary shares of gbp1.00 each Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
WASHINGTON (AP) — New federal data show that black students continue to be expelled and suspended from school much more frequently than their white peers.
The report released by the Education Department on Tuesday is likely to add to an already tense national debate about what causes such racial disparities. Civil rights groups believe that racial bias is at play and insist that federal protections are necessary. Other experts say that imposing discipline restrictions on schools causes chaos in classrooms.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos is considering scrapping Obama-era rules that were meant to counter those disparities.
Data shows that while black students represented 8 percent of all enrolled students in 2015-2016, they accounted for 25 percent of suspensions. Black girls made up 8 percent of all students and 14 percent of suspensions.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 31 Xg Technology Inc:
* Xg Technology Inc - as reflected in financial statements, co had accumulated deficit at dec 31, 2016 of $209.3 million, net loss of about $20.9 million
* Xg technology - has substantial doubt about co's ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least one year from date of filing annual report
* Xg technology - as of dec 31, 2016, company has been funding business principally through debt and equity financings and advances from related parties
* Xg technology - company expects cash flows from operating activities to be positively affected as a result of the acquisition of vislink in february 2017 Source text (bit.ly/2oqAZiO) Further company coverage:
* Election nerves push French-German spread to 6-wk high
* Investors sell low-rated euro zone govt bonds
* Yield on safe haven German bond hits fresh 5-week low
* Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr (Updates prices)
By Abhinav Ramnarayan
LONDON, April 10 France's borrowing costs hit their highest level compared with Germany's for six weeks on Monday, as investors fretted over the rise of far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon in polls before this month's presidential vote.
Melenchon's emergence over the past week has raised the possibility that he will square off against far-right leader Marine Le Pen in the election's decisive second round in May, making the final result unpredictable.
"Two weeks ago, investors were starting to get comfortable with the idea of a Macron victory, but with the rise of Melenchon this is on the verge of becoming a four-horse race," said Rabobank strategist Lyn Graham-Taylor.
"A Melenchon win would be a very market-unfriendly event," Graham-Taylor added. "Enough reason to go short on France if you weren't already."
The gap between French and German bond yields has shot wider in recent months on the possibility that Le Pen will win the keys to the Elysee Palace and try to take France out of the euro single currency bloc.
The spread came off its February highs as centrist Emmanuel Macron made gains and polls suggested he would go face to face with Le Pen in the second round and win comfortably.
But recent polls have shown the race tightening as the front-runners faltered and Communist-backed maverick Melenchon surged after strong performances in two televised candidates' debates.
France's 10-year bond yield rose as much as 7 basis points to 0.95 percent, stretching the gap with German equivalents to 72 basis points, its widest since Feb. 27.
Investors also dumped low-rated South European government bonds such as Italy's on Monday with yields on 10-year bonds up 2 bps on the day.
These "peripheral" bonds tend to perform badly when there are concerns over the future of the euro zone.
A heavy week of supply could also be weighing on government bonds in a shortened week when liquidity would naturally be low anyway, said Lenk. Five euro zone countries are due to sell bonds via auctions this week.
There were yield gains further up the ratings curve as well, but monetary policy expectations and increased geopolitical risk pushed German 10-year yields a touch lower to a fresh five-week low of 0.213 percent.
Commerzbank analysts attributed this to reduced expectations for rate rises, prompted by dovish comments from European Central Bank policymakers.
ECB President Mario Draghi said on Thursday he saw no need to deviate from the ECB's stated policy path, which includes bond-buying at least until the end of the year and record-low rates until well after that.
Demand for low-risk assets also rose because of U.S. missile strikes on Syria which have increased tensions in the Middle East and worsened Russia-U.S. relations.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan; Editing by Andrew Roche)
April 13 Ergomed Plc:
* Neil Clark will step down as a director of Ergomed Plc with effect from 16 april 2017
* Clark leaving to become chief executive officer of Destiny Pharma Limited
* dr. Jan petracek will step into role of chief executive officer of primevigilance Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
FILE PHOTO: The logo of the pharmaceutical company Stada Arzneimittel AG is pictured at its headquarters in Bad Vilbel near Frankfurt, Germany March 14, 2012. REUTERS/Alex Domanski
BAD VILBEL, Germany The head of Stada (STAGn.DE), the German drugmaker at the centre of a takeover battle, confirmed his car had been bugged last year but reassured investors that the company had not suffered as a result.
"I have no reason to assume that any confidential business information went into the wrong hands," Chief Executive Matthias Wiedenfels told a news conference on Wednesday after the group announced annual financial results.
The disclosure comes at a sensitive time as Stada is the subject of a 4.7 billion euro ($5.1 billion) takeover fight between two rival private equity consortia. It was not clear who was responsible for the bugging and no suggestion that it was connected to the takeover battle.
Germany's Manager Magazin reported last week that Wiedenfels found a listening device in his car and that he was also anonymously sent photographs taken of him in confidential business situations and outside of the office.
The chief executive said the issue occurred last summer and had been put to rest as far as he was concerned. He would not say whether police of state prosecutors had been informed at the time.
Wiedenfels replaced long-serving Stada boss Hartmut Retzlaff last June after Retzlaff stepped down on health grounds.
BIDDING PROCESS
The takeover battle for Stada pits a combination of Advent and Permira against Bain and Cinven. Both have made takeover offers at 58 euros per share, valuing the company at 4.7 billion euros including debt, according to people familiar with the matter.
Stada last week asked the competing suitors to improve their offers but Wiedenfels said the process remained on track.
"The bidding process that we have initiated is intact in every respect," Wiedenfels told reporters at the group's Bad Vilbel headquarters close to Frankfurt.
When asked about rumours that non-executive Chairman Carl Ferdinand Oetker had proposed a takeover price of 70 euros per share to the bidders, Wiedenfels said he had not heard Oetker voice such a price.
"Neither the supervisory board nor the management board have come forward with a price target," the chief executive said.
Stada shares traded 0.5 percent lower at 56.84 euros on Wednesday afternoon.
($1 = 0.9270 euros)
(Editing by Victoria Bryan and Keith Weir)
WELLINGTON Heavy overnight rain ended New Zealand's hopes of winning the third test against South Africa and levelling the series at 1-1 on Wednesday when the final day in Hamilton was abandoned without a ball being bowled.
South Africa clinched the three-match series 1-0 having won the second game in Wellington by eight wickets with the first test in Dunedin also ending in a draw after a final day washout.
New Zealand had been in a strong position to win the match after reducing South Africa to 80 for five in their second innings with the tourists still requiring another 95 runs to make their hosts bat again.
South Africa captain Faf du Plessis and wicketkeeper Quinton de Kock were both on 15 not out and have proved in the past to be difficult to dislodge.
But there was no doubting that without the rain, New Zealand would have been in with an excellent chance of claiming a first test victory over the Proteas since 2004.
"We were lucky to get so much cricket in but the frustrating part was to be so far developed in the match and to be in a strong position and then the last day to be rained off," said captain Kane Williamson.
"Congratulations to South Africa on the series win, they deserved it. With a side like South Africa you can't afford to give them an inch and we had one bad day's test cricket, they pounced and that decided the series."
The hosts, however, can take some heart from their Hamilton performance, especially since they had been given little chance of levelling the series before the Seddon Park match began.
They had been beaten inside three days in the second test and were weakened by the absence of new-ball bowlers Trent Boult and Tim Southee as well as batting mainstay Ross Taylor.
Du Plessis had said Taylor and Williamson were the key New Zealand wickets for his side to take, reasoning that the rest of the lineup was still inexperienced or untested in the longest form of the game.
It was, however, openers Jeet Raval, who scored 88, and Tom Latham, who ended a poor run of form with a 50, who weathered a torrid examination from the South African bowlers to set the platform for New Zealand's strong first innings score of 489.
They also batted for more than two hours and put on 83 for the first wicket, allowing Williamson to come to the crease with the shine off the new ball.
Williamson eventually scored his 17th test century, which moved him level with former captain Martin Crowe as New Zealand's most prolific century maker.
He was dismissed for 176 and while visibly annoyed at not being able to kick on to a deserved double century, there was still some fight left in the middle order.
Mitchell Santner, who ground out a stubborn 41, and Colin de Grandhomme (57) ensured the Proteas were fatigued on the fourth day - to the point where they appeared resigned to accepting a draw as the best result they could achieve.
"It's fair to say that New Zealand outplayed us in this game," du Plessis said. "They can count themselves very unlucky because they outplayed us in every department.
"We got saved by the rain."
(Reporting by Greg Stutchbury; Editing by Nick Mulvenney)
Argentina says 1st quarter 2017 unemployment rate was 9.2 percent
BUENOS AIRES, June 14 Argentina's unemployment rate was 9.2 percent in the first quarter of 2017, the government's Indec statistics agency said in a report on Wednesday, compared with 7.6 percent in the fourth quarter of last year. (Reporting by Hugh Bronstein and Luc Cohen; editing by Diane Craft)
ATHENS Greece's largest opposition party, the conservative New Democracy, said on Tuesday it would not support the deal cut by Athens and its lender when it comes to parliament.
"We will not vote in the new austerity measures that cut pension and tax Greece more," spokesman Vassilis Kikilias told Reuters.
The government has a small but working majority. It is expected to succeed in passing the new measures which stem from the latest bailout review by the European Union and International Monetary Fund.
(Reporting by Lefteris Papadimas Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
April 6 French Government:
* Economy Ministry says in statement has given preliminary green light to plan by Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri to buy a stake in STX France
* Fincantieri will have stake of around 48 percent in STX France, French state will retain 33 percent, French military shipbuilder DCNS will have around 12 percent and Italy's Fondazione CRT will have the rest, says Industry Minister Christophe Sirugue
* DCNS will be on the board of STX France, Sirugue says Further company coverage: (Reporting by paris.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
LONDON (Reuters) - Rupert Murdoch's Fox is hoping the creation of an independent editorial board to protect the news channel at bid target Sky (SKYB.L) will satisfy regulators and allow it to finally take control of the European pay-TV group.
Britain's competition regulator told Twenty-First Century Fox (FOXA.O) last month that Murdoch's near eight-year, $15.7 billion pursuit of Sky would be blocked unless a way is found to prevent the media mogul from influencing Sky News after a deal.
Fox had earlier offered to create an editorial board with a majority of independent directors. People familiar with the matter, lawyers and investors believe a stronger mechanism to guarantee independence should be enough to gain approval.
The takeover is being closely watched in the United States where Fox has agreed to sell most of its assets including Sky to Walt Disney Co (DIS.N), which wants to buy all of Sky in the deal and not just the 39 percent that Fox already owns.
WORKING ON A SOLUTION
Fox is likely to have taken encouragement from a comment from the regulator that given that Fox may not own Sky for long, it will be willing to accept the most cost-effective solution.
“Fox are still confident they can get the deal done,” a person familiar with the situation said. “They're working on new suggestions for the remedies.”
As Britain's biggest owner of national newspapers, every move by Murdoch is scrutinised by his political allies and enemies alike. Britain's competition regulator worries that a deal to own all of Sky News would give him too much sway over public opinion.
Prime Minister Theresa May's government has the final say on the deal, but will have to stick to the regulator's advice or face possible legal action.
Lawyers and consultants think Fox can land Sky by offering a fully independent board for Sky News and long-term funding, preventing it from having to make the more costly option of spinning off the channel or selling it completely.
Sky, Europe's leading pay-TV provider in 23 million homes across Britain, Ireland, Austria, Germany and Italy, has kept up the pressure by warning it could close the loss-making but award-winning channel if it prevented a takeover.
ROLLING NEWS
Sky News launched in 1989 when Murdoch, having shaken up the newspaper market, sought to smash the dominance of the BBC and commercial network ITV by launching four channels as part of a new paid-for satellite service.
The 24-hour channel, the first in Britain to follow in the footsteps of global pioneer CNN, immediately gave the fledgling network visibility, and it has punched above its weight in terms of influence ever since.
Watched closely in newsrooms, boardrooms and the offices of state, Sky News is a politically neutral outlet that has forced the taxpayer-funded BBC to up its game in rolling news.
The challenge is to find a system that protects Sky News' independence without forcing so much separation that it puts the channel into financial jeopardy. Murdoch has funded Sky News through nearly 30 years of losses.
It has an average weekly reach of 4.4 million viewers, or average share of TV viewing of 0.56 percent, according to BARB ratings for the week ended Jan. 21. It reaches millions more through its online and radio output.
FILE PHOTO: Rupert Murdoch, Chairman of Fox News Channel attends Rafael Nadal of Spain's match against Kevin Anderson of South Africa at the U.S. Open in New York, September 10, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Segar/File Photo
In its provisional findings, the competition regulator suggested a system where independent directors form an Editorial Board for Sky News, perhaps appointed by media regulator Ofcom.
The Board would appoint the head of Sky News, who would in turn retain editorial control.
The regulator has asked interested parties to respond.
”It is a difficult circle to square,“ said a competition lawyer who is familiar with the case. ”It has to be independent enough to still be a viable independent voice, but not so independent that it is left to wither away. “But it can be done.”
DISNEY DIMENSION
Were the government and regulator to decide that the proposal does not go far enough, they could insist that in order to complete the deal, Fox should spin off or sell Sky News.
In 2011, when Murdoch last tried and failed to buy Sky, he offered to put the news outlet into a new company with shares given to existing Sky shareholders. Reviewing the different options, the regulator has noted that Sky News has never previously constituted a standalone business, perhaps indicating its fears about how it would fare.
The regulator has also acknowledged that Sky could next year be owned by Disney, a business that doesn't have any news outlets in Britain, meaning its concerns would lapse.
Fox is now working on a response and is likely to address the concerns raised by the regulator about its earlier plan, including how the board members would be appointed and whether a majority of independents would be enough.
Twenty-First Century Fox and Sky declined to comment.
“As long as Fox is willing to submit the right remedies, it will get done,” said one hedge fund manager with investments in both companies.
IS PRICE RIGHT?
But the lengthy process has caused agitation among some shareholders, who say Fox should now stump up more than the headline 10.75 pounds per share.
“Basically, here is Fox being bought-out on 12 times cashflow,” Crispin Odey, whose hedge fund is a 0.9 percent investor in Sky, said in December. “If we (Sky shareholders) were being sold on 12 times cashflow we'd be at 12.30 pounds.”
Activist investor Elliott Management Corp, founded by Paul Singer, has also built a stake in Sky of 1.29 percent.
One London-based adviser said: “An effective ring-fencing of Sky News in some form should solve all the concerns of the regulator. Once that is done, Elliott is likely to push for a better price.”
Media Secretary Matt Hancock has said he will rule on the deal by June 14.
If approved, it will go to a vote of Sky independent shareholders, paving the way for the 86-year-old Murdoch to finally get his hands on a company he has long coveted.
May 3 International Personal Finance Plc :
* Q1 group customer numbers decreased by 2 pct
* Group Q1 growth in credit issued of 5 pct
* Q1 IPF digital credit issued grew by 61 pct
* Q1 IPF digital customer numbers grew by 47 pct
* Q1 IPF digital customer numbers grew by 47 pct
* Credit quality and collections in home credit business overall good; annualised impairment as percentage of revenue at 26.4 pct
* Q1 Mexico home credit customer numbers grew by 4 pct
* Q1 europe home credit customer numbers contracted by 9 pct
* Credit issued in Q1 reduced by 5 pct reflecting growth in Hungary and Bulgaria but offset by a contraction in Romania
* Q1 Mexico home credit issued grew by 20 pct
* Q1 Europe home credit issued decreased by 7 pct
* Implemented new processes to ensure compliance with new regulations in Romania; working to improve performance in this market
* IPF Digital Q1 performance driven by our new digital markets of Poland, Australia, Spain And Mexico; credit issued growth was 254 pct
* There have been no material changes to regulatory framework since our 2016 full-year results announcement Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
PARIS, March 29 Indonesia has signed a letter of intent to buy Airbus A400M military aircraft, the office of French President Francois Hollande said on Wednesday.
The provisional agreement was signed during a visit by Hollande to Indonesia and covers an unspecified number of aircraft, according to a list of deals issued by his office.
If completed, it would provide the troubled European military programme with a second export customer after Malaysia.
A previous deal to export A400M airplanes to South Africa was cancelled in 2009. Chile was also at one time seen as an export partner for the aircraft, which has run into billions of euros of cost overruns and years of development delays. (Reporting by Cyril Altmeyer, Tim Hepher; editing by Alexander Smith)
McCracken County Public Library Homebound/Outreach Coordinator Cathy Edwards won the 2017 Kentucky Public Library Association's James Harrison Award for Outstanding Bookmobile/Outreach Services.
The award recognizes librarians who have made distinguished contributions to the development, promotion, and implementation of outreach services in his or her local community.
Edwards has served in her current role for six years, providing people closely bound to their homes and those residing in hospitals, nursing homes, and assisted living facilities with access to library materials that meet their needs and interests.
She will be recognized at an awards luncheon on Thursday, April 20 during the Kentucky Public Library Association's annual conference in Lexington, Ky.
Download the KFVS News app: iPhone | Android
Copyright 2017 KFVS. All rights reserved.
April 30 (Gracenote) - Line-ups for the second Test between West Indies and Pakistan on Sunday in Bridgetown, Barbados West Indies won toss and decided to bat West Indies: Kraigg Brathwaite, Kieran Powell, Shimron Hetmyer, Shai Hope, Vishaul Singh, Roston Chase, Shane Dowrich, Jason Holder (capt), Devendra Bishoo, Alzarri Joseph, Shannon Gabriel Pakistan: Azhar Ali, Ahmed Shehzad, Babar Azam, Younis Khan, Misbah-ul-Haq (capt), Asad Shafiq, Sarfraz Ahmed, Mohammad Amir, Yasir Shah, Shadab Khan, Mohammad Abbas Referees: Richard Kettleborough (Umpire), Bruce Oxenford (Umpire), Richard Illingworth (TV umpire), Chris Broad (Match referee)
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has made it increasingly clear that the agency's enforcement unit will be less aggressive going forward.
But that move could actually expose fintechs to more risk, not less.
Late last month, acting Director Mick Mulvaney told a conference of state attorneys general that the CFPB would no longer be “pushing the envelope” or “look[ing] to create law where there isn't” through enforcement actions. Instead, the acting director said, the CFPB will be “looking to the state regulators and state attorneys general for a lot more leadership when it comes to enforcement.” This would amount to a considerable change that comes with its own set of risks for companies that deal with consumers or the public.
The CFPB's overall scaling back of enforcement activity under acting Director Mick Mulvaney could, in fact, make fintech companies have more to worry about. Bloomberg News
For the emerging fintech space, one key area of concern in the pre-Mulvaney regime was the CFPB's enforcement of the Dodd-Frank Act's prohibition on unfair, deceptive, or abusive trade practices. Since many fintech companies rely heavily on the collection and analysis of consumer data — think payment companies and marketplace lenders — those companies' practices and disclosures around protecting that data risked possible CFPB action.
Recall, for example, the CFPB's enforcement action in 2016 against Dwolla for misrepresenting its data security practices. Dwolla had represented to its customers that its data protection practices surpassed the industry standard for protection, and that consumer information was “securely encrypted and stored.” In reality, the CFPB charged, Dwolla failed to encrypt sensitive personal information and did not perform adequate data security testing on its services. According to the CFPB, Dwolla's misrepresentations concerning its data security environment amounted to deceptive trade practices, and the company was ordered to pay a penalty and address flaws in its data security scheme.
Under the new regime, it is not yet clear whether the CFPB's overall scaling back of enforcement activity will affect its approach to the data-driven fintech space. But should the CFPB leave these issues to state authorities, fintech companies may, counterintuitively, have more to worry about.
The perception that federal enforcers have left a field open may embolden the agency's state counterparts to step into the fray. It was not that long ago that Eliot Spitzer's aggressive enforcement of New York law led news outlets to dub him the “Sheriff of Wall Street,” amid questions about the SEC's scaled-back role in the securities markets. Indeed, state attorneys general have been indicating for months that they intend to step up to fill gaps left by federal authorities. (It is possible, of course, that other federal regulators, such as the FTC, could also seek to fill a perceived vacuum.)
For state authorities looking for an increased role in the market, fintech companies' protection of consumer information could become an area of focus. All 50 states have statutes prohibiting unfair and deceptive practices. And state attorneys general know how to use their authority to bring enforcement actions for data-privacy-related failures. Acting Director Mulvaney has also indicated that he will generally not interfere with state actions to enforce provisions of Dodd-Frank itself, which the statute authorizes.
In all, with the CFPB encouraging state authorities to step into the fray, the consequence of the CFPB's preference for less enforcement at the federal level may not mean less enforcement activity overall. Instead, it could lead to more inconsistent and unpredictable efforts by state authorities under a disparate set of views of what practices are acceptable.
In the meantime, fintech companies must remain vigilant regarding their privacy practices and disclosures to make sure they are up to snuff in all the jurisdictions in which they operate.
UPDATE 1-Russia's Polyus sets price range for share offer in London, Moscow
MOSCOW, June 15 Russia's top gold producer Polyus said on Thursday it had set a price range for the offering of between 7 and 9 percent of its shares, including new shares, in London and Moscow.
BRIEF-China Science Publishing & Media says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.033 yuan per share(before tax) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
SE Asia Stocks-Philippines climbs on gains in property stocks; Singapore falls
By Nicole Pinto June 15 Philippine shares rose on Thursday, driven by gains in real estate stocks, while Singapore was headed for a third session of fall in four, dragged down by financials. Other Southeast Asian stock markets traded in a narrow range as soft U.S. economic data and a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve hurt investor sentiment. The Fed raised interest rates as expected on Wednesday and gave a first clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2-trillion
LONDON Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond said on Wednesday that Britain would need to make concessions to the European Union in order to secure the best deal for the country to leave the bloc.
"Every negotiation is about give and take on both sides and we have to go into this discussion understanding and accepting that we will have to do some give and take to get the best possible deal for Britain," Hammond told broadcaster Sky News.
Later on Wednesday Prime Minister Theresa May plans to formally notify the EU that Britain wants to leave, starting two years of exit talks.
"It has to be a deal that works for Britain and for its European Union partners, that's the only way you can get a deal done. But I'm confident as we've explored over the last nine months with our EU partners that we have a sufficient meeting of minds on this issue," Hammond said.
Hammond said leaving the EU would ensure Britain regained control over immigration, as well as reasserting the supremacy of Britain's parliament and court.
(Reporting by David Milliken; editing by Kate Holton)
April 28 FTN Cocoa Processors Plc:
* FY ended Dec 2016 loss before taxation of 847.2 million naira versus loss of 201.2 million naira year ago
* FY revenue of 855.4 million naira versus 1.37 billion naira year ago
* Ssays directors do not recommend payment of any dividend in year 2016 in view of loss sustained during the year Source: bit.ly/2qeFtNs Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
TAIPEI May 3 Taiwan stocks rose on Wednesday, tracking other regional bourses higher, with Apple Inc suppliers including TSMC shrugging off a surprise dip in sales for the iPhone maker.
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co (TSMC), the world's top contract chipmaker and a major Apple supplier, climbed 0.5 percent.
Hon Hai Precision Industry, another major supplier, added 0.5 percent.
Apple reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales for its second quarter on Tuesday, indicating that customers may have held back purchases in anticipation of the 10th-anniversary edition of the company's most important product later this year.
As of 0135 GMT, the main TAIEX index rose 0.2 percent to 9,960.55, on track towards the 10,000-point milestone, which would be its highest intraday level in two years.
The electronics subindex rose 0.3 percent, while the financials subindex gained 0.2 percent.
The Taiwan dollar firmed T$0.075 to T$29.987 per U.S. dollar. (Reporting by Faith Hung; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
It was an exciting day outside the Lindo Wing yesterday. With the news that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge had welcomed their third child into the world, the growing group of dedicated supporters celebrated outside St Mary's Hospital all afternoon.
Kate was taken to the private maternity unit before 6am on Monday morning. At lunchtime, Kensington Palace confirmed that she gave birth to a baby boy just after 11am. This was the news that the fans had been hoping to hear, but there was one moment that was worth waiting for - the first look at the newest member of the family.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty Images
And, er, some people went to some serious lengths not to miss it.
"Today was my last day in the UK. I saw on the news that the royal baby was on the way so I walked to the hospital, and have been here since," Jenna Abi-Mansour, a 20-year-old student from Illinois, USA, told Cosmopolitan UK. "My flight was supposed to be at 4pm, but I changed it to to 7pm."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
With the intention of seeing the Duke and Duchess and the new prince appear from the hospital doors, Jenna was hoping to stick around all evening. When she called her airline to make the amendments to her return journey, she found it would be too expensive to delay her flight even further. Still, she didn't leave feeling too disappointed.
"I saw Prince William, so that's something," she said. "I love the royals, I love the way they present themselves, and the way they're portrayed in the media. I'm fascinated by their lives - they're like celebrities. My family back home are really excited too, they love the royals as well."
Jenna managed to see Prince William at least Getty Images
Jenna wasn't the only crowd member who was hoping her visit to London would coincide with the royal birth.
Swathya, a 20-year-old from Boston, has been in London for four months studying finance at university of London. She said: "This doesn't happen every day, and ever since I've been in London I've been waiting for Kate to give birth."
With the first pictures of the newborn now in, the world is now waiting for one more piece of information - what the prince will be called?
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
April is National Kite Month and the Lahaina Restoration Foundation's Chinese Kite Festival will celebrate with two days of kite festivities from April 6-7, 2018.
The event will feature kite making crafts, kids' smart games and Chinese foods along with music, free kite flying and acrobatic sport kite demonstrations.
Beginning Monday, April 2, the Wo Hing Museum will offer free admission to see its colorful kite displays.
During the Wo Hing Museum festival on Friday, April 6, guests can see kites from around the world in traditional and modern styles. Kites will also be available for purchase. Presentations will be made by Dr. Busaba Yip on Ancient Chinese Kites and by Kite Master Robert Loera on East Indian Kite Fighting at 2 p.m. and again at 6 p.m.
Busaba Yip, Ph.D, Wo Hing Cultural Director for Lahaina Restoration Foundation said, “I hope our Kite Festival will bring all kite lovers together with our community. The joy of kite flying is not only for the ones who fly kites but also for those who watch them.”
Also on Friday, from 3 to 8 p.m., kids of all ages are invited to design, make and fly their own kite, using mixed media. Maui Toy Works will offer trendsetting smart games for kids to play. Chinese food and desserts by Only ‘Ono BBQ will be available for sale in the garden where festival-goers can relax and listen to traditional Chinese music.
On Saturday, April 7 the whole family will be able to fly kites at the open space lawn adjacent to Lahaina Cannery Mall between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. In addition to flying their own kites, participants can design and make a kite, and watch Robert Loera of the Hawai‘i Kitefliers Association demonstrate acrobatic sport kite flying.
ADVERTISEMENT
“I love showing my mastery of flying all kites, big or small, and seeing the smiles on people's faces as they gaze up at colorful kites in the big blue sky,” Kite Master Robert Loera said.
Wo Hing Museum will be open continuously from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. on Friday with free admission. For more information, call the museum at 808-661-5553.
TORONTO Rescue crews found the body of the last of five hikers who went missing over the weekend when an avalanche hit a popular British Columbia trail, and the victims will be identified on Monday, Canadian police said.
Crews found the bodies of four people near the bottom of Mount Harvey on Sunday, and found a fifth several hours later, a Royal Canadian Mounted Police spokeswoman, Staff Sergeant Jolaine Percival of the Squamish detachment said on Monday.
The RCMP received a distress call from a hiker on Saturday after a cornice - an overhanging mass of ice - collapsed on the peak of the mountain about 33 km (21 miles) north of Vancouver.
The hiker spotted footprints leading to the summit, and expressed concern for the safety of anyone in the area, RCMP said.
Authorities were expected to identify the hikers once next of kin were informed. Family members of the hikers gathered at a school in Lions Bay near the trail where the walkers went missing, the Vancouver Sun newspaper said.
All five hikers were from Vancouver's Korean community and were members of two local Korean hiking clubs, the South China Morning Post reported.
(Reporting by Anna Mehler Paperny; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Infotmic Co Ltd
* Says 4 million shares held by controlling shareholder were frozen in order by Shanghai Huangpu district people's court, from Jan. 30, 2018 to Jan. 29, 2021
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/bN5DX7
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
A police dog handler patrols in Parliament Square following the attack in Westminster earlier in the week, in central London, Britain March 26, 2017. REUTERS/Neil Hall
Armed police patrol the streets following the attack in Westminster earlier in the week, in central London, Britain March 26, 2017. REUTERS/Neil Hall
LONDON Two reviews will be held into the attack last week in which a man killed a police officer within the grounds of parliament, the speaker of Britain's lower house said on Wednesday.
Khalid Masood drove a car through a crowd of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, killing three and injuring about 50, before running through the gates of parliament and fatally stabbing a police officer before he was shot dead.
"As would be normal after such events, we are seeking to make sure that any lessons are learned, through two reviews," House of Commons speaker John Bercow said in a statement.
The first will be an external independent review of how the perimeter of the parliamentary estate is secured and protected and will produce a preliminary report by the end of April.
The second will look at the lessons learned from parliament's response to the attack and will report back by the end of June.
(Reporting by Kylie MacLellan; editing by Stephen Addison)
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
FRANKFORT, Ky. (AP) — Another 1,965 people in eastern Kentucky could lose their federal benefits because of a disgraced attorney who made millions by bribing judges and doctors to OK disability checks for his clients.
The Social Security Administration plans to notify nearly 2,000 people in eastern Kentucky that they will have to defend their status in court. All of them are connected to Eric Conn, a flamboyant attorney who billed himself as "Mr. Social Security" in television ads before his empire crumbled beneath the weight of a federal investigation. About half of those new cases involve Conn and a convicted former administrative law judge, according to Social Security Administration Acting Press Officer Mark Hinkle.
Hinkle said the new cases were identified by the Office of the Inspector General in November. U.S. Rep. Hal Rogers' office said notifications will go out soon, but in a piecemeal fashion instead of all at once. People affected will have a hearing before an administrative law judge to determine if they can keep their benefits. People will have at least 30 days to gather evidence and hire attorneys. Disability payments will continue throughout the redetermination process.
These new batch of cases is in addition to the 1,800 cases associated with Conn's law practice the federal government has already reviewed. Some of them have sued the government seeking to stop those redetermination hearings. That case is pending in federal court.
Advertisement
"It is heartbreaking to witness the tragic impact that Eric C. Conn's fraud scheme continues to have on the lives of people living in Eastern Kentucky," Rogers said. "While I appreciate notification from the Social Security Administration, I question the need for additional redetermination hearings while litigation is still pending in the federal court system."
Beginning in May 2015, the federal government suspended benefits for hundreds of eastern Kentuckians associated with Conn, prompting panic in one of the poorest regions of the country heavily dependent on those checks. The government eventually restored those benefits until each person could have a hearing, but not before a few people killed themselves in what family members said was caused by the stress of losing their checks.
Eventually, 1,800 people had their cases reviewed and 1,500 had redetermination hearings. Of those 1,800 initial cases, about 53 percent kept their benefits "received favorable or partially favorable decisions," Hinkle said.
Those hearings took more than a year to resolve. Nearly all of the people involved could not afford attorneys, prompting a nationwide search for lawyers who could represent them for free. Robert Johns, executive director of AppalRed Legal Aid, said 136 lawyers volunteered, including 59 from Kentucky.
"We thought we were done with that," Johns said of those initial 1,800 cases. "We're going to likely be gearing up for the same kind of effort to try to get these (new) folks some help."
Conn pleaded guilty to federal charges last year. But just before he was supposed to be sentenced, Conn removed his electronic monitoring bracelet and fled. He led state and federal authorities on a chase for six months before he was captured in December at a Pizza Hut in Honduras. He's now back in custody in Kentucky, where he faces more charges.
Ned Pillersdorf, an eastern Kentucky attorney who has represented several of Conn's former clients, said he worried about the impact this second round of notices will have on the region.
"This will hit eastern Kentucky like a nuclear bomb," he said.
Last week, Sony Pictures announced its plan to offer “clean” versions of certain films as bonus content when purchased in their original form on services like iTunes, Vudu and FanfangoNOW, “adapted for a wider audience.”
But, this news wasn't met with the most positive of reactions, especially from Seth Rogen who tweeted, “Holy shit please don't do this to our movies. Thanks.” A representative for director Adam McKay, whose films Step Brothers and Talladega Nights are on Sony's list, said to The Hollywood Reporter that he “would not have agreed to this.”
Holy shit please don't do this to our movies. Thanks. https://t.co/0lpoESaIQd — Seth Rogen (@Sethrogen) June 6, 2017
We can now add Judd Apatow to that list as well, who naturally offered a very unclean response to the announcement, tweeting, “This is absolute bullshit and @sony and @SonyPictures is gonna get hell for F—KING with our movies. Shove the clean versions up your asses!”
This is absolute bullshit and @sony and @SonyPictures is gonna get hell for FUCKING with our movies.Shove the clean versions up your asses! https://t.co/UhRUP0ZIlz — Judd Apatow (@JuddApatow) June 13, 2017
The Directors Guild of America is no fan of the plan either, saying in a statement Tuesday that Sony is violating the guild's master contract with major studios: “Directors have the right to edit their feature films for every non-theatrical platform, plain and simple. Taking a director's edit for one platform, and then releasing it on another — without giving the director the opportunity to edit — violates our Agreement. Throughout the years, the DGA has achieved hard-fought creative rights gains protecting our members from such practices. As creators of their films, directors often dedicate years of hard work to realize their full vision, and they rightfully have a vested interest in protecting that work. We are committed to vigorously defending against the unauthorized alteration of films.”
Sony's current plan includes only 24 titles, and could certainly lead to a tonal shift for more than a few Apatow and Rogen movies, which are known for their, shall we say, language. But it also isn't an unheard of practice — airlines often use censored versions, and cable networks typically air edited and censored versions on primetime. But this will be the first time you'll be able to purchase something a little more sanitary (and watch it with your kids in the room).
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
April 6 China Oil and Gas Group Ltd
* Proposed issue of usd denominated senior notes
* China oil and gas - intends to use proceeds of proposed notes issue to repay certain existing indebtedness including 2013 notes and for general corporate purpose
* Approval in-principle has been received from sgx-st for listing and quotation of notes on sgx-st Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
Maybe you heard on National Public Radio last weekend that the number of medical diagnostic codes is about to be increased from 18,000 to more than 140,000 in America. These codes (called ICD-10) are used to describe just what medical condition your doctor uncovers during a visit to the hospital or her office.
As you can imagine, the new expanded set gets much more specific than the earlier one. What might before have been described broadly as a burn, for instance, can now be narrowed down using ICD-10 code V91.07XA, to a “Burn due to water skis on fire, initial encounter.” Physicians are well advised not to confuse this code with V91.07XD, “water skis on fire, subsequent encounter.” The folks at NPR had some serious fun with this one, naturally.
Listening to the story, I was reminded (again) that diagnostic codes and labels have a lot of uses beyond just describing what ails you. Insurance companies, researchers, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, hospital administrators — all these people and many more use them in their work. Consequently, all these groups have a hand in shaping them. Unfortunately, as diagnostic labels are stretched to satisfy more constituencies, they can become less efficient in helping the people most directly involved in their use — the health-care providers.
This is doubly true of the diagnostic labels and codes applied to mental health, where our clinical knowledge is less certain, and where questions of who is sick and who is well have political and moral implications as well. In fact, the more we know about the sources of chronic human unhappiness and emotional distress, the less clinically helpful our labels for it seems to be.
So it's easy to forget that while a psychiatric label like “depression” can seem to convey important information about things such as its causes or treatment (the way a burn diagnosis might), the reality is slightly different. Depression (F32.9 in the language of ICD-10) is useful as an umbrella term that adequately describes the what of things, i.e., a patient's symptoms. But it does little or nothing to reveal the why.
There are many theories about the causes of depression. It's chemical. It's the result of flawed thinking. It comes from bad habits, low self-esteem or poor coping skills. It's inherited. It's transmitted through the culture. Each of these ideas arose in conjunction with some new idea about a cure, whether it's ways to correct your automatic thinking, change behavior, boost-self esteem or even actively strive to transform the culture.
What About Relationships?
Now, here's an idea about depression that's just recently gaining altitude: It's social. People are depressed because they feel unloved, unwanted, disconnected, rejected and alone. They feel this way not because they lack social skills (depressed people can be very polished and popular), but because, down deep, they do not believe that anyone is really there for them.
What's different about this idea of depression — based in attachment theory — is that the symptoms are maintained, not just by emotional or mental problems inside you, but by your moment-to-moment interactions with relationship partners and other important people in your life. Your mood fluctuates with your experience of being either connected or alone.
“The most basic tenet of attachment theory,” says researcher and couple therapy pioneer Susan Johnson of the Ottawa Family and Child Institute, “is that isolation—not just physical isolation but emotional isolation — is traumatizing for human beings. The brain actually codes it as danger.”
So, depression may be an evolutionary adaptation to help alert us or protect us when we are threatened by separation from important others. In the long-ago days when our psychological mechanisms evolved, separation from close family members might have been fatal. More specifically, depression might have helped our ancient ancestors focus on and solve the social problems facing them (depression, paradoxically, can focus and energize the brain), or to avoid family conflicts, or it might have been quite literally a “cry for help,” because depression shows up in behavior as a kind of helplessness that can elicit sympathy and support. Thinking about depression in social terms has led Johnson and other clinicians to develop methods for attacking it directly through social means.
“He doesn't have my back.” This is how Andrea described her relationship with Simon, with whom she had been living for four years. Andrea has the look of a fashion model, with short black hair, high cheekbones and rail thin frame. She always shows up for therapy in black. “We get along. And that's enough for Simon. As long as he doesn't have to go to bed alone. ... Simon hates to go to bed alone.”
Andrea is unknowingly describing her relationship with Simon in attachment terms. She sees their relationship as useful to him, but not deeply, emotionally important. She meets Simon's attachment needs by being there for him when he needs her, but doubts that she can count on him in return. This unreciprocated attachment causes her pain, which is feeding into a conflict loop with Simon. “Last year when I was really depressed for a month, he kind of disappeared on me. He had a great excuse, because he was studying for the bar.” Andrea sat in silence for a moment before adding, “I don't know what will happen when he passes the exam and doesn't need me for support anymore.”
Historically, psychologists looking at Andrea's situation might say her relationship problems are the result of her depression. But a still-small group of clinical researchers, including Johnson, are beginning to suspect the opposite — that her depression is the result of the chronically poor state of her attachments, beginning in childhood.
Because her mother was unemployed, poor and stressed out during the years of Andrea's early development — from age 6 months to 18 months — Andrea developed a “working model” of how important people in her life would respond to her needs and her cries of distress. They wouldn't be there for her. This was what she experienced from her mother, and what she learned to expect from the world. As a result, Andrea enters into each new romantic relationship hoping to be rescued from her loneliness by a caring adult, but in her profound anxiety and doubt about her own lovability, she smothers the budding relationship with demands and complaints, until her prophecy of abandonment is self-fulfilled. She then sinks even deeper into depression.
Johnson describes this ebb and flow of a troubled connection as the “dance” partners do as they try to stay attached to each other, while at the same time protecting themselves from old feelings of inadequacy and rejection. In Andrea's case, this dance took the form of seeking more and more affirmation, while becoming less and less secure in Simon's love. Eventually, she began to suspect Simon of infidelity, and even followed him secretly to his law school study group. Simon, when his turn came to describe the relationship, complained that he was “never enough.” No matter what he did to reassure her, Andrea never acknowledged his efforts. By the time the couple came to therapy, Simon was becoming depressed himself.
While not all depression follows this self-defeating pattern, researchers such as Wayne Denton of Florida State University are seriously investigating the use of couple therapy as a treatment for depression. Denton, who directs the Marriage and Family Therapy program at Florida State, conducted studies last year comparing the effects of anti-depression medication alone vs. medication and couple therapy. Along with Denton's earlier work in this area, the study confirms that couples therapy can, under the right circumstances, be at least as powerful as medication in alleviating the devastating symptoms of depression.
Why?
To conduct his research, Denton used a particular protocol for couple work designed by Johnson to address the attachment deficits so often found in depressed people. Johnson calls her therapy “Emotionally Focused” because it encourages couples to explore together the unconscious, internal “working models” of relationship that cause them so much pain.
The fundamental notion of this kind of work is that human happiness comes largely through our interdependent relationships with significant others. When we are secure in these attachments — when we know that someone is really there for me — we become resilient against the discouraging but inevitable slings and arrows of life. “We conceptualize depression as a response to attachment distress based on a perceived loss of connection to, abandonment by or rejection by another who is of attachment significance,” Denton writes.
While this doesn't negate other ways of defining depression, it runs intuitively counter to the description contained in the diagnostic codes, which portray depression as an individual disorder.
Why It Matters
Because most of us don't think about our mood as a barometer of our relationships, we don't really notice how often depression and emotional disconnection travel together. But it surprises me how often, late in the therapy process, one partner will say to me something like, “I didn't realize just how freaked out I was about losing her.” Reconnecting emotionally can have a powerful and lasting anti-depressant effect. And, according to Denton's initial findings at least, these effects can persist long after treatment ends, which appeared not to be true for antidepressant medications administered without couple therapy.
The idea of redefining depression as primarily a relational problem has a long way to go before it gains mainstream acceptance. Not only are our medical institutions like health insurance not set up for it, but our cultural commitment to the idea of each person as an island of emotional autonomy — for better or worse — stands pretty firmly against it.
Clients who come in for family or couple therapy don't do so to take care of their chronic personal unhappiness. They come to reduce the conflict or otherwise fix their relationships. But the lift in the partners' individual mood that therapists routinely see when couple therapy is successful can be dramatic.
News from neuroscience is confirming that any relationship, but especially a primary relationship, can be activated as a resource against the stresses of pain and fear. And the application of therapeutic techniques for couples — like Johnson's — based in attachment theory are demonstrating their effectiveness against a host of other emotional problems, including addiction and PTSD. Not only that, but clients like Andrea and Simon, as they explore together the deeper emotional currents of their attachment, often find that problems in other areas of life are less difficult to resolve, or at least less fearful and paralyzing.
My point is this: Whether or not the diagnostic deities who give us water skis on fire ever define depression as a relationship problem, your relationship has the power to lighten the load of chronic worry, helplessness and hopelessness they call depression.
— Russell Collins, Psy.D., is a Santa Barbara psychotherapist and divorce mediator. Click here for more information.
Logos of Japanese Takeda Pharmaceutical Co are seen at an office building in Glattbrugg near Zurich March 7, 2012. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo /File Photo
Japan's Takeda Pharmaceutical Co Ltd said on Friday that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved its lung cancer drug, almost three months after the company acquired the drug's developer, Ariad Pharmaceuticals Inc.
The drug, Alunbrig, is approved as a second-line treatment for patients with anaplastic lymphoma kinase-positive (ALK+) metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, who have progressed on or are intolerant to Pfizer's crizotinib, the standard initial treatment for the disease.
Alunbrig was approved under the FDA's accelerated approval program, which allows for quicker approval of drugs that fill an unmet medical need. When a drug wins accelerated approval, the company must provide further evidence of its benefit, failing which the approval can be revoked.
Takeda in mid-February completed its acquisition of Ariad for $5.20 billion, undertaken to beef up its oncology pipeline.
(Reporting by Sruthi Shankar and Divya Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Leslie Adler)
LONDON British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Sunday she would not increase value-added tax (VAT) if her Conservative Party was elected on June 8, but she did not extend the same promise to other major taxes.
Heading into an early election that is likely to increase her parliamentary majority before Britain quits the European Union, May has been under pressure to look beyond Brexit and detail her approach to tax and spend policies.
Speaking in her first television interviews of the election campaign, May said her party had no plans to raise the overall tax level and that she would not raise VAT, a form of consumption tax that now stands at 20 percent.
"We won't be increasing VAT," she told ITV's Peston on Sunday show. "If you look across what we want to do on taxes, we've no plans to increase the level of tax, as I say it's the Conservative Party, we're a party that believes in lower taxation."
But, she refused to recommit to a 2015 election promise made by her predecessor David Cameron not to increase VAT, income tax, or National Insurance - an employment tax - until 2020.
The leftist opposition Labour Party, which has also ruled out raising VAT, said May could not be trusted to honour her VAT pledge. Election spokesman Andrew Gwynne said May posed "a threat to working people, pensioners and our public services."
Polls show May is on course for victory in the election, although three published late on Saturday showed her lead had shrunk.
Britain's Chancellor, Philip Hammond, has argued that the 2015 tax pledge had limited his ability to manage the economy.
Britain's deficit is expected to rise in the 2017/18 financial year, as one-off factors that helped the government last year - such as changes in the timing of payments to the EU budget and the impact of changes on dividend taxation - unwind.
(Reporting by William James, editing by Elizabeth Piper, Larry King)
(adds context throughout)
BEIJING, April 28 Chinese automaker BYD Co Ltd , backed by Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc, expects a fall of up to 31.4 percent in first-half net profit as Beijing's cut to subsidies slows green car sales slow in China.
Shenzhen-based BYD, which specializes in green energy cars, forecast a 20.3 percent to 31.4 percent fall in net profit for the first half to 1.55 billion to 1.8 billion yuan ($261.10 million), in what would be the biggest drop in first half profits since 2012, according to Reuters data.
"The scale back of subsidies on new energy vehicles put pressure on profit, while competition will still be intense in traditional vehicle sectors in the second quarter," BYD said in a stock exchange statement released on Friday.
BYD's weakening net profits are a marked shift from massive profit growth over the last two years, annual net income increased more than 10-fold from 2014 to 2016, as demand for green cars boomed thanks to aggressive government support.
But demand has wavered this year as the central government has cut its massive subsidy payouts for green cars by 20 percent, raised barriers to entry for new electric car models and debated easing proposed quotas for plug-in cars.
For the first quarter, BYD reported 605.8 million yuan in profit, a 28.8 percent decrease year-on-year, in line its forecast last month of a 24-35 percent fall.
Sales of plug-in hybrid and battery electric cars fell nearly 5 percent in January to March compared with the same period a year ago, China's Association of Automobile Manufacturers said. ($1 = 6.8938 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Muyu Xu and Jake Spring; editing by Susan Thomas and Alexander Smith)
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
WASHINGTON The United States will reiterate to the International Monetary Fund its role in keeping a close eye on global foreign exchange rates policies at next week's spring meetings of the international lender, a senior Treasury official said on Thursday.
"We would be looking for the IMF to continue to strengthen its analysis of exchange rate policies of major economies," the Treasury official said in a briefing with reporters ahead of next week's semi-annual meeting of IMF and World Bank members. "We view that as very important."
The official, who spoke under condition of anonymity, added currency surveillance was an important aspect of ensuring a fair and sustainable global economy.
Finance ministers and central bank governors from the Group of 20 major economies, known as the G20, are also scheduled to meet on the sidelines of the April 21-23 conference.
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin has been in his post for a little over two months and has already clashed with the international community.
At a meeting in Germany four weeks ago, the G20 abandoned a decade-old pledge to keep global trade free and open at the behest of the United States. The G20 also removed a commitment to finance the fight against climate change.
According to the senior Treasury official, the United States also plans to discuss financial regulation and international tax reform next week and Mnuchin is scheduled to hold a series of bilateral meetings.
President Donald Trump has given mixed signals on trade despite running for office on an increasingly protectionist campaign.
On Wednesday, he said that his administration will not label China a currency manipulator, backing away from a campaign promise.
(Reporting by Lindsay Dunsmuir; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
TOKYO, March 30 Toyota Motor Corp on Thursday said it was recalling a total of about 2.9 million vehicles in Japan, China, Europe and other regions including its Corolla Axio sedan and RAV4 SUV crossover due to potentially faulty airbags.
The Japanese automaker said that the latest recalls were part of a wider recall of airbags which use inflators made by Takata Corp ordered by global transport authorities last year.
The airbag inflators in question use a chemical compound which can explode with excessive force after prolonged exposure to hot conditions.
(Reporting by Naomi Tajitsu; Editing by STephen Coates)
A top Orangeman has stressed the issue of parading is as critical as “anything else on the agenda” in the current political negotiations, which are set to resume this week.
Darryl Hewitt was speaking as the 2017 marching season officially got under way in Northern Ireland yesterday, as up to 4,600 people took part in the Apprentice Boys of Derry Easter parade in Ballynahinch.
MORE: In pictures: Apprentice Boys on the march across NI
He warned that tensions surrounding contentious parades in the Province will remain high unless political leaders can resolve outstanding peace process issues.
The last few days have seen controversial parades in the headlines again, with police carrying out a “robust investigation” into an illegal republican parade which took place in Co Armagh on Saturday.
DUP MP Gregory Campbell condemned a dissident republican parade in Londonderry yesterday which saw people dressed in military garb with their faces partially covered.
Mr Hewitt, Portadown district master, said the issue of parading should be high on the agenda at the resumption of the political negotiations tomorrow.
He told the News Letter: “Parading must be a key item for discussion at the talks; as important as legacy issues and anything else on the agenda.
“Until it is addressed, tensions are always going to be high around the marching season.
“The situation will never improve unless an agreement is reached between the political parties.”
* SSEC -0.2 pct, CSI300 -0.4 pct, HSI +0.3 pct
* China April manufacturing growth slows faster than expected
* Tencent at record high
SHANGHAI, May 2 China stocks fell on Tuesday morning, with investors kept cautious by worries over regulatory tightening and weaker-than-expected economic indicators.
The CSI300 index fell 0.4 percent, to 3,427.21 points at the end of the morning session, while the Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.2 percent, to 3,147.01 points.
Growth in China's manufacturing sector slowed faster than expected in April, an official survey showed on Sunday, as producer price inflation cooled and policymakers' efforts to reduce financial risks in the economy weighed on demand.
A private survey echoed Sunday's official data on Tuesday, finding China's factory sector lost momentum in April, with growth slowing to its weakest pace in seven months as domestic and export demand faltered.
This news could curb sentiment, as economic growth has been a major concern for investors, said Xiao Shijun, an analyst at Guodu Securities.
The official Xinhua news agency on Monday cited Xu Zhong, head of the People's Bank of China's (PBOC) research bureau, as saying the country needed to deleverage at a "proper pace" to reduce financial sector debt and avoid systemic financial risk.
Tightening financial regulations could continue to weigh on market risk appetite in the medium to long term, Gao Ting, head of China strategy at UBS Securities, wrote in a research note.
Sector performance was mixed.
Some blue-chips tumbled, including Hisense Electric , after reporting first-quarter results, in particular consumer plays, indicating investors might be inclined to take profits in the sector after a strong rally this year.
HONG KONG
Hong Kong stock followed Asian shares higher, as growing optimism for strong tech industry earnings and receding concerns over North Korea offset softer-than-expected factory readings in China and the United States.
The Hang Seng index added 0.3 percent, to 24,680.47 points, the highest level in 21 months, led by index heavyweight Tencent, which advanced 1.6 percent to a record high.
The Hong Kong China Enterprises Index gained 0.1 percent, to 10,229.22 points.
Britain's Heathrow Airport says baggage handling disrupted at two terminals
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said some passengers might have to travel without their bags on Thursday after an issue with its baggage system affected Terminals 3 and 5.
Members of St Robert's Catholic Primary School Council and the Mini Vinnies group collected food that fellow pupils had brought from home to celebrate the Harvest Assembly.
Miss Potts, the School Council co-ordinator, said she was overwhelmed with the response which was to help Harrogate Homeless Project.
“The parents and children have, as always, been very generous with their donations and it is lovely to see the children wanting to help others so much,” she said.
Tyler Jeffrey, nine, said: “Because the school and all of the children wanted to help those who unfortunately have fallen on hard times, they collected a large collection of dried food and tins of fruit and vegetables.”
Rory Miller, nine, added: “This is all for a good cause. We all are hopeful that this will help all the people that need it as it will nourish those in need.”
The Harrogate Homeless Project were delighted to receive the donations and were very pleased with the way the children had responded to the local project.
April 13 Makarony Polskie SA:
* Decides to withdraw its application for a project subsidy
* It informed on Feb. 16 that its motion had been qualified on the list of projects chosen for subsidising
* It withdrew its application as it focuses on two other investment projects which also received subsidies Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
(Adds comments from news conference)
By David Lawder
WASHINGTON, April 20 International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde said on Thursday she believes the IMF can work with the Trump administration to improve the global trading system, but cautioned against jeopardizing open trade as a growth engine.
Lagarde told a news conference at the opening of the IMF and World Bank spring meetings in Washington that the IMF saw the need to reduce subsidies and other trade distortions that limit competition, but also said "protectionist measures" needed to be avoided.
"From the various contacts that I've had with the administration so far, I have every reason to believe that we will make progress, that we will cooperate all together in order to support and indeed improve the system as we have it," Lagarde said.
She added that improvements must ensure a "level playing field" for trade, adopting a phrase often used by Trump administration officials.
But as she was speaking, U.S. President Donald Trump was preparing to sign an executive order to study whether steel imports into the United States could be restricted for national security reasons under a law passed in 1962.
Lagarde said that the rising number of World Trade Organization dispute cases and rule violations showed that "there is clearly an issue that needs to be addressed."
She said the WTO dispute settlement system has room for improvement. Although the United States regularly uses the system to try to remove unfair trade restrictions and subsides, Trump administration officials have complained that countries often ignore its rulings.
But the IMF chief said that such improvements can only come through multilateral dialogues, like those occurring at this week's meetings of the IMF, World Bank and G20 finance ministers.
"We believe very firmly in this institution, in the value and virtues of dialogue, cooperation, reciprocated assessment," she said. "We will contribute our part where we have competence and where it is our mission."
The Trump administration has complained about Germany's high trade surplus with the United States. Lagarde repeated her view that Germany should take steps to reduce its current account and trade surpluses by encouraging more consumption. (Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Paul Simao)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Itfor Inc
* Says it repurchased 800,000 shares at the price of 834 yen per share, for 667.2 million yen in total, through ToSTNeT-3, on Feb. 2
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/ri1raL
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
São Paulo Brazilian federal police carried out on Wednesday arrest warrants against five members of the Rio de Janeiro audit court and detained the speaker of the state legislative body, Jorge Picciani, for questioning, a source said.
The warrants are part of an investigation into an alleged bribery scheme, based on information obtained in a plea bargain agreement with a member of the so-called TCE court.
(Reporting by Pedro Fonseca; Writing by Bruno Federowski; Editing by Catherine Evans)
March 31 Resilux NV:
* Signs agreement to acquire 100 pct of the shares of the company Borverk Eurotrade doo Beograd, with production site located in Jabucje (Serbia)
* Borverk allows co to further improve footprint in Central, East Europe and is complementary to the production units of co in Greece and Hungary Source text: bit.ly/2ojzqXm Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 20 KYOCERA Corp-
* KYOCERA expands industrial ceramic manufacturing operations in Washington state
* KYOCERA Corp - industrial ceramic manufacturing operations in washington state is valued at $10 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
New Delhi: India today lifted a record fourth U-19 World Cup trophy after an eight-wicket rout of Australia in the final, underlining their dominant run in the tournament and giving Rahul Dravid the biggest success of his coaching career.
As it has been the case throughout the tournament, India had all their bases covered with bowlers bouncing back to dismiss Australia for 216 from 183 for four at one stage.
The highly-rated batting, barring a minor blip, completed the job with conviction as India chased down the modest target in 38.5 overs.
Soon After the victory, The Board Of Control For Cricket In India (BCCI) announced prize money for victorious Indian U19 team.
The board on their official website announced Rs 50 Lakh to India U19 Head Coach, Rahul Dravid. The members of India U19 team will receive Rs 30 lakhs each while the members of the Support Staff will be awarded Rs 20 lakhs each.
“I congratulate the U19 team who have made the country proud. Head Coach Rahul Dravid played his cricket with sincerity and it was pleasing to see the boys uphold the value. They have been fantastic athletes and even better ambassadors. The boys have done so well, and I am sure they will work hard and climb the ladder and represent the senior team in the future,” said Vinod Rai, Chairman, CoA
Indian team created history by becoming the only team to win the U19 World Cup four times. Manjot Kalra was awarded man of the Match for his unbeaten 101 off 102 balls while Shubman Gill was decleared Man of the Tournament for being the second highest scorer in the tournament.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
DUBAI: The future of transportation, specifically the impending arrival of autonomous cars, was a major topic at the second day of the 5th annual World Government Summit attended by 4,000 global leaders from 139 countries in Dubai.
Elon Musk, CEO of Tesla, said that although driverless cars will be a “great convenience,” it will result in 12%-15% job loss. “We need to find new roles for those people” as increased manufacturing of autonomous cars will be “very disruptive and very quick.”
In an earlier conversation on “The Future of Mobility” with Travis Kalanick, CEO and co-founder of Uber, he predicted roads will be populated with self-driving automobiles, eliminating traffic jams in as few as 5 years. He also said that 1.3 million individuals die annually from car accidents. “There will be no more traffic accidents” with self-driving cars.”
Uber will continue to evolve, Kalanick said. “We will partner with the car industry. We want cars to be available everywhere every time efficient, quick, reliable, affordable, and fully democratized. Push a button and go where you want to go.” (Last month, Uber announced a partnership with Daimler to manufacture autonomous cars.)
His three year vision is ambitious: “Uber is at the beginning of becoming a robotics company,” Kalanick commented. “Once movement in cities becomes autonomous, there will be all sorts of interesting robotics challenges.”
Musk also sounded a cautionary note to governments as technology continues to improve efficiency, saying a “universal basic income” will be necessary as there will be “fewer jobs that a robot cannot do better.”
Prior to the session with Musk, Mattar Al Tayer, Chairman of the Roads and Transport Authority announced thathuman carrying drones are expected to be introduced into service within the public transport system by July 2017.
Climate change and food security were also key themes of the day. Prime Minister of Bhutan highlighted that “1/3 of our global food supply, worth US$2.6 trillion annually, is routinely wasted.” HRH Princess Haya spoke about international humanitarian crises and a UN report estimates that 50 million will be displaced due to desertification and climate change in the next 10 years. ME NewsWire
The State's utility regulator has advertised the role of director of water, a role that will include responsibility for delivering new policies on excessive domestic use of water, as well as for implementing new charging regimes for non-domestic water use.
The job with the Commission for Regulation of Utilities will involve responsibility for the economic regulation of Irish Water, protecting Irish Water customers and playing “a key role in the transformation of water and wastewater services in Ireland”. It carries a starting salary of €132,948 rising to €151,974 for the personal pension contribution rate, or €126,333 rising to €144,421 on the non-personal pension contribution rate.
According to the information booklet for the role, the successful candidate will initially be appointed director of water.
“However, it is expected that the successful candidate would have the flexibility, capability and competency to take on additional functions and to operate effectively as a director in any other of the CRU's divisions.”
Excessive usage
The responsibilities listed include delivering and implementing a new national non-domestic charging regime and delivering and implementing a new national water connection policy.
Overseeing the introduction of the new domestic “excessive usage” charging regime will also be among the new director's responsibilities.
The successful candidate will be expected to have significant senior management experience, nationally or internationally, in the water or utility industry or a regulatory body as well as a strategic understanding of the utility industry in Ireland.
Responsibilities of the CRU include regulating the electricity and natural gas sectors and it is the economic regulator of public water and waste water services in Ireland.
The deadline for applications for the post is July 20th.
May 3 General Mills Inc
* Jeff Harmening named chief executive officer of General Mills
* General mills inc - harmening succeeds ken powell
* General mills inc - powell will continue to serve as company's chairman for a transition period until his retirement, expected within next year
* General mills inc - also elected harmening to general mills board of directors Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 Cutera Inc
* Cutera announces preliminary financial results for first quarter of 2017 and planned management change
* Sees Q1 2017 revenue about $29 million
* Cutera Inc - Reaffirm that loss per share is expected to be on favorable side of previously provided EPS guidance of $0.06- $0.08 for Q1
* Cutera Inc - Additionally, company announced that executive vice president and Chief Financial Officer, Ronald J. Santilli, will depart company
* Cutera - Santilli to remain in his current role and will assist with an orderly transition for up to three months following appointment of a successor
* Cutera Inc - Company has initiated a search to identify a replacement Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
SHANGHAI China's Shandong Gold Mining Co Ltd (600547.SS) will pay $960 million for a 50 percent stake in Barrick Gold Corp's (ABX.TO)(ABX.N) Veladero gold mine in Argentina, the Canadian miner said in a press release on Thursday.
The deal, which confirms an earlier Reuters report about the talks, will also see the two firms look at jointly developing the nearby undeveloped Pascua-Lama gold and silver project which straddles the border of Argentina and Chile.
Barrick added the two miners would also look at other additional investment opportunities on the El Indio Gold Belt.
"Shandong is an ideal partner to help us unlock the untapped mineral wealth of the El Indio Belt over the long-term, while working with us to generate more value from the Veladero mine today," Barrick Executive Chairman John Thornton said.
Shandong Gold's Chairman said in the release the miner was looking to "build a long-term relationship" with Barrick.
"We are excited to enter Argentina's dynamic mining industry in partnership with Barrick at Veladero, while exploring other opportunities in one of the most prospective mineral districts in the world," he said.
Reuters could not reach Shandong Gold for further comment.
Shandong had taken the lead in talks with Barrick to take a stake in the mine after discussions with rival Chinese firm Zijin Mining Group Co Ltd (601899.SS) fell through.
(Reporting by Adam Jourdan; Additional reporting by SHANGHAI newsroom; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
* Sticky core inflation poses risk to RBI 4 percent target - panel
* Demand side pressures likely to emerge on government pay rise
* One member favoured rate increase but finally agreed on hold (Adds detail, background, comment)
MUMBAI, April 20 Indian central bank's monetary policy committee cited upside risks to inflation arising from price pressure excluding food and fuel as the main reason for keeping its policy rate unchanged, according to minutes of its April meeting released on Thursday.
The 6-member monetary policy committee (MPC) which had unanimously decided to keep the repo rate unchanged at 6.25 percent in early April, had raised a secondary rate called the reverse repo rate, which is used to drain excess funds from banks.
The MPC, which aims to bring down inflation to 4 percent in the medium term, maintained its hawkish stance on inflation, with most members expressing concern over upside risks to core inflation.
One member, M. D. Patra, the executive director of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), and in charge of monetary policy, favoured an increase in the repo rate by 25 basis points as a pre-emptive move to curb inflation pressures.
But Patra finally agreed with the rest of the panel on holding the rate unchanged for now.
"There is some uncertainty as to when the headline inflation might cross the target inflation rate of 4 percent and keep inching above, given that inflation without food and fuel is stubbornly above the target rate," RBI Deputy Governor Viral Acharya wrote in the minutes.
Consumer price inflation rose by an annual 3.81 percent in March, the fastest pace since October 2016 with core inflation hovering near 4.9 percent.
Besides core inflation, a demand pick-up on a government salary increment and reflation risk from commodities globally were the key reasons that all panel members cited for voting to keep the repo rate unchanged.
A Reuters poll of 35 economists conducted from April 10-19 showed that the RBI would keep the repo rate unchanged until October-December of 2018 and the next move would be a cut.
However, on growth, the MPC reiterated its confidence of a faster recovery given that a government ban of certain banknotes in November did not hit the economy in a major way.
India posted 7.0 percent growth for the October-December period, much faster than an expected 6.4 percent rate, and even higher than China's 6.8 percent, leaving analysts stunned with such a sharp recovery despite the so-called demonetisation exercise. (Reporting by Suvashree Dey Choudhury, Devidutta Tripathy and Euan Rocha; Editing by Robert Birsel)
March 28 Tukas:
* Decides to make building and machinery investments at expected value of 43 million liras ($11.89 million) in order to develop new products in company's Torbalı factory, to renew the technological infrastructure of existing products and to make additional storage space
* Expects to create 220 additional jobs
* To make the necessary applications to the official institutions and organizations within the scope of the related incentives in order to benefit from employment support, VAT exemption and other support elements provided in regional incentive applications
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.6159 liras) (Gdynia Newsroom)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
WASHINGTON U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Wednesday accused Iran of 'alarming ongoing provocations' to destabilize countries in the Middle East as the Trump administration launched a review of its policy towards Tehran.
Tillerson told reporters the review, which he announced on Tuesday, would not only look at Tehran's compliance with a 2015 nuclear deal but also its behaviour in the region which he said undermined U.S. interests in Syria, Iraq, Yemen and Lebanon.
His tough words matched those of U.S. Defence Secretary Jim Mattis, who said in a visit to Saudi Arabia on Wednesday that Iran's destabilising influence would have to be overcome to end the conflict in Yemen.
President Donald Trump ordered the review to evaluate whether suspension of sanctions related to the nuclear deal was "vital to the national security interests of the United States," Tillerson said
Though there was no sign the Trump administration intended to walk away from the deal, Tillerson twice cautioned that if left unchecked Tehran could become a threat like North Korea, which is also under pressure over its nuclear ambitions.
In a letter to U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan released late on Tuesday, Tillerson declared that Iran was meeting its commitments under the 2015 nuclear deal but there were concerns about Tehran's role as a state sponsor of terrorism.
"A comprehensive Iran policy requires we address all of the threats posed by Iran and it is clear there are many," Tillerson told reporters at the State Department.
Tillerson said the 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers failed "to achieve the objective of a non-nuclear Iran and only delays their goal of becoming a nuclear state."
"FAILED APPROACH"
Iran has yet to comment on the Trump administration's review, but Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei warned in November that Tehran would retaliate if the United States breached the nuclear agreement.
Tillerson said one of the mistakes in the way the agreement was put together was that it ignored all the other serious threats Iran posed outside of its nuclear program.
"That is why we have to look at Iran in a very comprehensive way in terms of the threat it poses in all areas of the region and the world," he added.
"This deal represents the same failed approach of the past that brought us to the current imminent threat we face from North Korea," Tillerson said of the nuclear deal.
The nuclear agreement, negotiated during Barack Obama's presidency, placed limitations on Iran's nuclear program in exchange for lifting economic sanctions against Iran.
Tillerson's notice to Congress was part of a 90-day process in which the president has to certify that Iran is complying with the nuclear accord. It is the first update under the Trump administration.
The next test of Trump's attitude toward the nuclear deal will be in May when he must decide whether to extend sanctions waivers for Iran first signed by President Barack Obama.
During his presidential campaign, Trump called the agreement "the worst deal ever negotiated" and said he would review it once he reached office.
The European Union's foreign policy chief, Frederica Mogherini, said last month after meetings with senior Trump administration officials she was reassured in the talks that the U.S. was committed to fully implementing the deal.
(Additional reporting by Jeff Mason, Doina Chiacu and David Alexander and Patricia Zengerle; Editing by Andrew Hay)
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Japanese trading company Mitsui & Co Ltd on Friday said its April-December profits jumped over 60 percent from the year before and raised its full-year forecast to record levels, boosted by higher prices for iron ore and coking coal.
Mitsui is now forecasting a net profit of 440 billion yen ($4 billion), up from its previous guideline of 400 billion yen, beating a mean estimate of 407 billion yen among 10 analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
“Our results underlined strength in metal and energy assets as well as an advancement in our steel product, machinery and infrastructure operations,” Mitsui Chief Financial Officer Keigo Matsubara told a news conference.
April-December net profit grew 64 percent to a record 376.8 billion yen.
Prices for iron ore for delivery to China's Qingdao port .IO62-CNO=MB had jumped more than 35 percent to around $79 a tonne by early January from an October-low of about $58, according to Metal Bulletin.
That was largely driven by tighter steel markets in China as the world's No.2 economy brought in winter production curbs to help clear its skies.
Meanwhile, Mitsui rival Itochu Corp reported a 19-percent increase in April-December profit to a record 357.1 billion yen. But it kept its full-year forecast of 400 billion yen unchanged, falling short of a mean estimate of 418 billion yen from 9 analysts.
“We are sticking to our full-year forecast for now,” Chief Financial Officer Tsuyoshi Hachimura told a news conference.
Sojitz Corp boosted its net profit forecast for the year to March by 12 percent to 56 billion yen, citing higher-than-expected coal prices.
Mitsubishi Corp, Marubeni Corp and Sumitomo Corp will announce their earnings next week. ($1 = 109.7800 yen) (Reporting by Yuka Obayashi; Editing by Joseph Radford)
Classic cars, military re-enactors, politicians and stars of every stripe burst with patriotic pride on State Street
[Click here for a Noozhawk photo gallery from the event.]
With low clouds burning off to reveal blue sky just moments before, Santa Barbara's annual Fourth of July Parade presented a perfect beginning to the Thursday afternoon festivities with thousands of people lining State Street to watch.
Thursday's parade was the 51st annual event sponsored by the Spirit of ‘76 Foundation, which selected the theme “America the Beautiful — more than a place, a state of mind.”
“The United States of America is more than just a land within a defined border, it is an ideal for which the American people strive,” said Paul Lamberton, the parade's coordinator.
A string of classic cars, vintage military vehicles, as well as soldiers dressed in every era of military garb from the Revolutionary and Civil wars to veterans who fought bravely in conflicts over the last century followed the parade's lead, which was kicked off by the drums and bagpipes of the Gold Coast Pipe Band.
A number of dignitaries appeared in the parade, including Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara, riding in a World War II-era Jeep alongside Iraq War veteran Raymond Morua, who was dressed in fatigues and wielding a Captain America shield to the delight of parade watchers.
State Sen. Hannah-Beth Jackson, D-Santa Barbara, also appeared in the parade, as did Santa Barbara County First District Supervisor Salud Carbajal, District Attorney Joyce Dudley, elected officials from the cities of Santa Barbara and Goleta, and a host of other leaders.
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
The Fellowship Fund Has Awarded More than $1.5 Million Since 2011
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Veterans
• Farming
• Money Industry:
• Agriculture Location:
• Davis - California - US
Contact
Evan Eagan (Communications Manager)
***@farmvetco.org Evan Eagan (Communications Manager)
End
-- Military veterans turned farmers from around the country received a major boost today as Farmer Veteran Coalition announced $200,000 in new awards for the Farmer Veteran Fellowship Fund. Fifty farmer veterans representing all military branches and multiple service-eras were notified via email that they were awarded a 2017 Fellowship, bringing the total amount awarded in the program's history to more than $1.5 million.Established in 2011, the Farmer Veteran Fellowship Fund provides direct assistance to veterans who are in the early stages of their farming operations. With awards ranging from $1,000 to $5,000, purchases are made to third-parties on behalf of the veteran for critical items such as breeding livestock, used tractors, greenhouses, irrigation systems and more. This year's awards range from supplies to build a barn for Army veteran Michael Reynolds in Georgia to an egg washer for Air Force veteran Nathan Layton in Pennsylvania."As the nation's largest nonprofit assisting veterans embarking on careers in agriculture, it's always a great pleasure to provide this much-needed assistance to our veterans," said Rachel Petitt, who manages the Fellowship Fund. "A Fellowship award can have a huge impact on a farmer veteran by not only providing them with much-needed equipment, but also by letting them know we're here to help them grow their farm business."Demand for the Fellowship was extremely competitive this year with a record 270 farmer veterans completing applications. Awardees were selected by a voluntary team of seasoned farm advisors and lenders. Criteria included: farm training/experience;personal investment in their farm business; a clear need for assistance; and their vision and goals for the future of their farm business.By applying for a Fellowship, applicants are automatically entered in the Geared to Give program—a partnership between Kubota Tractor Corporation and FVC. Four veterans will each be selected to receive a Kubota L-Series compact tractor this Fall. Since it was established in 2015, the program has awarded seven Kubota tractors to FVC members.Though the Fellowship had to turn away a large number of farmer veterans this year, more awards could be distributed throughout the year as additional funding becomes available. "We can't make any guarantees, but we're always trying to award as many farmer veterans as possible," said Petitt.Funding for this year's awards is provided by long-time supporters Bob Woodruff Foundation, Newman's Own Foundation, Kubota Tractor Corporation and Prairie Grove Farms—all multiple year supporters of the Fellowship Fund.To learn more about the Farmer Veteran Fellowship Fund, please visit: http://www.farmvetco.org/ about-us/our- programs/farming- fe...
U.N. Secretary general Antonio Guterres attends the 34th session of the Human Rights Council at the European headquarters of the United Nations in Geneva, Switzerland, February 27, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
UNITED NATIONS Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said on Thursday his main concern was to ensure accountability for the deadly toxic gas attack in Syria, when asked if he was worried about possible U.S. action in Syria.
"My main concern now is to make sure that there's real accountability in relation to what happened," Guterres told reporters. He said he would not comment on "things that have not yet happened."
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols; Editing by Chris Reese)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
ABUJA May 3 Nigeria has appointed advisers to help it set up a national airline and develop its aviation infrastructure -- currently seen as a barrier to economic growth -- to create a hub for West Africa, junior aviation minister Hadi Sirika said on Wednesday.
Sirika said a group of six firms including German carrier Lufthansa would advise the government on setting up an airline, an aviation leasing company and a maintenance hanger, and on creating concessions to run the country's airports.
A cabinet meeting on Wednesday chaired by Vice President Yemi Osinbajo had approved 1.52 billion naira ($4.99 million) of funding for the project, he added.
President Muhammadu Buhari, who promised a national airline when campaigning for election, did not attend the weekly meeting, fuelling concerns about the state of his health.
Decades of neglect and lack of investment have left Nigeria with low-quality infrastructure that is seen as a hurdle to prosperity and the government has already said that upgrading it will require private investment.
The government set up a committee on establishing a national airline in 2015, in fulfillment of the campaign promises which brought Buhari's All Progressive Congress (APC) to power.
An APC transition paper seen by Reuters in 2015 had proposed merging a dozen debt-laden airlines on the books of state-owned "bad bank" AMCON into a single carrier that would partner with a global airline to serve the West and Central African region.
The single carrier would include Nigeria's biggest airline, Arik Air, which AMCON took over in February.
AMCON has said it has no plans to convert Arik into a national carrier and that the government has no interest in doing so other than to ensure that the airline continues to fly. ($1 = 304.8000 naira) (Reporting by Felix Onuah; Writing by Chijioke Ohuocha; Editing by Catherine Evans)
(Corrects to show BP plans to sell refining assets, not refineries)
* BP plans to sell "one or two" plants
* Unlikely to invest in new refineries
* Targets $3 bln boost to free cashflow by 2021
By Ron Bousso and Dmitry Zhdannikov
LONDON, March 29 BP has no plan to build new refineries despite growing oil production and will focus on modernising existing plants while expanding its network of filling stations to generate $3 billion in additional cash.
The group's head of refining told Reuters that even though BP's output was set to spike as new fields become operational, its attitude to refining remains more cautious.
"Are we going to invest in more greenfield refining in BP? Probably not," said Tufan Erginbilgic, who has worked in refining since 1990.
He said BP was happy with its refining portfolio although it could sell some assets in downstream - which combines refineries with chemicals plants and infrastructure such as storage.
Refining of crude oil into fuels such as gasoline, diesel and jet fuel has for years been the industry's problem child, having to grapple with weak and volatile profit margins as well as competition from modern refineries built in China, India and the Middle East.
The problems are compounded by the prospect of more energy-efficient cars, aircraft and heating, tighter marine fuel standards, the rise of electric vehicles and slowing consumption growth.
A push to modernise and streamline BP's refining, trading and marketing - known as downstream activities - generated $5.6 billion in free cashflow last year, up 25 percent from 2014 despite refining margins at 12-year lows, Erginbilgic said.
Erginbilgic, who became downstream chief in 2014, said he is aiming for a $3 billion increase in free cashflow by 2021.
"We will sell one or two assets, making very good money today because the tide went up for these assets," he told Reuters.
SMALLER PORTFOLIO
Refining proved to be extremely valuable for integrated oil companies, offsetting much of the losses from production operations during the two-year tumble in oil prices that started in 2014.
Erginbilgic says BP's investment decisions are driven by an expected global push towards greater energy efficiency and its belief that demand growth will slow in the next 20 years to reach about 112 million barrels per day (bpd) from 96 million bpd today.
Overcapacity and weak demand growth will probably prompt more refiners to close plants in Europe, he said. In the United States, refineries will benefit from rising production and booming exports to growing Asian markets.
Last year BP and Russia's top oil company, Rosneft , dissolved a refining joint venture in Germany. In the United States, BP invested billions of dollars in modernising its Whiting refinery near Chicago, originally built in 1889 by John D. Rockefeller's Standard Oil Company.
BP is by no means the only oil major embracing a strategy rethink to adapt to evolving markets. Rivals including Shell and France's Total have undergone deep portfolio reviews in recent years, selling and closing many operations.
BP was forced to start asset sales long before the oil price collapsed, in part to raise money for litigation costs relating to the Gulf of Mexico oil spill.
The company has sold or converted 16 plants since 2000 and today operates or has a stake in 11 refineries and 17 petrochemicals plants.
It is seeking to sell its 50 percent stake in Chinese petrochemicals joint venture SECCO, its largest investment in China, Reuters reported last year.
POCKETS OF GROWTH
Though Shell and trading company Vitol, among others, expect gasoline and diesel demand to peak between 2020 and 2030, some refining segments still represent solid growth stories, Erginbilgic says.
Petrochemicals will not suffer any significant slowdown because energy efficiency doesn't reduce demand for plastics, particularly in Asia, he said.
BP is also betting on expanding its network of petrol stations with high-end convenience stores at a time other majors, including Shell and Exxon Mobil, have been shrinking their vast but often basic networks.
In Britain, BP operates its chain with retailer Marks & Spencer. In Germany, it teamed up with REWE.
Late last year it agreed to buy a chain of stations from Australia's top grocer Woolworths for $1.3 billion and Erginbilgic said BP's model could be expanded to markets such as Mexico, Indonesia, China and India.
Erginbilgic said the marketing business, which also includes lubricants, can deliver an extra $2 billion in cashflow by 2021, twice as much as refining and petrochemicals.
(Editing by David Goodman and Dale Hudson)
LIMA, April 15 Peru's copper production rose by 5.42 percent in February from the same month a year earlier, the slowest growth rate in two years as the Andean country wrestles with infrastructure damage caused by torrential rains, official data showed on Saturday. The Ministry of Energy and Mines said in a statement that copper production totaled 178,283 tonnes in February. Peru's entire mining sector, a key part of the economy, grew just 1.47 percent in February, compared with the 33.59 percent rise reported in February last year, the ministry statement said. The country has been hit by extraordinarily hard rains this year, which have destroyed thousands of kilometers of roads and caused other damage. Peru, the world's second biggest copper supplier, produced a record 2.35 million tonnes of the metal in 2016, up 38.4 percent from 2015. Peru's economy grew 0.74 percent in February versus February 2016, the weakest pace since late 2014 as construction and manufacturing activity contracted while mining slowed. The government recently revised down its economic growth forecast for this year to 3 percent from a previous 3.8 percent. The ministry statement said Peru's gold production fell 11.91 percent in February, to 11,676,057 grams, while silver fell 11.29 percent, to 325,925 kilograms. The following are official mineral output figures for January from the Energy and Mines Ministry: Metal Feb yr/yr pct change Coppe 178,283 +5.42 r Zinc 108,752 +1.92 Gold 11,676, -11.91 057 Silve 325,925 -11.29 r Lead 21,539 -14.00 Iron 667,313 +4.89 Tin 1,253 -15.75 (Reporting by Marco Aquino; Editing by Leslie Adler)
April 3 Fiat Chrysler Automobiles:
* Industry-wide sales in Italy in March rose 18.16 percent year-on-year, at 226,163 vehicles, the Italian transport ministry says
* Fiat Chrysler's share of the Italian car market at 30.14 percent in March, up from 29.35 pct last year Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan newsroom)
March 30 Vital Mobile Holdings Ltd:
* FY revenue decreased from RMB1.41 billion to RMB406.1 million
* FY net profit of company attributable to shareholders amounted to RMB15.5 million representing a decrease of 91.4pct
* Board recommended payment of a final dividend of HK2.000 cents per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
WASHINGTON The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said on Wednesday it had denied a petition by environmental groups that sought to ban the agricultural pesticide chlorpyrifos.
In October 2015, the Obama administration proposed to revoke all food residue tolerances for chlorpyrifos, an active ingredient in insecticides. The proposal was issued in response to a petition from the Natural Resources Defense Council and Pesticide Action Network North America, the EPA said in a statement.
"By reversing the previous administration's steps to ban one of the most widely used pesticides in the world, we are returning to using sound science in decision-making – rather than predetermined results," EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt said in the statement.
(Reporting by Eric Beech)
PALLEKELE, Sri Lanka, Aug 12 (Reuters) - India captain Virat Kohli won the toss and opted to bat in the third and final test against Sri Lanka on Saturday as the tourists bid to complete a series whitewash over the hosts.
Following wins inside four days in Galle and Colombo, the world's top-ranked side have an unassailable 2-0 lead and the injury-hit hosts face another stiff task against Kohli's men in the finale.
Left-arm wrist spinner Kuldeep Yadav will play his second test for India after the 22-year-old made his debut at home against Australia in March.
He was the only change for the touring side, called up as a replacement for suspended left-arm spinner Ravindra Jadeja.
"It's a no-brainer, we are going to bat first," Kohli said at the toss. "It (pitch) is similar to the second game but not as dry. We want to take advantage of the best batting conditions."
The hosts have been hurt by injuries throughout the series and will be missing both spin spearhead Rangana Herath and paceman Nuwan Pradeep. Middle-order batsman Dhananjaya de Silva was dropped after scores of nought and 17 in Colombo.
Sri Lanka brought in left-arm wrist-spinner Lakshan Sandakan, along with pace duo Lahiru Kumara and Vishwa Fernando.
"To be honest we would also have batted first. You can't control the toss but we just want to restrict them to the minimum we can," Sri Lanka captain Dinesh Chandimal said.
"As a young team we just want to win a game and keep that spirit going forward."
Teams:
India: Shikhar Dhawan, KL Rahul, Cheteshwar Pujara, Virat Kohli (captain), Ajinkya Rahane, Ravichandran Ashwin, Wriddhiman Saha (wicketkeeper), Hardik Pandya, Umesh Yadav, Kuldeep Yadav, Mohammed Shami.
Sri Lanka: Upul Tharanga, Dimuth Karunaratne, Kusal Mendis, Dinesh Chandimal (captain), Angelo Mathews, Niroshan Dickwella (wicketkeeper), Dilruwan Perera, Malinda Pushpakumara, Lakshan Sandakan, Vishwa Fernando, Lahiru Kumara. (Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai; Editing by John O'Brien)
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
COLOMBO, March 28 The Sri Lankan rupee traded weaker on Tuesday due to dollar demand from state banks to cover import bills.
Rupee forwards were active, with two-week forwards were trading at 152.75/85 per dollar at 0628 GMT, compared with Monday's close of 152.65/75.
"State banks have large import bills to cover and they buy dollars at higher rates," said a currency dealer, asking not to be named.
The rupee is under pressure due to the higher seasonal import demand some oil bills, dealers said.
The central bank on Monday raised the spot rupee reference rate by 10 cents to 151.70 after the bank raised it by 25 cents on March 20.
On Friday, the central bank raised interest rates for the first time in eight months, saying tighter policy was a precaution against a build-up of inflationary pressures.
Analysts said the rate hike, a move aimed at easing pressure on the rupee, could help stabilise the domestic currency that is hurt by rising imports and outflows due to rupee bond sales by foreign investors.
Foreign investors net bought government securities worth 70 million rupees ($461,285) in the week ended March 22. They have net sold 63.2 billion rupees of such instruments so far this year.
Sri Lankan shares were down 0.11 percent at 5,968.41 as of 0702 GMT. Turnover stood at 1.53 billion rupees ($10.09 million). ($1 = 151.7000 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Vyas Mohan)
WASHINGTON/NEW YORK May 2 United Airlines Inc executives will visit Capitol Hill on Tuesday to face lawmakers' questions about the forcible removal of a passenger on an overbooked flight last month, an incident that provoked international outrage.
United Chief Executive Oscar Munoz's appearance before the U.S. House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee will test how the Republican-led Congress addresses company misconduct at a time of sweeping deregulation in Washington. Republicans largely back President Donald Trump's push to undo industry rules and regulations they say hamper business growth.
Joining Munoz at the hearing will be United President Scott Kirby as well as executives from American Airlines, Southwest Airlines, Alaska Airlines and a consumers' union consultant.
The executives will be grilled on the growing consumer anger directed at airlines, which came to a head when Dr. David Dao was dragged from a United flight at a Chicago airport on April 9 to make room for crew members on the aircraft.
It is the chance to learn "what is being done to improve service for the flying public," Committee Chairman Bill Shuster, a Republican, said in a statement.
Representative Rick Larsen, the top Democrat on the House panel's aviation subcommittee, told Reuters he expected it to be "very pointed" and that executives should anticipate "pretty rough" questions.
United last week reached a settlement with the 69-year-old Dao, whose removal prompted intense public backlash when fellow passengers released video online showing aviation police dragging him down the aisle as passengers cried out and gasped at his bloodied face.
United also changed its policies by offering passengers who give up their seats up to $10,000 and by reducing overbooked flights. The airline has promised to no longer call on law enforcement officers to deny ticketed passengers their seats.
Southwest said last week it would end overbooking altogether.
Airline executives are expected at Tuesday's hearing to outline specific actions they have taken or will take to try to prevent future incidents such as the one on the United flight, congressional aides said.
A U.S. Senate panel will hold a separate hearing on Thursday.
RELAXING AIRLINE REGULATIONS
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said the president would not, at this point, weigh in on whether new airline regulations are needed.
"I'll leave it up to Congress to decide whether it's appropriate to address this legislatively. Once there was a piece of legislation, then we could have an opportunity to weigh in," Spicer said on Monday.
But it is unclear how any new legislation would square with Trump's deregulatory push.
Shortly after he took office, Trump directed federal agencies to do away with two old regulations for every new one. He asked airline executives in February to identify regulatory hurdles.
The Trump administration in March halted public comment on a Obama-era move to probe some airlines' prevention of various travel websites from showing their fares and whether to require greater transparency about baggage fees along with quoted fares.
The administration is also extending the compliance date by one year for a new regulation requiring reporting of data for mishandled baggage and wheelchairs in aircraft cargo compartments.
Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao, through a spokeswoman, declined to comment on whether the United incident would prompt any regulatory changes. Her department said earlier this month it was investigating the matter.
Congressman Peter DeFazio, the top Democrat on the House committee holding Tuesday's hearing, said it was "way too early" to know if the voluntary policy changes announced by United are permanent.
Larsen said new airline regulations were not yet under discussion but that if carriers did not make a firm commitment to improve customer service, then "the options for legislation open." (Reporting by David Shepardson in Washington and Alana Wise in New York; additional reporting by Steve Holland and Amanda Becker in Washington; writing by Amanda Becker; Editing by Mary Milliken)
May 3Tianjin Tianyao Pharmaceuticals Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.21 yuan per 10 shares (before tax) to shareholders of record on May 9, for FY 2016
* The company's shares will be traded ex-right and ex-dividend on May 10 and the dividend will be paid on May 10
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Jb1w0j
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
March 30 Americas Silver Corp
* Americas Silver Corporation reports fourth quarter and year-end 2016 financial results
* Americas Silver - Q4 production was about 565,000 silver ounces and 1.1 million silver equivalent ounces at cost of sales of $10.47 per silver equivalent ounce
* Americas Silver Corp says consolidated silver production for 2017 is forecast between 2.0 - 2.5 million silver ounces
* Qtrly revenues of $58.9 million versus $53.5 million
* Qtrly loss per share $0.15
* Americas Silver Corp sees consolidated silver production of 5.5 - 6.0 million silver equivalent ounces in 2017
* Americas Silver -Expects to see gradual reduction in consolidated cash costs,all-in sustaining costs until san rafael enters commercial production late in Q3 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 5 U.S.-based investment bank The Raine Group said on Wednesday it would expand its operations into India and open an office in Mumbai.
The merchant bank - which focuses on technology, media and telecommunications - has hired former UBS banker Gaurav Mehta to head its India business as managing director, it said in a statement.
Raine, which has offices in New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles, London and Shanghai, expects to begin India operations in early May, it said.
Raine's past deals involving India include advising SoftBank on its initial investments in Indian ride-hailing service Ola Cabs. (Reporting by Arnab Paul in Bengaluru; Editing by Sunil Nair)
MEXICO CITY, April 6 Mexico's auto production rose 36.2 percent in March compared with the same month last year, while exports were also up 32.7 percent in the same period, the Mexican Auto Industry Association (AMIA) said on Thursday. (Reporting by Sharay Angulo)
* Holdings of SPDR Gold Trust drop on Tuesday * Silver inches up to one-month high (Updates prices; adds comment, second byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Eric Onstad NEW YORK/LONDON, March 29 Gold edged up on Wednesday, hovering below Monday's one-month high as uncertainty about Brexit talks, French elections and U.S. President Donald Trump's economic policies boosted safe-haven buying and offset a firmer dollar. Spot gold was up 0.05 percent at $1,252.2 an ounce by 2:27 p.m. EDT (1827 GMT). U.S. gold futures settled down 0.2 percent at $1,253.70. "There are a lot of uncertainties regarding the Trump reflation trade after the failure last week to overhaul Obamacare, and uncertainty in Europe with French elections coming up and the official start today of Brexit negotiations," said Carsten Fritsch, analyst at Commerzbank in Frankfurt. "The general picture is still positive (for gold) with dips seen as buying opportunities," he said. British Prime Minister Theresa May filed formal Brexit divorce papers on Wednesday, triggering years of negotiations that will test the cohesion of the European Union. "The thing that's keeping gold afloat as high as it is, is the political unknown, mostly out of Europe with the French election coming up," said Bob Haberkorn, senior market strategist for RJO Futures in Chicago. "Tomorrow, gold will get more direction (from) the GDP data." A firmer dollar capped gains in gold, as it rose for the third straight day after Chicago Fed President Charles Evans said he supported one or two more U.S. rate hikes this year. Strength in the U.S. currency makes dollar-denominated gold more expensive for holders of other currencies, potentially decreasing demand. Independent technical analyst Cliff Green said the gold price would need to take a breather after failing to break above its 200-day moving average at $1,260. "It is possibly highlighting the upper boundary of a new consolidation phase with prices likely to experience a rather choppy, two-way market action in the weeks ahead," Green told the Reuters Global Gold Forum. Holdings of SPDR Gold Trust , the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund which is considered a gauge of investment demand, reported an outflow of 1.8 tonnes on Tuesday. In other precious metals, palladium prices slipped 0.7 percent to $786.75 an ounce, after touching a two-year peak of $815.40 on Friday. "With a platinum-palladium differential of less than $160, I think it will struggle to rise. It also has a very stretched net long position, which is also at a two-year high," said Commerzbank's Fritsch. Spot silver was up 0.2 percent at $18.19 per ounce, after nudging up to $18.24, the highest since March 2. Platinum rose 0.3 percent to $949.35 per ounce. (Additional reporting by Arpan Varghese in Bengaluru; Editing by Mark Potter and Tom Brown)
CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-At least 3 people injured in San Francisco shooting -local media
June 14 At least three people were injured, including the suspected gunman, in a shooting on Wednesday at a United Parcel Service facility in San Francisco, local media reported.
March 30 Bank Of Queensland Ltd
* HY statutory net profit after tax of $161 million, down 6%
* Fully franked interim dividend maintained at 38 cents per share
* HY common equity tier one capital ratio up 29 basis points on prior half to 9.29%
* HY revenue from ordinary activities down 5% to $532 million
* HY net interest income reduced by $18 million over prior half reflecting a 3.8% decrease
* "Board has set common equity tier 1 capital target range to be between 8.0% & 9.5%, total capital range to be between 11.5% & 14.5%" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Leicester City captain Wes Morgan remains doubtful for Saturday's Premier League trip to West Bromwich Albion, manager Craig Shakespeare said on Friday.
Morgan returned from a month-long spell on the sidelines with a back injury in the Champions League quarter-final second-leg against Atletico Madrid earlier this month but failed to complete 90 minutes due to a hamstring injury.
"It will be touch-and-go with Wes Morgan," Shakespeare told a news conference. "If he joins in today, it'll be a late shout for tomorrow."
"I won't put him at risk, but knowing his character, he'll want to play."
"He'll be given every opportunity to prove his fitness. I expect him to be ready."
Shakespeare, who replaced Claudio Ranieri in February for the rest of the season, steered Leicester six points away from the relegation threat with five victories in their last eight games.
Asked about his future at the King Power Stadium beyond this season, the 53-year-old said, "My future will take care of itself, but the most important thing is the club's future."
"I haven't had any conversations about recruitment. We need to sit down at the end of the season. I'll have my opinions. But that's on the back-burner for now."
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
March 30 Global Logistic Properties Limited
* Update On Strategic Review
* special committee remains in discussions with such parties and that these parties have commenced due diligence on company.
* wishes to re-emphasise that all terms of proposals received (including price) are non-binding
* company wishes to remind all shareholders of company to refrain from taking any action in respect of their shares or other securities of company
* Company wishes to update that special committee remains in discussions with such parties
* There is no certainty that any definitive transaction will materialise from, or that any offer will be made Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON, March 30 American stock exchanges should not attempt to buy Deutsche Boerse, the German exchange whose bid to merge with its London counterpart has just collapsed, a senior German politician said on Thursday.
Deutsche Boerse is not only a private company but it also has state responsibilities," Thomas Schaefer, finance minister for the German state of Hesse, told reporters.
"The stock exchange authorities of Germany have to guarantee that if there is a change of owner, it has to guarantee that business has to continue uninterrupted as normal and it doesn't matter who makes an offer," Schaefer said.
Asked what his response would be if a U.S. exchange like ICE stepped in to bid for Deutsche Boerse, Schaefer replied:
"I would rather recommend colleagues in America not to attempt to do this."
Hesse regulates the financial centre in Frankfurt where Deutsche Boerse is based, and also has a veto over any merger involving the exchange. (Reporting by Huw Jones and Anjuli Davies)
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, she said on Wednesday.
May 3 General Cable Corp:
* General cable reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.27
* Q1 earnings per share $0.24
* Sees Q2 adjusted earnings per share $0.15 to $0.30
* Sees Q2 revenue $925 million to $975 million
* Expect to see improvement in Europe through remainder of 2017
* Maintain a positive outlook on our ability to execute against our roadmap in 2017
* Reported diluted earnings per share are anticipated to be in range of $0.05 to $0.20 per share in q2 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* PREVIOUS TRADING SESSION MOVES:
* SSEC -0.1 pct, CSI300 -0.3 pct, HSI -0.7 pct
* Shanghai->HK daily quota used 1.6 pct
* HK->Shenzhen Connect daily quota used 3.8 pct, Shenzhen->HK daily quota used 1.7 pct
* CNY official close 6.8767 per dollar
* FTSE China A50 -0.1 pct, BNY Mellon ADR China Select Index +0.0 pct
SHANGHAI, March 28 Following is a list of recent corporate and policy announcements, as well as other news that might affect Chinese financial markets. Policy, government, sector news:
* China will improve 'policy framework' for cross-border yuan use -c.bank
* China Jan-Feb industrial profits surge most in nearly 6 years as commodities rally
* China state-owned firms' Jan-Feb profits up 40.3 pct y/y - finance ministry
* China Feb services trade deficit narrows to $17.6 bln - FX regulator
* China's February net-gold imports via Hong Kong surge
* China's Hebei province launches new probe into steel overproduction
* China's fuel stocks up 15 pct on mth, diesel at 11-mth high
Company moves: (Unless otherwise specified, pct change is for y/y)
In focus
* China's CRRC Corp wins LA metro contract worth up to $647 mln
* China state firms eye land around the Panama Canal - waterway authority
* China Vanke says no deadline for meeting to select new board
* China Southern Airlines reaches agreement with American Airlines, A-shares to resume trading on Tuesday
Earnings/Performance
* China Merchants Shekou's 2016 net profit up 97.5 pct
* Financial Street's 2016 net profit up 24.5 pct
* Shenzhen Worldunion Properties Consultancy's 2016 net profit up 46.7 pct
* China Int'l Marine Containers' 2016 net profit down 73.4 pct
* Shandong Gold Mining's 2016 net profit up 100.1 pct
* Gansu Jiu Steel Group returns to net profit in 2016
* Yutong Bus's 2016 net profit up 14.4 pct
* Tianqi Lithium's 2016 net profit up 510.0 pct
* Dongxu Optoelectronic's 2016 net profit down 6.5 pct
* China Meheco's 2016 net profit up 54.3 pct
* Bright Dairy and Food's 2016 net profit up 34.6 pct
* Zhejiang Nhu's 2016 net profit up 199.1 pct
* Shenzhen Chiwan Wharf's 2016 net profit up 0.9 pct
* Rizhao Port's 2016 net profit down 42.8 pct
* Northeast Electric Development swings to net loss in 2016
Equity changes/IPOs
* Greenland's major shareholder cuts a 4.9 pct stake
* Shanghai Jin Jiang Int'l Hotels cuts stake in Changjiang Securities
* Huaneng Power Int'l plans A-share issue to fund power projects
* Fibocom Wireless's IPO 7,205.25 times oversubscribed in online tranche
* Xiamen Guang Pu Electronics' IPO 8,924.2 times oversubscribed in online tranche M&A
* China Grand Automotive Services' unit plans to buy six firms
* Recon Wenyuan Cable's unit in deal to invest in U.S. firm A&T Media
* Hytera Communications agrees to buy Canada's Norsat International Other moves (spin-offs, divestitures, deals)
* Guangzhou Automobile Group's unit to invest 4.7 billion yuan in new energy car project (Compiled by Luoyan Liu; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's economy was expected to grow for an eighth straight quarter in October-December, the longest period of expansion in about 30 years, a Reuters poll found on Friday, led by robust exports and solid domestic demand.
Gross domestic product (GDP) was estimated to have expanded at an annualized rate of 0.9 percent in the fourth quarter of last year, the poll of 19 analysts found.
That would be the longest streak of growth since a 12-quarter stretch of growth between April-June 1986 and January-March 1989 around the height of Japan's notorious economic bubble.
The pace of growth likely slowed in the fourth quarter from annualized 2.5 percent growth in the third quarter, but analysts believe the deceleration will be temporary.
The expected annual expansion would translate into 0.2 percent growth from the previous quarter.
“The economy is forecast to improve thanks to both domestic and foreign demand on the back of recovering the global economy,” Yusuke Ichikawa, senior economist at Mizuho Research Institute said in the survey.
“But we need to be vigilant about financial market fluctuations, a slowdown in China's economy, and geo-political risk from North Korea.”
Poll respondents also noted rises in import costs from new-model smartphones and higher oil prices would trim Japan's trade surplus. But exports were expected to remain strong on robust shipments of goods such as cars and semiconductor manufacturing equipment.
The median forecast saw capital spending rising 1.1 percent in the fourth quarter, up for a fifth straight quarter, on buying of equipment to ease labor shortages and brisk demand from semiconductor makers.
Private consumption, which accounts for roughly 60 percent of GDP, rose 0.4 percent for the quarter, recovering from a 0.5 percent fall in the third quarter, the poll predicted. The poll showed the economy received no contribution from external demand - or exports minus imports - after it contributed 0.5 percentage point to GDP growth in July-September.
The Cabinet Office will publish the GDP data on Feb. 14 at 8:50 a.m.(2350 GMT, Feb. 13).
Japan's current account balance was seen likely to show a surplus of 1.02 trillion yen ($9.30 billion) in December, shrinking from a 1.35 trillion yen of surplus in November as higher oil import costs trimmed the trade surplus, the poll found.
The finance ministry will release the data at 8:50 a.m. Japan time on Feb. 8, Thursday (2350 GMT Wednesday).
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Committee chairman U.S. Senator John McCain (R-AZ) delivers an opening statement as retired U.S. Marine Corps General James Mattis sits before a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on his nomination to serve as defense secretary in Washington, U.S. January 12, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
WASHINGTON U.S. Sen. John McCain on Monday announced that he will support an upcoming effort by his fellow Republicans to win Senate confirmation of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court by changing the chamber's rules in order to overcome Democratic opposition.
McCain, in remarks to reporters, said he had "no choice" but to go along with a change in rules ending a tradition of 60 votes in the 100-member Senate needed to advance Supreme Court nominees to a final vote. He said he would support the rule change "because we need to confirm Gorsuch."
In the past, McCain has strongly opposed such a change.
(Reporting by Richard Cowan; Editing by Leslie Adler)
NEW DELHI At least 25 people were injured on Thursday when eight carriages of a passenger train derailed in northern India, a railway ministry spokesman said, the latest in a series of incidents involving the world's fourth-largest rail network.
The Mahakoshal Express was travelling from Jabalpur city in central India's Madhya Pradesh to the capital, New Delhi, when it derailed at about 2 a.m. (2000 GMT Wednesday) in Uttar Pradesh state.
"Rescue operations are underway. We have rushed a disaster management team to the incident spot," railways ministry spokesman Anil Saxena said in New Delhi.
The cause of the derailment has not been determined yet and police would investigate whether it was an accident or a planned attack, he said.
India's state railways, built during British colonial rule, have an appalling safety record after decades of underinvestment and a priority on keeping fares low for the 23 million passengers who use the network every day.
In the previous serious accident, 150 people were killed when a train derailed in Uttar Pradesh late last year.
India recorded 27,581 railway deaths in 2014, the most recent year for which figures are available, with most victims falling from, or being struck by, moving trains.
(Reporting by Rupam Jain; Editing by Paul Tait)
April 10 New World Development Co Ltd
* Doo and company entered into services group master services agreement in relation to services group transactions
* CTFE and the company entered into the CTFE master services agreement in relation to the CTFE transactions
* Services group master deal was entered into with William Doo Wai Hoi non-executive vice-chairman and a nonexecutive director of co Source text (bit.ly/2oR1BgE) Further company coverage:
April 13 Asian Pay Television Trust
* Somnath Adak has been appointed as chief financial officer
* Brian Mckinley has been appointed as chief executive officer and executive director of board
* Lu Fang-Ming has been appointed as non-executive director and vice chairman of board
* Cheong Wei Yue has resigned as chief executive officer and executive director of board Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Qatar central bank raises deposit rate 25 bps, keeps others unchanged
DOHA, June 15 Qatar's central bank said on Thursday it was raising its overnight deposit rate by 25 basis points to 1.50 percent, after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates by the same margin.
BRIEF-Skanska says sells buildings at university in Kalmar, Sweden
* Skanska divests three buildings at linnaeus university in kalmar, sweden, for about sek 1.1 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
(Repeats with no changes to text. The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
By Clyde Russell
SINGAPORE, March 31 The rally in commodity prices last year is starting to filter through to higher spending by miners, but the nature of how they are loosening the purse strings betrays the view that companies are still cautious about the outlook.
Mining service providers are generally one of the first groups to suffer cutbacks when prices turn down, but equally they are among the first beneficiaries when things turn around.
In the five years of declining prices from 2011 to 2015, mining companies universally tried to survive by stripping costs out of their operations, with many eventually even cutting sustaining capital.
It's this spending that is coming back into the market, according to several participants at this week's Mining Investment Asia conference in Singapore.
Sustaining capital is the miners' term for the money needed to keep the operation running at its present production rates, and includes items like replacing machinery and doing the necessary geological and engineering work to ensure that the next area to be mined is identified and prepared.
Most mines work on mine plans that detail the work to be undertaken in the coming years.
When a company cuts sustaining capital, it can continue to operate on the existing plan, but eventually it will need to put money back into the project to keep operating.
The more than doubling of the price of iron ore and thermal coal in 2016 has given miners some confidence that they can once again invest in their operations.
A Jakarta-based provider of specialised mining engineering services said on the sidelines of the conference that the number of projects his company has signed up in the first quarter of this year is about 50 percent higher than in the first quarter of last year.
"But the nature of the spending is different this time. They aren't expanding or building anything new, they are just making sure they can keep output going steady," he said, requesting anonymity as he isn't authorised to speak to the media.
A similar story was told by other mining contractors at the conference, who report increased order books, but not much work for greenfield projects.
What appears to be happening is that companies, having cut spending to the bone, are now having to put money back into their operations in order to keep production steady, in other words they are now spending cash to stand still.
Several contractors said this appeared to the case with many companies operating in Indonesia's coal, copper and gold sectors, and Australia's coal, gold and iron ore mines.
It also extended from major companies, such as Anglo-Australian giants Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton , right down to smaller, family-owned coal mines in Indonesia.
M&A REBOUNDING
Another sign of health in the mining services sector is the rising level of merger and acquisition activity across Asia and Australia.
In Australia, the number of announced deals so far this year is more than double that of the first quarter of 2016, according to data presented at Mining Investment Asia by Nicholas Assef, the executive director of boutique investment banking firm LCC Asia Pacific.
While some of these deals are agreed takeovers, there have been hostile attempts, such as Downer EDI's $1 billion bid to buy cleaner-caterer Spotless Group and Cimic Group's stalled bid for mining contractor Macmahon Holdings.
What the flurry of M&A activity in the mining contracting sector likely shows is that companies are looking at ways to build capacity ahead of an anticipated upswing in demand for their services.
But it's worth noting that so far the increase in demand for mining services isn't translating into new mining projects across the Asia-Pacific region.
One consistent theme at the conference was that miners, especially junior explorers seeking to transition to production, are finding it hard to obtain finance.
Investment banks are still placing hurdles that are too high on projects, the initial public offering market is still viewed as unattractive for mining projects and private equity players will only invest when the project is far enough advanced that it probably doesn't need cash anymore, Alberto Migliucci, chief executive of Petra Commodities, told the conference.
The most viable method for miners to access cash is through high net-worth individuals and families, who are prepared to take a longer view on the potential returns if they like the project and the management, he said.
Overall, it seems that while the mining sector is starting to turn around after the 2011-15 commodity price slump, it's a long way from resembling the boom days that accompanied the recovery from the 2008 global recession.
(Editing by Joseph Radford)
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Deutsche Bank's British chief executive may have done much to rebuild bridges between Germany's biggest bank and its politicians, business leaders and general public, but John Cryan has gambled this goodwill in an effort to keep top bankers.
Cryan's decision to push ahead with paying big bonuses, despite Deutsche Bank reporting heavy losses in 2017, is testing relations with German politicians and the public, many of whom deeply disapprove of high pay and Anglo-Saxon style capitalism.
Reactions to the bonus payouts confirmed on Friday were almost universally negative in Germany, including from the government in Berlin itself, leaving the 57-year-old former UBS investment banker with another huge public relations job to do.
For unlike his predecessor, Cryan has made a point of speaking German, staying attuned to the mood music in the local press and putting Deutsche Bank's own backyard, rather than Wall Street and London, at the center of its growth strategy.
“This is capitalism gone out of control and it's bad for Deutsche Bank's image in Germany,” Hans-Christian Stroebele, a prominent member of Germany's Green party and one of the country's best known liberals, said.
There is a growing debate in Germany about the gap between rich and poor. A prominent research institute published a study in January showing that a greater portion of household wealth was concentrated among the super rich than previously believed.
What really irks many Germans is that the bonus debate comes as Deutsche Bank slashes its headcount and on Friday reaffirmed plans to cut 9,000 jobs from 2015 levels, around one in 10 staff globally, with 4,000 expected to lose their jobs in Germany.
“Deutsche Bank management does the only thing it can in the circumstances,” Christian Ehring, one of the nation's best known comedians, said on state broadcaster ARD this week: “Sack staff and swipe fat bonuses for themselves”.
In justifying his bonus plans, Cryan said Deutsche Bank was making a “one-off investment” to retain staff and that bonuses next year would be closely linked to performance.
But even the German government, which normally keeps a low profile when it comes to voicing opinions on private sector pay, aired its own scepticism after Deutsche Bank announced its third annual loss in a row, due to a drop in revenue from investment banking and a U.S. tax reform, but paid its staff more than 12 billion euros, 3 percent more than in 2016.
In investment banking, where Deutsche Bank posted a loss of more than 700 million euros during the final three months of the year, pay and bonuses in the same period jumped 45 percent year on year to more than 1.2 billion euros.
“The leadership team of a large corporation – including that of a German bank – must always pay attention to how its decisions are perceived in public,” Steffen Seibert told journalists in Berlin, reiterating similar remarks this week.
“They must also have a good argument for the public.”
Cryan defended the payout, while acknowledging the potential damage to Deutsche Bank's image.
“We are in a particular time in Germany where the word bonus does still have a certain sensitivity,” he said. “But I think our job is to do what is right for the company overall.”
He said the bank's restructuring reflected its allegiance to Germany, Europe's biggest economy. Last year, it decided not to sell Postbank, a retail bank in Germany, which Cryan said was “a clear commitment to our home market”.
And Marcus Schenck, co-deputy CEO who oversees Deutsche Bank's investment bank, pointed out that many U.S. banks fled Germany as the financial crisis hit in 2007, leaving companies there in the lurch. “We will never do that,” he said.
German investors, who have seen their shares fall in value since Cryan became CEO, also expressed unease.
“It is not clear why investment bankers should get high bonuses when their business is in the red,” Hendrik Leber, a fund manager at Deutsche Bank shareholder Acatis, said.
And Markus Kienle of the SdK, a group that represents German investors, said he could not see why Deutsche Bank was doing so.
“If you're not going to be measured by your results in paying the bonus, what then?” Kienle added.
As well as negative headlines in German newspapers and broadcasters taking a critical stance on the bank's bonus payout, which has been hotly discussed since rumours circulated at the beginning of the week, even comedians have weighed in.
“Half a billion loss but a billion in bonus because top managers would otherwise go to the competition?” Martin Sonneborn, a German comedian and European Parliament member joked on Twitter, prompting a flood of “likes” in response.
Reanne Evans of England plays a shot during her semi-final match against Ng On-Yee of Hong Kong during the Eden World Women's Snooker Championship in Singapore March 19, 2017. REUTERS/Yong Teck Lim
Reanne Evans secured a brilliant 10-8 victory over Robin Hull in the first round of World Championship qualifying on Wednesday to move within two victories of a place at final stages of the tournament at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield.
The 31-year-old Englishwoman, an 11-times women's world champion, weathered an early storm of heavy scoring from the Finnish world number 57 before launching a superb comeback to win four of the last five frames to progress.
"I would say that's my best win," Evans, who secured her first ever win in World Championship qualifying, told reporters at the Ponds Forge sports complex, also in Sheffield.
"Robin is an amazing player, a good break builder and solid. I just won the scrappy frames today and it helped me in the end. Winning in the way I did, I felt nervous, but I kept under control.
"If I can start scoring a bit heavier, you never know what could happen for the rest of the week."
Evans suffered a surprise defeat to Hong Kong's Ng On Yee in the semi-finals of this year's World Women's Championship in Singapore last month but revelled in the role of underdog on Wednesday.
In 2015, Evans was narrowly eliminated by 1997 World Champion Ken Doherty at the same stage of World Championship qualifying after being awarded a wild card to compete.
"I felt really good out there and if I had lost I would have been even more gutted than my defeat to Ken Doherty," she added.
Evans advances to face Welsh world number 91 Lee Walker in the second round of qualifying, another best-of-19 contest, while Ng has a mountain to climb to progress in her first round qualifier as she trails veteran Nigel Bond 6-1 overnight.
Briton Mark Selby is the reigning world champion and will begin the defence of his title at the 32-player finals starting on April 15.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru; Editing by John O'Brien)
AMSTERDAM, April 12 Airbus Chief Executive Tom Enders is in the early stages of considering whether to seek another term as head of Europe's largest aerospace company when his mandate expires in 2019, and says he is not currently thinking about retirement.
The German-born executive told Reuters in an interview he was far from bored after five years in the job, during which the company has gone through sweeping governance changes as well as a reorganisation whose final step was approved on Wednesday.
"It is up to shareholders and the board to decide. I am 58 now and I am not close to retirement. (Former CEO) Louis (Gallois) retired from the company aged 68, which is not my benchmark, but in 2019 I will only be 60," he said. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Adrian Croft)
FILE PHOTO: Detail of a European map is seen on the face of a euro coin in London, Britain, January 31, 2016. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo
LONDON The euro zone's greatest existential threat may no longer center on small, peripheral countries such as Greece and Portugal dragging it down, but instead on the prospect that its third largest economy, Italy, could abandon ship.
Two recent economic reports show what the euro has meant to Italians and why polls suggest they are no longer keen. One suggests they are poorer as a result of being part of the currency bloc, the other that they are falling further behind their counterparts in main trading partner Germany.
It is a distant risk to the currency bloc that Italy will actually walk away, but not beyond imagination.
Italy's 5-Star movement, which wants to dump the euro through a referendum, has been surging in opinion polls recently, getting as much as a third of the vote in a March Corriere Della Sera poll. The anti-European Union Northern League got another 12 or so percent - and there are others.
But actually leaving the euro zone would come down to whether Italian voters believe 15 years or so of the currency had been good or bad for them.
The recent analyses suggest it has been the latter. Consider, first, how much Italians have to spend.
A December report from Eurostat, the European Union's statistics agency, looked at GDP per capita - the economy divided by its people - in terms of purchasing power between 2004 and 2015.
Assuming a base of 100 for the EU's combined 28 countries, powerhouse Germany rose to 124 from 120 over the period. Italy, however, sank to 96 from 110.
That puts Italy closer to emerging economies like the Czech Republic, Slovakia and Slovenia that it does to Germany. France was pretty much unchanged at 106.
This means that simply in terms of what they can buy, Italians are poorer that they were in 2004, a few years after they swapped the lira.
YOUR EURO, MY EURO
Second are some findings this month from research group World Economics that suggest Italy's problems from its currency linkage with Germany are increasing.
Germany has become much more competitive as a member of the euro zone. By comparison, Italy has not.
World Economics takes a basket of representative goods and services in U.S. dollars and compares it in purchasing power terms with the cost in other currencies. The result is its World Price Index (WPI).
For the euro zone, the index allows for counter-intuitive comparisons between member countries - essentially creating German euros, French euros, Italian euros and so on.
Over the past two years, the "Italian euro" has gone from being 3 percent overvalued to 4 percent undervalued in the WPI, effectively a better position vis-à-vis the dollar.
But the difference between it and the "German euro" has widened by two percentage points as the latter has become 14 percent undervalued.
This means Italian businesses exporting to Germany, their top destination, are facing worse conditions than previously. It also makes German imports cheaper and therefore more competitive domestically.
World Economics points to other euro zone countries that have a worse problem -- France and Greece, for example - but suggests that Italy is a new fault line for the euro zone.
"Italy looks like becoming the next 'domino' to suffer from the strength of the German economy as trends ... have become much more pronounced over the past 12 months," it said in a note.
None of this may be caused by the euro per se, or be enough to outweigh the benefits of pooling a currency and the protection that can bring.
But added to other factors - annual GDP growth struggling to reach 1 percent, for example, or declining capital investment in business and infrastructure - they do go some way towards explaining why fewer Italians tell pollsters the euro is a good thing.
(Editing by Andrew Heavens)
TEPIC, Mexico, March 29 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Reducing inequality, securing water supplies and strengthening disaster prevention is crucial to bolster Chile's quake-prone capital against climate change and other hazards, Santiago's authorities said.
In a new strategy to make the city more resilient, they laid out plans this week to cut congestion and air pollution, improve public transport and build more parks in low-income areas.
But better governance is essential to the strategy, said Claudio Orrego, governor of the Santiago metropolitan region, which has 34 municipal districts and mayors.
“Santiago is a city of disasters - we have had in the last year the worst fires ever, we had two floods in the city (and) two important water supply cuts,” said Orrego by telephone from Santiago, which is home to more than 6.1 million people.
“All of this is due to the climate change impact on the city, and that requires protocols, coordination and infrastructure to cope,” he said in an interview.
The strategy, released as part of Santiago's participation in the 100 Resilient Cities initiative, brings together programmes already underway in the city, one of the most unequal in Latin America due to wide gaps between rich and poor in housing, education and services, as well as gender inequality.
Rapid, uncoordinated urban growth has led to low-income housing being built on the poorly connected fringes of Santiago with inadequate infrastructure and few green spaces, said the report, noting that around 18 percent of residents of the greater metropolitan region live in poverty.
“We are sitting everyone at the table," said Orrego. "Be it flooding, be it earthquakes, we're taking an integrated approach to the future."
With climate change expected to reduce rainfall and increase temperatures in the area, Santiago wants to end overexploitation of its water supply. It is developing a water fund to help secure supplies for the city, and protect water sources such as glaciers high in the surrounding Andes.
“Having a public-private endeavour, trying to protect in a very holistic way all the water supply we use in the city is something new,” said Orrego, stressing the urgency of the task.
The city's resilience plan includes measures to develop an early warning system to lower the risk of floods and wildfires - after a recent spate of devastating blazes reached the outskirts of the city, blanketing it with smoke – and to strengthen emergency relief efforts.
CRIME AND CORRUPTION
Situated in a dry, mountain valley, Santiago is likely to be increasingly affected by problems such as urban heatwaves and shortages of water and power, while agricultural demand for water could exacerbate drought conditions in rural areas, according to the report.
With the San Ramon fault line running along the edge of city, the resilience strategy lays out plans to link emergency response efforts and set up a system to monitor seismic activity, while tightening building regulations and factoring vulnerabilities into urban planning.
In the long term, the city may need to redefine its approach to zoning and land use, taking into account transport, social exclusion and disaster risks, said Orrego.
Michael Berkowitz, president of 100 Resilient Cities, which is backed by The Rockefeller Foundation, said cities across Latin America need to improve governance to stop crime, inequality and exposure to natural hazards hampering their development.
“It's understanding that if you have a safer, more equitable city, that will make you better able to withstand the next earthquake or the next flood,” said Berkowitz.
The perception of high corruption is hindering the growth of public-private partnerships in the region and hobbling cities' resilience efforts, he added.
“If they can get some of these governance, transition, empowerment issues right, I think you could see Latin American cities make some real progress over the next 10 or 15 years,” said Berkowitz. (Reporting by Sophie Hares; editing by Megan Rowling. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, resilience, women's rights, trafficking and property rights. Visit news.trust.org/climate)
Cans of Dulux paint, an Akzo Nobel brand, are seen on the shelves of a hardware store near Manchester, Britain, April 24, 2017. REUTERS/Phil Noble
Cans of Dulux paint, an Akzo Nobel brand, are seen on the shelves of a hardware store near Manchester, Britain, April 24, 2017. REUTERS/Phil Noble
Dutch paint maker Akzo Nobel NV's (AKZO.AS) supervisory board is scheduled to meet on Tuesday to discuss how to proceed after deeming PPG Industries Inc's (PPG.N) latest $29 billion offer to be insufficient, people familiar with the matter said.
Akzo believes that PPG's third acquisition bid, which was unveiled on April 24, still does not value the company highly enough, especially in light of Akzo's plans to unlock value by exploring a spin-off or sale of its specialty chemicals business, and the risks it sees in the potential deal, the sources said.
However, Akzo is studying several scenarios about how to move forward, mindful that several of its shareholders want it to engage with PPG in negotiations. Activist hedge fund Elliott Advisors has been trying to oust Akzo's Chairman Antony Burgmans to put pressure on the company to talk to PPG.
Among the options being considered by Akzo is talking to PPG only about some of the issues that would affect the deal, such as antitrust approval risk, or rejecting it outright without any engagement, the sources said.
This is because Akzo is concerned that engaging with PPG in comprehensive deal negotiations would weigh on its prospects of getting PPG to improve on its offer much more, according to the sources.
No timeline has been set for Akzo's response to PPG, the sources said, asking not to be identified because the deliberations are confidential.
Akzo and PPG did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
PPG said last week its latest acquisition proposal was worth 96.75 euros per Akzo share, comprised of 61.50 euros in cash, 0.357 shares of PPG common stock and dividends worth 7.78 euros.
That's a 50 percent premium to Akzo's closing price of 64.42 on March 8, the day before PPG confirmed it had made a proposal to buy Akzo at 80 euros per share. Akzo has been arguing this premium does not factor in the value of its announced plans to shed its specialty chemicals business.
PPG has said it has no plans to break up Akzo following an acquisition. It has also said it plans to submit a formal offer for Akzo to the Dutch financial markets regulator by June 1, regardless of whether Akzo chooses to engage.
Elliott has been seeking to call an extraordinary meeting of Akzo shareholders to oust the company's chairman, a move that Akzo has been resisting.
(Reporting by Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Additional reporting by Pamela Barbaglia in London; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Oracle Corp:
* ORACLE SAYS BOARD AUTHORIZED REPURCHASE OF UP TO AN ADDITIONAL $12.0 BILLION OF COMMON STOCK UNDER AN EXISTING SHARE REPURCHASE PROGRAM​ - SEC FILING Source text - bit.ly/2EdRSrI Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Capital Vc Ltd:
* ‍PLACING AGENT TO PLACE UP TO 550 MILLION NEW SHARES AT A PRICE OF HK$0.050 PER PLACING SHARE​
* ‍MAXIMUM NET PROCEEDS FROM PLACING WILL BE ABOUT HK$26.6 MILLION​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
April 13 Peabody Energy Corp:
* Discovery Capital Management LLC reports 29.6 percent stake in Peabody Energy Corp, as of April 3, 2017
* Discovery Capital Management LLC - have been in contact with Peabody regarding alternatives that co could employ to "maximize shareholder value" Source text:(bit.ly/2oaiA9I) Further company coverage:
Rue21 Inc is preparing to file for bankruptcy as early as this month, according to people familiar with the matter, as the U.S. teen fashion retailer faces a big debt pile and declining foot traffic.
The chain, which sells budget-priced clothing and accessories at about 1,100 stores in malls, strip centers and outlet centers across the United States, is struggling to repay a debt load of nearly $1 billion.
Much of that debt stems from a $1.1 billion leveraged buyout by private equity firm Apax Partners LLP in 2013.
Rue21 has engaged real estate advisers to help it negotiate with landlords, and an operational restructuring adviser for assistance in preparing for bankruptcy, the people said this week. The company is already working with restructuring bankers from firm Rothschild & Co, they added.
The sources requested anonymity because they are not authorized to discuss the matter with the media.
Rothschild and Apax declined to comment.
Facing default on some of its debt, Rue21 reached forbearance agreements with lenders that extend through late April, the Warrendale, Pennsylvania-based company said in a statement on Thursday.
Asked to comment on its bankruptcy plans, company spokesperson Todd Fogarty said in an email: "Rue21 has been working to improve its operations and enhance its liquidity position and has been actively engaged with its lenders and bondholders to explore the best path forward."
Bloomberg News first reported Rue21's bankruptcy plans on Thursday.
Rue21 would be the latest in a string of retailers seeking bankruptcy protection as shoppers shift their spending online.
This week, Payless ShoeSource, a retailer of discount shoes, filed for bankruptcy with a plan to immediately close 400 of its over 4,000 stores worldwide.
High-end department store chain Neiman Marcus Group LLC hired investment bank Lazard Ltd (LAZ.N) to explore ways to slash its $4.9 billion in debt, Reuters reported.
Like Rue21, Payless and Neiman Marcus have been hurt by debtloads created in private equity buyouts, preventing them from being nimble and adjusting to the changing retail environment.
Rue21 has also been hit by competitors like Zara, Forever 21 and H & M Hennes & Mauritz AM (HMb.ST) which offer similarly priced apparel.
(Reporting by Jessica DiNapoli in New York; Editing by Richard Chang)
NBC warns against bank ‘propaganda'
The central bank announced yesterday that all financial institutions are required to declare that they are a “Private Institution” on all company signage and that it must be displayed in appropriate locations in order to differentiate from state-owned institutions.
The National Bank of Cambodia (NBC) said in the announcement that it has observed that some private financial institutions “use propaganda” to deceive customers into believing that they are state-owned institutions as means of pressuring borrowers to repay their debts.
“Such propaganda negatively affects the development of Cambodia's financial sector,” the announcement said. It added that financial institutions need to reinforce transparency when issuing loans and educating staff to avoid using undo force when collecting debts.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
WEST MIAMI-DADE, FLA. (WSVN) - The parents of the Florida International University student who was killed when a new pedestrian bridge collapsed near campus last week said their lives will never be the same again.
Alexa Duran was the only FIU student student killed in the collapse that took place Thursday afternoon along Southwest Eighth Street.
“She was coming back from school,” said her mother, Gina Duran.
Her father, Orlando Duran, said her passing has created a huge void in his life.
“I don't think I'll ever, ever be the same again, because my friend is not here anymore,” he said.
The victim's family showed 7News a photo of Alexa as a little girl posing with her older sister Dina.
This is #FIUBridge victim Alexa Duran on the right when she is a little girl. Her parents need the community's help wsvn pic.twitter.com/Sp7T730Nne — Rosh Lowe (@rloweon7) March 19, 2018
“My oldest daughter, Dina, is totally devastated right now,” said the grieving father. “The little sister would look up to Dina.”
Alexa was 18 years old. She was a freshman majoring in political science.
Her father said she aspired to be a writer and a lawyer.
“Alexa, she wasn't just my daughter. She was also my friend,” he said. “She knew what was going through me just by looking at me. She'd always take care of me. She used to cover me when I was cold.”
Her parents' joy was clear in a photo where they posed with the teen.
“I loved my daughter like there was no tomorrow,” Gina said. “Please, mamita, you know I loved you, OK?”
The heartbroken mother is now making funeral arrangements.
Alexa became trapped in her car and was unable to get out. Her passenger, Richie Humble, was able to get out of the vehicle and call 911, but it was too late for his friend.
Orlando was never able to say goodbye. “I wanted to tell you goodbye. I wanted to see you one last time just to say goodbye,” he said. “I wanted to tell you how much I love you and that I'm looking forward to meeting you and that I don't know when that is going to happen.”
Alexa's parents are now faced with the expense, the trauma and the painful process of burying their daughter. They are hoping for the community's help.
“Mamita, I love you. I'm going to see you, OK?” said Gina.
She then paused and added, “But not now. I'm gonna take care of your sister, OK? And I love you, mami.”
Their baby girl is gone forever, but their love for her will last for an eternity.
Alexa's sorority, Alpha Xi Delta, will hold a remembrance event in her honor, Thursday evening.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
April 13 Murder mystery "The Black Book," co-authored by prolific writer James Patterson, held steady at the top of the U.S. fiction best-sellers list on Thursday. Data released by independent, online and chain bookstores, book wholesalers and independent distributors across the United States was used to compile the list. Hardcover Fiction Last week 1. "The Black Book" 1 Patterson/Ellis (Little, Brown, $28) 2. "All by Myself, Alone" - Mary Higgins Clark (Simon & Schuster, $26.99) 3. "The Chosen" - J.R. Ward (Ballantine, $28) 4. "The Lost Order" - Steve Berry (Minotaur, $28.99) 5. "Norse Mythology" 4 Neil Gaiman (Norton, $25.95) 6. "Mississippi Blood" 2 Greg Iles (Morrow, $28.99) 7. "The Women in the Castle" 8 Jessica Shattuck (Morrow, $26.99) 8. "If Not For You" 3 Debbie Macomber (Ballantine, $27) 9. "Earthly Remains" - Donna Leon (Atlantic Monthly, $25) 10. "Vicious Circle" 5 C.J. Box (Putnam, $29) Hardcover Non-Fiction 1. "Old School" 1 O'Reilly/Feirstein (Holt, $27) 2. "Hallelujah Anyway" - Anne Lamott (Riverhead, $20) 3. "The Most Beautiful" - Mayte Garcia (Hachette, $27) 4. "Hillbilly Elegy" 4 J.D. Vance (Harper, $27.99) 5. "Head Strong" - David Asprey (Harper Wave, $27.99) 6. "Tales from the Yawning Portal" - (Wizards of the Coast, $49.95) 7. "Hashimoto's Protocol" 2 Izabella Wentz (HarperOne, $28.99) 8. "The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck" 7 Mark Manson (HarperOne, $24.99) 9. "Make Your Bed" - William H. McRaven (Grand Central, $18) 10. "Killing the Rising Sun" 6 O'Reilly/Dugard (Holt, $30) (Copyright © 2017 Publishers Weekly. Week ending April 9, 2017. Powered by NPD BookScan © 2017 NPD Group) (Compiled by Piya Sinha-Roy)
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
The National Privacy Commission on Tuesday said it had summoned the management and other responsible officials of seven schools, institutions and local government units who had reported breaches of their websites on April 1.
In a statement, the privacy body said it earlier sent notice to top officials of Taguig City University; the Department of Education offices in Bacoor City, Cavite and Calamba City, Laguna; the province of Bulacan; Philippine Carabao Center; Republic Central Colleges in Angeles City, Pampanga; and Laguna State Polytechnic University in Laguna to appear before it from April 23 to April 24.
The officials will be asked to explain why they did not notify the commission and the affected data subjects about the breach since the subjects' personal data were made available for downloading via links posted on Facebook.
The breaching was unreported for 72 hours.
As of Tuesday, none of the affected organizations issued any data breach notifications as part of their obligation as Personal Information Controllers (PICs) under the Data Privacy Act of 2012.
“PICs are required to employ organizational, technical and physical measures to protect personal data,” Commissioner Raymund Enriquez Liboro of the privacy body said.
“This includes the duty to inform data subjects and this commission if there is a serious data breach,” Liboro added.
Digital investigators from the National Privacy Commission determined that each of the exposed databases contained sensitive personal information or information that could be used to perpetuate identity fraud; that the exposed data are in the hands of unauthorized persons; and that the exposure of the data raises a real risk of serious harm to the affected data subjects.
In its initial estimate, the commission said at least 2,000 individual data subjects were breached, including their name, address, phone number, email address and, in some instances, even passwords and school details.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
April 3 Bank of India Ltd:
* Seeks members' nod for issue of equity shares to government of India in respect of share application money of 15 billion rupees received
* Seeks members' nod for capital raising plan for issue of shares and tier-I and tier-II capital bonds Source text: bit.ly/2oARpW9 Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Boom supersonic signs partnership with Stratasys to improve speed of development for supersonic aircraft
* Boom Supersonic says Co, Stratasys sign 3-year technical partnership to improve speed of development for supersonic aircraft with 3D printing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Releads, adds context for sale)
LONDON, March 28 Barclays is in exclusive talks to sell its stake in its Zimbabwe unit to Malawi-based First Merchant Bank, the lenders said on Tuesday, as the British bank continues its exit from Africa.
First Merchant Bank said in a statement on its website it was in exclusive talks to buy out the 68 percent of Barclays Bank of Zimbabwe owned by the British company.
A spokeswoman for Barclays confirmed the bank was in early discussions with a prospective buyer for its stake in the Zimbabwe bank.
Neither party disclosed a value for the prospective deal. Barclays Bank of Zimbabwe has a market capitalisation of $60 million, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Barclays previously said it was looking to sell the stake as part of a broader exit from Africa announced a year ago when Chief Executive Jes Staley said the lender would instead focus on a transatlantic strategy in the United States and Britain.
Barclays Bank of Zimbabwe is one of two banks together with Barclays Bank Egypt that do not form part of the lender's South Africa-based Barclays Africa Group, which is also up for sale.
The remaining 32 percent of Barclays Bank of Zimbabwe's shares are traded on the Zimbabwe stock exchange. (Reporting by Lawrence White; Editing by Mark Potter)
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
TABLE-Qatar May inflation dropped to the lowest level in years on eve of sanctions
June 15 Qatar's Statistics Authority released the following May consumer price data, showing annual inflation at its lowest level since at least early 2015, when the current data series began. Other Gulf Arab states cut diplomatic and transport links with Qatar in early June. This could boost inflation because the land border with Saudi Arabia is closed and Qatar must now import food and other goods through different channels. QATAR CONSUMER INFLATION 05/17
TORONTO, April 5 Canada's main stock index rose on Wednesday to a fresh nearly six-week high led by the heavyweight financial and energy groups as oil prices rose, while lower gold prices weighed on mining shares.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index was up 74.73 points, or 0.48 percent, at 15,743.80, shortly after the open. Eight of the index's 10 main groups rose. (Reporting by Fergal Smith)
A logo of consumer goods group Henkel is pictured before its annual news conference in Duesseldorf March 8, 2012. REUTERS/Ina Fassbender/File Photo
DUESSELDORF, Germany German consumer goods group Henkel (HNKG_p.DE) will keep looking for acquisitions to bolster its business, its new chief executive said on Thursday.
"We want to complement our portfolio and strengthen our position in attractive markets via targeted acquisitions," Hans Van Bylen told shareholders at the group's annual general meeting.
Henkel last month made a binding offer to buy Darex Packaging Technologies from GCP Applied Technologies (GCP.N) for $1.05 billion (0.84 billion pounds).
(Reporting by Matthias Inverardi; Writing by Maria Sheahan; Editing by Arno Schuetze)
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK, June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $4.5 trillion balance sheet.
SEN. Richard Gordon on Saturday called on President Rodrigo Duterte to appoint more lawyers to the Office of Solicitor General to ensure the speedy resolution of about 725,000 pending cases at the OSG.
Gordon learned about the lack of public lawyers during the public hearing conducted by the Senate Committee on Justice and Human Rights on several bills proposing to strengthen the OSG.
The OSG only has 267 lawyers but it has an estimated 725,000 cases, of which 374,420 are still active.
“The President should appoint lawyers to fill up these vacant positions to allow for smoother service by the OSG,” Gordon said.
The posts of State Solicitors I to III are to be appointed by the President. The OSG said there are a number of vacancies for these positions.
Out of the 988 authorized positions for the OSG, only 721 are filled up.
Gordon also urged the OSG to expedite the hiring of lawyers for lower ranking positions.
“I don't mind getting you high salaries and benefits but obviously, you cannot cut the 728,904 cases. You seem to be doing a good job but no one could cope with that caseload. You should hire more lawyers,” he said.
“I'm wondering why you cannot recruit lawyers. You should strengthen your recruitment,” Gordon added.
Iowa Governor Terry Branstad testifies before a Senate Foreign Relations Committee confirmation hearing on his nomination to be U.S. ambassador to China at Capitol Hill in Washington D.C., U.S., May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump's nominee to be the U.S. ambassador to China said on Tuesday he would do everything possible to address what he called China's "unfair and illegal" sales of underpriced steel in the world market.
"I want to do everything I can to make sure that we stop the unfair and illegal activities that we've seen from China in the steel industry," the nominee, Iowa's Republican Gov. Terry Branstad, said at his U.S. Senate confirmation hearing.
(Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; editing by Grant McCool)
April 11 West Mountain Environmental Corp:
* West Mountain Environmental executes letter of intent with Walker McNeil Group of Companies
* West Mountain Environmental - under terms of LOI WMGOC will invest up to CDN$14 million in company with CDN$7.0 million to be invested within next 90 days
* West Mountain Environmental - LOI provides for purchase by WMGOC of 50 million shares of WMT from treasury at $0.05 per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
April 6 Starzen Co Ltd
* Says Seiichi Uzurahashi, chairman of the board of the company, will retire from chairman
* Says the change will be decided formally in meeting of shareholders on June 29
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/qLjlgD
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Swansea City must treat each of their remaining six Premier League games of the season "like a final" if they are to have any hope of avoiding relegation, midfielder Leroy Fer has said.
Swansea's 1-0 loss at West Ham United on Saturday extended their winless streak to five games and leaves them two points from safety in 18th position.
"It's going to be massive, but every game left is like a final now," Fer told the club's website.
"We still have six games to go and we must go into each one looking to win. Watford is next up on Saturday. It's going to be a hard game again, but we have to stay positive and go there to win. "
The only positive for Swansea from last weekend's round of fixtures was that teams around them failed to take advantage of their slip-up. Bottom club Sunderland lost, as did Hull City, who are two points and one place above them.
Middlesbrough, four points behind but with a game in hand, drew at home to Burnley.
Fer said Swansea had to concentrate on their own matches even though they will need some help from other sides.
"We must only focus on ourselves and not look at other teams to do anything for us," the 27-year-old Dutchman said.
Swansea, who have only three away wins in 16 matches this season, travel to 10th-placed Watford on Saturday.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
April 5 Exor says:
* Full year consolidated profit 588.6 million euros vs 744.5 million euros the previous year
* drop in profit due to lower gains on the disposal of investments, and increase in taxes, duties, net financial expenses and non-recurring expenses
* net asset value at $14.64 billion at end-2016
* to pay dividend of 0.35 euros per share
* expects to report profit in 2017 Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan newsroom)
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Sodium Gluconate Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Sodium Gluconate market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Jungbunzlauer, Roquette, PMP Fermentation Products, Xiwang Group, Shandong Fuyang, Shandong Parkson, Shandong Parkson, Wanshang Group, Shandong Qilu Group, Weifang Honghai, Qingdao Kehai, Shandong Kaison, Shandong Xinhong. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Sodium Gluconate Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-sodium-gluconate-market/10360/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Sodium Gluconate market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Sodium Gluconate market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Sodium Gluconate Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Sodium Gluconate. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Sodium Gluconate in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Industrial Grade, Food Grade, Pharma Grade, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Food, Pharmaceutical, Water Quality Stabilizer, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Sodium Gluconate Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-sodium-gluconate-market/10360/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Sodium Gluconate new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Sodium Gluconate market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Sodium Gluconate industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
People line up to vote at a polling station in the first round of 2017 French presidential election in Vaulx-en-Velin, France, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Emannuel Foudrot
PARIS Turnout figures for the first round of the French presidential election showed a 28.54 percentage participation rate by midday local time, (1000 GMT) the Interior Ministry said on Sunday, slightly above the corresponding rate in the 2012 vote.
The 28.54 percent compared to 28.29 percent in 2012 at the same hour, and compared to midday turnout rates of 31.21 percent in 2007 and 21.40 percent in 2002.
(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Andrew Callus)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
(Repeats April 7 column. The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
* Fund positioning on LME aluminium: tmsnrt.rs/2nKme9i
By Andy Home
LONDON, April 7 Aluminium has been the best performer among the core industrial metals traded on the London Metal Exchange (LME) so far this year.
Currently trading around the $1,945 per tonne level, aluminium for three-month delivery is up 15 percent since the start of January.
LME stocks are falling at a fast pace and physical premiums are rising, although as ever with aluminium appearances can be slightly deceptive.
China's threat to force production capacity off-line over the winter heating season, starting around the middle of November, has upended a narrative of chronic oversupply.
There's still plenty of devils in the detail of what that will actually mean in seven months' time but there's no doubt the possibility of significant cutbacks has galvanized the previous underperformer of the LME complex.
No wonder the money men have been drawn into the action. Fund positioning on the LME aluminium contract is the longest it's been since the exchange first started publishing its Commitments of Traders Report (COTR) in July 2014.
That new-found enthusiasm for aluminium, however, has opened up a gap between London and Shanghai prices. The question now is how much Chinese metal might flow out through that export window.
Because while production cuts are still on the medium-term horizon, China right now is showing every sign of lifting run-rates with an accompanying surge of metal availability.
Graphic on fund positioning on LME aluminium:
tmsnrt.rs/2nKme9i
MONEY MEN ARRIVE
The most recent LME COTR shows money managers holding a net long position of 203,550 lots as of Thursday, March 30.
It represents the highest level of long positioning by fund managers since the LME introduced its report in 2014.
Expressed as a percentage of total open interest, the position was equivalent to 21.9 percent, also a record high level.
The LME COTR is not everyone's favourite data series, given some well-flagged issues with how positions are allocated between categories.
But it broadly corresponds with an alternative assessment of speculative positioning published by LME broker Marex Spectron.
Marex estimates that funds were long to the tune of 215,000 lots, representing 41 percent of open interest, on the same day. That was close to a multi-year peak of 43 percent on March 2, 2017, it said.
Slightly different numbers but the message is the same. Funds have been building length in aluminium since the start of the year.
So far they have had no reason to trim their bets on higher prices.
In broad-brush terms, three-month aluminium has made steady upwards progress over the last few months, helped by sizeable activity on upside call options and a conspicuous lack of contrarian selling.
MIND THE GAP
The problem, though, is that the funds' exuberance has helped open up a gap with the Shanghai market.
While LME prices have risen by over 15 percent since January, the most actively traded contract on the Shanghai Futures Exchange (ShFE) has lagged behind with a more modest gain of just under 10 percent.
As a result the arbitrage window between the two markets is flexing wider.
That brings with it the threat of accelerated exports of semi-manufactured products.
Product exports in January and February were relatively subdued at 580,000 tonnes, down 1.5 percent on 2016.
That may have reflected the disruptive effect of China's Lunar New Year holidays as well as shifts in the product mix below the headlines.
There is the potential for a strong pick-up over the coming months.
Because while the market is fixated on the potential for Chinese cutbacks later this year, in the very short term there is no shortage of aluminium in the country.
There is a lot of noise in Chinese production figures around this time of year but the underlying trend is firmly upwards with national output rising by an annualised 925,000 tonnes over the November 2016-February 2017 period.
More is expected to come online in the new production hub that is the northwestern province of Xinjiang, while those producers that are in the firing line for winter cuts can reasonably be expected to maximise output just as much as they can in the intervening period.
ShFE stocks were looking depleted in the fourth quarter of last year but have rapidly rebuilt over the last few months.
They currently stand at 339,691 tonnes, up 238,969 tonnes since the start of January.
None of that metal can be exported without incurring the 15-percent tax on unwrought aluminium.
Products, on the other hand, are not only untaxed when leaving the country but qualify for a VAT rebate, which is why they have historically served as the release valve for domestic market surplus.
How much product is available for outbound shipment is dependent on several variables, not least the state of China's own usage, but the surge in availability of primary metal is a somewhat ominous sign.
STRUCTURAL IMBALANCES
The rest of the world needs Chinese exports.
There is little doubt that the market outside of China is transitioning to a state of supply shortfall.
China itself is still structured the other way round with a natural tendency towards overproduction and surplus.
The flow of metal between the two in the form of Chinese products is the balancing mechanism.
But the speed of flow is determined first and foremost by the arbitrage between London and Shanghai. That arbitrage is moving to a level were exports should accelerate strongly in the coming months.
Whether they do or not is going to be an interesting test of the state of the Chinese domestic market.
An even more interesting test will come in November, when we get to see whether Beijing's war on pollution translates into a war on aluminium.
Before then, though, it's probably going to be business as usual, namely higher production and higher exports.
Funds betting on Chinese tightness later in the year may have to weather a potential storm of Chinese glut beforehand.
(Editing by Susan Thomas)
May 3 Gold held on Wednesday near a three-week low hit in the previous session on rising equities and a firmer dollar as markets waited for cues on an U.S. interest rate hike from the Federal Reserve later in the day. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold was down 50 cents at $1,256.29 per ounce, as of 0048 GMT. Bullion on Tuesday hit $1,251.37 per ounce, its lowest since April 10. * U.S. gold futures were little changed at $1,257.20 an ounce. * Stock markets inched higher on Wednesday and investors awaited the outcome of a two-day U.S. Federal Reserve policy meeting to be announced at 2 p.m. EDT (1800 GMT). * The U.S. Federal Reserve is expected to hold interest rates steady at its meeting this week as it pauses to parse more economic data but may hint it is on track for an increase in June. * The market's so-called fear gauge, the VIX volatility index , fell to its lowest since 2007 on Monday. * The U.S. dollar has been and will likely continue to be on a gentle weakening pattern, Jeffrey Gundlach, chief executive at DoubleLine Capital, said on an investor webcast late on Tuesday. * Sales of gold products by Australia's Perth Mint slumped to the lowest monthly figure in five years in April as prices remained steady despite strong fundamentals and simmering geopolitical tensions, the company said on Tuesday. * The European Central Bank bought more French and Italian bonds than its own rules allow last month, which probably helped keep financial markets calm in the tense run-up to the first round of France's presidential vote. * Factories across much of Asia got off to a solid start in the second quarter, buoyed by strong global demand, particularly for hi-tech gadgets which are leading a sizzling rally in electronics. * Promising to cut pensions and give taxpayers fewer breaks, Greece has paved the way for the disbursement of further rescue funds from international lenders and possibly opened the door to reworking its massive debt. * European manufacturers began the second quarter at a brisk pace, with the euro zone's factories increasing activity at the fastest rate in six years and Britain's still benefiting from a weak currency, surveys showed. DATA/EVENT AHEAD (GMT) 0800 Germany Unemployment rate Apr 0900 Euro zone GDP flash Q1 0900 Euro zone Producer prices Mar 1215 U.S. ADP national employment Apr 1400 U.S. ISM non-manufacturing PMI Apr 1800 Federal Reserve statement after two-day policy meeting (Reporting By Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by Richard Pullin)
April 12 Gold hit a 5-month high on Wednesday after rising nearly 2 percent in the previous session, with investors seeking refuge in safe-haven assets due to rising tensions over U.S. relations with Russia and North Korea. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold had edged up 0.1 percent to $1,275.21 per ounce by 0035 GMT, after earlier hitting its strongest since Nov.10 at 1,276.28. * U.S. gold futures edged up 0.3 percent to $1,277.60. * Heightened tensions in the Korean peninsula and Middle East following U.S. strikes on Syria, along with the upcoming French presidential election, have left investors nervous. * The United States accused Russia on Tuesday of trying to shield Syria's leader from blame for a deadly poison gas attack last week, as U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson brought a Western message to Moscow condemning its support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. * North Korean state media warned on Tuesday of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression, as a U.S. Navy strike group steamed toward the western Pacific - a force U.S. President Donald Trump described as an "armada". * French centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen clung on as frontrunners in France's tight presidential race on Tuesday, but the unpredictable outcome is pushing some pollsters to calculate the most extreme runoff scenarios. * San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank President John Williams said on Tuesday the U.S. central bank should raise interest rates three or four times this year, and begin to trim the Fed's multitrillion-dollar balance sheet in late 2017. * Trump told a group of chief executives on Tuesday that his administration was revamping the Wall Street reform law known as Dodd-Frank and might eliminate the rules and replace them with "something else". * Euro zone industrial output declined in February, against market expectations of a slight increase, largely due a sharp drop in energy production, dampening prospects for robust economic growth. * Holdings of SPDR Gold Trust , the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, rose 0.50 percent to 842.41 tonnes on Tuesday from 838.26 tonnes on Monday. * London's gold price benchmark fixed some $12 below the spot price on Tuesday afternoon as the auction appeared to become locked in a downward spiral. * Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Ltd plans to launch Hong Kong and London gold contracts by June or July this year, Chief Executive Charles Li said on Tuesday. DATA AHEAD (GMT) 0130 China PPI March 0130 China CPI March 0600 Germany Wholesale prices March 0830 U.K. ILO unemployment rate Feb 1230 U.S. Import prices March (Reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by Joseph Radford)
April 10 Flipkart:
* Flipkart announces investment of $1.4 billion from consortium of global blue chip tech companies
* Tencent, EBay and Microsoft join Flipkart as strategic investors
* The investment by Ebay is accompanied by a strategic commercial agreement with Flipkart
* Flipkart says the latest funding round at a post-transaction valuation of $11.6 billion Source text: [[Flipkart Group, India's leading e-commerce marketplace, has raised a total of $1.4 billion from Tencent, eBay and Microsoft - three of the world's premier technology companies. This investment adds to an existing group of marquee investors that include Tiger Global Management, Naspers Group, Accel Partners and DST Global. The latest funding round, at a post-transaction valuation of $11.6 billion, is the largest in Flipkart's 10-year history as well as in the Indian internet sector and comes as Flipkart gears up to drive the next phase of e-commerce growth in India. “This is a landmark deal for Flipkart and for India as it endorses our tech prowess, our innovative mindset and the potential we have to disrupt traditional markets. It is a resounding acknowledgement that the homegrown tech ecosystem is indeed thriving and succeeding in solving genuine problems in people's daily lives across all of India," said Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal, Founders of Flipkart]] Further company coverage:
March 29 Pdf 1: Global Logistic Properties Limited ()
* Glp Us Income Partners Iii - Further Syndication Of Stake
* Refers to establishment of harvest logistics and completion of acquisition of initial portfolio of industrial assets in U.S.
* Another committed co-investor, made its initial capital contribution of about us$79 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Share This: Sorry, The X-Men Won't Be Joining The Avengers On The Big Screen Any Time Soon Crystal
The announcement of the Disney-Fox merger sent ripples throughout the entertainment industry late last year. And while there's a lot that can be said about the House of Mouse's $52.4 billion acquisition of 21st Century Fox's film and television assets—mainly, what does Disney's big move mean for the future of entertainment as a whole?—for some it was hard not to feel the tiniest bit excited the future of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Because if the Disney-Fox merger goes through, that means Fox superhero properties like the X-Men and Fantastic Four can fight side by side with the Avengers on the same screen, no fan-edit required. But according to Marvel Studios head Kevin Feige, we're still “years away” from seeing that coveted superhero team-up play out on screen.
“The truth of the matter as I understand it is the deal has to be figured out,” Feige told Vulture at a recent press junket for Black Panther. “There's been no communication. We're not thinking about it. We're focusing on everything we've already announced. If and when the deal actually happens, we'll start to think more about it. Until then, we have a lot to do.”
When pressed for more information, Feige said, “We've announced everything through 2019, so none of those would be adjusted.” The untitled fourth Avengers flick will conclude the Marvel Cinematic Universe's historic Phase 3 in May 2019, and the Untitled Spider-Man: Homecoming sequel has already been announced for later that year.
As the MCU inches closer to Phase 4, and as the actors themselves near the end of their contracts, it makes sense that Marvel Studios would shake up its superhero roster in a post-2019 world. Adding some mutants into the mix would surely do the trick.
But for now, Feige remains focused on the herculean task at hand: wrapping up the story that began 10 years ago with the release of a little film called Iron Man. As for Feige's own future at Marvel past Phase 3, he reiterated, “I think about it through 2019.”
If the anticipated release of Black Panther proves anything, it's that Feige still has lots of surprises left underneath that baseball cap.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
FILE PHOTO: A trader points up at a display on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange August 20, 2012. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
Aetna Inc (AET.N) reported a quarterly net loss on Tuesday related to costs from its failed acquisition of Humana Inc (HUM.N) and said it will cut exposure to money-losing Obamacare coverage in 2018.
Like other U.S.-based health insurers including Anthem Inc (ANTM.N) and Molina Healthcare Corp (MOH.N), Aetna faces deadlines to file 2018 plans but is uncertain about components of premium rates such as the continuation of government subsidies and the mandate for Americans to have insurance.
President Donald Trump has vowed to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, often called Obamacare, although Republican lawmakers have not agreed on how to do so. Insurers are weighing unresolved issues such as a costly health insurance tax in 2018 and the loss of significant government subsidies as soon as this year.
"We continue to evaluate our footprint with a view towards significantly reducing our exposure to individual commercial products in 2018," Aetna Chief Financial Officer Shawn Guertin said during a conference call.
In an interview, Guertin explained that the company is making decisions about the three remaining states where it sells these plans based on the current situation.
Aetna, which has 255,000 customers in individual plans that comply with Obamacare, said customer medical costs were high and recorded a $110 million premium deficiency reserve in the first quarter for future losses.
The company said its first-quarter net loss was $381 million, or $1.11 per share, compared with a profit of $737 million, or $2.08 per share, a year earlier.
That reflected a more than $1 billion termination fee for walking away from Humana in January after a federal judge backed the U.S. Justice Department's decision to block the deal on antitrust grounds.
Aetna said that even without Humana, it will grow its Medicare government business for elderly people and that it is pursuing contracts in the Medicaid program for the poor.
Excluding one-time costs, the company reported a better-than-expected $2.71 per share, above analysts' average estimate of $2.37, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Aetna shares were up 1.6 percent, or $2.21, at $139.02.
Leerink analyst Ana Gupte said the shares had already risen in recent weeks after UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH.N) and Anthem Inc (ANTM.N) reported earnings, capping today's gains.
Aetna raised its forecast for 2017 adjusted earnings to $8.80-$9.00 per share from at least $8.55 per share, but Gupte said that while the forecast for this year was strong Aetna's medium-term outlook was weak compared to rivals.
"They don't have any really exciting growth platform," she said.
(Additional reporting by Ankur Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Meredith Mazzilli)
(Repeats to fix link to graphic)
* Rouble has risen by over 10 pct since November
* Oil price in rouble terms retreats to Nov levels
* Russia yet to decide on oil cut extension
By Oksana Kobzeva and Vladimir Soldatkin
MOSCOW, April 13 A strong rouble is deflating Russian oil producers' and government hopes for a revenue boost from a global deal to curb output that was designed to lift prices and reduce inventories.
The price of Russia's flagship Urals oil blend has risen around 20 percent since OPEC and 11 other large producers, led by Russia, agreed late last year to cut production in the first half of this year.
In the same time though, the rouble has climbed by more than 10 percent versus the dollar, eroding gains for Russian oil. The Russian government's budget revenues from oil exports also shrink when the currency strengthens.
The price of a barrel of Urals oil blend URL-NWE-E was just under 3,000 roubles per barrel on Thursday, the same level it was at the end of November. It fell to as low as 2,686 roubles on March 24.
"The rouble has let the (oil) companies down - the first-quarter results will be worse because of the strong rouble," Alexander Kornilov of Moscow-based Aton brokerage said.
Russian mid-sized oil company Russneft, which produces around 140,000 barrels per day (bpd), said the oil price rise had not compensated its efforts to curtail output in rouble terms.
"In comparison to the fourth quarter, the price of a barrel of oil in roubles has been almost unchanged," the company said in emailed comments to Reuters, adding that oil prices should be between 3,400 roubles and 3,600 roubles per barrel.
Gazprom Neft, one of Russia's top three oil producers, said it was sticking to its plans for 2017 to extract 89.2 million tonnes of hydrocarbons (1.7 million bpd), up 3 percent year-on-year. It declined to comment on the rouble.
Rosneft and Lukoil declined to comment. Surgutneftegaz and Tatneft did not reply to Reuters requests.
The energy ministry said in emailed comments to Reuters that a price of $55 to $60 was "absolutely comfortable" for all oil producers. Benchmark Brent crude futures were around $56 a barrel on Thursday.
The ministry declined to comment on whether the strong rouble made the output cut deal less attractive for Russia.
OPEC is curbing its output by about 1.2 million bpd from Jan. 1 for six months. Russia, the world's top oil producer, and the other non-OPEC producers agreed to cut half as much. Russia's compliance with the cuts is around 83 percent.
BUDGET WORRIES
After the pact was signed, Russian President Vladimir Putin said the federal budget could yield 1.750 trillion roubles ($31 billion) in additional revenue due higher oil prices and that companies could earn 750 billion roubles.
But if the rouble remains steady at current levels this year, the extra oil and gas revenue for government coffers would be 1 trillion roubles, according to Russian Finance Ministry calculations seen by Reuters. The finance ministry has estimated that the rouble is overvalued by 10 to 12 percent.
Energy minister Alexander Novak said on Wednesday he had received no complaints from oil companies so far and that he planned to meet producers this month.
OPEC meets on May 25 and is considering whether to extend the deal beyond June. Most members are leaning towards this if all producers, including non-OPEC ones, also agree, OPEC sources told Reuters last month.
Russia has not publicly said whether it supports extending the supply cut, but is wary about the revival of U.S. shale output due to the higher oil prices.
"If not for the OPEC deal... the situation could have been worse off even under a weak rouble," Aton brokerage's Kornilov said.
($1 = 56.9300 roubles)
(Additional reporting by Darya Korsunskaya; Writing by Vladimir Soldatkin; Editing by Katya Golubkova and Susan Thomas)
April 6 Reliance Industries Ltd
* Reliance Jio Infocomm - Telecom Regulatory Authority of India advised Jio to withdraw the 3 months complimentary benefits of Jio summer surprise
* Reliance Jio Infocomm - Jio accepts TRAI's decision; is in the process of fully complying with the regulator's advice
* Reliance Jio Infocomm- will withdraw 3 months complimentary benefits of Jio summer surprise as soon as operationally feasible, over next few days
* Reliance Jio Infocomm -all customers who have subscribed to Jio summer surprise offer prior to its discontinuation will remain eligible for the offer Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Apple files for notes offering of up to $1.0 billion
* Says notes will bear interest at a rate of 3.000pct per year and will mature on June 20, 2027 Source text: (http://bit.ly/2rsfDae) Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Electrical power pylons of high-tension electricity power lines are seen at sunset in Cambligneul near Arras, France, February 15, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol/File Photo
PARIS Utilities in the European Union may have to offer more flexible prices from 2020 to encourage consumers to use more electricity when supplies are abundant and cheap, according to proposed new rules, a top EU official said.
Most European utilities sell at fixed prices, regardless of price swings on wholesale markets, which makes sense when most power comes from coal and nuclear plants that are always on.
But the surge in intermittent renewable energy, like solar and wind generation, has led to intraday price swings that demand a flexible approach to encourage usage on sunny and windy days when power is plentiful, the European Commission says.
The challenge will be to encourage utilities to adopt a more flexible price structure and to expand the rollout of smart meters in Europe. These meters could be linked up to mobile phone apps or other displays to show power price changes through the day and indicate when using appliances would cost less.
"We want to give consumers incentives to consume more when energy is cheap, therefore member states will have to introduce dynamic pricing besides other billing systems so that consumers have a choice," Klaus-Dieter Borchardt, director Internal Energy Market at the European Commission, told Reuters.
A package of power market reforms drawn up by the Commission late last year includes a provision for all EU states to ensure their utilities offer so-called "dynamic pricing" to reflect changes in supply.
Borchardt said the legislation outlined by the Commission was likely to be approved by the European Parliament this year or next, and would then come into force on Jan. 1, 2020.
Variable pricing could cut power bills for an EU household by up to 400 euros a year, Borchardt said, as consumers turn on appliances on sunny or windy days or when offices and factories are shut at weekends.
Flexible pricing contracts are already offered in Spain and Nordic states, such as Finland, Sweden, Norway and Estonia, said Commission official Anna Colucci. "We would like to offer it to all consumers in Europe," she said.
In Estonia, almost 70 percent of suppliers offered a flexible price contract and 20-25 percent of consumers used them, she said. Estonian supplier Eesti Energia allows clients to link contracts to wholesale prices and track hourly prices.
In Norway, about 90 percent of customers of Hafslund, the main supplier in Oslo, buy power at spot-indexed prices, a company spokesman said. Government statistics show spot price-contracts tended to offer cheaper prices in the past decade.
A vital step toward introducing dynamic power pricing will be installing smart meters in households. By 2020, about 17 EU states will be rolling out smart meter programs, Colucci said.
Some utilities may prove reluctant to offer a pricing model that gives customers more flexibility but means companies face less predictable earnings.
But Borchardt said they would have to adapt. "They can't stop it. There is no real opposition in parliament and in member states" to introducing such a system, he said.
Industrial clients have long benefited from more variable power pricing deals, encouraging them to time their usage.
Jean-Marc Ollagnier, group chief executive of Accenture Resources, said utilities had to offer significant price variations to encourage households to change their habits.
He said some household usage remained inflexible, such as in the evening when lights come on and meals are cooked, but said the rise of intermittent renewable power still strengthened the business case for offering more flexible pricing formulas.
(Additional reporting by Nerijus Adomaitis in Oslo; Editing by Edmund Blair)
(ADVISORY- Follow European and UK stock markets in real time on the Reuters Live Markets blog on Eikon, see cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets)
* FTSE 100 up 0.3 pct
* Miners, oil lend support
* DCC gains after agrees to buy Shell assets
By Kit Rees
LONDON, April 5 British shares rose on Wednesday, extending gains from the previous session as heavyweight mining shares and oil stocks rallied while DCC also gained after agreeing to buy a business in Hong Kong and Macau.
The blue chip FTSE 100 index was up 0.3 percent at 7,341.07 points by 0919 GMT, outperforming the broader European market thanks to its large proportion of resources-related stocks.
Miners were the standout performers, with BHP Billiton , Antofagasta and Anglo American all gaining between 1.7 percent to 2.4 percent as copper prices traded higher.
BHP Billiton, the world's biggest exporter of coal for making steel also saw support after declaring force majeure for coal deliveries from its mines in Australia's Bowen Basin after a cyclone damaged railway lines.
Disruption from Cyclone Debbie has spurred worries of tighter supply, sending coking coal futures higher.
Oil stocks also lent support, with BP and Royal Dutch Shell both up around 1.3 percent as the price of oil rose close to a month high on signs of a gradual tightening in global oil inventories.
DCC was also among the biggest gainers, up 1.6 percent and trading close to record highs after agreeing to buy Royal Dutch Shell's LPG business in Hong Kong and Macau for an enterprise value of $145 million.
"It ... provides a good platform for further growth in the Asian LPG market as it pursues its strategy to be a global leader in its industry," analysts at UBS said in a note.
The biggest faller was specialty chemicals company Croda which dropped 3.7 percent after Credit Suisse downgraded its rating to "underperform" from "neutral".
"We believe Croda shares are trading at a premium to fair value given operational headwinds in 2017 and structural long-term pressure in Personal Care as the business lifecycle matures," analysts at Credit Suisse said in a note.
Outside of the blue chips, shares in Allied Minds were set for their biggest one-day loss on record, plummeting 15.6 percent after the tech and life sciences-focused incubator cut funding for seven of its portfolio companies.
(Reporting by Kit Rees; Editing by Alison Williams)
HELSINKI, March 27 Finland's Financial Supervisory Authority (FSA) will set higher risk weights next year on housing loans in banks' capital adequacy calculations because of growing household debt, it said on Tuesday.
The watchdog said it plans to raise the minimum risk weight to 15 percent of banks' own funds on their balance sheet, up from the current 10 percent, by January 2018.
However, it said the Finnish banking sector remains strong, and it saw no need for further requirements for the banks.
Finnish households' debt relative to disposable income has almost doubled since 2000 to around 125 percent and the European Systemic Risk Board warned Finland about the high level of household indebtedness in November.
"It is, above all, a question of preparing for medium-term systemic risks," Olli Rehn, chairman of the FSA board, said in a statement about the risk weight change.
"Indebted households reduce strongly their consumption in crisis situations, which leads to a deepening of the crises," he said.
Finland's economic growth is picking up pace after a decade-long stagnation. The central bank lifted its growth forecasts for the coming years in March, citing strong consumer confidence, recovering exports and investments.
Finland's biggest banks include OP Financial Group, Sweden-based Nordea and Denmark's Danske Bank . (Reporting by Tuomas Forsell; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
MIDEAST STOCKS-Gulf falls as oil drops; banks soft despite rate rises
DUBAI, June 15 A tumble in crude oil prices to November lows put pressure on Gulf stock markets on Thursday morning, while banking shares reacted little to interest rate hikes in the region following the U.S. Federal Reserve's move overnight. Riyadh's stock index was down 0.3 percent after half an hour after Brent crude dipped below $47 a barrel; half of the 14 listed petrochemical producers fell, with PetroRabigh down 0.9 percent.
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
March 31 Feelingk Co Ltd :
* Says all of its 8th series unregistered and unsecured private convertible bonds have been subscribed on March 31
* Says it has raised 12.2 billion won in total
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/sTKzdm
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
- As noted, The Hollywood Reporter detailed the meeting between WWE and FOX over the television rights for SmackDown, which included Fox owner Rupert Murdoch telling WWE executives - including Stephanie McMahon and Triple H - that NBCU is "embarrassed by your product." It appears as there may be other programming involved with the deal, as the report noted that Murdoch also offered WWE a weekly studio show on FS1.
- You can save big on accessories today at WWEShop.com. There is no promo code necessary, just use this link.
See Also Ryback Thinks WWE Would Have Released Enzo Amore Regardless Of If He Informed Them Of Allegations
- Enzo Amore noted on Twitter today that he never heard of the rape allegations against him until the day they were made on Twitter (January 22nd). WWE suspended Enzo shortly after the allegations were made, and he was released the following day. Enzo claimed that not only did he not know of the allegations, but he was never contacted by the police and his lawyer had to email them, as seen below:
THE POLICE NEVER CALLED ME. EVER.... MY Lawyers EMAILED them: January 22nd 2018. #ArmChairDetective ???????? think you kno wtf is goin in smh https://t.co/g27PrFnOq2 — real1 (@real1) May 30, 2018
I hate to be the 1 to pull the nipple out of the 'aby's mouth.. but NO. I WAS NOT CONTACTED ONCE BY THE POLICE BEFORE JAN. 22nd. #bigFACTS — real1 (@real1) May 30, 2018
April 29 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Argentine championship matches on Saturday Saturday, April 29 Gimnasia-La Plata 0 San Lorenzo 1 Huracan 0 Newells Old Boys 1 Sarmiento 0 Colon (Santa Fe) 4 Tigre 0 Banfield 1 Friday, April 28 Independiente 2 Estudiantes 2 Quilmes 1 Talleres 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Boca Juniors 21 13 6 2 45 18 45 2 Newell's Old Boys 22 13 6 3 31 13 45 3 Colon (Santa Fe) 22 13 3 6 26 15 42 4 Estudiantes 22 11 7 4 37 22 40 5 San Lorenzo 22 12 4 6 37 27 40 ------------------------- 6 Racing Club 21 12 3 6 39 26 39 7 River Plate 21 11 6 4 34 21 39 8 Banfield 22 12 3 7 30 25 39 9 Independiente 21 9 8 4 24 14 35 10 Gimnasia-La Plata 22 9 7 6 20 15 34 11 Talleres 22 9 6 7 22 18 33 ------------------------- 12 Rosario Central 21 8 7 6 25 20 31 13 Lanus 21 8 6 7 23 22 30 14 Atletico Tucuman 21 7 6 8 25 25 27 15 Defensa y Justicia 20 7 6 7 17 18 27 16 Union (Santa Fe) 21 7 6 8 21 25 27 17 Godoy Cruz 21 8 2 11 22 28 26 18 Velez Sarsfield 21 7 4 10 19 30 25 19 Olimpo 21 5 9 7 20 21 24 20 Atletico Rafaela 21 6 6 9 19 20 24 21 Patronato 21 6 6 9 22 28 24 22 Temperley 21 6 6 9 17 25 24 23 Quilmes 22 6 4 12 15 33 22 24 Huracan 22 4 9 9 16 21 21 25 Tigre 22 5 6 11 25 33 21 26 Sarmiento 22 5 6 11 20 29 21 27 San Martin (San Juan) 21 4 9 8 17 30 21 28 Aldosivi 21 4 8 9 13 24 20 29 Belgrano 21 2 8 11 12 24 14 30 Arsenal 21 2 5 14 16 39 11 1-5: Copa Libertadores 6-11: Copa Sudamericana Still being played (GMT): Saturday, April 29 Temperley v Racing Club (2300) Next Fixtures (GMT): Saturday, April 29 Union (Santa Fe) v Patronato (2330) Sunday, April 30 Godoy Cruz v San Martin (San Juan) (1900) Rosario Central v Aldosivi (2000) Boca Juniors v Arsenal (2210) Olimpo v Atletico Rafaela (2230)
Britain's Labour urges protest to force PM May from power - Daily Mirror
LONDON, June 15 A senior lawmaker in Britain's opposition Labour Party has called for a million people to take to the streets to force a second election that he said would remove Prime Minister Theresa May from power, the Daily Mirror reported.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
Dec 10 (Reuters) - England's cricketers must take responsibility for their actions and improve their off-field behaviour or risk turning a younger generation of players away from the game, all-rounder Moeen Ali said on Sunday.
England's Ashes tour was plunged into another crisis on Saturday after batsman Ben Duckett was suspended for pouring a drink on a senior England player reported to be paceman James Anderson after an argument in a Perth bar late on Thursday.
The 23-year-old Duckett, who is part of the England Lions training team, was stood down from a tour game and is awaiting the outcome of an England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) disciplinary hearing.
“As professionals - with the young kids watching and hearing all the news, it's very important we are on our best behaviour,” Moeen, who does not drink, told a news conference on Sunday.
“It's important we inspire the younger generation to take up the game. This kind of things possibly can turn them away and that's not what we want. A lot of the families are here now, it's important we focus on the game.”
The behaviour of England players has come under scrutiny after all-rounder Ben Stokes was left out of the tour after he and teammate Alex Hales were arrested following an incident outside a Bristol nightclub in September.
Australia batsman Cameron Bancroft said England wicketkeeper Jonny Bairstow had given him a friendly headbutt in a Perth bar before the series but both men played down the row.
England coach Trevor Bayliss described Duckett's actions as “not acceptable” on Saturday and expressed his frustration at having to constantly explain the off-field behaviour of his players to the media.
”Trevor Bayliss, Andrew Strauss and all the guys who get most of the flak for it... you feel for them,“ Moeen added. ”We're all grown men and we should know how to behave.
“Through county cricket all the way up to international cricket, the individual needs to be responsible. Off-field behaviour needs to improve and we all know that.”
The third Ashes test starts on Thursday in Perth with England down 2-0 and hoping to avoid another humiliating whitewash. (Reporting by Shrivathsa Sridhar in Bengaluru; Editing by Toby Davis)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
JOHANNESBURG, April 5 South Africa's ruling African National Congress backed President Jacob Zuma after calls for his resignation from various groups after he dismissed a respected finance minister, ANC Secretary General Gwede Mantashe said on Wednesday.
The rand fell by 1 percent and bonds weakened after Mantashe said the ANC would not be part of a movement to remove Zuma, despite a chorus of criticism by ANC-allied parties and unions, religious groups, civil society and the opposition.
Mantashe said the ANC had accepted the "irretrievable breakdown of the relationship" between Zuma and former finance minister Pravin Gordhan as the reason Gordhan was sacked, a move that deepened a rift within the ruling party. (Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Writing by James Macharia; Editing by Larry King)
ISTANBUL, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Turkish authorities on Friday ordered the detention of 13 people for supporting the national medical association online, the newspaper Hurriyet reported, after the organisation publicly opposed a military campaign in Syria.
A prosecutor this week ordered the detention of 11 senior members of the Turkish Medical Association (TTB), including its chairman, after the organisation criticised the incursion into Syria's Afrin, saying “No to war, peace immediately”. President Tayyip Erdoğan accused the body of treason.
More than 300 people have been detained over social media posts that “criticised, opposed or misrepresented” the Afrin campaign, which started nearly two weeks ago, the government has said.
Among the 13 people targeted by the latest detention warrants was the gay rights activist Ali Erol, who had tweeted “War is a public health problem. #WeStandWithTTB”, his organisation said. Another person was detained after tweeting “War is death, destruction, blood and tears. #NoToWar”, other local media reported.
Authorities also raided the residence of a lawyer who had publicly read the statement from the medical association, a lawmaker from the main opposition said.
“They don't want to let anyone breathe,” Baris Yarkadas, of the Republican People's Party (CHP), said on Twitter.
The crackdown on some of Turkey's top doctors has drawn international criticism from rights group Amnesty International and the World Medical Association, which has called for their protection and an immediate end to the legal proceedings.
Erdoğan's critics see the latest arrests as emblematic of the purge that has followed a failed 2016 coup. More than 50,000 people have been arrested and 150,000 sacked or suspended from their jobs, moves the government says are necessary given the multiple security threats Turkey faces.
Right groups and some of Turkey's Western allies fear Erdoğan is using the crackdown to stifle dissent and crush his opponents. Freedom House, a Washington-based watchdog, downgraded Turkey to “not free” from “partly free” in an annual report last month.
Turkey launched its Afrin operation, dubbed “Operation Olive Branch”, nearly two weeks ago to target Kurdish YPG fighters near its southern border. Turkey sees the militia as a terrorist group and an extension of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK).
Separately, authorities on Thursday ordered the detention of another 13 people in three provinces for protesting against the offensive, police said. (Reporting by Ali Kucukgocmen and Tuvan Gumrukcu, editing by David Dolan, Larry King)
Private equity firm GTCR LLC is in exclusive talks to acquire U.S. job-hunting website CareerBuilder LLC for more than $1 billion, according to people familiar with the matter, in what would be the latest deal in the online recruitment sector.
The sale would allow CareerBuilder's owners - TV station operator Tegna Inc, broadcasting company Tribune Media Co and newspaper group The McClatchy Co - to cash out from what they regard as a non-core business.
GTCR has prevailed in an auction for CareerBuilder, and is in the process of trying to finalize the terms of a deal, the people said this week, cautioning that it is still possible that the negotiations end without an agreement.
The sources asked not to be identified because the negotiations are confidential. Tegna and Tribune Media declined to comment, while GTCR, CareerBuilder and McClatchy did not respond to requests for comment.
The potential deal for CareerBuilder comes as many popular job websites become acquisition targets amid challenges in translating user growth into profits. Last September, credit ratings agency Moody's Investors Service Inc called CareerBuilder's operating performance "weak".
In examples of other deals in the jobs website sector, Microsoft Corp acquired LinkedIn Corp for $26.2 billion last December, while Randstad Holding NV took over Monster Worldwide Inc for $429 million in November.
DHI Group Inc, the operator of the information technology and engineering job website Dice, said in November it was carrying out a review to explore strategic alternatives.
Tegna announced last year that it would explore options for its 53-percent stake in CareerBuilder, and said it expected to complete its strategic review in the first half of 2017. It also said it would spin off its auto-sales website Cars.com. These two businesses represent close to 40 percent of Tegna's revenue mix.
CareerBuilder generated revenues from its subscription offering of $162 million in 2016, up 8 percent from 2015, according to regulatory filings. The vast majority of its revenue is in the United States.
CareerBuilder has been expanding into new areas in recent years. Last year it bought Aurico, a background screening and drug testing service for an undisclosed sum. It also acquired a 75-percent stake in WorkTerra, a maker of software for benefits and compliance.
Tegna has said that any proceeds from a sale of CareerBuilder would provide it with "even further financial flexibility."
(Reporting by Liana B. Baker in San Francisco and Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
Putin says Russia's economic crisis is over, inflation falling
MOSCOW, June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Russia's economic crisis was over and that inflation, already at a historic low, would fall further to 4 percent this year.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Patriot National Bancorp Inc:
* PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP ACHIEVES RECORD FULL YEAR PRE-TAX INCOME OF $7.0 MILLION - ITS STRONGEST FULL YEAR OPERATING PERFORMANCE EVER RECORDED
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.15
* NET INTEREST INCOME WAS $7.0 MILLION IN QUARTER, ESSENTIALLY UNCHANGED FROM Q3 OF 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
TAIPEI, March 31 Taiwan stocks fell on Friday, led by the semiconductor and transportation indexes as the Taiwan dollar continued to weaken further from a near-29-month high posted earlier this week. Asian shares were mixed on Friday, with the dollar extending overnight gains on signs of strong U.S. economic growth. As of 0306 GMT, the main TAIEX index fell 0.16 percent to 9,832.80 points, after closing down 0.1 percent in the previous session. The semiconductor subindex fell 0.85 percent, and the transportation index lost 0.44 percent. Additionally, the financial subindex was down 0.07 percent. Among actively traded shares, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co , the world's largest contract chipmaker and a major Apple Inc supplier, was down 0.52 percent. The Taiwan dollar weakened T$0.051 to stand at T$30.366 to the U.S. dollar, reversing a strengthening trend seen earlier in the week. (Reporting by Jess Macy Yu; Editing by Sunil Nair)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
March 30 Aiptek International Inc:
* Says it will issue 1.1 million new shares via private placement to eight individuals and an investment company at T$2.76 per share
* Says the proceeds will be used to enrich operating funds
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/mKdbJ9
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
LONDON Iranian sovereign fund IFIC is targeting investments in the healthcare and high-tech sectors in the hope of improving the lives of Iranians, Vahid Sharif, an investment manager at the fund, said on Thursday.
The Iran Foreign Investment Company, set up in 1997 as a holding company to manage the state's assets and investments overseas, has around $5 billion under management, Sharif said. Revenues come from company dividends, and its mandate is to reinvest these in new opportunities abroad.
It is currently invested in 22 companies including banks, financial and credit institutions, mining and other industries.
Speaking to Reuters on the sidelines of the Global Sovereign Wealth Forum in London, Sharif said IFIC was focusing on opportunities in the healthcare industry -- such as pharmaceuticals to tackle cancer and Alzheimer's -- and innovative high-tech industries.
"We are ready to co-invest in the high-tech industry," he said, citing potential opportunities in the car industry around navigation, reducing accidents and cutting air pollution.
"How can we make Iranian roads safer? Can we develop electric cars to reduce pollution?" he said. "Also, Iran is number one in energy waste -- is there a way to reduce this?"
Investments could be made by taking minority stakes in companies or through joint ventures. "We want to transfer knowledge to Iranians," Sharif said.
Europe is a major focus for the fund, which is also working on a way to provide trade finance for Iranian and European companies wanting to do business with each other.
The European Union has lifted nuclear-related economic and financial sanctions on Iran though the United States voted earlier this year to extend sanctions, the latest of several such post nuclear-deal moves that have deterred western banks from financing trade or investment in Iran.
Sharif did not comment on the impact of sanctions on the fund's activities.
"We are also exploring South Korea and Japan," he said. "These countries have a good relationship in oil with Iranians, it means there is no concern over liquidity.
(Reporting by Claire Milhench)
Storm clouds can be seen above the Bayswater coal-powered thermal power station located near the central New South Wales town of Muswellbrook, Australia March 14, 2017. Picture taken March 14, 2017. REUTERS/David Gray
SYDNEY Investors are ploughing ever more into ethical funds to back their views on issues such as global warming and gender equality, but such investments can be confusingly similar to standard funds, except for higher fees and 'green halo' marketing.
The $23 trillion "sustainable, responsible and impact" (SRI)investment sector has received a rush of money since the Paris climate agreement and, more recently, in protest against U.S. President Donald Trump's plans to slash environmental regulations.
Europe is the dominant region for such investments, with $12.04 trillion, followed by the United States, with $8.72 trillion, while Asia lags some way behind.
U.S. investors have poured $1.8 billion into actively managed U.S. equity funds in the socially responsible category from November to January, according to Lipper data, while other funds saw a net outflow of $133 billion.
Even in fossil-fuel-rich Australia and New Zealand, SRI investment rose from $148 billion to $516 billion between 2014 and 2016, and from $729 billion to $1.09 trillion in oil-rich Canada, according to the Global Sustainable Investment Review released on Monday.
Gavin Goodhand, a portfolio manager at Sydney-based Altius Asset Management, said the company's sustainable bond fund tripled shortly after the 2015 climate accord, where nearly 200 countries signed up to measures designed to curb greenhouse gas emissions.
"The Paris conference was the line in the sand for many of our retail customers, particularly the millennial generation, who want to do the right thing for the environment," said Goodhand.
GREENWASH MARKETING
Governments are also tapping the trend, selling green bonds to fund projects such as wind farms or low-carbon transport, with Poland, France and Nigeria making their debut this year.
Some managers, however, are sceptical.
"While environmental, social and governance factors should always factor into investment decisions, this is largely a marketing exercise," said Steve Goldman, a global portfolio manager at Sydney-based Kapstream Capital, which has A$10 billion ($7.6 billion) of fixed-income assets.
Goldman said Kapstream did not have a responsible investment fund because its clients had not asked for it.
The bond market does not have commonly agreed standards or criteria for what constitutes a green bond, and there is no guarantee the proceeds actually go to the low-carbon project as claimed.
There are similar concerns over equity products.
Stuart Palmer, head of ethics research at Australian Ethical Investment, said there was a danger that some marketing departments would "greenwash" their products to lure investors into funds that were little different to standard products.
"The concern is, do they represent real change, or are they a marketing exercise?" said Palmer.
FEE PREMIUM
There are no agreed definitions on what is considered ethical, sustainable and socially responsible, but ethical investors are typically expected to cough up higher fees.
For example, retail investors pay more than a third higher fee for the sustainability and ethical funds at Sydney-based BT Investment Management (BTIM) than for its standard share fund equivalent.
The three funds hold six or seven of their top-weighted stocks in common, including major banks Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ.AX), Westpac Banking Corp (WBC.AX), National Australia Bank (NAB.AX) and miner BHP Billiton (BHP.AX), according to December filings.
A BT spokeswoman did not return requests for comment.
For investors, it can be a minefield.
"I find it difficult as a consumer to do the due diligence I would like to do because even the ethical funds are not always totally transparent about what they define as ethical," said retail investor Meraiah Foley, a Sydney academic.
"One of the ethical funds I have invests very heavily in retail banks in Australia, and those banks themselves may be underwriting projects that the fund itself would not invest in."
Individual stock picks can prove controversial.
Australian fund manager Perennial Investment Partners had a long position in building company James Hardie in its socially responsive trust before the fund was sold in 2015, despite huge liabilities stemming from Hardie's history of manufacturing asbestos products. Perennial and Hardie declined to comment.
An early Australian adopter of SRI principles, the A$10 billion Local Government Super (LGS), holds a position in retailer Woolworths (WOW.AX), the country's biggest slot machine operator, which would put it beyond the pale for investors who avoid stocks that profit from gambling.
LGS head of sustainability Bill Hartnett said Woolworths met the manager's SRI guidelines.
"If Woolworths had more than 10 percent of their revenue in gambling, we would get rid of them. We are true to label, but it's under 10 percent," said Hartnett.
Woolworths did not immediately return a request for comment.
There is also no standard practice on what to do when an existing fund stock breaches a manager's policies. Some investment managers will sell, but others argue they can influence behaviour by retaining their shareholding.
"We believe in engagement rather than divestment," said Sam Sicilia, chief financial officer at the A$22 billion pension fund Hostplus.
"When you sell a share in a 'bad' company, it's a transfer of ownership and does nothing to the company that's causing the issue, so divestment does not really work."
Graphic on sustainable investment tmsnrt.rs/2nptKGY
(Reporting by Cecile Lefort and Jonathan Barrett in SYDNEY; Additional reporting by David Randall in NEW YORK, and Simon Jessop and Nina Chestney in LONDON; Editing by Will Waterman)
BRASILIA, March 30 Brazilian central bank director Carlos Viana said on Thursday that it is unlikely that the government will revise down its 2018 inflation target even as price increases continue to ease.
Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles said earlier on Thursday that the government would analyze inflation data to decide whether to revise its 2018 inflation target later this year.
(Reporting by Alonso Soto; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
FILE PHOTO: A man counts U.S dollar bills at a money exchange office in central Cairo, Egypt, March 7, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
WASHINGTON The U.S. government had a $176 billion budget deficit in March as spending outstripped revenue, the Treasury Department said on Wednesday.
The budget deficit was $108 billion in March 2016, according to Treasury's monthly budget statement.
The fiscal 2017 year-to-date deficit was $527 billion compared with $459 billion in the same period of fiscal 2016.
When accounting for calendar adjustments, the deficit last month was $140 billion. The adjusted deficit for the fiscal year to date was $564 billion.
Receipts last month totaled $217 billion, down 5 percent from March 2016, while outlays stood at $393 billion, an increase of 17 percent from the same month a year earlier.
(Reporting by Lindsay Dunsmuir; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
April 5 Trigiant Group Ltd:
* On March 30, unit, vendor and warrantors entered into SP agreement
* Sale shares represent 40% of issued shares of target company
* Vendor has conditionally agreed to sell, and purchaser has conditionally agreed to purchase, sale shares
* Consideration for acquisition is RMB377.4 million
* Application has been made for resumption of trading in shares with effect from 9:00 a.m. On 6 April 2017
* Target company is Jiang Mei Limited and purchaser is Trigiant Holdings Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of company Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The AIG logo is seen at its building in New York's financial district March 19, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
NEW YORKAmerican International Group Inc (AIG.N) is joining insurers offering products that offer consumers safeguards against hackers and cyber criminals who might steal personal data.
The U.S. insurer plans to roll out a product on Monday that offers coverage for expenses that arise from online bullying, extortion and other digital misdeeds. Called "Family CyberEdge," it includes public relations and legal services, as well as at-home assessments of family electronic devices, executives said in an interview.
Wealthy, high-profile individuals have increasingly become hacker targets, said Jerry Hourihan, president of AIG Private Client Group for the United States and Canada. Social media use and online financial information make them vulnerable.
"They are more exposed than they ever have been," Hourihan said in an interview.
AIG's product follows cyber offerings from rivals, along with services from credit-monitoring firms and companies like Reputation.com – a trend that is poised to accelerate as people share more information online, analysts said.
Consumers now share loads of personal data on websites and apps and store photos and sensitive information in cloud platforms.
At the same time, high-profile hacking attacks have drawn global attention to the seriousness of cyber threats. Yahoo Inc (YHOO.O), Target Corp (TGT.N) and the U.S. government have been targets of sophisticated data heists, as have celebrities like Leslie Jones and Jennifer Lawrence, whose nude photos were hacked and leaked.
The U.S. government is poised to undo some privacy protections. Congress last week voted to allow internet service providers like Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N) and AT&T Inc (T.N) to sell consumers' search data.
"Whenever you see a lot of news about something that is a risk, you usually see insurance companies trying to jump on that," said Robert Hunter, director of insurance for the Consumer Federation of America.
AIG's product came after customers asked for protection, Hourihan said. His unit caters to very wealthy individuals and typically insures assets like wine collections and fine art.
Policies cost roughly 10 to 15 percent of a homeowner's premium, Hourihan said. They also cover restoring data and monitoring cyber threats.
Last year, a U.S.-based unit of German insurer Munich Re launched a personal cybersecurity policy that covers expenses like malware removal and online fraud reimbursement, according to its website. Premiums vary, but typically cost less than $100 for $25,000 to $50,000 worth of coverage.
New York-based PURE Insurance launched its cybersecurity product in 2015.
(Reporting by Suzanne Barlyn; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Cynthia Osterman)
UPDATE 1-Western Digital seeks court injunction to block sale of Toshiba chip unit
* Argues sale cannot be made without its consent (Adds comment from Western Digital CEO)
The War Against College Paper Writing Service
The True Meaning of College Paper Writing Service
Since every mission may have a state in specifying the college students grade, it's vital for them to create a top high quality papers. For this reason, you can stay certain your home assignment is going to be performed through a seasoned and well-intentioned author. You can simply need to pick that composing paper homework isn't an asset and perhaps not some thing which you are going to ever do really properly.
Your newspaper ought to be concise and arranged. Our compose my newspaper for me services come at quite reasonable prices which can be designed to guarantee you appreciate for the money. College paper writing services are able to help you pick the perfect topic on the thesis or a fascinating essay theme. In the event you really don't comprehend how to compose a newspaper for faculty, it's not just a matter ahead. In the end, college paper writing assistance has become easily the most essential part of college paper-writing. If you are in need of the trustworthy college paper writing service, then you truly require trust that my newspaper. If you believe you can not make yourself a superior college essay paper on your own, simply request assistance on producing an essay writing.
In the event you really don't comprehend just how exactly to begin with your informative article or at which to hunt for encouraging data, we'll be pleased to help you. For that reason in the event that you may like to Buy Essay Writing services Online in the USA there are a number of advantages connected with it. There really are a lot of informative articles writing solutions given in on the web. This is a thing that a large part of the pupils hate.
For anybody who wants their college papers prepared, it's currently safer to detect the writer for-you as with all our own best faculty paper writing service you find it possible to receive your document supplied by striking freelance article writers. You can find several distinctive kinds of faculty papers. Some faculty newspapers take a good deal of research. Completing school papers require an unbelievable volume of effort and time. Other faculty papers involve powerful argumentation, and the focus ought to be around the belief that college students place in the newspaper compared customer writing to this study included with that.
Your newspaper is going to become delivered punctually. If you would like the very best research paper writing available on the net, you can utilize us entirely. If you opt to obtain research papers in the business, you ought to have a way of communication directly with your own writer. Whenever you get papers online from these kinds of businesses, you're got pre-written and pre-sold functions, or you will obtain an amateur writer free of level inside this subject field. School newspapers you get from these businesses leave you in danger for rates of plagiarism or they'll certainly be poorly written which you've absolutely squandered your money. And so, in the event that you would like to obtain a professionally-written newspaper, don't hesitate we are in order that will help you. You will obtain the highest superior nursing paper writing services in our site.
You, thus, do not need to be concerned about the standard of the language in the newspaper. A paper by an expert writing service will be one of the greatest documents that we could request even if in comparison with the college paper writing assistance they may possibly receive. Therefore, it's planning to be more handy to technique composition assistance experts such circumstance.
In case you might have any questions regarding newspaper composing. Like the internet purchasing, the matter of internet assignment composing help service additionally includes somewhat of doubt. Regardless of what's the aim of one's essay, there exists a predetermined range of things which you're going to be anticipated to manage. The use of the mission http://web.alsde.edu/general/AnnotatedPackets/20082009/Grade10AnnotatedExemplars-2.pdf isn't only to check your understanding but https://papernow.org/example-papers and to work with you to discover the comprehensive Concept S.
The habit made article organization needs to become offered twenty four hours a day daily seven days per week for a consequence of client aid. Our educational creating firm has assisted many students throughout the decades, so that we understand how to meet clients' needs easily. You've already been to additional producing organization and you've not found essay newspapers that quite satisfy your requirements. Most useful professional on-line composition writer business are in your services. Luckily, our assistance could be the ideal solution for newspapers of any variety. Once it gives services cheaply, the customers can get top quality documents compiled by expert essay authors within the area.
The factors behind its students to suffer from composing essays really are a lot of They often wind up getting bad scores because they have an inclination to plagiarize the work of others. Too many college students depart the full method of producing a faculty paper to the prior minute, and professors will detect instantly. Several colleges pack just two decades of content 1 year old.
LONDON Lower tobacco sales and increased investment weighed on half year profit and revenue for Britain's Imperial Brands (IMB.L) although the company said it remained on track to meet annual expectations at constant exchange rates.
The maker of cigarette brands including Gauloises, Winston and Kool has spent 160 million pounds of the 300 million pounds earmarked this year for a plan aimed at improving results in the longer term.
It intends to simplify its cigarette portfolio by migrating smokers from weaker brands to stronger ones, improve distribution and boost marketing. It said early results of the plan were encouraging, and that its most important brands were gaining market share.
Imperial and its rivals are jockeying for position in the market for e-cigarettes as traditional tobacco sales decline in the face of growing health concerns and regulation, such as the law requiring "plain packaging" that has just gone into effect in Britain. France is instituting a similar rule.
Imperial is also testing products that deliver caffeine instead of nicotine.
The company said on Wednesday net revenue in its tobacco business was 3.72 billion pounds, up 9.3 percent in the six months to March 31 and in line with forecasts. However, excluding the impact of exchange rates, revenue fell 5.5 percent.
Total adjusted operating profit was 1.74 billion pounds, up 6.3 percent. Excluding the impact of exchange rates, it was down 7.6 percent.
The amount of tobacco Imperial sold in the half year fell 5.7 percent, due to a slowdown across the industry.
Imperial Chief Executive Alison Cooper told reporters that she didn't expect "a particularly significant domino effect" in terms of different markets adopting plain packaging.
Imperial had gained market share and revenue in Australia, the only market that has had the rule - which bans colours and logos on cigarette packs - for some time.
The company also said its cost-savings plan would result in savings of 130 million pounds this year, ahead of the 90 million pounds it announced in November.
(Reporting by Martinne Geller; Editing by Susan Fenton/Keith Weir)
An Apple logo is seen in a store in Los Angeles, California, U.S., March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
FILE PHOTO: An Apple iPhone 6 with Apple Pay is shown in this photo illustration in Encinitas, California, U.S. June 3, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
SYDNEY Apple Inc on Friday won a victory in its global fight to prevent banks from introducing their own mobile payment services on Apple devices, as an Australian regulator barred lenders from bargaining collectively for access.
The decision by Australia's competition watchdog, the first of its kind, will stop the banks from introducing their own mobile applications on iPhones and Apple Watches that could be used for contactless payments instead of the Apple Wallet.
The banks had hoped to circumvent transaction fees and get customers to engage more frequently with their own apps, potentially unlocking more of Australia's contactless payment market valued at an estimated $84 billion a year.
"It will have global implications," Australian Competition and Consumer Commission Chairman (ACCC) Rod Sims told Reuters after the ruling came down.
"If others need to think it through ... we've at least got something out there which they can kick off from."
A win by four of the largest Australian banks involved in the case, which command two-thirds of the nation's credit card market, would have given them more negotiating power and could have sparked similar appeals to regulators for access to Apple's systems in other jurisdictions around the world.
Apple does not allow any of its 3,500 bank partners in 15 global markets access to the near-field communication (NFC) technology behind its payment system.
The Australian regulator was concerned that giving the banks bargaining power could reduce competition by forcing Apple to act more like Alphabet Inc, whose Google arm owns the more open Android operating system that allows contactless payments from individual apps.
"(Apple and Android) are very different offerings and they have different implications for ease of use, security and customer experience," Sims said.
"It is a tricky issue for a competition regulator to force one competitor to adopt a strategy of the other competitor."
An Apple spokeswoman said it was a great decision for Australians who wanted the "easiest, most secure and private payment experience possible with Apple Pay".
The banks involved - Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA), Westpac Banking Corp, National Australia Bank Ltd (NAB) and Bendigo & Adelaide Bank Ltd - have yet to allow use of their cards with Apple Pay, which was introduced to the country last year.
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd began offering Apple Pay to customers last year after reaching a deal with the U.S. company, while Macquarie Group Ltd and ING Groep NV's ING Direct introduced Apple Pay in February.
ONE AT A TIME
Payments consultant MWE Consulting last year estimated the Australian "tap and go" market at A$110 billion ($84.32 billion) a year and growing, although to date more transactions are with contactless cards than mobile phones.
Lance Blockley, a payments expert representing the four banks involved in the Australian ruling, said they would now review their strategies regarding Apple Pay individually.
"I suspect Apple will want to talk about Apple Pay rather than NFC access," he said, referring to any future negotiations.
A Westpac spokeswoman said the bank remained open to introducing Apple Pay, while CBA and NAB declined to comment and Bendigo and Adelaide Bank could not be reached immediately for comment.
Steve Worthington, a business professor at Melbourne's Swinburne University of Technology, said the four banks that battled Apple might now pay a financial price for doing so in the form of higher fees for using Apple Pay.
"If you were in Apple's shoes what would you do?," he said. "Would you give them the same deal (as the early adopters) or would you punish them by trying to make it more favorable to Apple?"
($1 = 1.3084 Australian dollars)
(Reporting by Jamie Freed, Editing by Stephen Coates)
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
March 29 L.B. Foster Co:
* L.B. Foster Co - on March 23, 2017, David Russo, CFO notified co of his intention to resign and accept a position at another publicly-traded company
* L.B. Foster Co - Russo's resignation is effective April 21, 2017 - SEC filing Source text: (bit.ly/2ogx7AP) Further company coverage:
April 13 Future Bright Holdings Ltd
* Units confirmed its entering into of several bank loan agreements/facility letter with Bank Of China Limited, Macau branch as lender
* As of April 13, controlling shareholder and his associates hold 41.31% of existing issued share capital of company Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
click to enlarge GoFundMe
Christopher Harris hasn't been seen since July 2017.
Sign up for our weekly newsletters to get the latest on the news, things to do and places to eat delivered right to your inbox.
Follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
A DNA match now shows a detached foot found last year in south county belonged to a missing St. Louis man, authorities say.In September 2017, hikers discovered a men's large right shoe with the foot inside as they walked along the edge of the Mississippi River in Bee Tree County Park.St. Louis County police scoured the area from land, air and water, even deploying cadaver dogs. But the foot was all they found. At the time, investigators suspected it might be connected to a missing person case out of the city, but they couldn't confirm.Christoper Harris, 27, was last seen two months before on July 9, 2017. Police officers in north county were responding to reports of a car crash when they discovered a single abandoned vehicle next to the Lewis Bridge, which carries North Highway 67 across the Missouri River near West Alton.The 2005 Crown Victoria belonged to Harris, but there was no sign of him. Harris lived in the Dutchtown neighborhood of south city, so city police opened a missing person case. His family also looked for him. Harris' mother, Felecia Thomas-Macon created a GoFundme campaign in hopes of funding search team. Thomas-Macon told KSDK she also submitted a DNA sample.That sample eventually proved the connection between the foot and her missing son. The rest remains a mystery. Police had previously said the foot was badly deteriorated when it was discovered. In a news release this afternoon, they said it was not "forcibly removed from the leg.""There could be one or more factors here: the passage of time, decomposition, and/or the effects of being in water for a prolonged period," Officer Benjamin Granda wrote in a follow-up email.Where police found Harris' car is above the confluence of the Missouri and Mississippi river. The site of the foot's discovery is about 40 miles down river.What happened to the rest of Harris is unknown. The city considers his disappearance an active missing person case. Thomas-Macon tells KSDK she learned of the DNA match last week. The news filled her with mixed emotions.“I don't know if it's a wrongful death," she tells the station. "I don't know if he was murdered. I don't know the whole details, but I know God have given me something now, and I am grateful for that. I am not going to stop until I get a resolution concerning the missing of my son.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
São Paulo, April 20 Finland's Stora Enso Oyj , Europe's biggest papermaker, may consider expanding in Brazil depending on whether the government eases legal and regulatory uncertainty for pulp and paper producers, a company executive told Valor Econômico newspaper.
In an interview published on Thursday, Juan Carlos Bueno, Stora Enso's executive vice president for biomaterials, told Valor that growing the Veracel Celulose venture hinges on how the government deals with issues like landless peasants' activism or existing limits on foreign land ownership.
Veracel is owned equally by Helsinki-based Stora Enso and Fibria Celulose SA, the world's largest eucalyptus pulp producer. A recent gain in Brazil's currency, the real , has mostly annulled the impact of price hikes that pulp producers implemented in previous months, Bueno told Valor.
Bueno's remarks underscored the importance of Latin America for Stora Enso's strategy to obtain low-cost pulp from tree plantations. Brazil's pulp and paper industry could potentially lure $23 billion in investments by 2020, the Swedish Trade & Investment Council said in a recent presentation.
Those investments could help double Brazil's forestry base, increase existing plants and build new ones. In Brazil, Veracel's average annual pulp production is 1.1 million tonnes.
Press representatives for Stora Enso were not immediately available to confirm Bueno's remarks to Valor. (Reporting by Ana Mano; Editing by Guillermo Parra-Bernal and Frances Kerry)
March 30 Nomad Foods Ltd:
* Quarterly loss per share EUR 0.01
* Nomad Foods Ltd - qtrly revenue was eur 485.2 million versus revenue of eur 475.9 million in same quarter last year
* For three months ended December 31, 2016, loss per share was EUR 0.01 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BUENOS AIRES, April 6 Canadian miner Pan American Silver is "optimistic" that it can negotiate the reopening of its Navidad mine, which was closed by officials in the Argentine province of Chubut, the company's Chairman Ross Beaty said on Thursday.
The project has been on hold since 2013 when it ran afoul of provincial rules banning the use of cyanide in open-pit mining.
Chubut, in Argentina's mineral-rich Patagonia region, is one of seven Argentine provinces that ban both cyanide and open-pit mining on their territory.
"I remain optimistic that we will find a solution that works for the government of Chubut," Beaty told Reuters on the sidelines of a meeting of the World Economic Forum in Buenos Aires.
"I would like to see that they give us the benefit of the doubt, let us proceed and if we have problems, if we really are hurting the water or the air or the people, shut us down, close the mine. If that happens I understand, but it's not going to happen," he added.
Pan American Silver is set to invest $1 billion in the Navidad mine if Chubut authorities give the go-ahead, Beaty added.
"Every year for at least 20 years, the mine will generate about $400 million of revenue, most of which will stay in Argentina," the executive added. (Reporting by Juliana Castilla, writing by Hugh Bronstein, editing by G Crosse)
Demonstrators hold up placards during a Planned Parenthood rally outside the State Capitol in Austin, Texas, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Ilana Panich-Linsman
Former Texas State Senator Wendy Davis speaks during a Planned Parenthood rally outside the State Capitol in Austin, Texas, U.S., April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Ilana Panich-Linsman
Former Texas State Senator Wendy Davis with her granddaughter Ellis Davis-Erdell, 11 months, after a Planned Parenthood rally outside the State Capitol in Austin, Texas, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Ilana Panich-Linsman
Demonstrators hold placards during a Planned Parenthood rally outside the State Capitol in Austin, Texas, U.S., April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Ilana Panich-Linsman
A demonstrator holds up a placard during a Planned Parenthood rally outside the State Capitol in Austin, Texas, U.S., April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Ilana Panich-Linsman
Claire Contreras, 30, reacts as she listens to Former State Senator Wendy Davis speak during a Planned Parenthood rally outside the State Capitol in Austin, Texas, U.S., April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Ilana Panich-Linsman
AUSTIN, Texas Hundreds of abortion rights activists rallied at the Texas Capitol on Wednesday, saying a raft of proposed legislation placing restrictions on the procedure in the most populous Republican-controlled state would endanger millions of women.
Lawmakers in Texas, which vaulted to the forefront of the national abortion debate when the U.S. Supreme Court in 2016 struck down a previous set of the state's restrictions, are looking in the current session to pass bills that include a ban on a common form of second-trimester abortions.
Last month, the Texas Senate also approved a so-called wrongful birth bill. The measure shields doctors from lawsuits if they withhold information about potential fetal abnormalities if they believe the information may prompt the parents to seek an abortion. Supporters say the measure protects the sanctity of life.
Former Texas state Senator Wendy Davis, a Democrat who gained fame for her 2013 filibuster against the state's abortion restrictions, told the rally that social conservatives have been emboldened by the election of Republican Donald Trump as president and "hell-bent" on holding women back.
"Now, we are facing the worst political attacks on women's health in a generation," she said on the Capitol steps in front of supporters holding pink signs reading "Don't take away our care."
Other proposed restrictions include a bill to halt insurance coverage for abortions and make women pay a separate premium if they wanted coverage. The bill won initial approval in the state Senate last month.
Supporters said the measure allows those who oppose abortion to prevent their money from subsidizing the procedure while critics said it would hurt poorer women who could not afford the coverage.
"Texas is one of the most active states in the current legislative session in terms of abortion restrictions," said Elizabeth Nash, senior state issues associate for the Guttmacher Institute, an abortion rights group.
The Texas legislature meets once every two years and with the current session set to finish at the end of May, analysts are unsure how many of the restrictions might be enacted by the Republican-dominated body, where attention is now focused on passing a two-year budget.
Many at the rally were critical of the plans of national and state Republican leaders including calls to defund Planned Parenthood.
A U.S. judge in Austin issued a preliminary injunction in February halting Texas' plan to cut Medicaid funding, saying the state did not present evidence of a program violation that would warrant termination.
(Editing by Matthew Lewis)
JOHANNESBURG, March 31 South African President Jacob Zuma has appointed capable ministers in a reshuffle that has shaken financial markets and drawn sharp criticism from within the party, the ANC's Deputy Secretary-General Jessie Duarte said on Friday.
Duarte told ANN7 television that she was told about the reshuffle by Zuma along with other members of the ANC's "Top Six" but they were not consulted. Duarte said they expressed some concerns to Zuma.
Duarte said the new finance minister Malusi Gigaba was young and experienced and "no fool". (Reporting by Joe Brock)
BRIEF-Shenzhen Kaifa Technology to pay A share annual div for FY 2016 on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.50 yuan(before tax)/10 shares for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
PARIS, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Robert Zolade, top shareholder in French caterer Elior, has reduced his stake via holding BIM to 23.07 percent, BIM said on Friday.
BIM sold a 4.24 percent stake to Fonds Strategique de Participations (FSP) for an undisclosed amount, it said.
It still supports Elior's strategy and CEO Philippe Guillemot, who was appointed in December, BIM said.
Zolande is honorary chairman of Elior and sits on its nine-member board as BIM's representative. Sofibim, another entity controlled by Zolade, also has a board seat.
Following the stake sale, Sofibim will not ask for a renewal of its board seat at the next AGM on March 9, freeing up the seat for an independent board member, it said.
Elior, Europe's third-largest catering group, issued a profit warning in December and named Guillemot as CEO. .
In January it reported a 6.3 percent rise in first quarter revenue and confirmed it guidance for fiscal year 2017/18.
Elior shares were down 1.83 percent at 18.23 euros at 0945 GMT. They are up nearly 8 percent this year.
Today's Lost 30 …
Riley's off to college, fighting on Facebook, and Outside Lands!
Rate and Comment on our Podcast in iTunes!
British over-50s travel and insurance company Saga Plc (SAGAG.L) reported a 5.6 percent increase in full-year pretax profit as Britain's vote to leave the European Union did not dent demand for holidays among Britons over 50 years old.
The company, which offers ocean and river cruises, singles holidays and escorted tours, said its current reservations were 8 percent ahead of last year and that economic confidence amongst its customers remained strong after the referendum vote.
However, Saga said it had begun to see the government's decision to cut the discount rate used by insurers to settle personal injury claims being reflected in premiums across the market and affecting the net rates.
Underlying pretax profit, excluding derivative gains and the impact of the rate change, rose to 187.4 million pounds ($232.2 million) in the year ended Jan. 31, from 177.4 million pounds a year earlier.
"We have started the financial year well, and I look ahead with a great deal of optimism for the business," Chief Executive Officer Lance Batchelor said.
(Reporting by Esha Vaish and Noor Zainab Hussain in Bengaluru; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
March 29 Travelsky Technology Ltd :
* Board recommended distribution of a final cash dividend of RMB0.222 per share for year 2016
* FY profit attributable to equity holders of co was approximately RMB2,421.1 million, representing an increase of approximately 26.5%
* Total revenue amounted to approximately RMB6,223.2 million, an increase of approximately 13.7%
* Estimates that group's planned capital expenditure for 2017 will amount to approximately RMB2,205.0 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ABUJA, April 5 Nigeria's cabinet has approved $1.3 billion of loans from international lenders to fund the newly licensed Development Bank of Nigeria, the finance minister said on Wednesday.
The money is made up of $500 million from the World Bank, $450 million from the African Development Bank, $200 million from German state bank KfW and $130 million from France's state development agency, said Kemi Adeosun, Nigeria's finance minister.
The loan facility is still subject to approval by the National Assembly, she said. (Reporting by Felix Onuah; Writing by Paul Carsten; Editing by Larry King)
April 10 Beijing Science Sun Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to decrease by 5 percent to 25 percent, or to be 44.1 million yuan to 61.8 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (58.9 million yuan)
* Says industry circulation policy as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/vaPVPn
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Curo Group Holdings Corp:
* ANNOUNCES FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR 2017 FINANCIAL RESULTS AND ISSUES 2018 EARNINGS OUTLOOK
* Q4 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.48
* Q4 GAAP EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.16
* Q4 REVENUE ROSE 22 PERCENT TO $267 MILLION
* SEES FY 2018 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $2.25 TO $2.40
* SEES FY 2018 REVENUE $1.025 BILLION TO $1.08 BILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 28 Valero Energy Partners Lp
* Valero Energy Partners LP reports 2017 first quarter results
* Q1 revenue $106 million versus $79 million
* Valero Energy Partners LP - partnership reaffirmed its expectation for 2017 capital expenditures of approximately $49 million
* Qtrly net income per unit $0.72
* Valero Energy- on April 20, board of VLP's general partner declared Q1 2017 cash distribution $0.4275/unit; represents 5.2 pct increase from Q4 of 2016
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.69, revenue view $103.0 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Australian PM mocks Trump over "Russian guy" at media party
MELBOURNE, June 15 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to his ties with Russia, according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event.
(Adds expected deal size and book size)
By Robert Hogg
LONDON, April 12 (IFR) - Saudi Arabia is expected to raise a total of about US$8bn in its debut US dollar sukuk offering, according to a lead.
The sovereign is selling five and 10-year tranches, which are expected to be about US$4bn each. The lead managers have set the spread at 100bp over mid-swaps for the shorter-dated note and plus 140bp for the longer-dated sukuk.
The five-year was initially marketed at plus 115bp area, and guidance was set at plus 105bp area.
Initial price thoughts for the 10-year were at plus 155bp area, and guidance was set at plus 145bp area.
The final order books are in excess of US$33bn, evenly split.
The deal will be priced later today.
Citi, HSBC (B&D) and JP Morgan are global coordinators. They are joined as leads by BNP Paribas, Deutsche Bank and NCB Capital.
The 144A/Reg S deal will be rated A1 by Moody's and A+ by Fitch. (Reporting by Robert Hogg; editing by Sudip Roy)
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) — The Missouri House has dealt with six formal sexual harassment complaints over the past two years, including four that involved lawmakers and that cost more than $22,000 in external legal fees to investigate, according to records obtained by The Associated Press.
That's twice as many complaints as the House received in the nearly two years before it strengthened its sexual harassment policies in November 2015. But it's impossible to know whether alleged sexual harassment instances actually have increased or whether lawmakers and staff simply feel more comfortable reporting allegations.
The records do not contain the names of the lawmakers or the specific reasons why no action was taken against them.
House Speaker Todd Richardson has spearheaded the House's new sexual harassment policies since taking over in May 2015 for Speaker John Diehl Jr., who resigned while admitting to sending sexually suggestive text messages to a college student serving as a House intern.
Advertisement
"My hope is that what you're seeing now is a quicker resolution to the kind of issues that — absent a policy that requires reporting and quick investigation — would have gone unresolved," Richardson said.
The Senate said it had no records of any complaints other than an allegation that Democratic Sen. Paul LeVota had sexually harassed an intern in 2015. Records show that the state spent about $25,500 for private attorneys to investigate the claim against LeVota. He denied the allegation but announced his resignation shortly after the investigative report was publicly released in July 2015.
The Missouri House and Senate both updated their sexual harassment policies before the growth of the #MeToo movement last fall, when numerous women across the country went public with claims of sexual harassment against prominent people in politics, entertainment and the media.
Since then, legislative chambers in a majority of states have revised or are considering changes to their sexual harassment policies, according to an AP review .
The names of the Missouri House members involved in the sexual harassment complaints were kept confidential in the documents provided to the AP under the state's open-records law. But two lawmakers at odds in one of the cases confirmed their involvement to the AP, and both expressed frustration with how it was resolved.
"The policies that are put in place in the House are totally ineffective," Democratic Sen. Maria Chappelle-Nadal said in a tearful interview with the AP. She recalled feeling "like you're a nobody" when her complaint against Democratic Rep. Joshua Peters was quietly dismissed last year.
Chappelle-Nadal had gone public in January 2016 with allegations that Peters had grabbed her in a "forceful embrace" and called her "boo" and a derogatory name. Peters said at the time that the accusations were "completely and categorically false."
The House sexual harassment policy requires complaints involving lawmakers to be investigated by private attorneys who submit their findings to the House Ethics Committee, a panel of five Republicans and five Democratic representatives. Complaints involving staff are handled internally.
Records of a closed-session February 2016 meeting show the House Ethics Committee voted to dismiss a complaint on the condition of the lawmaker in question meeting with the chair and vice chair and being "warned that any further complaints of inappropriate language or behavior will be dealt with more severely."
Peters told the AP that he was the lawmaker admonished to behave and he acknowledged that he had cursed at Chappelle-Nadal. But he expressed frustration that he never received anything in writing declaring that he had been cleared of the sexual harassment allegation.
"There needs to be transparency in these particular situations when it comes to the final results," Peters said.
Richardson told the AP that providing written resolutions of cases to the parties involved is a suggestion worth considering. But he was reluctant to publicly release documents about the investigations.
The House policy is designed "to make sure that we're protecting the privacy and the confidentiality of both the person making the complaint and the accused," he said.
Invoices show that the House also hired outside lawyers to investigate two sexual harassment complaints in early 2016 and one additional complaint in early 2017 while the Legislature was in session.
Minutes show that the House Ethics Committee met in a closed session in March 2016 but do not indicate how any complaints were resolved. Records show that the committee dismissed a compliant in March 2017. Another harassment complaint was dismissed Jan. 4, though the lack of invoices for private attorneys suggests that particular complaint may not have been of a sexual nature.
Some of the sexual harassment complaints involving lawmakers have been investigated by the St. Louis law firm McMahon Berger, which the House also hired to lead sexual harassment training sessions. All House members and staff were required to participate in a 90-minute session in January that discussed specific examples of potentially inappropriate behavior, including sexual jokes, hugs or comments about personal photos on social media.
The Missouri Senate only requires training once when people start their jobs.
___
Follow David A. Lieb at: http://twitter.com/DavidALieb
GUAM (Reuters) - Fourteen minutes is not long to prepare for a potential catastrophe.
That's the estimated time taken from a launch of a mid-range ballistic missile in North Korea until impact on Guam, where residents seem resigned to the belief that their fate is out of their control.
The local government of this tiny U.S. Pacific island issued preparation guidance to its 163,000 people on Friday on how best to hide and deal with radiation after threats by Pyongyang to strike Guam, or test its missiles in its surrounding waters.
But islanders don't seem in a hurry to get ready.
Mike Benavente, 37, who maintains air conditioners, said he saw the advisory on Facebook, but preferred family time at a beach barbecue to stocking up on supplies and thinking about suitable shelter options.
"Preparation for attack? I'm doing it!" he said, pointing to a grill he was readying for burgers and hot dogs. "If we have a big missile coming here, everyone's gonna die. How can I prepare for a missile?"
In a guidance note titled "Preparing for an Imminent Missile Threat", Guam Homeland Security advised seeking out in advance windowless shelters in homes, schools and offices, with concrete "dense enough to absorb radiation".
It said if an attack warning came, residents should seek shelter and stay there for at least 24 hours. Those caught outside should lay down, cover their heads and "not look at the flash or fireball" to avoid going blind.
Plush hotels along Guam's Tumon beach didn't seem in a rush to prepare either. Staff at several hotels and resorts said they knew guidelines had been issued but already had procedures in place for emergencies.
"We have an evacuation plan for typhoon, tsunami, terrorism, but we don't have anything for a North Korean missile attack," said a supervisor at one resort, who asked that neither he nor his hotel be identified because he wasn't authorised to speak to the media.
A manager at a hotel nearby had a printed copy of the guidelines, but said there was no instruction yet to distribute it to guests.
Children ride in a shopping cart, as residents shop for food supplies, at a grocery store in Dededo, Guam, a U.S. Pacific Territory, August 12, 2017. Erik De Castro
TIME LIMITED
North Korea on Thursday said plans would be completed by mid-August to fire four intermediate-range missiles to land near Guam, some 3,500 kilometres (2,175 miles) away, after U.S. President Donald Trump said any threat would be "met with fire and fury like the world has never seen."
Guam, an island half the size of Hong Kong and some 7,000 km from the U.S. mainland, is a target because of its naval base and air force base, from which two B-1B supersonic bombers were deployed close to the Korean peninsula on Tuesday.
It is also a permanent home to a Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) interceptor.
Local authorities have been reassuring residents and tourists that a "strategic defence umbrella" across the Western Pacific can counter any missile attacks, and the chance of a successful North Korean strike on Guam was minimal.
"Our confidence is it's point zero zero, zero zero, zero - that's five zeros - and a one," the governor's homeland security advisor, George Charfauros, said on Friday.
"The threat level has not changed. It's business as usual."
That was the case on Saturday in Guam's malls and along its pristine beaches, where children played in the turquoise sea as parents drank beer and prepared picnics.
"I haven't really thought about preparation. We really don't know what to do if there's a missile attack," said Marlene, 37, an accountant.
"We get just 14 minutes. The military says they'll be ready, so we're banking on them."
Auto parts seller Mitch Aguon, 51, spent his day off fishing and said preparation was pointless.
"By the time we hear about it, it'll be too late and there's no room for us ordinary Joes in the bomb shelters. We're dead meat," he said.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
May 2 Home Invest Belgium SA:
* Q1 net rental result EUR 5.4 million ($5.89 million) versus EUR 4.5 million year ago
* Q1 net profit EUR 2.4 million versus loss of EUR 1.0 million year ago
* NAV at March 31 EUR 65.51 versus EUR 65.19 at Dec 31
* Fair value of the investment properties amounts to EUR 416.2 million on 31 March 2017 and up by 1.8 pct in comparison with the situation on 31 Dec 2016
* Occupancy rate of buildings in operation amounts to 89.9% in Q1, level that comes close to that for FY 2016 (90.18 pct)
* Confirms its confidence in the increase of the net result of core activities of the company for 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9169 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
From the 1st of November, Triumph fans will be able to take a deep-dive into the brand's history at a shiny new Factory Visitor Experience at Triumph HQ in Hinckley, UK.
Triumph is one of those legendary motorcycle brands with a long and storied history. 115 years worth of it, in fact. The brand also has a legion of followers around the world who are interested in its heritage. Triumph have created this Factory Visitor Experience in order to help these enthusiasts chart the progress of the brand through its long and fascinating existence.
The Experience includes various exhibits that deal with Triumph's design evolutions, engineering prowess, and manufacturing set up. The exhibit also includes a section dedicated to Triumph bikes that made appearances in famous films. This includes the likes of that iconic Bonneville that king of cool Steve McQueen used in The Great Escape, and the Speed Triple Tom Cruise was seen gunning around on in action flick Mission Impossible 2. Other examples of seminal Triumph rides that can be found at the Visitors Centre includes the first ever Triumph No1, built in 1902, and prototype race engine that will be used in the Moto2 from 2019 onwards.
Speaking at the event, Paul Stroud, Chief Commercial Officer, Triumph Motorcycles, said, “We are very proud and excited to be able to invite Triumph and motorcycling fans from around the world to come and experience our brand first-hand, here at the factory where every Triumph starts its life. With so many important and rare bikes on display, the Visitor Experience will be a must for motorcycle and movie fans alike, but also an opportunity to help us celebrate our proud heritage and our passion for building great motorcycles. We hope this will reward and inspire every fan of the brand, and ignite a love for Triumph in a whole new generation.''
Vimal Sumbly, Managing Director, Triumph Motorcycles India, added, “The visitor centre is an amazing platform for the brand to showcase the all-round advancements of Triumph motorcycles. The treatment of the art of motorcycle-making is at the heart of this visitor centre, a characteristic that will make it a must-see on every motorcycle enthusiast's bucket list. As India has gradually proven to be a key market for the brand, it is indeed a prestigious moment for us and I congratulate the team for the superb execution of the project and hope that we keep adding to this amazing journey as we go along.”
You can enter the Visitors Centre and have a look around for free, or book a 90-minute factory tour at £15 (Rs 1300 approx) per person.
U.S. lawmaker Scalise in critical condition after attack by gunman at baseball field
ALEXANDRIA, Va. Congressman Steve Scalise, the No. 3 Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives, was in critical condition on Wednesday night after he and three others were shot as they practiced for a charity baseball game.
BERLIN German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen on Tuesday cancelled a trip to the United States and summoned top military officials to discuss a spate of army scandals after the arrest of an officer suspected of planning a racially motivated attack.
Von der Leyen, who has blasted "weak leadership" across the military, told her top 100 generals and admirals to come to Berlin on Thursday to discuss the latest case involving a first lieutenant and several sexual assault and harassment scandals.
"We have to ask systematically how someone with such clear right-wing extremist views, who writes a master's paper with clearly nationalistic ideas ... could continue to pursue a career in the Bundeswehr," von der Leyen told reporters.
She said it was important to address the "burning questions" of "where leadership and accountability have failed ... and why" but warned that the process could take weeks and months.
Germany's chief federal prosecutor's office on Tuesday took over the case of the 28-year-old lieutenant and a 25-year-old student from state prosecutors, citing "preliminary indications of preparations for a serious attack against the state".
A spokesman told Reuters TV that investigators were examining materials seized during searches last week to determine if other people were also involved.
Von der Leyen, a member of Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives who is often named as a possible Merkel successor, had been due to meet with U.N. officials and U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis in New York and Washington this week.
Von der Leyen said she would travel to Illkirch, the French town south of Strasbourg where the officer was stationed with a German army brigade, on Wednesday for an update on the probe.
Some politicians pushed back against the minister's sweeping criticism of the military for which she is responsible.
"She cannot and should not .... claim the position of a neutral observer," Lorenz Caffier, a fellow conservative, interior minister of the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern and a reserve officer, told the RND newspaper chain.
Henning Otte, a conservative lawmaker and head of the parliamentary defence committee, told Reuters the military had "no fundamental problem with radicalism or abuses".
However, Germany's MAD military intelligence agency reported last month that there had been 275 suspected case of right-wing extremists in the military's ranks, including some dating back to 2011 and 53 cases first identified this year.
Von der Leyen emphasised that it was a minority of leaders who had failed to punish bad behaviour in the recent cases, but that most military officers took their responsibilities seriously.
Still, she said, "if I look at the patterns, then I think I should have dug deeper earlier."
XENOPHOBIC VIEWS
German police last week arrested the first lieutenant, who had falsely registered as a Syrian refugee in January 2016, and also detained a 24-year-old student who was found to possess explosives. Prosecutors said that both men harboured "xenophobic views".
Tagesspiegel newspaper said the soldier, identified by prosecutors only as Franco A., had a list of five possible targets for attacks, including former German President Joachim Gauck and Justice Minister Heiko Maas.
Von der Leyen said investigators were looking at the environment in Illkirch, citing evidence found of Nazi swastikas and photographs of Nazi-era soldiers. The Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper also reported late on Tuesday what it called "indications of the possible theft or loss of munitions."
The federal prosecutor's office had no immediate comment on either report.
The bizarre case surfaced days after von der Leyen fired another top officer who had overseen the military's training command, in the wake of a sexual hazing and harassment scandal at a training base.
(Reporting by Andrea Shalal, Sabine Siebold, Thorsten Severin, Hans-Edzard Busemann and Reuters TV; Editing by Madeline Chambers and Mark Trevelyan)
April 5 Svenska Cellulosa SCA AB
* SCA AGM approves proposal to split the Group into two listed companies
* SCA to become two listed companies: the forest products company SCA and the hygiene and health company Essity Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Stockholm Newsroom)
March 29Yangzhou Yangjie Electronic Technology Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 20 percent to 40 percent, or to be 47.5 million yuan to 55.4 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (39.6 million yuan)
* Says increased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/CHYr9F
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
SHANGHAI, April 5 Chinese home-sharing platform Xiaozhu is in talks with its U.S. counterpart Airbnb to cooperate on data and resources in overseas markets such as Japan and South Korea, the China Daily newspaper reported.
Xiaozhu's chief executive Chen Chi told the newspaper in an interview published on Wednesday that the partnership was also likely to cover China, but talks were in early stages.
"Different from the car-hailing sector, where Chinese player Didi Chuxing competed fiercely against its U.S. rival Uber Technologies Inc. We are more willing to cooperate with each other to grow the industry," Chen said, referring to the ride-hailing apps which eventually merged in China.
However, he denied media reports that Airbnb was in talks to buy Xiaozhu.
"We want to operate independently. After all, the Chinese market is so huge and we want to get deeply involved in the industry and come up with new innovations," he said.
Airbnb, which was valued at $30 billion in a round of fundraising in 2016, said last month it would triple its China staff and launch a new Chinese name in a bid to put more focus on the country, where it has about 80,000 homes listed.
Xiaozhu, which is often described as the U.S. company's Chinese clone, has about 150,000 listings and raised $65 million in its latest fundraising drive in November, the China Daily said.
(Reporting by Brenda Goh; Editing by Richard Pullin)
March 30 Beijing BDstar Navigation Co Ltd :
* Sees to swing to net profit at 0 million yuan to 5 million yuan in FY 2017 Q1 versus net loss at 11.3 million yuan in FY 2016 Q1
* Says increased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/pMlNUi
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
May 3 Golden Ocean Group Ltd
* Delivery of dry bulk vessel
* Has entered into agreements to acquire 16 modern dry bulk vessels in an all-share transaction
* Golden Ocean has issued 1.7 mln consideration shares to Quintana Shipping ltd and associated companies in exchange for vessel
* Company will issue in aggregate 17.8 mln consideration shares in deal Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
(Reuters) - Leicester City are well aware of the threat Swansea City pose in Saturday's Premier League clash following their wins over Liverpool and Arsenal in their last two games, defender Ben Chilwell said.
The relegation-threatened Welsh club climbed to 19th in the league after a 3-1 victory over sixth-placed Arsenal in midweek. The result at the Liberty stadium followed another home win over the in-form Liverpool last week.
“Swansea won their last two matches against good opposition so we know the threats they cause and we know they're probably really confident at the moment,” Chilwell told the club's website (www.lcfc.com).
“They're still low in the table and they're struggling to stay in the league, so they'll be hungry for that win again to keep their good run of form so they're on the up.”
Swansea struggled for consistency in the first half of the season and sacked manager Paul Clement in December after a poor run of results. His replacement Carlos Carvalhal appears to have lifted the gloom at the club.
They have won consecutive league games for the first time this season and have collected 10 points from a possible 15 since Carvalhal took charge in December.
“It'll be good for them and their confidence going into the match after two wins. They'll definitely go into the game thinking they can get three points,” Chilwell said.
Leicester have also seen an upswing in their fortunes since Frenchman Claude Puel took over from Craig Shakespeare in October. However, the eighth-placed team come into the game on the back of a 2-1 defeat by Everton.
“But we think we can get three points as well, especially at home. We're confident we can beat them,” Chilwell added.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
(Adds reaction from bondholders)
By Francesco Canepa
FRANKFURT, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Spain's Banco Popular could have been worth more than a billion euros when it was sold to larger rival Santander for just one euro in June, the independent valuation used by authorities to inform the sale showed on Friday.
Saddled with bad debt and facing a run on its deposits, Popular became the first bank to be wound down using new European rules aimed at avoiding bailouts by taxpayers.
But its sale for a nominal one euro, orchestrated by the European Union's Single Resolution Board (SRB), was contested by investors who lost 850 million euros ($1.1 billion) as a result and demand compensation.
In a confidential report sent to the SRB at the time and published on Friday, consultancy firm Deloitte valued Popular's equity at 1.3 billion euros in its most optimistic scenario, or “best case”.
The publication of Deloitte's report, in which Popular is referred to using to code-name Hippocrates, marks a victory for investors who had been asking for more information about the SRB's decision.
In its “worst case” and base estimates, which were made public by authorities after the sale, Deloitte put Popular's value several billion euros less than zero.
Deloitte's report cautioned its estimates were “highly uncertain” because they were put together in just 12 days and with patchy information, adding the real value of the bank was best determined through an open and competitive sale process.
“The best offer received following such a sale process is likely to be the best and most reliable indication of the value of the bank,” the firm's consultants, whose name was redacted, said in the report dated June 6, a day before Popular's sale.
Some key information, such as Deloitte's estimate of how much money creditors could have recouped if the bank had been put into insolvency rather than sold, was blanked out in the document published by the SRB on Friday.
Law firm Quinn Emanuel, which represents a group of bondholders whose assets were wiped out in the process, criticised the speed the report was put together and the limited access the SRB had to critical information.
“It is now obvious why the SRB didn't want to disclose this report as it clearly shows the absence of any real analysis and proper valuation,” lead partner Richard East said in a statement.
European Union rules state that creditors should not be left worse off after a bank is wound down using new “bail-in” arrangements than they would be if the firm had simply gone into insolvency.
The consultants highlighted some missing data and incorrect property valuations.
“Most of the inconsistencies identified are due to the inadequate consideration of the ECO rules,” Deloitte said, referring to Spanish regulations on the valuation of real estate assets.
The Spanish High Court is investigating the role of former Popular chairmen Angel Ron and Emilio Saracho in Popular's collapse following complaints by shareholders. The former directors have denied any wrongdoing.
The court is looking at allegations of false financial statements, investor fraud, market manipulation, and possible insider trading at Popular, according to Quinn Emanuel.
Launched in 2014 to end an era of bank bailouts, the SRB came under fire last year for deciding not to intervene in two failing Italian banks, weeks after forcing losses on Popular investors.
Once again, the Music Academy of the West week starts with a flourish, with two events of great interest.
At 8 p.m. Monday in Hahn Hall, composer Matthias Pintscher will lead members of the Academy Festival Orchestra with select Academy Vocal Fellows, in a concert that will include the West Coast premiere of Pintscher's bereshit, Maurice Ravel's Le tombeau de Couperin and Igor Stravinsky's Pulcinella, a ballet based on melodies derived from six trio sonatas that may — or may not — have been composed by Giovanni Battista Pergolesi.
Tickets to Monday evening's event are $40.
At 8 p.m. Tuesday, the second in the series of faculty chamber concerts (“Tuesdays at Eight”) will take the stage in Hahn Hall with a program consisting of two works featuring the outstanding quintet of faculty winds (Timothy Day on flute, Cynthia Koledo de Almeida on oboe, Richie Hawley on clarinet, Dennis Michel on bassoon and Julie Landsman on horn) performing Bohuslav Martinů‘s Nonet No. 2 for Wind Quintet, String Trio, and Double Bass, H. 374 (1959) (also featureing Kathleen Winkler on violin, a String Fellow on viola, Alan Stepansky on cello and Nico Abondolo on bass) and Franz Danzi's Wind Quintet In Bb-Major, Opus 56 No 1.
We will also hear the Sonata No. 1 in E-Minor for Cello and Piano, Opus 38 (Alan Stepansky on cello and Jonathan Feldman on piano) and Claude Debussy's Sonata in G-Minor for Violin and Piano, 1917 (Glenn Dicterow on violin and Warren Jones on piano).
Tickets to Tuesday evening's event are $40.
I assume that the Vocal Fellows will participate in the Pintscher — the title, pronounced very carefully, is the first word of the Torah, and means as you would expect, “In the beginning ...” — since neither the Ravel nor the Stravinsky pieces have singing in them. Stravinsky took a certain amount of heat for using borrowed tunes in Pulcinella and The Fairy's Kiss, but not only, in both cases, did he rescue obscure melodies from oblivion, he also transformed them into great music. In the case of The Fairy's Kiss, the composer told Robert Craft, “Listening to a concert of the saccharine source material for that work the other day, I almost succumbed to diabetes.”
The academy is to be congratulated for its continuing support of the Czech master, Martinů, generally managing to slip one or more of his works into every festival. Martinů has his eccentricities — he spent a good deal of time in France, after all — but his music is never jarring or offensive and is often quite breathtakingly lovely.
Reserved seats to either of these events can be purchased by phone at 805.969.8787 or online by clicking here.
— Gerald Carpenter covers the arts as a Noozhawk contributing writer. He can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . The opinions expressed are his own.
March 31 Himachal Futuristic Communications Ltd :
* Says acquired 10,856 equity shares of Polixel Security Systems Private Limited
* Says Polixel has become the wholly owned subsidiary of the company Source text: bit.ly/2oGjPwX Further company coverage:
A demonstrator holds up a banner saying ''Veto'' during a rally against a new law passed by Hungarian parliament which could force the Soros-founded Central European University out of Hungary, in Budapest, Hungary, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
STRASBOURG/BUDAPEST A group representing a majority of European Union lawmakers said on Wednesday they wanted the European Parliament to start disciplinary proceedings against Hungary after a crackdown on foreign universities pushed by Prime Minister Viktor Orban.
Hungary's parliament approved a law on Tuesday that could force out a university founded by financier George Soros - the Central European University (CEU) - despite international condemnation and protests by thousands of Hungarians.
Also on Wednesday, Orban's Fidesz party said it would present a bill to parliament this week that requires non-governmental organisations (NGOs) with a yearly foreign income of 7.2 million forints ($25,000) to register with authorities.
"Support from unknown foreign sources could allow foreign interest groups to pursue their own interests via the influence of these (NGOs) in Hungary ... which threatens the country's political and economic interests," the bill says.
NGOs, many of whom receive grants from Soros' Open Society Foundation, often speak up on behalf of migrants, clashing with the view expressed by Orban and other eastern European leaders that migration is an existential threat.
"Like Fidesz crossed a red line yesterday with the CEU bill so they did again with the NGO's," Akos Hadhazy, a lawmaker from the opposition green-liberal LMP party, told Reuters. "Sadly the red lines are so many they look like a red carpet by now."
"This is a dirty little law," Hadhazy said. "All it does is mark the government's least favourite NGOs with a yellow star," he said, referring to Jews being required to wear stars on their clothes under the Nazi regime.
The Hungarian Civil Liberties Union said the law was "unnecessary" from a legislative perspective.
However, Fidesz has a parliamentary majority and can pass laws on its own.
In Strasbourg, European lawmakers (MEPs) from all leftist groupings, liberals and some from the conservative European People's Party (EPP), the largest grouping in the parliament, said they wanted action taken against Hungary.
DISCIPLINE
A disciplinary procedure can mean suspension of an EU state's voting rights, but such an action has never been taken.
The start of a procedure would also require two-thirds of the chamber to support the start of such a procedure, a threshold that would not be reached if enough of the EPP does not back the measure.
Orban's Fidesz party is a member of the EPP, which has so far opposed taking action against Hungary. An official from the group said that it was too early to consider such a move.
The EU Commission or the European Council could also start a disciplinary procedure but have been reluctant to do so as it could fuel anti-EU feelings at a time when the EU is grappling with Britain's departure and rising euroscepticism.
On Wednesday, the Commission said it was studying the new Hungarian law on university funding and that it would discuss it in a meeting of commissioners next week.
The Polish government has been rebuked on several occasions by Brussels for reforms of the judiciary, but the Commission has so far fallen short of starting a disciplinary procedure, and resorted instead to monitoring Polish reforms.
The conservative MEPs who support starting the procedure against Hungary are from Poland's Civic Platform party, the same as EU summits chair Donald Tusk, who strongly oppose the Law and Justice (PiS) party which is in power in Poland.
(Additional reporting by Krizstina Than in Budapest, Philip Blenkinsop in Brussels and Madeline Chambers in Berlin; Editing by Louise Ireland)
May 3 James River Group Holdings Ltd:
* James River Group Holdings Ltd announces first quarter results
* Q1 adjusted operating earnings per share $0.58
* Q1 earnings per share $0.61
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.55 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* James River Group Holdings - tangible equity value after dividends up 3.2% in q1 2017 from $472.5 million at Dec. 31, 2016 to $487.6 million at March 31, 2017
* Says board of directors declared a cash dividend of $0.30 per common share, same amount as prior quarter
* Qtrly net written premiums $157.9 million versus $106.9 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON Britain is in discussions with international partners on how it can put more pressure on the Syrian government and its supporters, including Russia, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesman said on Monday.
The comments come as foreign ministers from the Group of Seven major industrialised nations met on Monday for an annual gathering which is expected to be dominated by questions over U.S. and Russian involvement in Syria after a poison gas attack which killed more than 70 people last week.
Asked about the possibility of additional sanctions on Russia, the spokesman said: "We are in discussions with our key partners on how we can bring further pressure to bear on the regime and those who are backing it, which includes the Russians."
He also said that May spoke with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Sunday evening to discuss the situation in Syria, and the pair agreed on the need to build support for a political solution to end the conflict.
(Reporting by Kylie MacLellan, writing by William James; editing by Stephen Addison)
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
Bosasso A military vehicle hit a roadside bomb in Somalia's semi autonomous Puntland region on Sunday, killing at least six soldiers and injuring another eight, a military official told Reuters.
The al Qaeda linked Islamist group al Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack, which happened on the outskirts of the region's port city of Bosasso.
Al Shabaab is fighting to topple the Horn of Africa country's western backed government and wants to rule the country according to its strict version of Islamic sharia law.
It also wants to drive out of Somalia Africa Union peace keeping force AMISOM that helps defend the country's central government.
Mohamed Ibrahim, a major in Puntland's military, told Reuters the vehicle, a pickup truck, was from Galgala hills, about 40 kilometres southwest of Bosasso.
"Our military pickup hit a roadside bomb today, six soldiers died, eight others were injured," Ibrahim said, adding two of the injured were in a serious condition.
Sheikh Abdiasis Abu Musab, al Shabaab's military operations spokesman, told Reuters the group had carried out the attack and that some troops had died while others were injured.
"We are behind the attack," he said.
Al Shabaab once controlled much of Somalia but in 2011 it was driven out of the capital Mogadishu and has since lost most other former strongholds.
But its fighters remain a formidable threat and constantly carry out bombings against both military and civilian targets in Mogadishu and elsewhere.
Officially called the Puntland State of Somalia, the region in northeastern Somalia declared autonomy 1998. However it does not seek independence.
(Reporting by Abdiqani Hassan and Feisal Omar; Writing by Elias Biryabarema; editing by Clelia Oziel)
* Reserves at biggest Kurdish field shrink to just a tenth
* Withdraws production target, market worried about debt
* Departing chairman Hayward struggles to rescue firm (Adds quotes, analysts, details)
By Esha Vaish and Dmitry Zhdannikov
March 28 Genel Energy's market value collapsed to an all-time low on Tuesday after it said for a second time that its flagship oilfield contains less crude than expected, dealing another blow to chairman Tony Hayward to rescue the indebted Kurdish producer.
Since listing in 2011 and claiming to be the largest independent UK listed firm by reserves, Genel has been hit by a string of unsuccessful exploration campaigns in Africa and reserves at its largest Iraqi Kurdistan field shrinking to just a tenth.
Investors who bought into Genel at 11 pounds ($13.8) a share in early 2014 were left with 60 pence on Tuesday as reserve cuts, an oil price collapse and Iraq's fight against Islamic State hammered the stock.
By comparison, investors who bought into Shell or BP, where Hayward was CEO until 2010, saw the value of their shares declining by only 10 percent over the same period.
Analysts from UBS said that even though they had expected another reserve downgrade at its Taq Taq field after repeated warnings about difficult geology, the cut was worse than anticipated.
"With net debt of $240 million at the end of 2016 and $675 million of bonds maturing in early 2019 continued Taq Taq declines increase the balance sheet risk," UBS's analysts Joseph Head and Jon Rigby said in a note.
Hayward, who drew heavy criticism over his handling of the BP's Deepwater Horizon blowout and by stating "I want my life back", departed from BP in 2010 and bought into Genel, then a private company, in 2011 together with financier Nat Rothschild.
Their goal was to develop assets in Kurdistan and Africa at a time when oil prices stood above $100 per barrel.
But its searches for oil in Malta, Angola and Morocco ended with little success and a writedown of $480 million.
That left its main investments in Kurdistan, where it has a 44 percent stake in Taq Taq. China's Petroleum & Chemical Corp holds 36 percent and Kurdistan the rest.
Hayward, who plans to step down later this year as chairman of Genel and who also serves as non-executive chairman of miner Glencore, owns 0.5 percent of Genel.
Rothschild owns 8 percent. The biggest shareholder is Dublin-based fund Davy with 23 percent, followed by Turkish energy group Bilgin Grup with 15 percent. Morgan Stanley, Fidelity and Capital Group are smaller stakeholders, according to Thomson Reuters data.
NO PRODUCTION TARGET
On Tuesday, Genel slashed its reserves estimate for Taq Taq, its largest operational field, by about 66 percent and suspended its 2017 gross average production forecast for the field.
Genel shares fell as much as 25.3 percent to 54.5 pence, its lowest ever level, from 1,140 pence at the start of 2014.
Genel said reserves now stood at 59 million barrels of oil, down from the 172 million in 2015 and 683 million in 2011, adding that it will book a $181 million impairment in 2016.
The company again blamed difficult geology for shrinking reserves. Last year, Genel reported its biggest-ever annual loss, after writing off $1 billion because of the reserve downgrade.
Production at Taq Taq continues to decline, with the field now producing about 19,000 barrels of oil per day, down from about 36,000 barrels of oil per day at the end of 2016 and initial expectations of as much as 80,000 bpd.
"Recently, key producing wells have exhibited high rates of decline as a result of water breakthrough, exacerbating the decline rate across the field," the company said. ($1 = 0.7956 pounds) (Reporting by Esha Vaish and Justin George Varghese in Bengaluru and Dmitry Zhdannikov in London; editing by Louise Heavens)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Zhengzhou Yutong Bus Co Ltd:
* SAYS IT SOLD 4,272 BUSES IN JAN, UP 10.25 PERCENT Y/Y Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2GDsDgS Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
European Union High Representative for Foreign Affairs Federica Mogherini delivers her speech during the 53rd Munich Security Conference in Munich, Germany, February 18, 2017. REUTERS/Michaela Rehle
BRUSSELS The European Union's top diplomat said on Friday the effect of Brexit on the bloc's joint defense and security operations would be minimal, following a veiled threat from London that it could curb such ties with the alliance if divorce talks turn sour.
Britain, which formally launched the process of leaving the EU on Wednesday, wants simultaneous talks on Brexit and future ties with the EU's remaining 27 states, especially on trade.
EU states and authorities in Brussels are much cooler toward that idea, seeing a future trade deal with Britain as a strong bargaining chip.
Britain, a leading European military power, has suggested it could use its strong standing on military and defense in the same way - prompting warnings from EU officials.
Triggering the Brexit process, Prime Minister Theresa May said in a letter to the EU said "our cooperation in the fight against crime and terrorism would be weakened" if Britain left without a new deal on trade and other matters.
Federica Mogherini, arriving in Brussels for a meeting of NATO foreign ministers, said Britain was providing 3 percent of the EU's foreign civilian missions and 5 percent of the military ones.
"It's a valued contribution but for sure a contribution without which the European Union defense and security can continue perfectly well," she told journalists. "So the leverage in that respect would be really minimal on their side."
Cooperation would in any case continue, she said.
"I wish we could and we will establish a good and solid security and defense cooperation also after Brexit. For sure the European Union and Britain will continue to cooperate in this field, also through our cooperation with NATO."
Other than France, Britain is the only EU state that has the capacity to run large-scale foreign military operations on its own.
Britain's intelligence service is also powerful, not least through its "Five Eyes" pact with the United States, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
On Friday, the EU of 27 proposed Britain would just have to show "sufficient progress" on its divorce settlement in a first phase of Brexit negotiations to have the bloc agree to open trade talks.
(Additional reporting by Hortense de Roffignac; editing by John Stonestreet)
* French election graphic tmsnrt.rs/2jLwO20
By Vikram Subhedar
LONDON, April 20 World stocks eked out small gains on Thursday as investors resisted risky bets ahead of the first round of the French presidential election over the weekend.
Oil prices, which fell sharply on Wednesday on supply news, regained some of their losses.
In general, markets cautiously stuck to well-worn trading ranges buffeted by concern over political risks and continued tensions over North Korea.
Europe's STOXX 600 rose 0.1 percent bolstered by strong sales reported by consumer sector bellwether Unilever . The FTSE 100, which has slid into negative territory for the year, was little changed.
In Asian hours, Japanese stocks failed to hold on to slim gains and closed flat on the day.
MSCI's world stock index was up 0.13 percent.
"Given the binary risk of the French presidential elections and geopolitical concerns over North Korea, investors are staying on the sidelines," said Fan Cheuk Wan, head of investment strategy and advisory, Asia, at HSBC Private Banking.
A run of disappointing U.S. economic data and questions about whether the Trump administration can push through tax cuts have dented some of the enthusiasm for risky assets in recent weeks.
A sharp dip to three-week lows in oil prices overnight was the latest sign of an unkind in the global reflation trade. Crude oil clawed back some of the loss but concerns about a supply glut capped the rebound.
"Rising U.S. oil inventory data is now starting to impact the market's aggressive long position in crude," said analysts at Morgan Stanley in a note to clients.
Brent crude futures were up 0.5 percent to $53.22 a barrel after sliding more than 3 percent in the previous session. U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures were up 0.4 percent.
In currency markets, the euro rose 0.4 percent to a three-week high of $1.0748 against the dollar. The greenback was 0.2 percent weaker against a basket of major currencies.
Centrist Emmanuel Macron held on to his lead as favourite to emerge as the eventual victor in the French presidential election, a closely watched poll showed, although it indicated that the outcome of the first round of voting on Sunday was too close to call.
Millions of French voters remain undecided, making this the least predictable vote in France in decades, and raising fears of a potential surprise result that could spread turmoil in markets.
France's borrowing costs nudged down on Thursday before a bond auction that is likely to be watched more closely than usual, coming just ahead of Sunday's presidential election.
French bonds have come under heavy selling pressure this year as an unpredictable election race unfolded, with strong support for far-right candidate Marine Le Pen and the far-left's Jean-Luc Melenchon, both anti-euro, alarming investors.
Most other euro zone bond yields were little changed on the day.
(Additional reporting by Saikat Chatterjee in HONG KONG Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
March 29 Southern Co:
* Southern co -Georgia Power, for itself and as agent for other vogtle owners, entered interim assessment agreement with wectec global and wectec staffing services
* Southern co says interim assessment agreement to provide for a continuation of work with respect to plant vogtle units 3 and 4
* Southern co -westinghouse and wectec bankruptcy filing is expected to have a material impact on construction of plant vogtle units 3 and 4
* Southern co says westinghouse and wectec bankruptcy filing could have a material impact on southern co's financial statements Source text (bit.ly/2oizgMI) Further company coverage:
Mar 19, 2017; Orlando, FL, USA; Rory McIlroy hits his tee shot on the first hole during the final round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational golf tournament at Bay Hill Club & Lodge . Mandatory Credit: Reinhold Matay-USA TODAY Sports
LONDON World number two Rory McIlroy has signed a long-term extension to his contract with Nike ahead of this week's U.S. Masters at Augusta National.
"Looking forward to the next 10+ years as a @nike athlete," the Northern Irishman said on his verified Twitter account.
The world's biggest sportswear maker said last August that it would stop selling golf equipment -- including clubs, golf balls and bags -- to focus on footwear, apparel with the familiar swoosh logo and partnering more golfers.
The company, which built its golf business on the success of Tiger Woods, gave no details about the deal in a separate statement.
"I've loved this company since I was a kid," it quoted McIlroy as saying. "I'm really happy to continue this journey with Nike."
British media estimated, however, that the new deal could be worth $100 million with the 27-year-old remaining free to negotiate with equipment makers.
McIlroy joined Nike in 2013 on a deal that also covered clubs and the former world number one has since won 12 tournaments, including two major championships. He had been previously sponsored by Titleist.
A first Masters victory, and the coveted green jacket, would make him only the sixth player in history to complete golf's grand slam of major championships.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin; Editing by John O'Brien)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
* U.S. 2-7 year yields 2-3 bps above multi-week lows * Traders await Trump-Xi meeting, U.S. non-farm payrolls data * Paul Ryan tax reform comments keep yields from rising (Updates prices, adds analyst comment) By Sam Forgione NEW YORK, April 6 U.S. Treasury yields edged lower on Thursday amid uncertainty ahead of a key U.S. jobs report Friday and a meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping, and also over the fate of Trump's pro-growth agenda. Yields on Treasuries maturing between two and seven years hovered two to three basis points above multi-week lows touched earlier in the week before these events. The meeting between Trump and Xi Thursday will be their first. On jobs, economists polled by Reuters expect U.S. employers to have added 180,000 jobs last month. "People are very careful about positioning ahead of payrolls," said Subadra Rajappa, head of U.S. rates strategy at SG Corporate & Investment Banking in New York. She said yields could fall on a weak report, while stronger average hourly earnings could push yields higher by lifting expectations for a June interest rate increase from the Federal Reserve. Analysts said comments on Wednesday by U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan stoked concerns over the feasibility of Trump's agenda, in turn driving a bid for safe-haven U.S. government debt that prevented yields from rising. Ryan said tax reform would take longer to accomplish than repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare, and that Congress and the White House were initially closer to agreement on healthcare legislation than on tax policy. "Ryan saying tax reform was going to potentially take longer, that is pretty much just opening up the possibility that the first 100 days of Trump's presidency is not going to see any material actionable planning being done," said Stanley Sun, interest rate strategist at Nomura Securities International in New York. Traders also digested minutes from the Fed's March meeting released Wednesday afternoon, which showed most Fed policymakers think the U.S. central bank should take steps to begin trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet this year as long as economic data holds up. Benchmark 10-year Treasury notes were last up 4/32 in price to yield 2.343 percent, from a yield of 2.357 percent late Wednesday. U.S. 30-year Treasury bonds were last up 9/32 in price to yield 2.990 percent, from a yield of 3.005 percent late Wednesday. U.S. three-year yields were last roughly flat at 1.448 percent after touching a more than five-week low of 1.426 percent Wednesday. April 6 Thursday 3:14PM New York / 1914 GMT Price US T BONDS JUN7 151-22/32 0-6/32 10YR TNotes JUN7 125-28/256 0-16/256 Price Current Net Yield % Change (bps) Three-month bills 0.7975 0.8102 0.007 Six-month bills 0.9175 0.9346 0.006 Two-year note 100-2/256 1.246 -0.004 Three-year note 100-128/256 1.4504 -0.003 Five-year note 100-12/256 1.8651 -0.003 Seven-year note 99-212/256 2.1516 -0.007 10-year note 99-44/256 2.3444 -0.013 30-year bond 100-48/256 2.9903 -0.015 DOLLAR SWAP SPREADS Last (bps) Net Change (bps) U.S. 2-year dollar swap 33.75 0.75 spread U.S. 3-year dollar swap 29.50 0.50 spread U.S. 5-year dollar swap 11.50 0.25 spread U.S. 10-year dollar swap -2.25 0.00 spread U.S. 30-year dollar swap -39.50 -0.25 spread (Editing by Bernadette Baum and James Dalgleish)
* NSE index down 0.41 pct, BSE down 0.38 pct
* Investors wait for RBI policy meet
* Analysts don't expect rate change - poll
By Tanvi Mehta
April 6 Indian shares reversed gains from the previous session's record highs to fall on Thursday, as investors waited for clues on which way interest rates are headed when India's central bank meets to deliberate on monetary policy later in the day.
Although the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has pulled surprises at its last three policy meetings, analysts uniformly expect no change in interest rates, according to a Reuters poll.
Across the world, stocks fell with risk appetite soured after minutes of the U.S. Federal Reserve's last meeting showed most policymakers thought the central bank should begin trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year, much earlier than many had expected.
U.S. stock market futures fell 0.3 percent and MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was 0.8 percent lower.
"Market is awaiting what RBI does on the liquidity front and that has the potential to impact banks negatively, if there is an increase in CRR (cash reserve ratio)," said Dipen Shah, senior vice president and head of private client group research, Kotak Securities.
The broader NSE index was down 0.41 percent at 9,226.85 as of 0526 GMT, a day after touching a record high of 9,264.95.
The benchmark BSE index was 0.38 percent lower at 29,860.36, hovering below its all-time high of 30,024.74 touched on March 4, 2015.
Banking stocks dragged the NSE index down, with the Nifty Bank index falling as much as 0.55 percent. The bank index has risen about 19 percent this year.
Jindal Steel and Power gained as much as 5.22 percent after posting a 12.3-percent sequential rise in quarterly consolidated steel production.
Phoenix Mills Ltd gained as much as 7.3 percent to its highest in seven months after Canada Pension Plan Investment Board said it would invest in the company's unit. (Reporting by Tanvi Mehta in Bengaluru; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Manfred Weber, Chairman of the European People Party (EPP), take part in a summit of the party in St Julian's, Malta, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
(L-R) Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, European Council President Donald Tusk and German Chancellor Angela Merkel take part in a European People Party (EPP) summit in St Julian's, Malta, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
ST JULIAN'S, Malta Pro-European allies of German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Thursday set out a firm line on Britain's exit negotiations, including an exit bill for London among the main priorities of the EU's overall stance.
With control of the main EU institutions in Brussels and counting EU negotiator Michel Barnier among their ranks, the centre-right European People's Party (EPP) will be one of the most important pressure groups behind the scenes of the talks.
At a two-day congress dominated by Britain's formal decision to quit the bloc on Wednesday, Europe's most powerful political family said it will seek to ensure the rights of EU citizens in Britain continue, that Northern Ireland avoids a hard border with Ireland and that London settles its accounts on leaving.
"The exit bill must be paid in full by the United Kingdom," said Frenchman Joseph Daul, leader of the EPP that is broadly made up of centre-right Christian Democrats.
The party "will not allow the cherry-picking we saw over the past few decades," chairman Manfred Weber said, adamant that Britain cannot shape the new future relationship in the way London did as an EU member, opting in and out of certain areas.
A possible bill of 60 billion euros ($64 billion) has been mentioned in Brussels since last year, but officials stress it is only a very rough estimate and needs to be discussed in two exit negotiations that are expected to start in mid-May.
"NOW WE ARE THREE"
To the music of the 1970s hit "We Are Family" at a luxury hotel in Malta, the EPP pledged not to allow Britain to exploit divisions between centre-right governments during the talks.
Although a now familiar promise by all European Union leaders, it may hold more weight because of the divisions among European socialists, particularly in France, traditionally a twin engine of the European Union along with Germany.
In tatters, France's ruling Socialist Party is almost certain to lose power in this year's elections, while the left has lost ground in southern Europe and is not assured of unseating Merkel in Germany's elections later in September.
"We are united to respond to whatever letters come from London," said EPP secretary general Antonio Lopez-Isturiz. "I challenge the Socialists to have such a gathering," he said to an audience of hundreds of delegates. "I challenge them to organise a football team."
Former British premier David Cameron took the Conservatives out of the EPP in 2009 to appease eurosceptics in his party but at the cost of lost influence in the political group.
Croatia's Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic was scathing about Cameron, blaming him for allowing internal divisions within the Conservatives to lead to Brexit.
"Never allow an intra-party question to become a national, a European or a global question," he told the congress.
EPP leaders including Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny relished in the EPP's upswing that saw it win the presidency of the European Parliament and regain the presidency of the European Council, which chairs EU summits, this year.
He noted negotiator Barnier was a member of the centre-right grouping and called for EPP support to avoid problems that its withdrawal from the EU will create on the Irish border, as well to include a 1998 Irish peace deal in a final Brexit accord.
"Now we are three!" the new president of the EU legislature Antonio Tajani declared to hundreds of members of the party faithful, referring to the EPP control of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission.
Merkel called that "a major success" but told the party it now had the responsibility not to abuse its position and uphold values of fairness and solidarity, although she did not directly mention the Brexit negotiations.
"We have to find answers now ... We have problems to solve at the European level," Merkel said, citing migration and combating Islamic militants, areas that will involve Britain.
($1 = 0.9315 euros)
(Reporting by Robin Emmott; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Feb 2 (OPTA) - Standings of the Big Bash League on Friday P W L T Ded RR PTS Perth Scorchers 10 8 2 0 0 .154 16 Adelaide Strikers 10 7 3 0 0 .801 14 Melbourne Renegades 10 6 4 0 0 .297 12 Hobart Hurricanes 10 5 5 0 0 -.291 10 Sydney Sixers 10 4 6 0 0 .331 8 Sydney Thunder 10 4 6 0 0 -.039 8 Brisbane Heat 10 4 6 0 0 -.437 8 Melbourne Stars 10 2 8 0 0 -.926 4 Note: Ded-Deductions; RR-Net Run Rate
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
YAOUNDE, March 30 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Cameroon's government plans to restore 12 million hectares (30 million acres) of deforested land to redress the challenges of dwindling forests and help mitigate the effects of climate change.
Local councils, nongovernmental organisations and businesses are backing the plan, which will be accompanied by efforts to conserve indigenous forest.
Launching the scheme last month, Hele Pierre, Cameroon's minister of environment and nature protection, said it was the biggest such project yet undertaken in the species-rich Congo Basin, home to the world's second-largest tropical rainforest.
“By restoring our unproductive landscapes, we will help local communities develop sustainably, increase their resilience to climate change and contribute to climate change mitigation,” Pierre said.
But environmental experts say that while forest restoration is welcome, there is an even more critical need to protect existing forests, which provide the greatest benefits in terms of limiting climate change and protecting biodiversity.
DISAPPEARING FORESTS
Cameroon's forests are the second largest in Africa, at more than 23 million hectares. The government says they have a major role to play in the country's economic development as well as the fight against climate change and in meeting global forest conservation targets.
But in recent years, Cameron has seen a surge in deforestation and forest degradation. A report by Global Forest Watch shows forest loss in Cameroon of 777,000 hectares between 2001 and 2015, with half of this occurring since 2012.
Experts say the losses not only hurt ecosystems and drive climate change but hit the country's economy as well.
“The economic and environmental impact of forest loss is really immeasurable, necessitating urgent measures to redress the problem,” said Paul Donfack, a consultant with the African Forest Forum.
The government says it is tackling the deforestation problem on two fronts, by reinforcing forest management to protect existing forests and moving to restore those lost.
“We think both actions on protecting existing forest and restoring new ones will help significantly reduce the forest loss gap,” Pierre said.
CASH TO LOCAL LEVEL
The restoration programme, which is scheduled to run until 2030, is part of the Bonn Challenge initiative on forest restoration launched by the International Union for Conservation of Nature in 2011, the minister said.
The project is kicking off with the participation of 183 bodies nationwide, including 74 local councils, 36 non-governmental organisations, and business bodies.
The government says local councils will receive FCFA 500 million ($820,000) annually to plant new forest in their areas, while some chiefdoms (village administrative areas) in vulnerable regions will receive FCFA 70 million ($115,000) annually in government support.
Participants in the forest restoration initiative say having non-governmental groups working on the project will be “critical” to helping it succeed.
Such groups need to “accompany and push government to aggressive actions that will secure the country's rich forest resources”, said Zachee Nzoh Ngandembou, CEO of the Center for Environment and Rural Transformation, a Cameroonian NGO that is backing the forest restoration programme.
Both government and environment experts agree it is unusual for them to be collaborating on sustainable forest management.
“By working together we hope to make much greater impact in one of the biggest forest operations ever realised in the Congo Basin region,” Pierre said.
Ngandembou said that forest conservation on Mt Cameroon is critical in the provision of drinking water to both Cameroon and neighbouring countries.
“Many economic and social services, like supply of water for drinking and dam construction for hydro-electricity, depend on forest. If you don't have the forests you can't have these services,” he said.
“It makes real economic sense for both the government and the private sector to invest in reasonable forest projects and encourage greater government regulation and control of forest resources to reap the maximum benefits,” he added.
SAVING FORESTS FIRST
Julius Chuezi Tieguhong, a forest researcher in Cameroon, said indigenous forests have the potential to store more carbon, harbour greater biodiversity and regulate climate better than a reforested area.
He advised that while embracing both approaches, Cameroon's government and its partners should not lose sight of the economic and environmental advantages of conserving existing forest over reforestation.
“It is important ... to understand the right balance for any sustainable forest programme,” Tieguhong said.
Cameroon officials say they have made efforts to crack down on forest loss in recent years, though with limited success.
“We have multiplied and reinforced forest governance with heavy sanctions against defaulters in recent months and will continue to do so,” said Philip Ngole Ngwese, the minister of forestry and wildlife.
(Reporting by Elias Ntungwe Ngalame; editing by James Baer and Laurie Goering :; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, resilience, women's rights, trafficking and property rights. Visit news.trust.org/climate)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 29Wuhan East Lake High Technology Group Co Ltd
* Says it will invest up to 299 million yuan in a new fund, which is engaged in environmental industry
* Fund with scale of up to 1.2 billion yuan
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/ft3Fuz
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UBS, Credit Suisse on track to meet banking rules -Swiss central bank
ZURICH, June 15 Switzerland's two biggest banks, UBS and Credit Suisse, are on track to meet the country's updated too-big-to-fail rules but more progress is needed in preparing plans for a potential insolvency, the Swiss central bank said on Thursday.
FILE PHOTO - First Lady Melania Trump and U.S. President Donald Trump (not pictured) attend the 60th Annual Red Cross Gala at Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach, Florida, U.S., February 4, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: U.S. first lady Melania Trump speaks during a visit to Excel Academy Public Charter School in Washington, U.S., April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
LONDON Britain's Daily Mail agreed on Wednesday to pay Melania Trump an undisclosed sum and issue an apology after it published an article saying the U.S. First Lady had offered "services beyond simply modelling" in her former job.
President Donald Trump's wife, 46, had sued the publisher of the Daily Mail in Britain and also filed a $150 million (120 million pound) lawsuit against it in New York, claiming the article had cost her millions of dollars in potential business.
A person familiar with the situation said the settlement was worth less than $3 million, including legal costs and damages.
The Daily Mail, which runs what it calls the world's largest English-language newspaper website, apologised for the article on Wednesday and issued a retraction on its home page.
"An article on 20th August 2016 about Melania Trump... questioned the nature of her work as a professional model, and republished allegations that she provided services beyond simply modelling," publisher Associated Newspapers said.
"We accept that these allegations about Mrs Trump are not true and we retract and withdraw them .... we have agreed to pay her damages and costs."
At the High Court in London, Trump's lawyer said the article, headlined "Racy photos and troubling questions about his wife's past that could derail Trump", was published as a two-page spread and accompanied by an old photo of Melania Trump standing naked with her front against a wall but looking back at the camera.
"Readers of the newspaper that day could not fail to miss the article", John Kelly told the court. "The article included false and defamatory claims about the claimant which questioned the nature of her work as a professional model.
"The suggestion that such allegations even merit investigation is deeply offensive and has caused a great deal of upset and distress to the claimant," he said.
(Reporting by Costas Pitas, Michael Holden and Kate Holton; editing by Stephen Addison)
WASHINGTON May 3 In a razor-thin vote, the U.S. Senate on Wednesday approved a resolution killing a Labor Department regulation aimed at easing federal restrictions for new state-sponsored retirement savings plans for lower-income workers.
The rule, championed by states such as California but opposed by the mutual fund industry, exempted state-run retirement plans from strict pension protection laws.
It was the 14th Obama-era rule that the Republican-led Congress has killed under the once-obscure Congressional Review Act, which allows lawmakers to repeal newly minted regulations with only simple majorities in both chambers and a signature from the president.
The Senate passed the resolution in a 50-49 vote, and President Donald Trump was expected to sign it into law. (Reporting by Lisa Lambert and Sarah N. Lynch)
April 5 Visible Gold Mines Inc
* Has received conditional approval from TSX Venture Exchange to consolidate its issued and outstanding common shares
* To consolidate its issued and outstanding common shares on basis of one share for every ten shares issued and outstanding
* Consolidation of visible gold mines' common shares was approved by visible gold mines' shareholders Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Failure to break 200-day moving average weighs * U.S. jobs data beats expectations * Dollar retreat after Fed minutes supports * Safe haven demand underpins prices ahead of Trump-Xi summit (Recasts with Fed minutes; updates prices) By Devika Krishna Kumar and Peter Hobson NEW YORK/LONDON April 5 Gold fell from one-month highs on Wednesday after better-than-expected U.S. jobs data boosted U.S. bond yields and the dollar but losses were limited after minutes from the Federal Reserve's March policy meeting were released. Bullion pared some losses after the Fed's minutes showed most policymakers think the central bank should take steps to begin trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year as long as the economic data holds up. Spot gold was down 0.3 percent at $1,251.74 an ounce at 2:57 p.m. EDT (1857 GMT), while U.S. gold futures ended the session 0.8 percent lower at $1,248.50 an ounce. Earlier in the session, the ADP National Employment Report showed that U.S. private employers added 263,000 jobs in March, beating economists' forecasts of 187,000 additions. "ADP was what had blown away expectation and that's really what sent it lower and put a small bid underneath the dollar index," said Phillip Streible, senior commodities broker for RJO Futures in Chicago. "Throughout the day we've been trading at either side of $1,250, it seems like gold bulls and bears are comfortable trading around that psychological level" U.S. 30-year Treasury yields and the U.S. dollar hit session highs immediately after the Fed minutes were released but gave up most gains later in the session. A stronger dollar makes gold more expensive for holders of other currencies, while higher bond yields dampen demand for non-yielding bullion. Gold touched $1,261.15, its highest since Feb. 27, on Tuesday but failed to close above its 200-day moving average, currently at $1,258, for the third time in less than six weeks. Gold has risen 8.8 percent so far this year and has held just under its 200-day moving average since late March. But some investors were cautious ahead of U.S. non-farm payrolls data due on Friday, where sharp gains in employment would bolster the case for rate rises and likely boost the dollar. Gold was supported however by demand for safe assets after a chemical attack in Syria appeared to put Russia and the United States on a diplomatic collision course and North Korea fired a ballistic missile into the sea ahead of a summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping. Spot silver was down 0.3 percent at $18.23 an ounce, having touched a one-month high of $18.41 in the previous session. Platinum slipped 0.3 percent to $956 an ounce, while palladium was up 0.5 percent at $808.20. (Additional reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by Susan Thomas and Lisa Shumaker)
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Primary Medical Packaging Material Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Primary Medical Packaging Material market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Avery Dennison Corporation (U.S.), 3M Company (U.S.), E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (U.S.), CCL Industries, Inc. (Canada), Amcor Limited (Australia), Constantia Flexibles Group GmbH (Austria), Constantia Flexibles Group GmbH (Austria), Sonoco Products Company (U.S.), WestRock Company (U.S.). This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Primary Medical Packaging Material Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-primary-medical-packaging-material-market/10350/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Primary Medical Packaging Material market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Primary Medical Packaging Material market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Primary Medical Packaging Material Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Primary Medical Packaging Material. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Primary Medical Packaging Material in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Polymer, Paper & paperboard, Non-woven fabric, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Medical equipment & tools, Medical devices, IVDs, Implants.
Key Highlights Of The Primary Medical Packaging Material Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-primary-medical-packaging-material-market/10350/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Primary Medical Packaging Material new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Primary Medical Packaging Material market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Primary Medical Packaging Material industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
April 28 Aeria Inc:
* Says it will fully acquire Arithmetic Inc through stock swap effective June 5
* For the stock swap, one share of Arithmetic's common stock will be exchanged for 153.062 shares of Aeria's common stock
* 153,062 shares of Aeria's new stock will be exchanged
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/I7DI99
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
March 29 Geo Group Inc -
* On March 23, co executed a third amended and restated credit agreement
* Credit agreement refinances Geo's prior $291.0 million term loan - SEC filing
* Credit agreement reestablishes Geo's ability to implement at a later date an australian dollar letter of credit facility providing for up to a$275 million
* Credit agreement evidences credit facility consisting of an $800.0 million term loan bearing interest at libor plus 2.25%
* Credit agreement evidences credit facility also consisting $900.0 million revolving credit facility initially bearing interest at libor plus 2.25%
* Under amendment,term loan component to mature on March 23, 2024, revolving credit commitment component to mature on May 19, 2021 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
March 29 Northwest Pipeline LLC
* Northwest Pipeline LLC - $250 million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2027, scheduled to be delivered on April 3, 2017
* Northwest Pipeline LLC prices private debt issuance
* Northwest Pipeline LLC- senior notes were priced with a 4.000 percent coupon and at an offering price of 99.641 percent of par
* Northwest Pipeline LLC- Northwest intends to use net proceeds from offering to repay $185 million of 5.95% senior notes due 2017 upon maturity on April 15, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 People's Insurance Group Of China Co Ltd
* Aggregate premiums income for PICC Life Insurance Company from 1 January 2017 To 31 March 2017 RMB64.426 billion
* Aggregate premiums income for PICC Property And Casualty Company from 1 January 2017 to 31 March 2017 were RMB88.52 billion
* Aggregate premiums income of PICC Health Insurance Company Limited for period from 1 Jan To 31 March was rmb16.87 billion Source text (bit.ly/2pFI7vc) Further company coverage:
CAIRO Egypt's President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi ordered military troops be deployed across the country on Sunday, his office said in a statement, after 43 people were killed in bomb attacks on two churches.
"President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces has ordered units from the military to immediately deploy and assist the civilian police in securing vital facilities in all provinces of the republic," his office said in a statement.
(Reporting by Ahmed Aboulenein; Writing by Eric Knecht; editing by Susan Thomas)
LUANDA, April 12 Angola may bring back a rule requiring importers to pay insurance locally instead of abroad for imports, as part of measures aimed at controlling the outflow of capital.
Hit by depressed prices of crude oil, Africa's second largest oil exporter has been depleting its foreign exchange reserves to fund imports and pay down government debt. Oil output represents 40 percent of gross domestic product and more than 95 percent of foreign exchange revenue.
Hernani Paulo, a specialist at the National Insurance Regulatory and Supervision Agency (ARSEG), told Reuters on Tuesday the decree was awaiting enforcement after it was approved by the Council of Ministers.
"It is just waiting for enforcement which can happen any time," Paulo said.
Angola has implemented a number of currency controls, including cutting the amount of hard currency travellers are allowed to take abroad, to cope with a foreign currency shortage that has led to a flourishing black market.
Until now, importers paid for insurance of their goods overseas in foreign currency, but the new rule will force them to pay insurance locally in the local kwanza currency.
"We need to protect our balance of payments," ARSEG Insurance Supervision Manager Armando Costa told RNA, Angola's National Radio Station. (Reporting by Herculano Coroado; Writing by Nqobile Dludla; Editing by Alison Williams)
PARIS (Reuters) - Pierre Gode, a long-time adviser to Bernard Arnault, the multibillionaire boss of French luxury group LVMH (LVMH.PA), has died aged 73 after a long illness, the company said on Friday.
“It is with great sadness that I announce the passing of Pierre Gode,” Arnault said in a statement issued by LVMH.
“Alongside my father, Jean Arnault, and then alongside me, Pierre Gode was instrumental in the creation and growth of the LVMH Group. His lively intelligence and sound judgment will be missed by all who came to know and appreciate him.”
Despite his ill-health, Gode remained an advisory member of the LVMH and Dior (DIOR.PA) boards.
A lawyer by training, Gode worked alongside Bernard Arnault from the mid-1980s to build up LVMH, now the world's largest luxury group, with brands ranging from Dom Perignon champagne to fashion houses Fendi and Givenchy.
As well as advising Dior and serving as a vice-chairman of LVMH, Gode was on the board of media and advertising group Havas (HAVSF.PK) and a member of France's Competition Authority.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Patients with an advanced form of an aggressive blood cancer who had initially responded to Novartis' new type of gene-modifying immunotherapy continued to respond at least six months after treatment, according to updated data released at a medical meeting on Sunday.
Among 46 patients with at least six months of follow-up after treatment with Novartis' Kymriah for diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL), 30 percent still had a complete response, meaning no detectable sign of cancer, with another 7 percent achieving a partial response.
The results indicate that, in the 81-patient study, those with no sign of cancer after three months remained relapse-free at six months and beyond, researchers reported at the American Society of Hematology meeting in Atlanta.
“Patients that are in complete remission by 3 to 6 months are going to have durable remissions,” said Dr. Stephen Schuster, the trial's lead investigator, who has patients from an earlier pilot study alive more than three years after Kymriah treatment.
Kymriah belongs to an exciting new class of therapy called CAR-T. It works by harvesting a patient's own disease-fighting T-cells, genetically engineering them to target specific proteins on cancer cells, and replacing them to circulate possibly for years, seeking out and attacking cancer.
“The technology is spectacular,” Schuster said. “We're able to save the lives of people that just a few years ago we couldn‘t. I can't express the amount of satisfaction and excitement that I have.”
The one-time treatment with a list price of $475,000 was approved in August for patients up to 25 years of age with advanced acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), becoming the first CAR-T treatment to market. A second from Gilead Sciences was later approved.
Novartis has applied for U.S. and European approval for Kymriah to treat adults with DLBCL, a common, aggressive type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
Patients in the study had relapsed or failed to respond to multiple rounds of chemotherapy plus stem cell transplants for about half of them, exhausting virtually all available options. They were allowed to receive additional chemotherapy while awaiting return of their engineered cells, an average turnaround time of about three weeks.
The cells can also be frozen until a patient is deemed clinically ready to receive them.
At the latest interim analysis, median duration of response had not been reached, meaning more than half the patients who responded had not experienced disease return or progression.
There were no deaths attributed to cytokine release syndrome or neurological side effects, both potentially dangerous reactions to the treatment.
Novartis expects to have 35 centers capable of processing Kymriah fully operational by the end of the year.
“We are in an amazing time,” Schuster said, “and it's really just the beginning.”
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
São Paulo, March 31 Brazil's Petróleo Brasileiro SA will decide in up to two weeks which assets it will put up for sale as part of a divestment plan, the state-controlled oil company said in a Friday securities filing.
Earlier this month, Brazil's federal audit court forced Petrobras, as the firm is known, to restart most of the program from scratch, imposing additional phases to the sale process. (Reporting by Bruno Federowski and Paula Laier)
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
BERLIN The leader of Germany's Free Democrats (FDP) said on Saturday his party was confident of returning to parliament in September and eager to put its pro-business stamp on the next government - whether with Angela Merkel's conservatives or the Social Democrats.
In an interview with Reuters at a congress in Berlin to launch the centrist party's campaign for the Sept. 24 national election, FDP chairman Christian Lindner said its primary goal was to clear the 5 percent voter threshold needed to enter parliament again.
The FDP, which dropped out of the federal legislature in 2013 when its share of the vote fell to 4.8 percent, has been kingmaker to 17 of the country's 25 post-war governments on both the right and left.
Lindner, who has helped the FDP rally back to around 6 percent in opinion polls, said the party would not pledge itself as a coalition partner before the election -- after it aligned itself to the Chancellor's Christian Democrats in 2013 only to crash out of parliament.
"We're independent but we're not going to take the first (partner) that comes along," Lindner told Reuters.
That strategy might frighten away some conservatives from casting one of their two federal election ballots for the FDP, but could open the door to left-leaning voters who want to see the FDP join forces with the centre-left Social Democrats (SPD).
Germans cast two ballots - one for the party and one for the candidate in their district. Some voters split their votes in a way to help both parties when they have pledged to a coalition.
"We're reaching out to people who cherish freedoms and want to take responsibility for themselves - regardless of their walk of life, age, sex or income," Lindner said.
He estimated 60 to 70 percent of Germans counted on the state to care for them and were thus unlikely to vote for the FDP.
"We're appealing to the rest in Germany who want to take their fate into their own hands," he added.
"We don't have a set target for September but we want more than five percent and there's no upper limit.".
The FDP has been hovering between 5 and 7 percent in national polls over the last year after plunging to 2-3 percent in 2013. It has cleared the 5 percent threshold in nine of the last 16 state elections and is projected to win 12 percent in Lindner's home state of North Rhine-Westphalia on May 14.
Other FDP leaders told delegates to the party congress that they would only join a coalition with either major party - the Christian Democrats or the SPD - in exchange for a commitment to the reform vision the FDP has for Germany.
Analysts believe the FDP could play a pivotal role after the election, either helping Merkel retain power in a three-way alliance together with the Greens, or again combine with the Greens in an SPD-led coalition.
(Additional reporting by Thorsten Severin, writing by Erik Kirschbaum; editing by John Stonestreet)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 31 Quabit Inmobiliaria SA:
* Said on Thursday its board approved a warrants issue to certain funds advised by Avenue Europe International Management LP (Avenue Europe), giving the right to subscribe for new shares of the company up to a maximum of 6 percent of its share capital
* Average subscription price of 3.25 euros per share during the first two years and of 3.73 euros per share during the last two years
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Portugal/Germany 10-year yield spread hits almost-four week high
* German yields fall on global politics, policy uncertainty
* Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr (Writes through)
By Dhara Ranasinghe and Abhinav Ramnarayan
LONDON, April 3 German government bond yields tumbled on Monday after a subway explosion in Russia's St. Petersburg, boosting demand for safe-haven bonds just as a reduction in ECB asset purchases kicked in.
At least nine people were killed and 20 injured in the blast in a St.Petersburg metro tunnel, and Interfax news agency said the cause may have been an explosive device hidden in a briefcase.
Caution before a meeting this week between U.S. President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, after Trump comments about North Korea, and concern that the British overseas territory of Gibraltar was becoming an early source of Brexit tension added to a feeling it was best to start the second quarter holding high-quality German paper.
"There is a bit of a grab for safe havens at a time when investors are positioning more defensively towards risk assets," said Peter Chatwell, head of European rates at Mizuho.
Yields on German government bonds, regarded as among the safest assets in the world, fell 5-6 basis points.
Ten-year Bund yields hit a one-month low around 2.76 percent , while two-year yields were set for their biggest one-day fall since the day after Britain's referendum on membership of the European Union last June.
British gilt yields and U.S. Treasury yields also tumbled.
ECB SCALES BACK
With the European Central Bank's monthly asset purchases falling by 20 billion euros to 60 billion euros from April, analysts said the fall in Bund yields showed safe-haven bonds remained well supported even as the ECB steps back from its ultra-easy policy.
Still, lower-rated bond markets felt some pain from the reduction in ECB asset purchases.
Though policymakers last week stressed that rate rises are not on the cards in the near future, Italy and Portugal are seen as the biggest beneficiaries of stimulus and most vulnerable to any hints of policy tightening.
"We are now in the new environment of only 60 billion euros (of bond purchases), and though this was well telegraphed it seems to be negative for peripheral spreads," said Commerzbank strategist David Schnautz.
With manufacturing data in the euro zone hitting a six-year high in March, and factories across Europe and Asia posting solid growth for the month on Monday, the argument for "normal" monetary policy is growing, analysts said.
The yield gap between Portugal's 10-year government bond and the German equivalent hit an almost four-week high of 368 basis points, up 4 bps on the day.
Italy's 10-year borrowing cost gap over Germany hit 203 bps, its highest since March 24.
A broad fall in bond yields in late trade allowed yields in Portugal and Italy to pull back from their highs.
DZ Bank analysts say this divergence between higher and lower-rated countries within the bloc could continue as French presidential elections loom.
"As the first round of the French presidential elections will take place this month, reduced ECB purchases should lead not only to generally rising yields in the euro area, but also to wider cross-market spreads, which should weigh above all on the periphery and France," the analysts said in a note.
French and peripheral bond yields have risen in recent months on the outside chance that far-right leader Marine Le Pen wins the keys to the Elysee Palace and pushes for a French exit from the single currency.
(Editing by Hugh Lawson)
The office building of health insurer Anthem is seen in Los Angeles, California February 5, 2015. REUTERS/Gus Ruelas
Anthem Inc (ANTM.N) is likely to exit from a large portion of its Obamacare individual insurance markets next year, Jefferies analysts said, nearly a week after Republican leaders pulled legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system.
Anthem is one of the few health insurers that still sells plans under Obamacare. Humana Inc (HUM.N), Aetna Inc (AET.N) and UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH.N) pulled out after reporting hundreds of millions of dollars of losses.
Anthem is leaning toward exiting a "high percentage" of the 144 rating regions in which it currently participates, Jefferies analysts said in a note on Thursday after talking to the health insurer.
Obamacare, former Democratic President Barack Obama's signature legislation created by the Affordable Care Act of 2010, has had a tough beginning.
The mix of sick and healthy customers has been worse than expected, and premium rates on the individual insurance market went up 25 percent this year.
The Republicans' failure to repeal Obamacare, at least for now, means it remains federal law.
"We continue to actively pursue policy changes that will help with market stabilization and achieve the common goal of making quality health care more affordable and accessible for all," Anthem said in a statement.
Shares of the company were up 1.4 percent at $167.29 in late afternoon trading.
The company's management notes that regulatory advocacy needs to progress significantly in a "month or so," said analysts David Windley and David Styblo, raising their price target on the stock to $177 from $172.
(Reporting by Ankur Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON, June 14 Steve Scalise, the Republican leader wounded in a gunman's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game, is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives.
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Louis Oosthuizen looked in trouble after swinging down onto a tree root with an approach shot at the second hole but the South African shook off the injury scare as a momentary jolt and said it did not impair him during the PGA Championship third round.
Oosthuizen, who shook his right arm in discomfort after hitting the shot with his back against a tree, walked down the fairway with a physio working on him.
The 2010 British Open champion parred the hole and went on to register a level-par 71 for a five-under 208 total that left him two shots behind leader Kevin Kisner going into Sunday's final round.
"It's fine. It wasn't hurting at all. I didn't feel like it was painful or anything. It was just it got tight really quickly," he told reporters.
"I could feel it all over. I thought it would be good to get the physio and release it. He just did a proper release of it. There was no pain. I could hit my shots, no worries."
More worrisome for Oosthuizen was the condition of his eight-iron.
"I was going pretty steep on it. Took a big chunk out of it. Bent my eight-iron properly," said Oosthuizen, who had to go with his seven-iron instead on two approach shots in the closing holes including the 16th, which he bogeyed.
Oosthuizen tried to bend the club back but to no avail.
"I tried to fix it, but obviously I'm not good at that," he said. "I got it to the club and they tried to fix it, but it was just right in the hozzle where the shaft goes in. Ping is already building me a new one and getting it to me."
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
* For the midday report, please click
SEOUL, March 29 The South Korean won eased on Wednesday as the dollar regained strength on upbeat U.S. economic data, but the local currency's further loss was prevented by exporters' month-end dollar selling.
The won was quoted at 1,114.2 to the dollar at the conclusion of onshore trade, down 0.1 percent compared with Tuesday's close of 1,113.
South Korean shares edged up supported by stronger U.S. stocks though the gains were capped as foreign investors and institutions offloaded local equities.
The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) closed up 0.2 percent at 2,167.
Offshore investors sold a net 53 billion won ($47.6 million) worth of KOSPI shares while the institutions offloaded 32.5 billion won worth. (Reporting by Dahee Kim; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)
April 12 Countryside Properties Plc:
* Trading statement - H1 2017
* H1 completions up 31% to 1,437 homes (h1 2016: 1,095 homes)
* H1 private average selling price ("asp") reduced by 13% to £440,000 but with underlying sales price growth of 6%
* H1 record private forward order book up 69% at £347.1m (h1 2016: £205.3m)
* H1 partnerships land bank 2 up 1,210 plots to 16,124 plots (h1 2016: 14,914 plots)
* See substantial growth within partnerships supported by a number of successful bids in first half and continuing flow of bid opportunities
* Customer demand, government support and good mortgage availability... Look set to continue for remainder of year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
With “Never Ending Stories,” the Kunstmuseum Wolfsburg presents the first extensive examination of the loop phenomenon in art, film, architecture, music, literature and cultural history, taking a comprehensive interdisciplinary look at the subject as regards time and place as well as form and content. Cyclicality in self-contained systems can be traced from the Ancient Egyptian serpent Ouroboros that devours its own tail to contemporary multimedia installations, significantly designating trance, dream and trauma in the human psyche. The architectural parcours developed especially for the gallery and the great hall in the Kunstmuseum Wolfsburg enables numerous mental rotations as well as spatial-physical looping experiences. The scope of the show ranges from the “Ouroboros” Octagon and the “Zen” Hall to the quadratic mirrored “Music Hall.” In the process, chapters of the exhibition such as “Endless Eros,” “The Digestion of the World” and “Architecture without End” continually expand into cinema, installation and self-awareness spaces: generously sized black boxes featuring video loops by Salla Tykkä, Rodney Graham and Omer Fast, for example, are juxtaposed with immersive room installations by artists like Douglas Gordon, Ragnar Kjartansson and Bruce Nauman. In “Never Ending Stories” you can experience almost contrapuntally Yayoi Kusama”s trancelike light infinity measuring just four by four meters and Gregor Schneider”s ultimate space loop “Bathroom” spanning over 500 square meters.
The Artists
Adel Abdessemed, Abramović/Ulay, Francis Alys, Rosa Barba, Robert Barta, Thomas Bayrle, Max Beckmann, Joseph Beuys, Michel Blazy, Etienne-Louis Boullee, Marcel Broodthaers, Philip Corner, Julio Cortázar, Attila Csörgö, Salvador Dalí, Wim Delvoye, Marcel Duchamp, Thomas A. Edison, Maurits Cornelis Escher, Juan Esteban Fassio, Omer Fast, Leon Ferrari, Sandra Filic, Robert Filliou, Fischli/Weiss, Robert Fludd, Frank B. Gilbreth, Douglas Gordon, Rodney Graham, Max Grau, Anton Henning, Seiko Hirata, James Joyce, William Kentridge, Athanasius Kircher, Ragnar Kjartansson, Kraftwerk, Yayoi Kusama, Stanley Kubrick, Claude-Nicolas Ledoux, Tim Lewis, Sarah Lucas, Guillaume de Machaut, Michael Maier, Matthäus Merian the Elder, Robert Müller, Juan Munoz, Eadweard Muybridge, Bruce Nauman, OMA, Nam June Paik, Giambattista della Porta, Barbara Probst, Markus Raetz, Bridget Riley, Peter Roehr, Raymond Roussel, Erik Satie, Markus Schinwald, Gregor Schneider, Richard Serra, Shunso Shoju, Nedko Solakov, Daniel Spoerri, Gertrude Stein, Donna Summer, Roland Topor, Salla Tykkä, Günther Uecker, Andy Warhol and many more.
The Catalogue
The exhibition is accompanied by a catalogue, edited by Ralf Beil. The catalogue is published by Hatje Cantz Verlag. The hardcover publication in a German and an English edition encompasses 360 pages, circa 650 illustrations. 45 € in the museum shop.
The exhibition will be held from October 29, 2017 until February 18, 2018.
Press previews on Thursday, October 26, 2017, 11:15 a.m. The artist Gregor Schneider is present.
Opening on Saturday, October 28, 2017, 7 p.m. with party from 9 p.m.
Photo: Yayoi Kusama, “Infinity Mirrored Room – The Souls of Millions of Light Years Away”, 2013 © Yayoi Kusama. Courtesy of David Zwirner, New York; Ota Fine Arts, Tokyo / Singapore; Victoria Miro, London; YAYOI KUSAMA Inc.
March 31 Zhejiang Huatong Meat Products Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for Q1 2017 to increase by 95.5 pct to 128 pct, or to be 30 million yuan to 35 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (15.3 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales in subsidiaries is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/2bikdA
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Deutsche Bank outlines organisation of revamped investment bank
FRANKFURT, June 15 Deutsche Bank has outlined clearly differentiated roles for the co-heads of its revamped investment bank to make it more efficient and is also creating a new global markets division.
March 30 China Communications Services Corp Ltd
* FY profit attributable to equity shareholders of company was RMB2,536 million, up by 8.6%
* FY total revenues were RMB88,449 million, up by 9.3%
* Board has proposed to pay a final dividend of RMB0.1098 per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Adds quotes from prepared testimony, details, background)
WASHINGTON May 3 The U.S. Navy has decided to delay by a year until fiscal 2020 the awarding of a design and construction contract for a planned new frigate, according to congressional testimony on Wednesday by two Navy rear admirals.
The delay resulted from a decision to set up a frigate evaluation team to look at how to make the vessel more lethal and survivable, Rear Admirals Ron Boxall and John Neagley said in their prepared testimony.
Navy analyses have determined that the U.S. fleet needs 53 small surface combat ships to supplement the larger aircraft carriers and destroyers, undertaking tasks like antisubmarine warfare and mine countermeasures.
The Navy initially approved two different designs for so-called Littoral Combat Ships, or LCS - one a monohull developed by Lockheed Martin, and the other a trimaran hull developed by General Dynamics and built at an Austal USA shipyard in Alabama.
Both were designed to be modular, so they could be quickly refitted to take on different roles.
Both variants of the LCS faced initial production and operational difficulties and have been criticized by the Government Accountability Office for not being lethal or survivable enough in combat.
The vessels displace about 3,000 tons and are about the size of a light frigate or Coast Guard cutter, according to the Congressional Research Service. They cost about $480 million per ship.
The Pentagon restructured the program in response to criticism in 2014, deciding to go ahead with the construction of 32 LCS. The remaining small surface combat ships would be built with a revised design to improve their combat ability.
The new ships would be called frigates and the older LCS would be relabeled frigates once they were retrofitted with the capabilities of the newer ships. The new vessels were supposed to start being built no later than the 2019 fiscal year.
Boxall, the director of the Navy's surface warfare division, and Neagley, head of the LCS program office, told a subcommittee of the House Armed Services Committee that the Navy had decided to establish a frigate evaluation team to look at upgrading the warfighting capabilities of the current frigate design.
"The Navy is defining the requirements for the frigate to improve its ability to operate in a more contested environment than LCS," they said in their statement.
They said the Navy planned to award a contract for the ships by the 2020 fiscal year. (Reporting by Eric Beech and David Alexander; Editing by Peter Cooney)
PARIS: The playboy son of Equatorial Guinea's leader, notorious for his extravagant taste in cars, homes and Michael Jackson memorabilia, goes on trial Monday in Paris charged with plundering his country's coffers to fund his jetset lifestyle in France.
Teodorin Obiang, his country's vice-president, is charged with using state money to pay for a mansion on one of the swankiest avenues in Paris, along with a 76-metre (250-foot) yacht, a collection of designer suits and other indulgences.
His lawyers have said they will call Monday for the trial to be adjourned, saying they need more time to prepare his defence.
The trial is the first arising out of an investigation into the French assets of a trio of African leaders accused of leading a life of luxury abroad while their citizens live from hand to mouth.
The 47-year-old accused is not expected to attend the trial, which is expected to last under two weeks.
He is charged with corruption, embezzlement, misuse of public funds and breach of trust.
US officials have already forced him to forfeit property bought with the proceeds of corruption, accusing him of “shamelessly” looting his country.
His house on Avenue Foch in Paris, which boasts a cinema, spa, hair salon and taps covered in gold leaf, is estimated to be worth around 107 million euros ($112 million).
When French judicial officials first launched raids in Paris in 2011, they hired trucks to haul away his Bugattis, Ferraris, Rolls-Royce and other cars.
The case sets a precedent for France which has long turned a blind eye to African dictators who routinely park their ill-gotten gains in Parisian real estate and luxury products.
It came about after nearly a decade of lobbying by anti-corruption groups Sherpa and Transparency International.
“In the beginning, there was simply no political will in France to listen to us,” William Bourdon, a lawyer for Sherpa, wrote in September.
Timber wealth
French prosecutors allege that party-loving Obiang lined his pockets to the tune of nearly 110 million euros between 2004-2011, when he was agriculture minister for his father, President Teodoro Obiang Nguema.
As agriculture minister he held a powerful position that gave him control over the lucrative timber industry which is Equatorial Guinea's main export after oil.
A so-called “revolutionary” tax imposed on wood sales was transferred to his personal accounts, prosecutors allege.
He has “always said that he earned the money legally in his country,” one of his lawyers, Emmanuel Marsigny, told AFP.
Obiang fought unsuccessfully to prevent the trial.
In December, the International Court of Justice in the Hague rejected a request by Equatorial Guinea to suspend the case.
Shopaholic
Born in 1969, Obiang was 10 when his father overthrew his bloodthirsty uncle, the dictator Francisco Macias Nguema.
Now Africa's longest-serving ruler, Teodoro Obiang Nguema made his son vice-president in June just after being re-elected with his usual score of more than 90 percent of votes cast.
During one of his appeals against the French trial, a lawyer acting for the French government said Obiang had a “compulsive need to buy”.
In a settlement with US prosecutors in 2014, Obiang agreed to turn over more than $30 million in property — including a Malibu villa, a Ferrari and Michael Jackson memorabilia.
The music fan is known to have bought a crystal-covered glove worn by Michael Jackson during his “Bad” tour, which is worth hundreds of thousands of euros.
The US Justice Department said he “embarked on a corruption-fuelled spending spree in the United States” after racking up $300 million through embezzlement, extortion and money laundering.
In November, Swiss prosecutors said they had opened a money laundering probe targeting Obiang and seized 11 luxury cars in Geneva, including a Bugatti Veyron worth around two million euros.
Equatorial Guinea, Africa's only Spanish-speaking nation, is the continent's third-biggest oil producer.
Analysts say the energy boom has benefitted only a select few. The country is also regularly criticised by human rights groups for repressive laws, unlawful killings, torture and corruption. AFP
AFP/CC
April 10 Japan Communications Inc
* Says concern of uncollectible or delayed receivables of 374.7 million yen from a Tokyo-based company, which is engaged in electronic payment processing business
* This is due to bankruptcy of the Tokyo-based company
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/WMjKBR
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 28 Beijing Join-Cheer Software Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 172.2 percent to 221.9 percent, or to be 43 million yuan to 50.6 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (15.8 million yuan)
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/WBnfnv
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
SHANGHAI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Britain signed deals worth more than 9 billion pounds ($12.83 billion) creating over 2,500 jobs across the United Kingdom during Prime Minister Theresa May's visit to China this week, the British government said on Friday.
“The agreements signed this week, valued at more than 9 billion pounds, demonstrate a clear demand for British goods and services,” International Trade Secretary Liam Fox said in the statement. ($1 = 0.7013 pounds) (Reporting by William James; Writing by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
March 28Shenzhen Sunwin Intelligent Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 140 percent to 170 percent, or to be 15.2 million yuan to 17.1 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (6.3 million yuan)
* Says increased revenue, government subsidy, contract income as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/go2NE2
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Ukraine's President Petro Poroshenko tours the Finnish Parliament with the Speaker of the Finnish Parliament Maria Lohela (L) during his one-day visit to Finland in Helsinki, Finland on Tuesday, 24th Jan., 2017. LEHTIKUVA/Vesa Moilanen/via REUTERS
KIEV The International Monetary Fund urged Ukraine on Monday to raise the pension age and do more to tackle corruption after announcing the payout of $1 billion (801.80 million pounds) in new aid to the war-torn country.
The IMF is propping up Ukraine's economy with a $17.5 billion bailout, helping it climb out of recession following the annexation of Crimea by Russia in 2014 and the outbreak of a Russian-backed separatist insurgency in its industrial east.
Ukraine's President Petro Poroshenko and the government cheered the new aid as a vindication of their reform efforts. Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman said it would help attract global investors and keep the hryvnia currency stable.
But the Fund, while praising Ukraine's economic recovery and lower inflation, urged the authorities to implement structural reforms and tame high public debt.
"Corruption needs to be tackled decisively. Despite the creation of new anti-corruption institutions, concrete results have yet to be achieved," IMF First Deputy Managing Director David Lipton said in a statement.
"The urgency of structural fiscal reforms to ensure medium-term sustainability has increased, as pressures to raise wages and pensions are building," he said. "Ukraine cannot afford to delay comprehensive pension reform much longer, including by raising the effective retirement age."
Lipton also said it was important for Ukraine to safeguard the independence of the central bank. Central Bank chief Valeriia Gontareva has hinted that she might soon resign, citing protests that included someone leaving a coffin at her door.
Kiev is expecting a total of four tranches of aid this year. So far, counting Monday's aid, it has received $8.38 billion in total under the programme launched in 2015.
Finance Minister Oleksandr Danylyuk said the next tranche could come in May.
The IMF had delayed its decision on disbursing new aid from March in order to assess the impact of an economic blockade that Kiev imposed on separatist-held territory.
Gontareva called the new aid "a real vote of confidence by the international financial community".
The central bank in a statement also said, citing IMF experts, that the blockade would have only a moderate impact on growth and would not threaten Ukraine's inflation target.
Earlier on Monday Ukraine launched an electronic register that will automatically refund value-added tax (VAT) owed to exporters, implementing an IMF-backed reform aimed at tackling endemic bribe-taking in the tax service and improving the investment climate.
(Editing by Alison Williams)
AUGUSTA,Ga (WJBF) Augusta Commissioners say reassigning the city's Chief Probation Officer was necessary to keep the city from getting sued.
Commissioners voted at last week's meeting to make Chief Probation Officer Marie Boulton the deputy warden at R-C-C-I.
THAT position was eliminated more than 5 years ago.
Commissioner Wayne Guilfoyle voted against it, and blasted the move, calling it just plain wrong.
But at least one other commissioner says Guilfoyle is wrong.
“”We came out a whole lot cheaper taking one of the jobs that was vacant and put her in it versus being sued the city now I guess commissioner Guilfoyle has plenty of money so he can pay that lawsuit I totality disagree with that I think he's wrong that we were out of place to do that,” says Commissioner Marion Williams
Boulton had hired an attorney after she was placed on administrative leave from her job at the probation office by Judge David Watkins.
Her salary at R-C-C-I will be 79-thousand dollars per year.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
EM ASIA FX- Asian currencies steady ahead of Fed decision, inflation report
(Adds details, updates prices) By Susan Mathew June 14 Asian currencies were steady on Wednesday as investors awaited results of the Federal Reserve meeting and clues on the pace of further U.S. rate hikes as well as signals on the country's inflation outlook. "The FOMC is clouding the dollar sentiment so investors are content sitting on the sidelines and not really doing much today" said Stephen Innes, senior trader at OANDA. The dollar index, which tracks the gree
LONDON Former Borussia Dortmund manager Juergen Klopp on Thursday questioned a decision by European soccer authority UEFA to reschedule the German team's Champions League quarter-final for just 24 hours after their bus was attacked.
Klopp argued that, while he understood the difficulties faced by the decision-makers, they probably would have reached a different conclusion had they been on the bus with the players en route to the Signal Iduna Park stadium on Tuesday.
The match in Dortmund against AS Monaco was postponed after three explosions near the vehicle that injured Spanish defender Marc Bartra.
"I'm pretty sure the people who make the decision afterwards, if they had been in the bus they would not have played the game," Klopp told a news conference in Liverpool.
"If you are not in the bus you cannot imagine how it is exactly," he said, adding that he understood the views of both sides and it had been difficult to find another date.
Dortmund's current coach, Thomas Tuchel, said late on Wednesday his team had felt ignored by UEFA over the decision to reschedule the match so quickly.
Liverpool manager Klopp, who was Dortmund boss from 2008-2015, said he was proud of his former team, who lost the match 3-2.
"I was really proud of Borussia Dortmund. When they played the game they tried to give the best," he said. "I saw the faces of my former players and I saw the shock in their eyes and that was really, really hard. It will take time to deal with it."
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; editing by John Stonestreet)
AMSTERDAM A Dutch court ordered prosecutors to open an investigation on Thursday into whether a Shell-Exxon joint venture bears any criminal responsibility for earthquakes triggered by production at the country's largest gas field.
No physical injuries have been caused by numerous small quakes, which have damaged thousands of buildings and structures across the north-eastern province of Groningen, and prosecutors had previously declined to act, arguing it was a civil matter.
However, the Leeuwaarden-Arnhem Appeals Court directed them to open an investigation, saying they had not looked carefully enough at whether a crime could be proved.
The government was formally censured by the country's Safety Board after a magnitude 3.6 quake hit the town of Huizinge in 2012. This was larger than had been deemed possible by NAM, the Royal Dutch Shell and Exxon Mobil joint venture that oversees production at Groningen.
"The court observes that there is evidence that the NAM is culpable of...damaging buildings with threat to human life," the court said in Thursday's ruling.
NAM, which has accepted civil responsibility for damage caused by the quakes and is paying damages of more than 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion), said in a statement it was surprised by the decision over Groningen, which was discovered in 1959 and is one of the world's largest gas fields.
"In earlier rulings, prosecutors and the court have continually found that there was no reason for prosecution," it said, adding that investigations do not automatically lead to charges being brought.
NAM spokesman Hein Dek declined any further comment.
Earlier this week, the Dutch government said it will again cut output at the field to lessen the risk posed by quakes, the fourth such move since the Safety Board's pivotal February 2015 report said authorities had ignored potential risks at Groningen for decades and were putting lives in danger.
Output at Groningen has been steeply reduced from 53.9 billion cubic meters in 2013 to a maximum of 24 billion cubic meters on an annual basis at present; in October that will be further cut to 21.6 bcm.
(Editing by David Evans and Alexander Smith)
ZURICH Turkey's ambassador to Switzerland has denied that his embassy spied on expatriate Turks, distancing his staff from a criminal investigation by Swiss prosecutors into suspected espionage.
The probe has drawn Switzerland into a dispute between Ankara and several European nations as Turkey seeks to drum up support in its diaspora in the run-up to a referendum on Sunday on expanding the powers of President Tayyip Erdoğan.
"It is certain that no such activities were conducted within the realm of our embassy," Ambassador Ilhan Saygili was quoted as telling broadcaster SRF's Rundschau programme in an interview to be aired on Wednesday night.
Saygili said that his deputy in Bern had been removed from office but did not confirm media reports that the diplomat and his family had sought asylum in neutral Switzerland.
"If he is absolutely not guilty then he could have gone to Turkey and proven his innocence," the ambassador was quoted as saying, without specifying any accusation against his number two.
Embassy officials in Bern could not be reached immediately.
The Swiss foreign minister told his Turkish counterpart last month that Switzerland would "rigorously investigate" any illegal spying by Ankara on expatriate Turks before the referendum.
The Swiss investigation follows alleged intelligence gathering in which participants at events at the University of Zurich in late 2016 and early 2017 were filmed or photographed, according to Swiss media.
One of the reported instances was in December, where opposition Turkish newspaper Cumhuriyet's chief editor was honoured. The other was in January during an academic forum on mass killings of Armenians in Turkey 100 years ago that Armenians consider genocide, a term Ankara rejects.
Allegations of intelligence gathering by Erdoğan supporters have arisen elsewhere in Europe. German police in February raided the flats of four imams suspected of spying for Turkey's government on followers of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, accused by Ankara of organising a failed coup last July. [nL8N1G21G6]
The head of Turkey's Diyanet religious authority, Mehmet Gormez, has denied its imams engaged in illegal activities and called such allegations defamatory.
Swiss government statistics show 68,000 Turkish citizens live in Switzerland, while the Turkish embassy's website puts the figure at 130,000.
(Reporting by Michael Shields; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
NEW YORK, April 3 Growing U.S. student loan debt is one headwind to overall economic activity and, on the margins, pushes the down the level the Federal Reserve is targeting for equilibrium interest rates, New York Fed President William Dudley said on Monday.
It is "one factor that pushes in that direction," Dudley said of student debt's role in a longer-term decline in the Fed's target "neutral" policy rate. He added that fiscal policies that make colleges and universities more affordable would benefit lower-income students' ability to increase their earnings potential. (Reporting by Jonathan Spicer; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
(Adds details, oil prices) By David Gaffen April 13 U.S. drillers added oil rigs for a 13th week in a row, with the number of active rigs rising to near a two-year high, as energy companies boost spending on new production to take advantage of a recovery in crude prices. Drillers added 11 oil rigs in the week to April 13, bringing the total count to 683, the highest since April 2015, energy services firm Baker Hughes Inc said on Thursday. RIG-OL-USA-BHI At this time a year ago, there were 351 active oil rigs. Much of the weekly gain can be attributed to Texas's Permian basin, which added eight rigs on the week. There are 339 active rigs in the Permian, located largely in the western part of Texas, 200 more than at this time last year. U.S. crude futures were little changed on Thursday, and did not react much to the rig count figures. U.S. West Texas Intermediate was at $53.02 a barrel, down 9 cents, as of 1:24 p.m. EDT (1724 GMT). Even as the world's major oil producing nations have attempted to reduce crude supply, U.S. inventories are at near-record highs at 533.4 million barrels. Overall domestic production has continued to climb, meanwhile, hitting 9.24 million barrels per day last week, according to the U.S. Energy Department. The EIA had projected a 9.22 million bpd production rate for 2017 and expects production to hit a record 9.9 million bpd in 2018. Analysts see U.S. energy firms boosting spending on drilling and pumping more oil and natural gas from shale fields in coming years with energy prices expected to climb. That has unnerved the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, which is trying to reduce a glut that has persisted for about three years. Futures for the balance of 2017 and calendar 2018 trade at around $54 a barrel, indicating expectations for stable prices going forward. (Reporting by David Gaffen; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
Luckily, fashion has moved on since some of the dodgy trends of the Noughties.
2006 might seem like a lifetime ago, but it's actually quite a relevant date in football history – it was the last time England won a knockout match in the World Cup.
This was back when the team included the likes of David Beckham and Ashley Cole, who were joined by their wives and girlfriends.
2006 will go down in history as the heyday of the WAGs -when Cheryl Tweedy (as she was then known), Victoria Beckham and Coleen Rooney descended on Germany to support their partners – and enjoy themselves. In one hour of shopping and drinking in Baden-Baden, the women reportedly spent £4,000 (along with a whole lot of press coverage).
(Owen Humphreys/PA)
So what better time to do a deep dive into the fashion of the time, and see how it compares to now? The WAGs of 2018 are much more low-key than those of 12 years ago, but are still coming out in force to support the team.
England lost their quarter-final match in 2006 – so here's hoping it's not just the fashion that has changed this time round.
Then and now: Hair
(Stefan Rousseau/PA)
WAGs of 2006 basically helped fund the hair extension industry. Few were seen without long hair, which was most often highlighted with blonde streaks. Beckham nowadays sports a sleeker, shorter hairdo.
(Adam Davy/PA)
Even though thankfully a lot has changed in WAG fashion over the years, long hair still very much the norm. Take Rebekah Vardy (wife of Jamie), who's often seen with her long, curled hair down – just minus the dodgy highlights.
Then and now: Sunglasses
Carly Zucker partner of England footballer Joe Cole (left) and Vanessa Perroncel, then partner of England footballer Wayne Bridge (Andrew Parsons/PA)
The World Cup takes place in summer, so WAGs are often seen wearing sunglasses to shield their eyes. In 2006 shades really were a shield – the trend of the era was: the bigger, the better.
Ruby Mae, right (Adam Davy/PA)
Nowadays, the fashion for sunglasses has changed dramatically. Glasses aren't quite so big and don't tend to wrap around the face – to be bang on trend shades really need to be teeny tiny. This is what we saw Dele Alli's model girlfriend Ruby Mae accessorising with for the match against Colombia.
Then and now: Blazers
(Owen Humphreys/PA)
Blazers aren't exactly conventional items of clothing for watching football in, but Coleen Rooney evidently likes to break fashion rules. Back in the day she went for a cropped number which screams 2006 – don't lie, you probably had something similar in your wardrobe then too. Bonus points for how clunky and low-tech that video camera looks – thank goodness for smartphones.
Shannon Horlock, left (Aaron Chown/PA)
Shannon Horlock – girlfriend to goalie Nick Pope – has a completely different interpretation of the blazer. She's gone for a really quite delightful pale pink jacket with matching trousers. It's not a classic football fan outfit, but she looks great.
Then and now: White
You've got to hand it to the 2018 WAGs, most of them have worn England shirts to every match, often with their partner's name on the back. Cute.
However, a special shout-out once again goes to Vardy, whose bejewelled football shirts gives us a taste of 2006 in 2018.
Carly Zucker and Vanessa Perroncel (Andrew Parsons/PA)
In contrast, you wouldn't have seen any of the 2006 WAGs dead in a football shirt – bejewelled or otherwise. They knew the media had its cameras trained on them, so they really tried to bring their fashion A-game – which back then meant a white dress with a hipster belt over denim peddle pushers…
Then and now: Brown and white
(Aaron Chown/PA)
Wearing brown and white is evidently a classic WAG go-to, with many partners over the years sporting the colour combo in the stands. Charlotte Trippier – wife of Kieran – kept things casual and classy for the match against Belgium, with mirrored sunglasses, a plain white tee and a leopard-print skirt.
(Andrew Parsons/PA)
You have to thank your lucky stars photographers were on hand in 2006 to capture gems like this. Here, Cheryl is peak Noughties – white shorts, slouchy boots, a see-through brown top and white bra on show.
Even her accessories are utterly of the era – pendant necklaces, small bags and big, wraparound sunglasses. It's all simply glorious – we wouldn't change a thing from the Noughties, but we're sure glad we don't dress like that now.
© Press Association 2018
Britain Soccer Football - Chelsea v Manchester City - Premier League - Stamford Bridge - 5/4/17 Chelsea's Eden Hazard celebrates scoring their first goal with teammates Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley Livepic
LONDON Tottenham Hotspur have the chance to exert psychological pressure on Premier League leaders Chelsea when they open the weekend programme at home to Watford on Saturday.
An 11th consecutive home league victory in the lunchtime kickoff would cut Chelsea's lead to four points before Antonio Conte's side play away at Bournemouth in the day's late game.
It seemed Mauricio Pochettino's Tottenham side had blown any chance of reeling in Chelsea when they trailed Swansea City 1-0 in the 88th minute on Wednesday. But an extraordinary late burst earned them a 3-1 win that kept Chelsea in their sights.
Their fifth consecutive victory maintained the seven-point gap and means Pochettino's side have amassed 29 points since the turn of the year - more than any other side.
While Chelsea's gritty 2-1 victory over Manchester City means it appears to be their title to lose, Tottenham are clearly revelling in the chase, as they did last season in an ultimately futile pursuit of Leicester City.
"I believe that we can win every game if we play like we did against Swansea - and then we'll see," said Pochettino, whose side host Bournemouth the following week.
"We're still pushing, believing, pressuring Chelsea. It's important we are showing we learnt from last season."
Conte is well aware of the threat posed by Tottenham and believes six wins from their final eight games could be required to keep Pochettino's in-form side at bay.
Bournemouth, who notched an impressive 2-2 draw at third-placed Liverpool on Wednesday, are a tricky obstacle for Chelsea, who a week later travel to Manchester United.
City's defeat at Stamford Bridge meant Pep Guardiola's side have gone four games without a win in the league, and a top-four finish is not a formality in the Spaniard's first season.
They host Hull City on Saturday, needing a victory to maintain their four-point gap over Arsenal and Manchester United, who are fifth and sixth respectively.
Third-placed Liverpool are also looking over their shoulder as they prepare to travel to Stoke City. They are two points above City and six ahead of Arsenal and United, although they have played more games than their rivals.
Arsenal, bidding for a 21st consecutive top-four finish, are at Crystal Palace on Monday while United, with three draws in their last four games, face bottom club Sunderland on Sunday.
While Sunderland looks doomed to the drop and 19th-placed Middlesbrough, who host Burnley, are favourites to join them, at least four other clubs are still sweating on survival.
One of them, West Ham, have lost five games in a row and their clash with third-from-bottom Swansea has all the ingredients of the trademark "six-pointer".
Defeat for West Ham, who are five points above 18th-placed Swansea, would leave them firmly in the mire.
"One win will change everything," West Ham manager Slaven Bilic said after Wednesday's 3-0 loss at Arsenal.
"Three points at this stage would be massive."
(Reporting by Martyn Herman; editing by Mark Heinrich)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
April 28 Nitori Holdings Co Ltd:
* Says it will purchase 445,207 shares of a Gunma-based company, which is engaged in the sales and leasing of used house, for 23,300 million yen in all
* Says it will hold 34 percent stake in the Gunma-based company, up from 0
* Effective date in late May
* Says it has also signed a business alliance with the Gunma-based company, to work together on service, product and network improvement, as well as reform cost control
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/EmPtEW
Further company coverage:
(Beijing Headline News)
(Adds rising sales of mini gold bars in S.Korea; paragraphs 10-12)
By Dahee Kim and Haejin Choi
SEOUL, Aug 11 (Reuters) - South Koreans are buying more gold and ready to eat meals, while the government plans to expand nation-wide civil defence drills planned for this month as rhetoric between North Korea and the United States ramps up tension.
Long used to living within the range of North Korea's artillery, people in the South have generally ignored its aggressiveness and series of nuclear and long-range missile tests.
But this week, as Pyongyang exchanged increasingly angry words with the United States, there are worries of a clash erupting along the heavily militarised frontier which divides the two Koreas.
Combat Ration Inc, which makes 2 billion won ($1.75 million) of annual revenue selling ready to eat meals, said sales had surged as much as 50 percent in the past week compared to the average.
"Since 2006, when North Korea first conducted its nuclear test, there wasn't this much response as people became immune to frequent missile launches and nuclear tests," said Yoon Hee-yeul, the chief executive of Combat Ration, based in the southeastern city of Daegu.
"I feel it's different this time," said Yoon, who's been in the business since 2004.
Ready to eat meals maker Babmart, based in eastern Seoul, and another Seoul-based online seller, jun2food.com, also said sales have increased. Officials at both companies attributed the surge to the heightened tension.
North Korea said on Thursday its army would complete plans in mid-August to fire four intermediate-range missiles over Japan to land near the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam.
U.S. President Donald Trump said North Korean leader Kim Jong-un was not going to get away with his "horrific" comments and disrespecting America.
"Koreans used to be numb to North Korea's threats, however, it seems different this time, and people are taking it seriously," said Song Jong-gil, an official of Korea Gold Exchange 3M, where sales of mini gold bars have surged five-fold since Aug. 9.
After Trump's "fire and fury" threat heightened tension, average daily sales volume has been 250 bars, ranging in weight between 10 grams (0.35 oz) and 100 grams (3.5 oz), versus about 50 earlier, Song said, adding the trend would continue through August.
Investors widely consider gold a safe-haven asset at times of growing geopolitical risk or economic uncertainty. South Koreans, who are still technically at war with their combative neighbours, are no exception.
Experts say if North Korea did launch intermediate-range missiles toward Guam, all its other missiles and artillery would be ready for action. Hundreds of thousands of troops and huge arsenals are arrayed on both sides of the tense demilitarized zone between the two Koreas.
At least 1,000 of the North's artillery pieces are capable of reaching densely populated Seoul and its metropolitan area, home to some 25 million people.
BIGGER DRILLS
Seoul is expanding its participation in a nationwide civil defence drill, set to take place on Aug. 23, Shim Kang-cheon, a local Seoul government official, told Reuters.
The five-minute drill begins with a siren on radio, and cars are stopped at designated spots. Pedestrians are escorted off the streets and taken to safe spots like subway stations.
All of Seoul's 25 districts will participate in the drill this year, Shim said, compared to just five last year.
In a recent message, Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon said, "Since North Korea is very close to crossing the red line, Seoul needs to ramp up all defence measures against North Korea's potential threat," said another Seoul city official who asked not to be identified by name.
The drill coincides with the four-day "Ulji Freedom Guardian" military manoeuvres on August 21-24, which are held yearly and include joint exercises by the U.S. and South Korean armed forces, as well as drills for emergencies.
But many officials say there is a long way to go to raise public awareness about civil defence. At two subway stations visited by Reuters on Friday, many people didn't know the locations were among Seoul's more than 3,200 designated bomb shelters.
Few bomb shelters have long-term supplies of food, water, medical kits or gas masks, because the mostly private owners of the shelters get no public funding.
"Since the subway stations in South Korea have enough depth and strength, we will be able to survive attacks. It is just a shame that such infrastructure is not advertised well to the public and that we are short of emergency supplies," said Yang Uk, senior fellow at Korea Defense and Security Forum, a research institute in Seoul. ($1=1,144.4700 won) (Additional reporting by Yuna Park, Jiwon Choi and Jane Chung, Writing by Joyce Lee, Editing by Soyoung Kim and Raju Gopalakrishnan)
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
* Market eyes Trump meeting with Chinese president * Spot gold might touch $1,239.55 - technicals * Speculators raise net long positions in gold (Updates prices) By Sethuraman N R April 3 Gold prices were little changed on Monday after marking their best quarter in a year, supported by uninspiring economic data from the United States and dovish remarks from a Federal Reserve official on Friday. Spot gold edged lower by 0.1 percent to $1,246.87 per ounce at 0617 GMT, while U.S. gold futures slipped 0.2 percent to $1,248.8. U.S. consumer spending barely rose in February amid delays in the payment of income tax refunds, but the biggest annual increase in inflation in nearly five years supported expectations of further interest rate hikes this year. The Fed could pause interest rate hikes when it begins shedding its bond holdings, a move that would have little effect on financial markets, St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said on Friday. "The interest rate hike cycle has set in and that might keep gold in a wide range of $1,200-$1,250 as the opportunity cost of holding non-interest rate bearing gold is more," said Mark To, head of research at Hong Kong's Wing Fung Financial Group. "But, there are still some uncertainties in the political climate. The two counteractive forces will determine the consolidation within that range, which is very likely to persist." Spot gold may revisit its March 31 low of $1,239.55 per ounce, as suggested by its wave pattern and a Fibonacci retracement analysis, said Reuters technical analyst Wang Tao. Spot gold notched a quarterly gain of about 8.4 percent on Friday, marking its best quarter in a year, mostly driven by uncertainties around U.S. President Donald Trump's policies and elections in Europe. Hedge funds and money managers raised their net long position in COMEX gold for the second straight week in the week to March 28, and boosted it slightly in silver, U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission data showed on Friday. "We think that both the gold and silver complexes will make fresh highs this month ahead of the French elections, but likely fade in their immediate aftermath," said INTL FCStone analyst Edward Meir. The main focus for markets this week is on U.S. payroll figures on Friday and U.S. President Donald Trump's first meeting with counterpart Xi Jinping on Thursday and Friday. On Sunday, Trump held out the possibility of using trade as a lever to secure Chinese cooperation against North Korea, which analysts think should help gold. In other precious metals, spot silver edged down 0.1 percent to $18.20 per ounce. Platinum rose 0.7 percent to $952.30, while palladium was up 0.5 percent to $799.25 an ounce. (Reporting by Nallur Sethuraman; additional reporting by Arpan Varghese in Bengaluru; Editing by Joseph Radford and Vyas Mohan)
(Recasts with rise in stocks in Brazil and in Chile) São Paulo, May 2 Brazilian stocks jumped on Tuesday as traders bet that recent protests will not hinder government efforts to conduct labor and pension reforms, while Chile's bourse rose on higher copper prices. Brazil's benchmark Bovespa index closed 2.02 percent higher, supported by banks such as Banco Bradesco SA and Itau Unibanco Holding SA that offset slumping shares in planemaker Embraer SA. Brazilian protesters torched buses, clashed with police in several cities and marched on President Michel Temer's São Paulo residence late last week amid the nation's first general strike in more than two decades. Unions called the strike to voice anger over Temer's efforts to push austerity measures through congress, bills that would weaken labor laws and trim a generous pension system. But Temer and members of his center-right government denounced the strike as a failure, and traders said on Tuesday the clashes are unlikely to stall proposed reforms. World No. 1 copper producer Chile's leading index posted its biggest daily rise in more than a month as miners tracked gains in the price of the metal. Expectations that the U.S. Federal Reserve will hold interest rates steady on Wednesday generally encouraged bets on emerging markets, said Gerardo Copca, an analyst with MetAnalisis. In Mexico, the IPC stock index rose 0.66 percent on surging shares of airport operators Asur and GAP after they both posted strong first-quarter results. Many companies that missed expectations in the first quarter because of fewer calendar days are expected to make up for it in the second quarter, when the Holy Week holiday falls this year, potentially helping companies that rely on consumer demand. Latin American markets on Tuesday also adjusted to trades made in New York on Monday, when local bourses were closed for International Workers' Day. Local currencies seesawed on Tuesday, with the real ending the day 0.68 percent higher. Economists expect the Fed to hint that it could tighten monetary policy in June, according to a Reuters poll of economists, which could make local currencies less attractive. Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 2000 GMT: Stock indexes daily % YTD % change change The Latest MSCI Emerging Markets 988.19 0.86 14.6 MSCI LatAm 2662.32 1.67 13.74 Brazil Bovespa 66721.75 2.02 10.78 Mexico IPC 49588.84 0.66 8.65 Chile IPSA 4878.12 1.73 17.51 Chile IGPA 24466.31 1.57 18.00 Argentina MerVal 21157.45 0.65 25.06 Colombia IGBC 10210.63 0.12 0.81 Venezuela IBC 57682.34 -0.02 81.93 Currencies daily % YTD % change change The Latest Brazil real 3.1534 0.68 3.16 Mexico peso 18.763 -0.18 9.55 Chile peso 668.2 -0.23 0.00 Colombia peso 2945.45 -0.19 1.90 Peru sol 3.239 0.12 3.47 Argentina peso (interbank) 15.295 0.62 3.65 Argentina peso (parallel) 15.92 0.13 5.35 (Reporting by Mitra Taj and Noe Torres; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Leslie Adler)
LOS ANGELES Actor Chris Evans, known for playing superheroes Captain America and The Human Torch, takes on a different kind of role in his latest film "Gifted", and spoke about being a celebrity in the digital age while promoting the film.
Evans, who got into an argument on Twitter with right-wing activist and former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke earlier this year, explained that the heightened scrutiny people in the public eye experience causes them to be more cautious about what they say.
He felt differently, saying, "If you do or say something, it's very easy to take little snippets of that and blast that out there without knowing the whole story, so it enables a lot of people to misbehave".
"As a result, people at the center of it - the actors and the people being watched - have to be a little more mindful, which I think at times can cause them to be a little bit more taciturn, which is in my opinion a bit of a shame."
In the film "Gifted", Evans plays Frank, a man raising his niece after his sister commits suicide. Her class teacher at the local school realizes she is gifted, and wants to have her sent to a special school.
While Frank rejects the offers, the arrival of his mother complicates matters.
"Gifted" goes on release on April 7.
(Reporting by Reuters Television, Writing by Karishma Singh; Editing by Michael Perry)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said on Sunday that any woman who has felt violated or mistreated by a man has every right to speak up, even if she is accusing President Donald Trump.
“Women who accuse anyone should be heard,” Haley said on CBS's “Face the Nation.” “They should be heard, and they should be dealt with.”
Washington has been roiled by sexual misconduct scandals, with accusations leading to the resignations last week of three members of Congress.
The growing wave of women reporting abuse or misconduct has brought down powerful men, from movie producer Harvey Weinstein to popular television personality Matt Lauer.
Haley, discussing that cultural shift, applauded the women who have come forward: “I‘m proud of their strength. I‘m proud of their courage.”
Asked how people should assess the accusers of the president, Haley said, it was “the same thing.”
More than 10 women have accused Trump of sexual misconduct before he was president. While filming a segment of the television programme “Access Hollywood,” he talked about kissing and groping women.
FILE PHOTO: U.S. Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley (L) and U.S. President Donald Trump participate in a session on reforming the United Nations at UN Headquarters in New York, U.S., September 18, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File Photo
Trump has denied the misconduct allegations, although he apologised for his comments, which he called “locker room” talk.
White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said on Thursday that sexual harassment allegations against Trump were addressed by the American people when they voted him into office in November 2016.
U.S. President Donald Trump steps from Air Force One as he arrives in West Palm Beach, Florida,U.S, December 9, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
Asked whether Trump's election settled the matter, Haley said: “That's for the people to decide. I know that he was elected, but women should always feel comfortable coming forward, and we should all be willing to listen to them.”
On Tuesday, voters in the heavily Republican state of Alabama will cast their ballots in a race involving Republican Roy Moore, a former state judge, and Democrat Doug Jones, a former U.S. attorney.
Moore has been accused of sexual misconduct toward women when they were teenagers and he was in his 30s. One woman said he tried to initiate sexual contact with her when she was 14.
Reuters has not independently verified the accusations, which Moore, a conservative Christian, has denied.
Many Republicans, including Alabama's senior U.S. senator, Richard Shelby, have distanced themselves from Moore. But Trump has endorsed him, saying he wants to see the Senate seat stay in Republicans' hands.
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite him from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Yannick Bollore, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Havas poses during an interview with Reuters during the Cannes Lions Festival in Cannes, France, June 23, 2016. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
PARIS French advertising group Havas (HAVA.PA) has signed a joint venture agreement with Guangdong Advertising Group as part of its moves to expand in the fast-growing Chinese market.
Havas, which competes with bigger rivals such as WPP (WPP.L), Publicis (PUBP.PA) and Omnicom (OMC.N), said it would own 51 percent of the new Havas GIMC Advertising Company that will be created out of the joint venture deal.
"This move represents a major step in the Havas Group's expansion in China. The Chinese market is one of thefastest growing markets in the world and is now second in terms of ad spending which offers outstanding opportunities for brands," Havas Group chief executive Yannick Bollore said in a statement.
(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Sarah White)
DUBAI, March 28 Middle Eastern online retailer Souq.com will make an announcement later on Tuesday about Amazon.com Inc's bid to buy 100 percent of the company from its shareholders, two sources familiar with the deal told Reuters.
One of the sources, declining to be identified ahead of the announcement, said the statement would say that Souq.com's shareholders had accepted the bid.
Souq.com declined to commemt. Amazon officials could not immediately be reached for comment.
Dubai's Emaar Malls, operator of some of the region's most glitzy shopping malls, said on Monday it had made an $800 million offer for Souq.com. Sources said that bid was higher than what Amazon had offered. (Reporting by Hadeel Al Sayegh and Alex Cornwell; Writing by Saeed Azhar; Editing by Andrew Torchia)
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, she said on Wednesday.
An Olympic champion presented awards to the winners of a national junior swimming competition at Corby Pool.
World breaststroke champion Adam Peaty MBE attended the grand final of the arena Junior Inter-League, which is the top junior league swimming event for children aged nine to 12.
The league is made up of 11 leagues across the country, bringing thousands of young swimmers together over a series of three rounds with the ultimate aim to qualify for the annual grand final.
The arena Junior Inter-League is a well-established competition on the swimming calendar, having started back in 1979, and has seen a number of future Olympians take part.
Mr Peaty said: “I love attending events like these as this is where it all started for me.
“It's so important to support and inspire the next generation of swimmers as they push their minds and bodies to the next levels to achieve their own swimming dreams.”
Corby Council's lead member for community, Cllr John McGhee, said: “To be able to hold this kind of event and welcome Olympic Champions such as Adam Peaty is amazing and the reason that we took the decision to build a 50m pool. Welcoming this calibre of visitor and seeing how busy the pool is day to day is clear evidence that this was the right decision.
“We would like to thank Adam for his visit - I'm sure it has been a real inspiration to all of the young swimmers that took part.
“Also huge congratulations to everyone that took part in the event and who organised it so well, we look forward to welcoming you all back to Corby East Midlands International Pool soon.”
April 12 Delta Air Lines Inc on Wednesday reported a 36.3 percent decline in quarterly profit and forecast passenger unit revenue, a closely watched metric, to increase 1-3 percent in the second quarter.
The company's net income fell to $603 million, or 82 cents per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, from $946 million, or $1.21 per share, a year earlier.
On an adjusted basis, the No. 2 U.S. airline by passenger traffic earned 77 cents per share.
Total operating revenue fell 1.1 percent to $9.15 billion.
Delta said its passenger unit revenue - which compares sales with flight capacity - dropped 0.5 percent. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
March 30 Feelingk CO Ltd :
* Says its previously announced 7.3 million common shares have been subscribed on March 30
* Says it has raised 22.30 billion won in total
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/3mFkdq
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
(Adds quote, detail)
By Christian Shepherd
BEIJING, April 10 China and Myanmar have reached an agreement on an oil pipeline between the neighbouring countries after almost a decade of talks, with the project due to start "very quickly", Chinese vice foreign minister Liu Zhenmin said on Monday.
The new oil gateway fits with China's "One Belt, One Road" ambitions, linking it with central Asia and Europe, and will provide a more direct alternative route to sending Middle Eastern oil via the crowded Malacca Straits and Singapore.
Liu's remarks, at the end of a visit by Myanmar President Htin Kyaw, mark the official launch of the 770-km (480-mile) pipeline, which Beijing regards as essential to securing its oil needs.
Dogged by sensitive relations between Naypyitaw and Beijing, the $1.5 billion pipeline has been sitting empty for two years.
The first tanker carrying oil to Myanmar for delivery to China was expected on April 8, however a Myanmar government official told Reuters the ship may not have the official go-ahead to enter Myanmar.
It was unclear whether the ship had delivered its cargo.
"The oil pipeline will very quickly begin operation," said Liu.
An agreement between China's PetroChina and Myanmar's government will allow the state energy giant to import overseas oil via the Bay of Bengal and pump it through the pipeline to supply a new 260,000-barrels-per-day (bpd) refinery in landlocked Yunnan province.
The announcement wraps up Myanmar President Htin Kyaw's six-day state visit to China, the first since he was elected, where he met President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Li Keqiang, as well as visiting a number of Chinese cities including Shanghai and southwestern Chengdu.
When asked if the two sides also discussed the Myitsone dam, work on which has been suspended since 2011, Liu said that China and Myanmar had basically reached an agreement.
"(We should) move towards an appropriate solution that is advantageous for the development of bilateral relations and realizes win-win benefits for both sides," he said.
China has shifted its position in the dispute over the building of the $3.6 billion dam, sources told Reuters earlier, signalling its willingness to abandon the project in exchange for other economic and strategic opportunities in Myanmar.
The two sides also agreed to work together to better manage security in northern Myanmar, saying that the conflict was an issue for both countries.
Fighting last month in Myanmar pushed thousands of people into China to seek refuge, prompting Beijing to call for a ceasefire between ethnic militias and the security forces. (Reporting by Christian Shepherd. Writing by Dominique Patton. Editing by Nick Macfie)
Aluminium Alloy Market by Heat Sensitivity Type (Heat Treatable Alloys, Non Heat-Treatable Alloys) Design Type(2000 Series, 6000 Series, 7000 Series, 3000 Series, 4000 Series, 5000 Series) by Application /End User (Electrical Application, Food Packaging, Truck and Marine Frames, Aircraft Industry, Structural and Automotive, Architectural) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends and Forecast 2018–2026.
This report studies the Aluminium Alloy Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Aluminium Alloy Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Aluminium Alloy (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Aluminium Alloy Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/aluminium-alloy-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Aluminium Alloy Market: Heat Sensitivity Type
• Heat Treatable Alloys
• Non Heat-Treatable Alloys
Aluminium Alloy Market: Design Type
• 2000 Series,
• 6000 Series
• 7000 Series
• 3000 Series
• 4000 Series
• 5000 Series
Design Type(2000 Series, 6000 Series, 7000 Series, 3000 Series, 4000 Series, 5000 Series)
Aluminium Alloy Market : Application
• Electrical Application
• Food Packaging
• Truck and Marine Frames
• Aircraft Industry
• Structural and Automotive Application
• Architectural Application
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/aluminium-alloy-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union.
That's according to two people familiar with the plans who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations. The people say the administration's plans could change if the two sides are able to reach a last-minute agreement, but an announcement is expected before Friday's deadline.
President Donald Trump announced in March he would slap a 25 percent tariff on imported steel, and a 10 percent tariff on imported aluminum, citing national security interests.
But he delayed the implementation for several countries, including the European Union, giving them time to negotiate a deal.
Advertisement
The EU has said it will retaliate if the exemptions lapse.
May 2 Makemytrip Ltd
* Makemytrip Limited announces $330 million equity financing
* Makemytrip Ltd - company will issue 4.6 million ordinary shares in aggregate to investors at a price of $36 per ordinary share
* Makemytrip Ltd - proceeds from transactions will be used to fund business expansion, strategic investments, technology, product development, marketing, promotions
* Makemytrip Ltd - Makemytrip also entered into share purchase agreements with MIH for 3.7 million class B shares at a price of $36 per class B share
* Makemytrip - also entered into share purchase agreement with ctrip.com international where co will issue 916,666 shares to Ctrip at $36/ordinary share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
BRATISLAVA, April 5 Here are news stories, press reports and events to watch which may affect Slovak financial markets on Wednesday. ALL TIMES GMT (Slovak Republic: GMT + 1 hour) =========================ECONOMIC DATA======================== Real-time economic data releases.................. Summary of economic data and forecasts......... Recently released economic data................ Previous stories on Slovak data.......... **For a schedule of corporate and economic events: here#/1C/events-overview ===========================EVENTS=============================== BRATISLAVA - Parliament is expected to cancel amnesties granted by former Prime Minister Vladimir Meciar to his secret service chief and 12 others for the 1995 kidnapping of the then-president's son. Story: Related stories: ============================NEWS================================ BOND AUCTIONS: Slovakia will offer two bonds due in 2026 and 2031 in auctions on April 18, the country's debt management agency Ardal said on Tuesday. Story: Related stories: ========================PRESS DIGEST============================ PEUGEOT CITROEN: France's carmaker PSA Peugeot Citroen has asked the Slovak government for a tax break worth 19 million euros($20.27 million) as it plans to invest 165 million euros to expand its Slovak factory and hire 420 new workers, the company said. (Reuters has not verified the stories, nor does it vouch for their accuracy.) For real-time stock market index quotes click in brackets: Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX Main currency report TOP NEWS -- Emerging markets News editor of the day: Jan Lopatka on +420 224 190 474 E-mail: prague.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com ($1 = 0.9372 euros) (Reporting by Prague Newsroom)
Skipper Alex Wakely says excitement levels are high as Northants prepare for their Vitality Blast opener against Leicestershire Foxes on Wednesday evening (start time 6.30pm).
The Steelbacks will look to get off to a flying start on home soil.
But Leicestershire will provide a stern test, having won at the County Ground in the Royal London One-Day Cup this season and in the T20 tournament last year.
Wakely and Co can't wait to get started as they look to take the confidence gained from back-to-back Championship wins into the shorter format of the game.
“It's an exciting time for everyone,” Wakely said.
“It's a chance to get in the nets and start smacking balls around - there's a different excitement around the place and people come in with a different enthusiasm.
“The grind of four-day cricket is behind us for a bit and we've had a couple of good wins so confidence is high and we're looking forward to getting going with the T20.”
The Steelbacks have enjoyed several days' preparation ahead of their opening T20 game.
They played two practice matches against Warwickshire on Monday and have a near fully fit squad to choose from, aside from RIchard Gleeson, who is lacking match action.
“Last year was a shambles with the schedule and we were totally underprepared,” said Wakely.
“But this year is completely different and we've got a chance to get some proper practice in and some competitive cricket, so by the time the first ball comes down today we'll be fully prepared.
“I'm a massive believer in momentum the way our T20 is set up. I've been on both ends of it and it's tough to turn it around either way - when you're winning you turn up and just expect to win and when you're losing it's hard to get the practice in to really turn things round.
“So a good start is crucial for us - we haven't always done that over the past few years and we've had to claw it back so it would be nice to get some wins in early, get the confidence high with individuals putting in some match-winning performances.”
The matches come thick and fast with last season's champions Notts Outlaws coming to the County Ground on Friday before a trip to Old Trafford on Sunday in a replay of the 2015 final, that Lancashire Lightning won.
“I think we've got one of the best T20 sides in country on paper.” said Wakely. “Of course it doesn't mean anything unless you go out and perform but if you write a side down for us, we seem to have every base covered.
“Selection will be tough, some guys will have to miss out but that means we're in a good place and that's where we want to be. It hasn't always been that way, it's sometimes been an easy environment when guys know they're in the team with no one putting pressure on them whereas this year there's always going to be people wanting to play.
“And why wouldn't you want to play in T20? It's fun, it's exciting, it gets the crowds in and hopefully the town can get behind us.”
BRIEF-SORRENTO THERAPEUTICS ANNOUNCES DISMISSAL OF LAWSUITS
* SORRENTO THERAPEUTICS INC SAYS DISMISSAL OF ALL CLAIMS AGAINST SORRENTO AND ITS DIRECTORS CONTAINED IN LAWSUITS BROUGHT BY WILDCAT LIQUID ALPHA, LLC Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
DUBAI, April 10 DAMAC Properties, a United Arab Emirates real estate company, has set initial price guidance for its planned five-year dollar sukuk in the mid 6 percent area, a document from one of the banks leading the deal showed on Monday.
The Regulation S senior, unsecured Islamic bond will be of benchmark size, which usually means upwards of $500 million. The sukuk is expected to price on April 11, the document said.
DAMAC, the second-largest listed Dubai developer, is rated BB with a stable outlook by Standard & Poor's.
(Reporting by Davide Barbuscia, editing by Louise Heavens)
* ANZ H1 cash earnings rise 23 pct, below expectations
* Return on equity rises, net interest margin falls
* Housing lending growth to fall to 5 pct or lower: CEO (Recasts, updates with CEO comments)
By Jamie Freed
SYDNEY, May 2 Australia and New Zealand Banking Group expects regulations designed to cool Australia's overheating housing market to slow lending growth, heaping pressure on banks to cut costs, Chief Executive Shayne Elliott said on Tuesday.
Australia's third-biggest lender reported a 23 percent rise in first-half cash profit to $3.41 billion ($2.57 billion) for the first six months to March 31, missing expectations and triggering a 3 percent fall in the share price, its biggest one-day decline in nearly six months.
The outlook for Australian banks, which are highly reliant on mortgage loans, has dimmed after the Australian Prudential Regulatory Authority (APRA) on March 31 asked them to limit new interest-only lending to 30 percent of total new residential mortgage lending, from 40 percent.
Regulators are increasingly worried about a run-up in borrowing following years of investor-led house price growth in Sydney and Melbourne, at a time when household debt is already at record highs and wage growth is low.
Elliott said annual credit growth currently at about 6 percent, driven almost exclusively by housing loans, was not "desirable or sustainable" given wages were rising at just 2 percent.
“It is clear that the regulator, with the gap between wage growth and credit growth, is looking for actions to bring those two closer together," he said.
"Without clear indications of strong wage inflation, our risk appetite plus regulatory action will likely curtail medium-term credit growth to 5 percent and probably lower."
MESSY
ANZ's first-half profit was 3 percent below market expectations, hit by a 2-percent drop in net interest income, analysts said.
"There are a lot of lumpy items in this result. The key message was that underlying revenue was weak as the company strengthens its balance sheet," UBS analyst Jonathan Mott said.
ANZ's net interest margin fell to 2 percent from 2.06 percent at Sept. 30 due to higher wholesale funding costs and deposit competition, but recent increases in mortgage rates could be positive for margins in the second half, Elliott said.
Its first-half return on equity, typically lower than peers, rose to 11.8 percent, from 9.7 percent a year earlier, the first sizeable increase since 2010 as it cut costs and institutional lending to focus on the most profitable clients.
Like other Australian banks, ANZ has pushed up mortgage rates in response to regulatory action and cut costs, with staff numbers falling by more than 2,800 over the last year.
ANZ was the first of three of Australia's Big Four banks to report results for the half-year ended March 31 over the next week. It was expected to report the highest earnings growth of the group because it is in a major turnaround phase with bad debts falling and assets being sold.
ANZ kept its interim dividend steady at A$0.80 per share. Its Tier 1 capital ratio was at 10.1 percent as of March 31. ($1 = 1.3294 Australian dollars) (Reporting by Jamie Freed; additional reporting by Aparajita Saxena; Editing by Stephen Coates)
PACARAIMA, Brazil (AP) — Hungry and destitute, tens of thousands of victims of Venezuela's unrelenting political and economic crisis are trying their luck in Brazil — a country where they do not speak the language, conditions are often poor and there are few border towns to receive them.
Many arrive weak from hunger and with no money for a hotel, food or the $9 bus ride to Boa Vista, the capital of the Brazilian state of Roraima, known in Venezuelan circles as a place that offers three meals a day. In dozens of interviews over four days, many said they had not had more than one meal a day for the last year.
Some wore baggy clothes, had emaciated faces and complained of medical issues ranging from children with measles to diabetics with no insulin.
Kritce Montero tried to shush 6-month-old Hector, who cried from hunger even after breast-feeding while his family and several hundred other Venezuelans waited to be processed at the border.
Advertisement
Montero, who said she lost 57 pounds (26 kilograms) the last year from eating just one meal a day, traveled with Hector and her 7-year-old daughter 18 hours by bus from Maturin, a city in northeast Venezuela. After spending the night sleeping on the ground in Pacaraima, a dusty border town in the Amazon, they took another bus 130 miles (210 kilometers) to Boa Vista.
"We are desperate. We could no longer buy food," said 33-year-old Montero, adding it had been months since Hector had any formula or diapers.
While in recent years millions of Venezuelans have immigrated, until recently Brazil received relatively few of them. Hundreds of thousands have gone to Colombia, but authorities there and elsewhere in South America are tightening their borders.
Portuguese-speaking Brazil has become the latest alternative for Venezuelans. But they are not finding much comfort there.
On a recent day, Militza DonQuis, 38, sat under a tree on the side of the main road in Pacaraima. In the two months since she and her husband arrived from Puerto Cabello, they have not been able to find work. With no money, they can't take the bus to Boa Vista, so they sleep on the ground and scrounge for food during the day.
"This is horrible," said DonQuis through tears, adding that in two months she had been unable to send money home to her children, ages 12 and 14, who she left with a sister.
With no money for a bus, Jose Guillen, 48, and wife July Bascelta, 44, decided to begin the journey to Boa Vista at night on foot, setting off with 9-year-old twins Angel and Ashley along a road surrounded by forest.
"God will provide," said Guillen when asked how the family would eat during a trip that can take five days.
After walking 4 miles (6 kilometers), a Brazilian driver stopped agreed to give them a lift to Boa Vista, where the situation is arguably more desperate. Thousands of Venezuelans are living in the streets. They sleep in tents and on benches in central squares, have taken over abandoned buildings and cram dozens of people into small apartments.
The largest of three shelters in the city, Tancredo, has 700 people despite being equipped for 200. Half-naked children roam the former gymnasium while groups of men and women chat about their hopes for finding work and worry about the families they left in Venezuela.
Charlie Ivan Delgado, 30, said he came to Brazil several months ago with hopes of earning enough money so he and his high school sweetheart could finally afford a wedding. But each time he called home to El Tigre, he would hear the situation was getting worse, that their three children, ages 9, 5 and 1, were always hungry. So he decided to abandon wedding plans and bring his family.
"Kids in Venezuela today don't think about playing with their friends or what they might study" in the university, said Delgado, sitting with his children and partner in a tent. "It's more, 'What am I going to eat today?"
While the shelter offers three meals a day, the family's prospects are bleak.
The soccer referee has only been able to officiate a handful of games in rural areas outside Boa Vista, the kids are not in school and it's hard to imagine how the family might leave the shelter.
"It's like Tarzan being in New York," said Delgado.
Brazilian authorities estimate 40,000 Venezuelans are living in Boa Vista, accounting for over 12 percent of the population in a city that was already poor and unable to offer many opportunities to its residents.
Most have arrived in the last several months, putting intense pressure on the public health system, the jails and volunteer organizations and churches that are carrying the largest burden when it comes to keeping Venezuelans fed.
Police say Venezuelans are sometimes working for as little as $7 a day in everything from construction to yard work, putting downward pressure on wages. For many, even offering to work for less isn't enough: Several interviewed said many employers have told them flat out they won't hire Venezuelans.
Milene da Souza, one of a group of volunteers who periodically serve food, said many Brazilians were increasingly angry at the situation.
"Brazil has many of its own problems," she said. "Roraima has its own problems."
Last month, fears of a backlash intensified when an arsonist set fire to two Boa Vista houses filled with Venezuelan immigrants, injuring dozens, several severely. A man originally from neighboring Guiana has been arrested, and police have said he was motivated by anger at Venezuelans in the city.
On the Plaza Simon Bolivar, named after the South American independence leader who was the inspiration for late Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez' "socialist revolution," throngs are camping in tents or simply sleeping on the grass. When trucks pull up with food, hundreds run toward them, elbowing each other in a mad scramble to get a meal before they run out. Tempers flare as men accuse women and children of using their advantage to get extra portions.
Roraima's governor has declared a state of emergency to free up funds for overwhelmed public hospitals, where health officials estimate that 8 in 10 patients are Venezuelan. Last month, President Michel Temer canceled activities during Carnival to make an emergency trip to Boa Vista.
But residents say the federal government's plans, which include building a field hospital in Pacaraima and relocating a few thousand immigrants to bigger cities, are not enough. Between Jan. 1 and March 7 of this year, 27,755 Venezuelans crossed into Brazil from Pacaraima. Authorities estimate at least 80,000 are currently in Brazil, most of them in Roraima state.
Brazil, Latin America's largest nation, has one of the region's most inclusive immigration policies. Venezuelans are allowed to enter with just a national identification card, a lifeline for many who say that getting a passport in Venezuela has become impossible. Many immigrants who don't have identification cards but can show a birth certificate are allowed in if they request and are granted refugee status.
Being designated "refugees" can be problematic because such immigrants can't return to Venezuela; President Nicolas Maduro has called them "traitors" of the state.
Many say that as long as Maduro is in power they have no reason to return.
Despite skyrocketing inflation and a collapse of many businesses, Maduro has refused to allow humanitarian aid to enter Venezuela. He denies there is a crisis and says international relief would lead to foreign intervention.
"Maduro's solution is that we just eat each other," said Diana Merida sarcastically while washing her clothes in a Boa Vista river. The 34-year-old from Maturin said she recently sent $3 home to her 16-year-old daughter and 11-year-old son, which would allow them to buy some rice.
While it took her three days of selling coffee to earn that, it was more than she could earn in a month as a saleswoman in a clothes store back home.
On the Plaza Simon Bolivar, Kritce Montero sits with baby Hector, who now has on a diaper and has spent the last two days gobbling up formula, all donated by volunteers.
It's been two days since the family crossed the border in Pacaraima. The first night they slept under a tree in the plaza, but then the second night somebody offered them a tent because of the baby.
"At least here, I'm able to feed my kids," said Montero. "Even if I'm living under a bridge, I would feel OK if my kids have food."
____
Follow Peter Prengaman: twitter.com/peterprengaman
Following are news stories, press reports and events to watch that may affect Poland's financial markets on Wednesday. ALL TIMES GMT (Poland: GMT + 2 hours):
INTEREST RATE DECISION
The central bank is expected to publish its monthly interest rate decision on Wednesday.
DINO IPO-DIN.WA
Polish retail chain Dino Polska has priced its initial public offering (IPO) at 34.5 zlotys per share for institutions and 33.5 zlotys for individual investors, the company said on Wednesday.
GRUPA AZOTY PULAWY,
Pulawy, a unit of state-run chemicals group Azoty, has decided to build a 90-100 MW coal-burning power plant unit instead of 400 MW gas-fuelled unit which had been planned earlier, Puls Biznesu daily said.
ORANGE,
Orange' Polish unit will look at the progress of its investment plan at the end of this year and then decide on whether to pay out a dividend for 2017 or not, Rzeczpospolita daily quoted France's Orange CEO as saying.
****Reuters has not verified stories reported by Polish media and does not vouch for their accuracy.****
For other related news, double-click on: Polish equities E.Europe equities Polish money Polish debt Eastern Europe All emerging markets Hot stocks Stock markets Market debt news Forex news For real-time index quotes, double-click on: Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX (Reporting by Warsaw Bureau)
ROCK SPRINGS– Rock Springs High School head girls soccer coach Stephen Pyer was honored with the Coach of the Year award for the 2018 soccer season.
This is the second time in three years that Pyer has received this honor. He was first honored in 2016.
“I'm proud of my players, assistants, the parents, and everyone else that helps with the program. Everyone together made this team work,” Pyer said.
The Lady Tigers' Season
The Lady Tigers wrapped up their season with a fifth-place finish at the 4A Wyoming High School State Tournament. The girls beat Jackson 2-0 in the consolation championship to claim the first state trophy ever for the RSHS girls soccer program.
Coach Pyer's goal going into the state tournament was to come away with a first place trophy, but he also wanted to “prove to the state that Rock Springs Lady Tigers are an elite team in 4A soccer”.
“After our results, I'm so proud that this group of girls were able to fight back and get two more wins after a mentally hard loss first round,” Pyer said.
Rock Springs High School
sports coverage is brought to you by these amazing sponsors:
The Lady Tigers dropped their first game of the state tournament to Campbell County in a 4-1 loss before going on to win their final two games.
The girls soccer team was also the 4A West conference champions this season. They finished the season with a 9-0-1 conference record and a 17-2-1 overall record.
“This season has been amazing,” Pyer said. “Not only our success, but how much fun these girls are to coach. They make the season fun and worth all my time and effort I put into the program.”
Pyer Gives Credit to His Team
Pyer puts a lot of time and effort into the RSHS girls soccer program, but he gives credit for the team's success to the athletes.
“The reason I have won this award twice is credited to my girls I coach,” Pyer said. “All of the off-season commitment, practices, tournaments, camps, and just straight love for the game makes my job easy.
“These girls have had tremendous coaches in their developmental leagues and have a strong passion for the game of soccer.”
Pyer is proud of the RSHS girls soccer program and their accomplishments, and looks forward to the many more seasons to come.
The body of a man reported missing on Saturday has been recovered from the River Lagan in Belfast.
Robert McIvor was last seen in the Joy Street area of the city.
Police confirmed that the body of the 34-year-old was pulled from the river on Monday (March 19)
A PSNI spokeswoman said: “The death is not being treated as suspicious at this time and our thoughts are with the family at this difficult time.”
ROCK SPRINGS — The Rock Springs Main Street/URA is pleased to announce their September Volunteers of the Month – the staff from Rocky Mountain National Bank.
Rocky Mountain Bank has been the presenting sponsor of the Sweetwater Blues n' Brews event for the past several years. In addition to their cash sponsorship, the staff from the bank spends the entire day at the event, volunteering to check ID's and wristband those over 21. Their time equates to over 50 hours for the day alone! Those volunteering include Courtney McCauley, Karrie Savala, Suzette Williams, Tina Shalata, and Jennifer Hardman.
According to Suzette Williams, VP Market Manager for Rocky Mountain Bank, “Being a small community bank, we like to be as involved as we can in the community, this is very important to us all here at Rocky Mountain Bank.”
The Rock Springs Main Street/URA is charged with the redevelopment of Downtown Rock Springs. For more information contact the Rock Springs Main Street/URA at 307-352-1434 or visit their website at DowntownRS.com.
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
March 29 Frontier Communications Corp
* Frontier Communications Corp - co amended its credit agreement, dated as of June 2, 2014 - SEC filing
* Frontier Communications Corp - amendments provide interest rate margins under each of these facilities will range from 0.875%-3.875% for base rate borrowings
* Frontier Communications Corp - amendments provide interest rate margins under each of these facilities will range from 1.875%-4.875% for LIBOR borrowings Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 13 ANOTO AB
* NAMES TRATA AS ITS MASTER DISTRIBUTOR IN INDIA WITH A THREE-YEAR TERM THAT IS RENEWABLE WITH ORDERS FOR AT LEAST 1 MILLION SMARTPENS
* TRATA HAS RIGHT TO EXTEND FOR AN ADDITIONAL THREE YEARS IF THEY ORDER AT LEAST 1 MILLION PENS IN INITIAL PERIOD
* ESTIMATED TRANSACTION VALUE APPROACHES USD 100 MILLION OVER THREE YEARS Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Feb 2(Reuters) - We&Win Diversification Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to sell land and building worth T$2.5 million
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/ja51Vr
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
March 28 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
- Uber Technologies Inc is putting its autonomous vehicles back on city streets after an accident involving one of them in Tempe, Arizona, on Friday prompted the company to halt its test program. on.wsj.com/2nZdnog
- The European Union's competition watchdog on Monday cleared Dow Chemical Co and DuPont Co's merger and is expected soon to approve ChemChina's takeover of Syngenta AG, decisions that will consolidate the agrochemical market just as Bayer AG and Monsanto Co gear up to notify EU regulators on their deal. on.wsj.com/2n9bjp1
- Jim Gianopulos, the long-time head of Twentieth Century Fox, has been tapped to turn around Viacom Inc's troubled movie studio. Gianopulos will become chairman and chief executive of Paramount Pictures beginning April 3, Viacom said Monday. on.wsj.com/2ntszsw
- Amazon.com Inc is facing a setback in its efforts to modernize brick-and-mortar retail as technical glitches delay the opening of its first cashierless convenience store. Amazon Go was due to open to the public by the end of this month, after launching in beta mode to employees in December, according to people familiar with the matter. on.wsj.com/2n9pUBD
- The founder and chief executive of Tesla Inc and Space Exploration Technologies Corp has launched another company called Neuralink Corp, according to people familiar with the matter. Neuralink is pursuing what Musk calls "neural lace" technology, implanting tiny brain electrodes that may one day upload and download thoughts. on.wsj.com/2naUATf (Compiled by Rama Venkat Raman in Bengaluru)
May 3 Ion Geophysical Corp
* Ion reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 loss per share $1.98
* Q1 revenue rose 44 percent to $32.6 million
* Q1 adjusted loss per share $1.55 excluding items
* Ion Geophysical Corp - regarding patent litigation with Westerngeco, district court recently indicated in ruling from bench that co will be ordered to pay additional $5 million
* Ion Geophysical Corp - "continue to believe 2017 will deliver a modest improvement over 2016 as market recovers" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ST. CLOUD -- The Granite City Gearheads, a local robotics team, is heading to Detroit, Michigan to compete against almost 1,400 other teams in the world championship.
They're a FIRST robotics team, which stands for; For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology, a non-profit that tries to get kids into STEM fields.
To get to the world championship in Detroit, they beat out several other teams in the recent regional competition. They're an 8th seed, which means they became "Alliance Captains", and chose two other teams to bring with them to the championship.
Corey Applegate is the team's coach, he says the teams only competed for a short time, but it's very exciting.
"[The competition] is back and forth and a lot like a teeter-totter. You don't really know who's going to when because of power-ups and who can climb and who can't climb. It's a very exciting two and a half minutes."
He adds the crowd gets into these competitions in a big way.
"It's not unlike a baseball game or football game. The crowd gets really into it, and it's very intense."
In a twist from other sports, Applegate says there's a lot of collaboration between teams in the FIRST robotics realm.
"We will meet with other teams and collaborate with them, saying, we're struggling with this particular element, kind of at a brain loss, and they'll come in and help with that part, and vice-versa."
The competitions this year are themed around old 8-bit arcade games. Teams had to collect "power-up" cubes and stack them on scales and switches to score points. The points were based on time, the longer a cube stayed, the more points the team earned.
(Adds analyst comment, Fed minutes, updates prices)
* U.S. ADP report shows job gains in March
* Investor anxiety lingers ahead of Trump-Xi meeting
* Shrinking Fed balance sheet this year warranted -minutes
By Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss
NEW YORK, April 5 The U.S. dollar gained against the yen on Wednesday for the first time in four days after a report showed U.S. private sector employers created more jobs than expected in March, suggesting a generally stable labor market.
Capital Economics U.S. economist Andrew Hunter said the jobs survey was clearly another indication that, despite the apparent slowdown in economic growth in the first quarter, labor market conditions have remained unusually strong.
The greenback also rose against the euro and Swiss franc while trimming losses against the pound after the employment data.
The U.S. currency, meanwhile, held gains after minutes of the latest Federal Open Market Committee meeting last month indicated that Fed policymakers think the central bank should take steps to begin trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year as long as the economic data holds up.
"The release of the minutes from the March FOMC meeting provided a dose of hawkish rhetoric following what has been mostly perceived as a dovish hike from the March 15th meeting," said Marvin Loh, senior global markets strategist, at BNY Mellon in Boston.
He added that the discussion of eventual reduction in the Fed portfolio was a bit of a surprise for the market.
During the Fed's five years of quantitative easing, the Fed has purchased $2.46 trillion in Treasury notes and bonds and $1.75 trillion in mortgage backed securities. As these securities mature, the Fed buys similar securities as a replacement to keep the balance sheet from shrinking.
Early gains in the dollar kicked off after data showed U.S. private employers added 263,000 jobs in March, more than their hirings in February and well above economists' expectations, a report by a payroll processor showed on Wednesday.
Economists surveyed by Reuters had forecast the ADP National Employment Report to show a gain of 187,000 jobs, with estimates ranging from 110,000 to 225,000.
Before the data's release, the market has been rattled by political tension arising from an upcoming meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping.
Trump's consistently harsh rhetoric on China has raised concerns about Thursday's summit, as has speculation that the U.S. president will face challenges implementing his promised growth-boosting policies after his administration failed to pass a healthcare overhaul.
In late trading, the dollar rose 0.2 percent to 111.39 yen .
The dollar index, which tracks the U.S. currency against a basket of six peers, was flat at 100.54. The euro was slightly lower at $1.0667.
(Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Although the Philippine maritime industry has a lot of potential for growth, stakeholders agree that the its biggest challenges lie in the people's mindsets, the way they perform their duties, in infrastructure, and the policies that regulate activities within the industry.
Advertisements
Because of the country's strategic geographic location, the Philippine economy has large growth potentials and opportunities in shipping/liners (both domestic and international); ship building and ship repair; maritime tourism, fishing; and other marine-related industries, which create jobs and generate employment. This is in addition to the world-class quality of marine power it produces, which in turn results in around 700,000 Filipinos actively pursuing seafaring jobs and professions all over the world. They contribute to the economy by sending back home billions of remittances annually.
Despite these opportunities, there are still many areas for improvement. The industry faces great challenges that hinder it from becoming competitive and at least at par with its neighbors in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean). Some of these issues are graft and corruption, bureaucratic delays, incompetence, obsolescence, lack of policies, lack of infrastructure, and others. These problems must be properly addressed and resolved in order for the country to successfully see progress and development through it.
Being one of the world's largest archipelago, with more than 7,000 islands and more than 36,000 kilometers of coastline, the Philippines can become a major maritime country. With good governance, sufficient funds and productive use of available resources, the Philippine maritime industry can positively contribute to the achievement of the zero to 10-point national agenda of the current administration. These include inclusive growth and socio-economic development, as outlined under the Philippine Development Plan 2017-2022 of the National Economic Development Authority (NEDA). This medium-term development plan is further geared toward AmBisyon Natin 2040, which articulates the Filipino people's collective vision of a “Matatag, maginhawa at panatag na buhay para sa lahat.”
It also accounts for the Philippines' commitment to the new 17 social development goals (SDG) by 2030, adopted by United Nations member-nations during their General Assembly in 2015.
The eradication of poverty still tops the list of SDGs, clearly an unmet goal from the 2015 eight millennium development goals (MDGs). The mission of contributing to the alleviation of poverty and ultimately improving the socio-economic condition of millions of Filipino people is a tall order but not an impossible feat.
According to Marcial Amaro 3rd, the Maritime Industry Authority's (MARINA) current administrator, the agency has prepared a 10-year Maritime Industry Development Program (MIDP 2018-2028), which contains rational and integrated development initiatives for the industry. It banners a societal goal of inclusive socio-economic development through the Philippine maritime industry. This goal is anchored on three key national perspectives: maritime advocacy; maritime strategy; and maritime agenda. Its activities for the next ten years will focus on the development of the following sectors: maritime administration; domestic shipping; overseas shipping; maritime manpower; ship building; ship repair; and ship breaking and fishing.
Amaro said the MIDP, which they expect to be approved by President Rodrigo Duterte within the year and rolled out in 2018, will help put Marina in the right strategic direction so that they can successfully advocate for enabling policies, push for appropriate reforms, and promote harmonious and productive inter-agency and multi-sectoral cooperation and coordination that will exponentially boost the socio-economic potential and business opportunities in the industry.
He said the task of transforming MARINA and the mindsets of the people and institutions with which it conducts its business and delivers its services are among the most formidable challenges that the agency faces. “You cannot make changes overnight when stakeholders are so used to the old and traditional, yet ineffective and sometimes corrupt systems that can cast doubt to the sincerity of the agency,” he said. “One cannot teach what one does not know.”
Investment in human resources
To address the issue on competency and achieve organizational excellence, one of MARINA's priority tasks within the MIDP framework is to invest in its most important assets—its human resources —through capacity building and continuous training activities and programs.
“Once the public is able to acknowledge that we are doing our job effectively and efficiently, we would earn their trust thereby the integrity of MARINA and those behind it will be upheld,” Amaro said.
Incidentally, MARINA's approved budget under the General Appropriations Act for 2018 amounts to P969.37 million, up by 20 percent from its P801 million 2017 budget. There are also other efforts and initiatives that come from the private sector -on maritime concerns, particularly in the shipping industry.
The Mindanao Chapter of the Philippine Chamber of Commerce and Industry (PCCI) recently held the Mindanao Business Conference 2017 from September 7 to 9. One of its outputs is a list of policy recommendations, which was submitted to President Duterte, also in attendance at the event. Foremost in the list of resolutions provided by the Secretariat of the Oro Chamber Business Development Center, which hosted the three-day event, is the request that urges the Department of Transportation and the Philippine Ports Authority to rehabilitate, expand, and upgrade the Philippine ports to international standards to ensure full implementation of the Foreign Shipping Co-Loading Act of 2015 or Republic Act 10668.
The active participation of business people in the swift and effective implementation of applicable policies and laws is worthy of commendation. This is in addition to the millions of investments poured in for the sector.
To successfully navigate the sea of challenges and achieve the desired goals and outcomes, stakeholders (the government, i.e., executive branch, legislators, policymakers, regulatory and oversight agencies, the investors and business people, the consumers and the general public) agree that they should be able to forge a unified and harmonious relationship, measured not only by increased business and profit but also by the moral principles that guide the undertaking of authorities' respective roles in the industry.
UPDATE 1-Daimler, Saudi's Kingdom Holding invest in ride-hailing firm Careem
DUBAI, June 15 Carmaker Daimler and Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holding, a firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, have taken part in an $150 million investment in Dubai-based ride-hailing firm Careem.
TAIPEI, April 28 Taiwan's economy grew 2.56 percent in the first quarter of 2017 from the same period a year earlier, preliminary data from the statistics agency showed on Friday. The result was better than an expansion of 2.45 percent forecast by economists in a Reuters po1ll. Q1 2017 Reuters poll Q4 2016 Q3 2016 GDP (y/y) +2.56 +2.45 +2.88 +2.12 GDP (SAAR) +2.93 +1.82 +3.99 The figures will be revised in about two to three weeks. A full table can be found at www.dgbas.gov.tw (Reporting by Jeanny Kao; Writing by Faith Hung; Editing by Kim Coghill)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
PRESS DIGEST-Canada - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
(Adds CNOOC declined to comment in 5th paragraph)
MELBOURNE, March 31 China's CNOOC Ltd has agreed to team up with Australian minnow FAR Ltd to look for oil and gas prospects in what is seen as a promising frontier off Senegal and Gambia over the next two years, FAR said on Friday.
FAR is already active in Senegal, where it is working with Woodside Petroleum and Cairn Energy to develop a deepwater oil field and this week bought an 80 percent stake in blocks off the Gambia, just south of the Senegal acreage, from U.S. firm Erin Energy Corp.
"The partnership and AMI (Area of Mutual Interest agreement) with CNOOC UK dramatically enhances FAR's ability to acquire new assets in our core strategic geographic area of expertise," FAR Managing Director Cath Norman said in a statement.
FAR plans to sell part of its 80 percent stake in the Gambian acreage over the next 18 months to help cover the $25 million to $30 million it will need to fund an exploration well there in late 2018, Norman said on the company's web site.
An external spokeswoman for CNOOC declined to comment.
(Reporting by Sonali Paul; Editing by Richard Pullin)
* Canadian dollar at C$1.3372, or 74.78 U.S. cents * Loonie touches its weakest since March 29 at C$1.3378 * Bond prices mixed across the yield curve TORONTO, April 3 The Canadian dollar weakened against its U.S. counterpart on Monday, surrendering most of last week's gains ahead of the release of a business outlook survey by the country's central bank. At 9:24 a.m. EDT (1324 GMT), the Canadian dollar traded at C$1.3372 to the greenback, or 74.78 U.S. cents, weaker than Friday's close of C$1.3299, or 75.19 U.S. cents. The currency's strongest level of the session was C$1.3295, while it touched its weakest since March 29 at C$1.3378. The loonie rose 0.6 percent last week as data showing robust domestic growth in January raised prospects of an earlier-than-expected Bank of Canada interest rate hike. The currency finished the first quarter with a 1 percent gain after rising more than 3 percent in 2016. Still, Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz reiterated the bank's dovish take on Canada's fourth-quarter economic growth in an interview published on Friday. At 10:30 EDT (1430 GMT), the central bank will release its business outlook report, which surveys about 100 companies for their expectations on sales, hiring and other factors influencing business decisions. The Bank of Canada's next interest rate decision and Monetary Policy Report are due on April 12. The U.S. dollar gained 0.2 percent against a basket of major currencies as markets eyed the U.S. nonfarm payrolls report due on Friday for clues on the likely pace of interest rate rises from the U.S. Federal Reserve. U.S. crude prices dipped 0.1 percent to $50.55 a barrel as upbeat economic data from Asia pointed to strong energy demand from the region, offsetting a rebound in Libyan oil production. Oil is one of Canada's major exports. Canadian government bond prices were mixed across the yield curve, with the two-year flat to yield 0.749 percent and the 10-year rising 10 Canadian cents to yield 1.612 percent. Canada's trade report for February is due on Tuesday, while the country's employment report for March is due on Friday. (Reporting by Fergal Smith; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
* Prague stocks buck CEE rise as Moneta trades ex-div * Daimler earnings, dollar retreat cause some improvement in mood * Geopolitical concerns may return * Hungarian bonds firm, still helped by Tuesday's CPI data * Croatian stocks fall further on worries over Agrokor group (Adds renewed plunge of Croatian assets) By Sandor Peto BUDAPEST, April 12 Central European currencies and some equities gained on Wednesday after geopolitical worries led investors to sell risky assets in recent weeks. A surge in the profit of German automaker Daimler , which has a big Mercedes-Benz production plant in Hungary, improved the mood across European stock markets, said Monika Kiss, an analyst at Equilor Brokerage in Budapest. The dollar, whose strength against the euro has also weighed on Central European currencies in recent weeks, has also retreated this week. "I would say one-off factors are causing today's relief rather than a sentiment change," Kiss said. Geopolitical risks could continue to cast a shadow on markets in the region and in the world, she said. A Budapest-based fixed income trader saw a slight improvement in risk sentiment and said worries have eased that France's far right may win the country's upcoming presidential election. "Remaining worries seem to have shifted towards others (emerging markets) ... while Central Europe looks a bit decoupled," the trader added. The forint strengthened by 0.2 percent against the euro by 1036 GMT, shrugging off a warning from the European Commission that Hungary risked being sued over a number of policies, including changes to higher education, non-governmental groups and asylum rules. The zloty and the Czech crown rose 0.1 percent. The crown reversed an early slide, a respite from increased volatility after the Czech central bank removed its cap on the currency value, 27 to the euro, a week ago. Prague's stock index fell 0.9 percent. Other regional stock indices mostly rose or were flat. The decline was down to one share, Moneta Bank, which fell 8.8 percent to its lowest since January as it traded ex-dividend. Zagreb stocks also bucked the trend, shedding 2.2 percent, after a 26 percent plunge by ice cream and frozen food maker Ledo. Ledo has lost more than three-fourth of its market capitalization since October because of troubles at its main owner, Agrokor group. Moody's downgraded Agrokor on Tuesday, saying that after its filing for restructuring under Croatian law a default became "highly likely". The kuna eased 0.1 percent to 7.439 against the euro. A rise in the stocks of OTP Bank and pharmaceuticals company Richter helped Budapest's index gain 0.7 percent. CEE SNAPS AT 1236 MARKETS HOT CET CURRENCIES Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e bid close chang in e 2017 Czech crown 26.63 26.66 +0.1 1.40% 50 10 0% Hungary 311.6 312.0 +0.1 -0.89 forint 000 650 5% % Polish 4.248 4.251 +0.0 3.66% zloty 6 5 7% Romanian 4.522 4.515 -0.16 0.28% leu 5 1 % Croatian 7.439 7.428 -0.14 1.56% kuna 0 5 % Serbian 123.7 123.7 +0.0 -0.32 dinar 500 550 0% % Note: daily calculate previ close 1800 change d from ous at CET STOCK S Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e close chang in e 2017 Prague 984.1 992.9 -0.89 +6.7 2 5 % 8% Budapest 32493 32199 +0.9 +1.5 .31 .15 1% 3% Warsaw 2216. 2221. -0.24 +13. 47 82 % 79% Bucharest 8224. 8200. +0.3 +16. 73 18 0% 09% Ljubljana 781.6 781.1 +0.0 +8.9 0 5 6% 2% Zagreb 1896. 1939. -2.24 -4.94 31 72 % % Belgrade 8 0 % 3% Sofia 658.2 656.4 +0.2 +12. 7 5 8% 25% BONDS Yield Yield Sprea Daily d (bid) chang vs chang e Bund e in Czech sprea Republic d 2-year 2 bps s 5-year bps s 10-year bps s Poland 2-year 3 bps 5-year bps s 10-year bps s FORWARD RATE AGREEMENT 3x6 6x9 9x12 3M inter bank Czech Rep < 0.3 0.34 0.44 0 PRIBOR=> Hungary < 0.21 0.26 0.34 0.16 BUBOR=> Poland < 1.75 1.771 1.808 1.73 WIBOR=> Note: FRA are for quotes ask prices ************************************************** ************ (Additional reporting by Jan Lopatka in Prague and Igor Ilic in Zagreb; Editing by Larry King)
March 30 Hilton Food Group Plc:
* FY revenue of 1.23 bln stg versus 1.09 bln stg year ago
* Recommended final dividend of 12.5 pence per ordinary share
* FY volume of 275,213 tonnes versus 256,218 year ago
* Says FY operating profit 34.3 mln stg versus 29.0 mln stg year ago
* Says Hilton's operating performance in early months of 2017 has been in line with board's expectations
* Says medium term outlook for hilton is positive with commencement of portugal joint venture company Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
South Korean Finance Minister Yoo Il-ho speaks during an interview in Manhattan, New York, U.S., January 11, 2017. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
SEOUL South Korea's finance minister said on Sunday the government was already working on downsizing its trade surplus with the United States, a reference to U.S. President Donald Trump's comments Thursday that Washington will renegotiate or scrap the free trade pact the two countries have.
Finance Minister Yoo Il-ho added in televised comments he did not expect the free trade agreement will be terminated. It has been in effect since 2012.
"If one party requests for the trade deal to be terminated, it can be ended six months following the request. But we don't feel that will happen yet," said Yoo.
"We feel that there will be talks in any form to renegotiate the terms and we are preparing for them."
Yoo reiterated his previous comments that Seoul has not yet received formal requests for talks to renegotiate the free trade deal from Washington yet. Trump's threat to terminate the trade pact in a Reuters interview sent South Korea's currency KRW= and shares .KS11 down on Friday.
(Reporting by Christine Kim and Se Young Lee; Editing by)
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
TAIPEI May 2 Taiwan stocks rose on Tuesday, with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co (TSMC) leading heavyweights higher as sentiment was boosted by rising optimism over the prospects of the technology industry and easing concerns over North Korea.
As of 0122 GMT, the main TAIEX index rose 0.7 percent to 9,942.14, on track towards the 10,000-point milestone, which would be its highest intraday level in two years.
The electronics subindex rose 1.0 percent, while the financials subindex gained 0.8 percent.
TSMC, the world's biggest contract chipmaker, jumped 2 percent.
Hon Hai Precision, a major supplier of Apple Inc iPhones, rose 1 percent. The company is planning a "capital-intensive" investment in the United States, Chairman Terry Gou said on Friday.
The Taiwan dollar firmed T$0.133 to T$30.085 per U.S. dollar.
(Reporting by Faith Hung; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath)
Britain's Babcock International Group Plc (BAB.L) said it was selected as a preferred bidder for a deal worth about 360 million pounds to provide support services to Royal Navy warships over seven years.
The engineering outsourcing firm will manage the technical configuration of systems for two classes of Royal Navy vessels, supply spares and provide in-service support, Babcock said.
Britain's outsourcing market, the second biggest in the world behind the United States, has been hit in recent months as clients in the private and public sectors delay new spending decisions. This has prompted profit warnings from Capita (CPI.L) and Mitie (MTO.L).
However, Babcock said last month that it expects to benefit from U.S. President Donald Trump's demand that NATO members spend more on defence.
"Winning all four parts of the MSSP (Marine Systems Support Partner) contract is useful at a time of heightened debate around growth for outsourcing companies," Jefferies analysts wrote in a note.
The analysts expect the contract to contribute one percent to organic growth and a similar amount to earnings per share.
Babcock offers engineering and technology-related services to the defence, energy, emergency services, transport and education sectors.
The announcement comes a week after Babcock shares tumbled following a deal with Britain's Nuclear Decommissioning Authority (NDA) to end a contract to clean up 12 Magnox nuclear sites.
($1 = 0.7971 pounds)
(Reporting by Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru; editing by Jason Neely)
April 20 Orascom Construction Ltd:
• Announces start of production and sales at Iowa Fertilizer Company
• Plant has a nameplate capacity of 2,200 metric tons per day (MTPD) of ammonia, 2,200 MTPD of urea synthesis, 1,200 MTPD of granular urea, 4,300 MTPD of urea ammonium nitrate and 900 mtpd of diesel exhaust fluid, with a combined sellable capacity of 1.5 to 2 million metric tons per annum of products
• Orascom's U.S. unit, The Weitz Company, expanded its industrial capability through its involvement in project
Source: (bit.ly/2pTDryz) Further company coverage:
(Corrects details on contracts, trading volume in 4th, 5th paragraphs)
* Launch as China embraces commodities derivatives trading
* Caution ahead of critical U.S. plantings report
BEIJING, March 31 China's investors placed bearish bets on Friday's opening day of soymeal options trading on the Dalian Commodities Exchange, seeking protection as futures tumbled to 4-1/2 month lows ahead of a widely anticipated U.S. government plantings report.
The most-active September soymeal futures closed down 0.32 percent at 2,780 yuan in cautious trading before the U.S. Department of Agriculture releases estimates for U.S. grains plantings for the 2017/18 season - one of the most widely watched reports of the agricultural calendar, and one that can roil prices.
The launch of soymeal options offers a more complicated yet flexible hedging tool for financial investors and soybean crushers alike and spearheads China's efforts to push into commodities derivatives.
To hedge against further volatility, traders positioned themselves on Friday firmly on both sides of the market. They jumped into various contracts: September 3,000 yuan per tonne calls and September 2,600 yuan per tonne puts , the two most-active options on the day.
Turnover on the first day of trading totalled 46,066 calls and puts by market close on Friday, equivalent to 460,660 tonnes of soymeal - well below the more-than-500,000 lots of futures and the more-than-125,000 lots of U.S. soymeal options on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange on Thursday.
But it was in line with expectations for a cautious start.
"I only did several deals to basically try my hands," said Mo Qingping, investment director at ESFund Management Co, with more than 2 billion yuan ($290 million) in assets.
"We didn't spot any good opportunities. "But trading volume for this morning was quite all right given it's a new product," Mo said.
Market watchers said that the complexity of options trading may have curbed some investors' interest for now, contributing to the relatively low trading volume.
But the potential for China's largest agricultural derivatives market remains huge, they said.
"The launch of soymeal options will supplement the futures market and facilitate healthy development of the soy industry," said Chang Qing, chairman of Jinpeng Intl Futures Co Ltd, and professor at futures and financial derivatives research center at China Agricultural University. (Reporting by Hallie Gu and Josephine Mason; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)
Freeport, China Moly agree to end talks on cobalt assets
TORONTO, June 14 Freeport-McMoRan Inc, the world's biggest publicly traded copper miner, and China Molybdenum Co Ltd (CMOC) have agreed to terminate discussions on CMOC's acquisition of Freeport's cobalt assets, Freeport said on Wednesday.
May 3 Life Healthcare Group Holdings Ltd :
* HY HEPS seen between 23.3 - 27.9 cents per share, movement of between a decline of 75 pct and 70.0 pct below HY 2016 HEPS of 93.0 cents per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
* Financials falter, day after leading market rally
* Dow edges down, set for 9th down day in 10 sessions
* Amazon hits record high, boosts Nasdaq
* Vertex soars on success of cystic fibrosis treatment
* Dow down 0.15 pct, S&P up 0.12 pct, Nasdaq up 0.36 pct (Updates to late afternoon)
By Lewis Krauskopf
March 29 The benchmark S&P 500 edged up on Wednesday as the stronger energy sector and soaring shares of Vertex Pharmaceuticals offset declines in financial shares and investors began looking ahead to first-quarter earnings season.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average edged lower, falling for the ninth session out of the past 10.
Investors have been assessing what the Republicans' failure to pass a healthcare bill means for tax reform and the rest of President Donald Trump's agenda, hopes for which have helped drive stocks to record highs.
They are looking to first-quarter earnings to support lofty valuations for stocks, with the S&P 500 trading at nearly 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months against its long-term average of 15 times.
First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
"The policy risk has increased ... but economic data still remains solid and therefore earnings should be good," Walter Todd, chief investment officer of Greenwood Capital in Greenwood, South Carolina. "Absent some revelation on the policy front, I think that's the next catalyst for the market, is when we start seeing companies report."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 30.55 points, or 0.15 percent, to 20,670.95, the S&P 500 gained 2.72 points, or 0.12 percent, to 2,361.29 and the Nasdaq Composite added 21.12 points, or 0.36 percent, to 5,896.26.
The energy sector gained 1.2 percent, leading all sectors, supported by stronger oil prices.
Financial shares fell back 0.4 percent a day after leading a rally.
Amazon.com rose 2.2 percent and hit an all-time high, giving the biggest boost to the S&P 500 and Nasdaq.
In corporate news, Vertex Pharmaceuticals soared 21 percent after the company's cystic fibrosis treatment succeeded in a late-stage study. The stock boosted the S&P and helped drive the Nasdaq Biotechnology index up 1.2 percent.
Mylan shares fell 3.3 percent after its application to market a generic version of an inhaled lung drug was rejected.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.97-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.65-to-1 ratio favored advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 13 new 52-week highs and 1 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 77 new highs and 23 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Nick Zieminski)
May 3 Entellus Medical Inc
* Entellus Medical announces first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 loss per share $0.40
* Q1 revenue $19.1 million versus I/B/E/S view $19.6 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.42 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees FY 2017 revenue up 14 to 18 percent
* Sees FY 2017 revenue $86 million to $89 million
* Entellus Medical Inc - Expects Q2 2017 revenue will be at lower end of its projected annual revenue
* Entellus Medical Inc - Q2 2017 net loss is expected to be in a range of $7.0 million to $9.0 million
* Entellus Medical Inc - Full year 2017 net loss is expected to be in a range of $24.0 million to $32.0 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Swedish Krona banknotes are seen in this picture taken September 14, 2015. REUTERS/Fredrik Sandberg/TT News Agency/File Photo
OSLO The Norwegian and Swedish currencies will strengthen against the euro and dollar in the next 12 months after a weak start to 2017, a Reuters poll predicted on Thursday.
A similar survey conducted in January also concluded the two Nordic currencies would rise, but a sluggish outlook for inflation, and still-dovish central banks, have so far held them back.
In oil-producing Norway, where below-forecast inflation was complemented by weaker crude prices in the first quarter, the central bank maintains an easing bias on monetary policy with a 40 percent chance of a cut in interest rates by mid-2017.
"We had two months where inflation was much lower than expected, and then oil prices fell, and all the speculators wanted to get out at the same time," DNB Markets economist Magne Oestnor said.
DNB believes the Norwegian crown is undervalued, however, and that the central bank will refrain from cutting its key policy interest rate from the current record low of 0.5 percent.
"We still expect a higher oil price this year, and that will probably determine the trend for the Norwegian crown in the long term," Oestnor added.
In Sweden, where underlying inflation in March hit its 2 percent target for the first time in six years, both the central bank and independent economists have concluded that it is unlikely to stabilize at this level yet.
But with solid economic growth and a tightening labor market, the central bank could still end its quantitative easing by summer, while the European Central Bank will likely extend its similar program into 2018, according to Nordea Markets.
"This means we could expect the currency to gradually strengthen from here," Nordea economist Torbjorn Isaksson said.
The Norwegian crown was seen strengthening to 8.75 against the euro and 8.10 versus the dollar in the next 12 months from current levels of 9.17 and 8.61.
Meanwhile, the Swedish crown would likely rise to 9.15 against the euro and 8.51 versus the dollar during the next year from 9.57 and 8.99 currently.
(Writing by Terje Solsvik; Polling by Indradip Ghosh and Vivek Mishra; Editing by Alison Williams)
LONDON, April 6 The cost of hedging against volatility in the euro/dollar exchange rate over the next month rose on Thursday to its highest since the beginning of December, as the contract approached the date of the French presidential election run-off.
One-month euro/dollar implied volatility rose to as high as 11.375 percent, its highest since Dec. 1, in its biggest one-day move since Jan. 15, 2015, when the Swiss National Bank removed its cap on the value of the franc against the euro.
France holds the decisive run-off in its two-round presidential election on May 7. (Reporting by Nigel Stephenson; editing by Marc Jones)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
* Q4 sales jump 11.5 pct
* Sales helped by 7.8 pct rise in transaction size
* Expects to open 1,700 stores in 8-10 years
* Shares rise 7.5 pct to C$107.23 in early trade (Adds details, shares)
March 30 Dollarama Inc's quarterly profit beat analysts' estimates as the average amount customers spent at its stores increased, sending the Canadian discount retailer's shares to a record high in early trading on Thursday.
The Montreal-based company said the rise in sales was aided by a 7.8 percent increase in the average checkout bill, which is likely to be the biggest Dollarama has ever reported, according to analysts at Buckingham Research Group.
Dollarama, which increased its price ceiling to C$4 last year, said total sales also benefited from newer products offered in the fourth quarter.
The retailer also revised its long-term target to 1,700 stores from 1,400 stores, over the next 8-10 years across Canada, which has a less competitive discount-retail landscape compared with the United States.
The announcement also comes at a time when North American retailers, such as J.C. Penney and Macy's, are shutting stores, hurt by online competitors.
Dollarama opened 26 new stores in the fourth quarter.
The retailer said it would accept credit cards as a method of payment in all of its stores from the second quarter of fiscal 2018.
The company also increased its quarterly dividend to 11 Canadian cents per share from 10 Canadian cents.
Dollarama's same-store sales rose 5.8 percent in the quarter ended Jan. 29, compared with a 7.9 percent rise a year earlier.
Net income rose to C$146.1 million ($109.6 million), or C$1.24 per share, in the quarter, from C$124.8 million, or C$1 per share, a year earlier.
Analysts on average estimated income of C$1.11 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Sales jumped 11.5 percent to C$854.5 million, beating analysts' average estimate of C$846.9 million.
Dollarama's shares rose as much as 7.5 percent to a record high of C$107.23 in early trading.
($1 = 1.3325 Canadian dollars)
(Reporting by Vishaka George in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto)
* Gold, however, is up over 1 pct in April * SPDR Gold holdings down 6 tonnes since Tuesday * Silver set for worst month since November * Palladium hits highest since March 2015 (Updates prices) By Swati Verma BENGALURU, April 28 Gold was little changed on Friday and poised for the biggest weekly fall in seven as investors sought out higher returns than those from holding the non-interest bearing yellow metal by buying into riskier assets. Spot gold was up 0.1 percent at $1,264.86 per ounce as of 0750 GMT, and U.S. gold futures were also up 0.1 percent at $1,266.80. Gold is on track for a weekly drop of about 1.5 percent, the biggest weekly percentage fall since the week of March 10, but is heading towards a gain of about 1.3 percent for the month. "Technically gold has not had a great week ... there seems to be some pressure as the risk-on sentiment is still on despite Trump's tax plans disappointing and especially situation in North Korea does not seem to be inflamed," a Hong-Kong based trader said. On Wednesday, President Donald Trump proposed deep U.S. tax cuts, mainly for businesses, that would make the federal deficit balloon if enacted, drawing a cautious welcome from fiscal conservatives and financial markets. "People are pulling out of gold and moving to risky assets like shares and currencies to make profits," said Brian Lan, managing director at gold dealer GoldSilver Central in Singapore. Asian stocks looked set to close a strong week on a positive note, with MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan on track to end the week up 1.7 percent, which would be its best week in six. "At the moment there are not any major events until the second round of French elections (on May 7), so they are looking at other ways to get more returns," said Lan. Holdings of the SPDR Gold Trust , the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, fell 0.1 percent to 853.36 tonnes on Thursday. Holdings have fallen over 6 tonnes since Tuesday. "People are probably going to buy gold around $1,250 and sell it around $1,280. There is nothing on the news to aggressively buy gold at this point of time," the Hong-Kong based trader added. Silver was up 0.6 percent at $17.32 an ounce, after touching a 1-1/2-month low of $17.19 in the previous session. Silver was on track to end the week down over 3 percent, and was headed for the worst month since November. Platinum gained 0.4 percent at $943.65 an ounce and was heading towards its worst week in seven. Palladium was steady at $815 after hitting $817.55 an ounce, the highest since March 2015. It was the only weekly gainer among the precious metals, set for a 3 percent rise this week. (Reporting by Swati Verma and Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by Christian Schmollinger and Subhranshu Sahu)
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Premier League club chairmen have urged the British government to exempt footballers from immigration controls that are likely to be imposed once Britain exits the European Union.
Club executives believe Britain's withdrawal from the bloc could impede their ability to sign players from the continent, with Stoke City Chairman Peter Coates saying the league needed protection from such uncertainty.
"I'm pessimistic about leaving," Coates was quoted as saying by the Times after a meeting of executives from the top-flight clubs. "Hopefully, football will find a way of looking after itself when it finally happens — whenever that will be."
West Ham's co-owner David Gold said Brexit had already limited Premier League clubs in the transfer window as the fall in the value of the pound made players more expensive.
"Brexit has already had an impact on us in that sense," Gold said. "These guys are on huge salaries and all the tax is going into the exchequer. Why would you stifle that?"
The terms of the immigration controls will be formalised before the exit deadline on March 29, 2019, after Prime Minister Theresa May triggered Britain's two-year exit process on Wednesday.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
March 29 EMS Energy Limited
* anticipates that should restructure under scheme of arrangement be completed, company is expected to have discharged all its liabilities to its creditors
* Entered into a non-binding memorandum of understanding with Titan Petrochemicals Group Limited to raise up to s$10 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON (Reuters) - Olivier Giroud will be staying at Arsenal and not just as a substitute, manager Arsene Wenger said on Sunday after the Frenchman came off the bench to salvage a 1-1 draw at Southampton.
Soccer Football - Premier League - Southampton vs Arsenal - St Mary's Stadium, Southampton, Britain - December 10, 2017 Arsenal's Olivier Giroud after the match Action Images via Reuters/John Sibley
The late header was Giroud's 17th Premier League goal as a substitute for the North Londoners, equalling a single-club record set by former Manchester United forward Ole Gunnar Solskjaer.
The France striker has yet to start a league game this season and media reports before the match had suggested he could be loaned out in January to secure more playing time ahead of the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
“He is important. Why should we lose an important player? It is up to us,” said Wenger.
“He will start more games. I believe as well it's always the same when you have many good players, some of them cannot play,” added Wenger.
“The question you get is always ‘why does the guy who is good not play?'. Because if you take him on, you have another guy who is good who will not play. It is as simple as that.”
Wenger said he considered Giroud a regular member of his team and praised his attitude.
Soccer Football - Premier League - Southampton vs Arsenal - St Mary's Stadium, Southampton, Britain - December 10, 2017 Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger Action Images via Reuters/John Sibley
“We have to be grateful that he is part of a great team and one who can come on and make a difference with the right attitude and ability. He is a talent,” he said of his compatriot.
Wenger was critical, however, of his players' slow start in recent matches and of what he saw as a creeping amount of time-wasting.
“I feel the waste of time becomes a real problem in England,” he said.
Soccer Football - Premier League - Southampton vs Arsenal - St Mary's Stadium, Southampton, Britain - December 10, 2017 Arsenal's Olivier Giroud scores their first goal REUTERS/Dylan Martinez
“First of all I think it's in the head of the players to respect the game and to play. And secondly the authority of the referees to act early in the game because it becomes really a problem in the last two seasons.”
Arsenal's previous league match was a 3-1 home defeat to Manchester United, with the Gunners conceding twice in the opening 11 minutes.
They could have been 2-0 down in the first 10 minutes at St Mary‘s, with Charlie Austin putting the hosts ahead in the third and missing further opportunities.
“I felt the Manchester United game played a bit of a part in the head of our defenders,” Wenger told the BBC.
“They were a bit apprehensive to start well again and that's why it is sometimes not good to talk about the problem because you create a bigger one.”
Birds are seen on the logo of generic drugmaker Perrigo Co outside their new factory in the city of Yeruham, in southern Israel March 2, 2016. REUTERS/Amir Cohen
Perrigo Company Plc (PRGO.N) said that search warrants were executed at its corporate offices linked to an ongoing investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice Antitrust Division.
The investigation is related to drug pricing in the pharmaceutical industry, it said in a statement late on Tuesday.
The company is cooperating with the appropriate authorities, Perrigo said.
The DOJ could not be immediately reached outside regular business hours.
(Reporting by Sangameswaran S in Bengaluru; Editing by Sandra Maler)
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker holds a news conference after meeting Swiss President Doris Leuthard at the EU Commission headquarters in Brussels, Belgium, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
Swiss President Doris Leuthard and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker address a joint news conference after their meeting at the EU Commission headquarters in Brussels, Belgium, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
FILE PHOTO: A Swiss flag is pictured next to the Jet d'Eau (water fountain), and the Lake Leman from the St-Pierre Cathedrale in Geneva, Switzerland, June 5, 2012. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/File Photo
ZURICH Nearly two out of three top executives want Switzerland to put ties with the European Union on a new footing by adopting a comprehensive treaty replacing the existing patchwork of bilateral sectoral accords, a survey by UBS has found.
The poll of 2,500 entrepreneurs and senior managers underscored the importance that Swiss business leaders assign to relations with their biggest export market even as Britain's vote to leave the bloc undermines some EU cohesion.
It also shows a split between business and right-wing political parties that oppose ceding too much power to the EU under a treaty that would make Switzerland automatically adopt EU rules with an EU court as dispute referee.
The survey released on Monday showed 65 percent of respondents want an institutional framework agreement with the EU, 27 percent favor keeping the existing bilateral accords, and 8 percent back scrapping the bilateral agreements.
The existing accords ease Swiss access to the single market in return for letting EU citizens move freely to Switzerland. The Swiss parliament last year dodged a conflict with Brussels by adopting a system that aims to curb immigration by giving local people first crack at open jobs, skirting voters' demand for outright quotas in a binding 2014 referendum.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said last week after meeting Swiss President Doris Leuthard that a treaty could be ready by year's end.
Getting it through the Swiss parliament, however, could be difficult.
Foreign Minister Didier Burkhalter has said pushing through a new treaty -- as demanded by Brussels and EU members -- is politically impossible in Switzerland at the moment, but the government is still leaving the option open.
(Reporting by Michael Shields Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Zhejiang Century Huatong Group Co Ltd :
* Says it issued new shares and raised 4.15 billion yuan in total, for funding acquisition and project
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/r3Fcrd
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The Eiffel Tower is surrounded by a small-particle haze which hangs above the skyline in Paris, France, December 9, 2016 as the City of Light experienced the worst air pollution in a decade. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
LONDON Emissions regulated under Europe's carbon market fell for the sixth straight year in 2016, in part due to lower coal-fired power production, data published on Monday by the European Commission and examined by carbon analysts at Thomson Reuters showed.
Around 45 percent of Europe's greenhouse gas emissions are regulated by the Emissions Trading System (ETS), the bloc's flagship policy to cut emissions by charging for the right to emit carbon dioxide (CO2).
It is expected to contribute around two thirds of the reductions needed to meet the bloc's target of slashing emissions by 20 percent from 1990 levels.
According to the analysts' interpretation of the data, emissions totalled 1.755 billion tonnes of CO2 equivalent (CO2e) last year for companies under the ETS excluding airlines, down 2.7 percent on the previous year.
The analysts earlier on Monday estimated emissions rose by 1.1 percent based on the Commission data. They then refined their estimate due to expectations that one French installation might have submitted incorrect data.
The European Commission did not immediately comment on the data.
The data showed capped emissions from power and heating generation were down 4.4 percent, while emissions from industrial manufacturers were down 0.5 percent year-on-year.
"The drastic decline in power emissions is mainly the result of plunging coal power generation and rising renewables deployment," said Yan Qin, senior modelling analyst at Thomson Reuters.
The ETS caps the emissions of around 11,000 power plants, factories and airlines, forcing them to surrender one carbon permit for every tonne of carbon dioxide emitted annually by the end of April of the following year.
The emissions figure is keenly watched by participants in the EU's ETS as it provides a first indication of 2016's supply and demand balance.
The benchmark EU carbon contract traded at 4.76 euros/tonne at 1330 GMT, up 1.5 euros on Friday's close, but hit a session high of 4.91 euros/tonne immediately after the Commission published the data, and before analysts revealed it likely contained an error.
Emissions in the aviation sector rose by 8 percent in 2016 to 61.6 million tonnes of CO2e, the analysts said.
Under the ETS airlines have to report emissions for all flights that both take off and land at European airports.
(Editing by Jane Merriman, Greg Mahlich)
TOKYO (Reuters) - Clumps of oil have washed up on the shores of southern Japan and there are fears they may be leaking from an Iranian crude tanker than sank in the world's worst such disaster in decades, the Japanese Coast Guard said on Friday.
Black clumps have reached the shores of the island of Amami-Oshima, a coast guard official told Reuters by phone. Authorities are checking to see if it is from the Sanchi (IMO:9356608) tanker that sank in the East China Sea last month, after being alerted to its presence by the public.
The government had set up a special unit within Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's office to coordinate Japan's response to the latest development, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters.
“The government, while working closely with local authorities, is looking into how broad the range (of oil clumps washed ashore) is and what has caused it,” Suga said.“We are doing all we can, including dispatching a Coast Guard unit” to remove the oil, he said.
Amami-Oshima is part of a chain of islands that includes Okinawa, an area famous for pristine beaches and reef systems. The Iranian tanker sank nearly three weeks ago, raising worries about damage to the marine ecosystem.
The bodies of two sailors were recovered from the ship while a third body was pulled from the sea near the vessel. The remaining 29 crew of the ship are presumed dead.
Earlier the Chinese government said the sunken tanker had created two oil slicks. The ship, which was carrying 136,000 tonnes or almost 1 million barrels of condensate - an ultra-light, highly flammable crude oil - sank after several explosions weakened the hull.
Japan's environment ministry had said last month it saw little chance that the spill would reach Japanese shores.
(For a graphic on 'A drifting inferno' click tmsnrt.rs/2DmrPvL)
(For a graphic on 'Oil tanker collision' click tmsnrt.rs/2CBgqai)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
April 5 Hopscotch Groupe SA:
* FY net profit group share is 1.0 million euros ($1.1 million) versus 0.6 million euros a year ago
* FY current operating income is 2.8 million euros versus 1.5 million euros a year ago
* Electoral context does not allow for good visibility, but group now, in consolidated new organization, forecasts improvement of the profit margin Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9382 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Deutsche Bank outlines organisation of revamped investment bank
FRANKFURT, June 15 Deutsche Bank has outlined clearly differentiated roles for the co-heads of its revamped investment bank to make it more efficient and is also creating a new global markets division.
May 2 Franklin Street Properties Corp:
* Franklin Street Properties Corp announces first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted FFO per share $0.17
* Q1 FFO per share $0.27
* Sees FY 2017 FFO per share about $1.04 to $1.08
* Franklin Street Properties Corp says for Q2 of 2017, estimate FFO to be in range of approximately $0.25 to $0.26 per diluted share
* Q2 FFO per share view $0.26 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 FFO per share view $0.26 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 29 Quorum Health Corp:
* Quorum Health Corp files for non-timely 10-K
* Quorum Health-not able to file annual report on form 10-K for year ended Dec 31, 2016 due to efforts to amend provisions of existing senior credit facility
* Quorum Health- delay in filing annual report on form 10-K for year ended Dec 31, 2016 is not related to co's previously announced investigation Source text:(bit.ly/2nLeZ4A) Further company coverage:
Dozens of emergency service personnel and volunteers are continuing their search for Co Tipperary teenager Elisha Gault, who has been missing since St Patrick's Day.
Gardaí urged the public on Monday to check their property and land for the 14-year-old from Carrick-on-Suir.
A number of boats have been used to search along the River Suir, while the Coast Guard search and rescue helicopter has also been in the area as well as Civil Defence and local volunteers.
Gardaí made door-to-door inquiries in the town on Monday in an attempt to find more details about her movements.
She was last seen on Dillon Bridge at about 10.15pm on March 17th, heading towards the Carrickbeg area on the Co Waterford side of the town. She is about 180cm in height and has blue eyes and dyed blonde hair. It is understood she did not have a jacket when last seen.
A student at Comeragh College in Carrick, she has a address at New Street. It is understood her mother is originally from Belfast but moved to Carrick over a year ago.
Gardaí have urged anyone in the Carrickbeg-Dillon Bridge area to check any CCTV footage they may have since the night of March 17th, and anyone with gardens, outhouses or sheds to check them for any trace of the missing girl.
Anyone with dash-cam footage from the night or early morning of March 17th and March 18th has also been asked to contact gardaí.
March 30 Suess Microtec AG:
* FY EBIT of 11.1 million euros ($11.94 million) more than doubled compared to previous year
* FY earnings after taxes (EAT) amounted to 5.0 million euros, compared to 0.2 million euros in previous year
* After Q4 2016 with a record sales level of 69.5 million euros, company expects a noticeable decline in sales in Q1 2017
* Order entry in Q1 of 2017 is expected to exceed previous guidance of 25 million to 35 million euros, given on Feb. 10
* At this point of time, company expects that order entry in Q1 of 2017 will range between 35 million and 45 million euros
* For Q1 2017 expects an EBIT below previous year's level
* Company expects the increased order entry in the first quarter 2017 to have a positive impact on sales and EBIT for the full fiscal year 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9296 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Air travellers were hit by delays at London Stansted, one of the UK's busiest airports after the runway was closed for repairs.
Flights were diverted from Stansted after it shut down its landing strip between 5.30pm and 6.10pm on Sunday.
Passengers reported being told by crew that the disruption was caused by a hole in the runway.
The airport confirmed 11 flights had been sent to other hubs including Luton and East Midlands during the closure.
Images posted on social media showed sprawling queues as hundreds waited to board their flights
After the closure, Stansted Airport posted a statement saying flights were now running again, but "some flights may be delayed or cancelled".
It added: "Our runway was temporarily closed between 5.30pm and 6.10pm to allow for minor repairs to be safely carried out and some arriving flights were diverted to other airports during the closure.
"This temporary measure was deemed necessary for safety reasons and we would like to advise that the runway is now open and flight operations are back to normal."
Responding to the announcement, one user wrote online: "The hundreds of people who've been queuing at gates for 2 hours debate that news..."
Dec 10 (Gracenote) - The Latest leaderboard in the fourth round from the European Tour Joburg Open on Sunday in Johannesburg holes played rounds -22 Shubhankar Sharma (India) 7 69 61 65 -18 Erik van Rooyen (South Africa) 8 64 67 70 -14 Tapio Pulkkanen (Finland) 8 65 64 73 James Morrison (Britain) 7 64 70 67 -13 Shaun Norris (South Africa) 10 69 68 68 Marcus Armitage (Britain) 8 69 66 67 Christofer Blomstrand (Sweden) 7 70 68 62 -12 Dean Burmester (South Africa) 15 66 73 68 -11 Mark Foster (Britain) 15 71 68 68 Joachim Hansen (Denmark) 9 66 67 71 Oliver Bekker (South Africa) 9 66 70 68 Ross McGowan (Britain) 9 66 72 66 Victor Perez (France) 16 73 66 69 Paul Peterson (U.S.) 11 70 67 69 -10 Hennie Du Plessis (South Africa) 11 71 67 68 Vaughn Groenewald (South Africa) 15 71 66 71 Matthew Baldwin (Britain) 17 64 74 71 Choi Jinho (Korea) 11 69 66 70 Charlie Ford (Britain) 11 70 64 71 Christiaan Bezuidenhout (South Africa) 9 69 69 66 Gavin Green (Malaysia) 12 70 67 70 Jaco Ahlers (South Africa) 15 67 68 72 -9 Jeff Winther (Denmark) 18 70 66 75 67 Jake Higginbottom (Australia) 18 70 69 70 69 Daniel Greene (South Africa) 10 70 68 67 Matt Wallace (Britain) 10 73 65 67 Jens Dantorp (Sweden) 15 72 67 68 Steven Brown (Britain) 9 68 65 71 Mikko Korhonen (Finland) 12 66 65 75 Aaron Rai (Britain) 13 69 67 71 Hennie Otto (South Africa) 9 70 68 67 JC Ritchie (South Africa) 13 71 67 69 -8 Jens Fahrbring (Sweden) 18 72 67 71 69 Marco Iten (Switzerland) 18 71 67 73 68 Richard McEvoy (Britain) 13 66 69 72 MJ Viljoen (South Africa) 18 68 67 74 70 Nathan Kimsey (Britain) 12 65 71 70 Eirik Tage Johansen (Norway) 18 73 66 72 68 Stuart Manley (Britain) 17 68 69 72 Tyrone Ryan (South Africa) 16 67 72 69 George Coetzee (South Africa) 13 68 67 72 Daniel Brooks (Britain) 18 66 67 77 69 Ockie Strydom (South Africa) 18 64 73 74 68 Scott Vincent (Zimbabwe) 18 71 68 71 69 -7 Dylan Frittelli (South Africa) 18 70 69 71 70 Oscar Serna (Mexico) 18 72 67 70 71 Haydn Porteous (South Africa) 11 69 70 66 Jean Hugo (South Africa) 13 68 68 71 Andrea Pavan (Italy) 18 66 73 71 70 Adrian Meronk (Poland) 18 65 72 74 69 Robert MacIntyre (Britain) 18 72 67 71 70 -6 Adrien Saddier (France) 15 69 65 73 Oliver Farr (Britain) 18 69 67 73 72 Jacques Kruyswijk (South Africa) 18 70 69 73 69 Pep Angles (Spain) 17 69 70 70 Kristian Krogh (Norway) 11 70 65 70 Jaco Prinsloo (South Africa) 18 67 69 74 71 -5 Sebastian Heisele (Germany) 18 64 71 74 73 JJ Senekal (South Africa) 18 71 68 70 73 -4 Tirawat Kaewsiribandit (Thailand) 18 73 65 75 70 Chris Cannon (Britain) 13 67 70 70 Rourke van der Spuy (South Africa) 18 70 69 70 74 -3 Lionel Weber (France) 18 68 71 71 74 Terry Pilkadaris (Australia) 18 68 70 75 71 Tjaart van der Walt (South Africa) 18 73 63 76 72 Adria Arnaus (Spain) 18 69 70 72 73 -2 Garrick Porteous (Britain) 16 68 70 71 Keenan Davidse (South Africa) 18 63 74 73 75 Andrew Curlewis (South Africa) 18 73 66 73 73 -1 Stephen Ferreira (Portugal) 18 67 71 73 75 Sam Chien (U.S.) 18 71 68 74 73 Oliver Lindell (Finland) 18 66 72 73 75 0 Andre Nel (South Africa) 18 71 67 75 74 Carlos Pigem (Spain) 18 67 71 72 77 1 Cody Martin (U.S.) 18 71 68 74 75
HELSINKI, April 5 UEFA president Aleksander Ceferin reiterated to Europe's top clubs on Wednesday that he would never allow the creation of a closed Super League, telling them in a speech that "money does not rule."
He warned the continent's biggest leagues that UEFA would never give in to "blackmail" as he promised to re-design football on the continent over the next five years.
The Slovenian also promised one million euros to each of UEFA's 55 member associations as a "solidarity payment" from UEFA's revenue.
Ceferin was elected last September, shortly after UEFA had announced changes to the flagship Champions League competition which gave more slots to clubs from the bigger leagues and cut the number allocated to the smaller ones.
The changes were implemented after the biggest clubs had discussed forming a breakaway Super League.
European football faces a huge disparity between the top leagues such as England's Premier League and Germany's Bundesliga and the smallest ones, which are plagued by poor revenues, falling attendances and financial difficulties.
Ceferin said UEFA would sit down with the clubs, leagues and players to develop a "strategic vision" for European football over the next five years.
"This five-year plan will not be forced on you, it will not come out of the blue, as may have happened in the past," he told the UEFA Congress.
"It will not be drafted by some anonymous bureaucrat and his paper-pushers hidden away on the shores of Lake Geneva."
Ceferin said that Switzerland-based UEFA should not be afraid of the stakeholders but then issued stark warnings to the clubs and leagues.
"To some clubs I should say...there will be no closed league. It's as simple as that. That is not in line with our values and ideas," he said.
"To some leagues, I will say: we will never give in to the blackmail of those who think they can manipulate small leagues...because they think they are all powerful because of the astronomical values they generate."
"We will work together to rectify the imbalances as much as possible -- problems and imbalances for which you are also responsibly," he added.
"Sharing must not be considered a dirty word." (Writing by Brian Homewood; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
A detail on an Infiniti Project Black S is displayed at Nissan Design Europe, ahead of being shipped to the Geneva Motor Show, in London, Britain, February 28, 2017. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
The Nissan logo sign is seen outside a Nissan auto dealer in Broomfield, Colorado October 1, 2014. REUTERS/Rick Wilking
BEIJING Nissan Motor Co Ltd's (7201.T) premium brand Infiniti sold 67,367 vehicles globally in the first three months of 2017, up 18 percent from the same period a year prior, showed a prepared press release seen by Reuters on Thursday.
In March alone, Infiniti sold 28,406 vehicles, up 14 percent.
Infiniti's global chief executive, Roland Krueger, said in a telephone interview that new models such as the Q30 crossover and Q60 coupe should help the brand further grow sales volume. He declined to provide an overall forecast for 2017.
Last year, Hong Kong-headquartered Infiniti sold about 231,000 vehicles, up 7 percent from 2015.
Krueger said he is counting on China to provide more momentum in coming months.
Though sales volume growth rates in China have slowed, "we need to recognize China is the largest single car market in the world," Krueger said. "It also has the potential to become, over time, the largest single market for premium vehicles in the world. That's very significant, and we need to push there."
The brand sold 10,041 vehicles in China in the first quarter of this year, up 4 percent. In March, sales increased 6 percent to 4,050 vehicles.
Overall performance in the first three months of the year was also partly led by Infiniti's U.S. unit, which sold 43,561 vehicles, up 33 percent. U.S. sales volume in March rose 33 percent on year to 18,266 vehicles.
(Reporting by Norihiko Shirouzu; Editing by Christopher Cushing)
BRUSSELS The European Union's executive stepped up pressure on Poland and Hungary on Wednesday to take in asylum seekers under the bloc's migration plan or risk legal action if their reluctant governments refuse.
Warsaw and Budapest have stonewalled the scheme to move 160,000 people from Italy and Greece - the main ports of arrival - to elsewhere in the EU. Other member states have also dragged their feet, leaving the divisive plan stalled.
The eurosceptic governments in Poland and Hungary have also put their media and judiciary under tighter state control, raising concerns in Brussels and other EU capitals that they are infringing on the bloc's democratic checks and balances.
The influx of some 1.6 million refugees and migrants into the EU in 2014-2016 has led to rows on how to share the burden among member states. Only about 16,340 people have been moved so far under the emergency scheme that ends in September.
"If Member States do not increase their relocations soon, the Commission will not hesitate to make use of its powers ... for those which have not complied," the bloc's executive arm said in a statement.
The Commission had proposed to fine member states for failing to take in migrants, but there has been little political backing for such a step. A court case would not resolve the issue quickly, but could add to mounting pressure for action from other EU states.
Italy has been in the forefront of calling for cuts to EU subsidies to Poland and Hungary over migration. Germany, Sweden, Austria and France - the most frequent final destinations - have also been stepping up pressure on the hold-outs.
Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovakia and the Czech Republic have taken in only a few asylum seekers and the European Commission also underlined their weak response to the plan.
The Commission statement recalled the relocation plan was decided by EU leaders in September 2015 despite Hungary, the Czech Republic, Slovakia and Romania voting against it. Although generally opposed to it, Poland eventually voted with majority.
RARE GOOD NEWS
In rare good news, Brussels noted that Austria has now decided to join the relocation programme. Vienna was previously exempted since it had taken in some 90,000 asylum seekers in 2015 as it sits on one of the key migratory routes into Europe.
Austria's interior minister said he would make preparations for the country to receive people, with the first group expected to be around 50 unaccompanied children from Italy.
Some 14,000 people are currently eligible for relocation from Greece, the Commission said. It recommended that Italy speed up the necessary legal and security proceedings as it currently only has some 3,500 people waiting to be moved.
EU officials are split over whether to open legal proceedings over relocation, with some noting Poland and Hungary should be punished for undermining the bloc's solidarity.
Others say that such so-called "infringements" would have to be launched against just about every EU state since so many cut corners on various agreements.
Hungary has filed its own lawsuit against the relocation scheme, which assigns each EU state a specific number of asylum seekers to receive. A hearing at the EU's top European Court of Justice is due on May 10.
Poland's and Hungary's disputes over migration with the bloc are just one area on which the two post-communist countries, now governed by eurosceptics, clash with Brussels and the wealthier western European states.
The bloc has voiced concern over the weakening of the rule of law and undermining of democratic standards by both Budapest under Prime Minister Viktor Orban and Warsaw under the right-wing government of the Law and Justice (PiS) party.
The Commission on Wednesday separately warned Hungary it risked being sued in court over a number of Orban's policies.
(Additional reporting by Francois Murphy in Vienna; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
HOUSTON, April 28 Exxon Mobil Corp, the world's largest publicly-traded oil producer, said on Friday its quarterly profit more than doubled due to rising crude prices and cost cuts.
The company posted net income of $4.01 billion, or 95 cents per share, compared to $1.81 billion, or 43 cents per share, in the year-ago quarter.
Production fell 4 percent to 4.2 million barrels of oil equivalent per day. (Reporting by Ernest Scheyder; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
BRUSSELS May 3 Belgium plans to sell a quarter of the stake it holds in French financial group BNP Paribas , the Belgium finance ministry said on Wednesday.
The country, which acquired the stake in 2008 as a result of a bailout of Belgian group Fortis, said it would bring back its stake in BNP Paribas to 7.8 percent from 10.3 percent previously.
Belgium bought Fortis for 9.4 billion euros ($10.26 billion) and sold 75 percent to BNP Paribas.
The finance ministry added that it would know at a later stage how much it received from Wednesday's share sale. ($1 = 0.9163 euros) (Reporting by Robert-Jan Bartunek, editing by Robin Emmott)
(Reuters) - Barcelona coach Ernesto Valverde is confident his side can cope without Neymar against La Liga champions Real Madrid in the Spanish Super Cup.
Paris Saint-Germain raided Barcelona for the Brazilian winger earlier in August, leaving the Catalans with 222 million euros (201.6 million pounds) but a gaping hole in their strike force.
Barcelona takes on rivals Real on Sunday in the Super Cup first leg with no replacement yet for the Brazilian striker -- although media reports have linked them to Borussia Dortmund's Ousmane Dembele and Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho.
"For Neymar's absence I have a lot of players who are ready to play," Valverde told a news conference on Saturday. "You have to look forward, not back."
The former Athletic Bilbao manager, however, doubts whether Gerard Deulofeu is ready to fill the gap following his recent return from injury.
Barcelona brought Deulofeu back from Everton this summer but he missed the club's pre-season tour with a reported muscle strain and has featured in only one friendly.
Football Soccer - Barcelona training - Red Bull Arena, Harrison, New Jersey, U.S., July 21, 2017 - Barcelona's head coach Ernesto Valverde speaks at a news conference ahead of the International Champions Cup. Mike Segar
"I like the understanding between Deulofeu with (Jordi) Alba and (Lionel) Messi, but we only have one reference point, the Gamper (trophy) against Chapecoense. It's very soon," said Valverde.
Instead the coach might look to Paco Alcacer to play on the left, or change formation from 4-3-3 to 4-4-2 to match Real Madrid, and incorporate an extra midfielder, which could be Sergi Roberto, whom Valverde praised.
Replacing Neymar in the long term is a difficult task, though, and defender Gerard Pique told a news conference of his desperate attempt to get him to stay.
Pique tweeted a picture of himself and Neymar with the caption, "he stays", little over a week before the Brazilian departed.
"I don't feel tricked by Neymar. The day I said 'he stays' I knew that he was going 100 per cent. It was the final shot," said Pique.
"He got angry with me but we worked it out. I did it to use my social networks to help this club to keep a player who has a unique talent. It was difficult but I tried to help my club."
* March factory output -0.53 pct y/y vs -1.65 pct in Reuters poll * Weaker production of autos and jewellery * Capacity utilisation at 67.09 pct vs Feb's revised 59.97 pct * Q1 factory output +0.1 pct y/y BANGKOK, April 28 Thailand's industrial output declined for a second straight month, less than expected, due to weaker production of autos and jewellery, suggesting the economic recovery remains fragile. The Industry Ministry said on Friday its manufacturing production index (MPI) in March dropped 0.53 percent from a year earlier. A Reuters poll had forecast a fall of 1.65 percent. In February, the index fell a revised 1.09 percent from a year earlier. Capacity utilisation at factories rose to 67.09 percent in March from a revised 59.97 percent in February. Industrial goods accounted for 80 percent of total exports, which jumped 9.2 percent in March from a year earlier despite falling car exports, customs data showed. Exports, which account for about two-thirds of Thailand's economy, are traditionally a key driver of the country's growth. The Bank of Thailand has forecast the economy will grow 3.4 percent this year and exports to increase 2.2 percent. Southeast Asia's second-largest economy expanded 3.2 percent last year. Data from Thailand's Office of Industrial Economics, part of the Industry Ministry. (not seasonally adjusted) Month Mar Feb Jan Dec Nov Oct % change y/y -0.53 -1.09* +2.19 +0.54 +3.88 -0.02 % change m/m +12.13 -0.50* +3.91 -3.61 +2.13 -0.89 *Revised from -1.5 pct y/y **Revised from -0.91 pct m/m (Reporting by Kitiphong Thaichareon; Writing by Orathai Sriring; Editing by Sam Holmes)
Emergency services have rushed to a village near Boroughbridge after reports a helicopter has come down in a field.
North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service confirmed that they sent crews to the scene at Aldborough just before 1.30pm .
The aircraft is believed to be a helicopter but this has not been confirmed.
Witness tells of moment helicopter 'dropped like a stone' near Aldborough Hall
Police and ambulance are also at the scene.
North Yorkshire Police said that are not yet able to confirm any information about casualties.
Smoke can be seen coming from the field
At 1.23pm today, police received reports of a helicopter crash near Aldborough, Boroughbridge.
"Officers are currently at the scene. Fire and ambulance crews are also in attendance.
"Police are not yet able to confirm any information about casualties."
It was earlier thought to have been a light aircraft which came down in a field.
A sign adorns the building where mining company Rio Tinto has their office in Perth, Western Australia, November 19, 2015. REUTERS/David Gray
Diversified miner Rio Tinto Plc (RIO.L) said on Wednesday it was continuing talks on the long-term future of its stake in the Grasberg copper mine in Indonesia and one of its top executives would visit the country for talks over the coming weeks.
Mine operator Freeport McMoRan's (FCX.N) exports of copper concentrate from Grasberg, the world's richest copper mine, have been at a standstill since mid-January, when Indonesia introduced rules intended to improve revenues from its resources and create jobs.
"There is no doubt that Grasberg is a world-class resource. However, there's a difference between a world-class resource and a world-class business," Rio Tinto Chief Executive Jean-Sebastien Jacques said on Wednesday, responding to a shareholder at the company's annual general meeting in London.
"Depending on what will happen in the coming months and years in terms of negotiations with the government, the extension beyond 2021, Rio will have to come to a conclusion whether we want to stay or not," Jacques said, adding discussions involving all parties would continue over the next six months.
Rio Tinto has a joint-venture with Freeport-McMoRan Inc for the huge Grasberg copper and gold complex in remote Papua, with rights to 40 percent of production above specific levels until 2021 and 40 percent of all production after 2021.
As pressure mounts on Indonesia to agree a compromise U.S. Vice President Mike Pence will visit the country next week and Arnaud Soirat, head of Rio Tinto's copper and diamonds business, will visit shortly afterwards, Rio officials said.
Freeport McMoRan, the biggest publicly-listed copper miner, has lost $1 billion since the export of copper concentrate from Grasberg was halted on Jan. 12 under new rules issued by the government.
The Indonesian government has lost millions of dollars in royalties and is worried about layoffs and a slowing economy in the restive Papua region.
Shares in Rio Tinto were trading down about 3.5 percent at 1500 GMT on the London Stock Exchange.
(Reporting by Sanjeeban Sarkar in Bengaluru and Barbara Lewis in London; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Susan Thomas)
* Won, KOSPI both set for fifth straight sessions of decline * Foreign investors poised to dump stocks for six consecutive days SEOUL, April 10 South Korea's won and stock market fell to near four-week lows on Monday, as investors flocked to safe-haven assets amid rising geopolitical risks. The won fell 0.7 percent to 1,142.3 against the dollar, the weakest since March 15. The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) also declined to its lowest since mid-March, down 0.8 percent to 2,133.59 points. U.S. President Donald Trump last week pressed Chinese President Xi Jinping to do more to curb North Korea nuclear programmes. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Xi had agreed to increase cooperation in reining in North Korea - though he did not offer any new formula for cracking Pyongyang's defiant attitude. "Trump and Xi's summit, the biggest recent event for market players, is believed to have not reached a clear solution for North Korea's possible future provocations, pressuring the won continuously," said Jung Sung-yoon, a foreign exchange analyst at Hyundai Futures. Foreign investors looked set for a sixth consecutive stock-selling session, offloading 65.3 billion Korean won ($57.18 million) worth of KOSPI shares near midday. South Korea's defence-related shares rose in the wake of the U.S.-China summit. Firstec Co Ltd gained more than 4 percent, while Huneed Technologies rose nearly 2 percent. Tech firm LG Electronics Inc lost 3.1 percent. Decliners outnumbered advancers 692 to 123. June futures on three-year treasury bonds shed 0.09 point to 109.28. 0245 GMT Prev close Dollar/won 1,142.3 1,134.5 Yen/won 10.2470/09 10.2323 *KTB futures 109.28 109.37 KOSPI 2,133.59 2,151.73 * Front-month futures on three-year treasury bonds (Reporting by Dahee Kim; Editing by Randy Fabi)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
* Cutting risky, non-core assets to boost lending elsewhere
* Targets retail, corporate lending at least 10 pct in 2017
* May consider issuing Eurobond by end-2017 (Adds details, quotes, writes through)
By Kira Zavyalova
KAZAN, Russia, April 3 Mid-sized Russian bank Ak Bars is cleaning up its balance sheet with an aim to grow lending and become one of the country's top 15 banks by 2021, its deputy chief executive told Reuters.
Controlled by the region of Tatarstan and currently Russia's 20th biggest bank by assets, Ak Bars is in the spotlight after the Russian central bank's decision to revoke the licences of three lenders in Tatarstan..
The central bank, on a drive to clean up Russia's banking system, last week sacked the head of Tatarstan's central bank, though it said there was no immediate threat to the banking sector in the region where just over a dozen lenders operate.
Deputy CEO Vladimir Demushkin said in an interview that to achieve its growth targets Ak Bars aimed to reduce non-core and high-risk assets to free up lending for other areas. Its largest and core clients include energy and petrochemical companies.
"We are in the permanent contact with the regulator ... The central bank has been and is controlling us closely," he said.
Ratings agency Fitch has estimated Ak Bars had 141 billion roubles ($2.5 billion) of high-risk assets at the end of the first quarter of last year. But it said in December there was no direct link between Tatfondbank's problems and Ak Bars.
The agency predicted Ak Bars' high-risk assets could fall to around 81 billion roubles, as some loans are repaid or sold.
Demushkin said the bank, the biggest in the Volga region of Tatarstan with some 3 million retail customers, at the end of last year sold 25 billion roubles worth of loans related to real estate developers.
Ak Bars also set aside 19 billion roubles in provisions for non-performing loans at the end of 2016, up from 14 billion in 2015.
Its total loan portfolio fell 16 percent last year, as a 24 percent fall in corporate lending outweighed an 11 percent increase in retail lending.
But the bank aims to grow both corporate and retail lending this year by at least 10 percent, Demushkin said. A 10 billon-rouble capital increase later this year should also allow for more lending.
"The new strategy approved at the end of 2016 calls for entering the list of top 15 banks by assets by 2021. So we will be actively lending," Demushkin said.
Ak Bars may consider issuing Eurobonds towards the end of this year, but currently customer deposits are a more attractive source of funding, he said.
Ak Bars has two outstanding Eurobond issues - $350 million due in 2018 and a $600 million subordinated one due in 2022.
($1 = 56.3231 roubles) (Reporting by Kira Zavyalova; Writing by Katya Golubkova; Editing by Sujata Rao and Mark Potter)
HONG KONG, April 10 (IFR) - Asian credits were stable on Monday in relatively quiet trade despite increased geopolitical worries.
The iTraxx Asia investment-grade index was indicated at 94bp/96bp, less than 1bp tighter from Friday.
"The US missile strike against Syria and Friday's mixed US March non-farm payroll report seem had little effect on the markets," a Hong Kong-based trader said.
The trader said that Sinopec's four-tranche notes, priced last Wednesday, were actively traded today with the 10-year tranche trading 1bp tighter while other tranches were largely flat.
China Jinmao's 3.60% 2022s bonds traded 2bp tighter. The Chinese real estate firm said this morning its property contract sales in March increased by 140% year on year to Rmb5.52bn (US$799m).
Bank of China's bonds were stable after the Chinese lender announced plans to launch a multi-tranche, multi-currency Reg S senior bonds offering in the near term.
In high yield, Yanzhou Coal Mining's 5.75% US dollar perpetual rose a further 0.1 points to 101.75 while Regal Hotels' 6.50% US dollar perpetual was stable at 99.375, according to the trader.
Meanwhile, Road King's 7.95% US dollar perpetual fell 0.125 points to 104.5 on news of its expressway assets spin-off plans. The Hong Kong-listed company has businesses in property development and expressway operations in China.
"The group's perpetual bonds have a fixed-for-life structure. In the absence of stability of the toll-road business, we view the perpetual bonds as less attractive than previously," MUFG said.
(Reporting by Carol Chan; Editing by Vincent Baby)
April 10 (Reuters) -
* United Continental CEO says this is an upsetting event; apologize for having to re-accommodate these customers - tweet
* United Continental CEO says team is working with authorities and conducting detailed review of what happened - tweet Source text: bit.ly/2oZa6Tt
Rescue crews worked to save the two men, who were hanging from the side of a building Tuesday morning.
Rescue crews responded after workers were left dangling on the side of a building after a scaffolding collapsed in Palmetto Bay Tuesday morning.
The incident happened at the Palmetto Bay Village Center at 18001 Old Cutler Road.
Footage showed two workers dangling from safety lines near the scaffolding, which was hanging off the side of the building about three floors above a landing.
Miami-Dade Fire Rescue workers responded and helped one of the men to safety with the help of a ladder truck on the ground and firefighters on the roof.
Crews were able to lower the other man to safety a short time later.
Check back with NBC 6 for updates.
TOKYO (Reuters) - A Japanese man wielding a sword killed his sister, a Shinto priestess, on the grounds of a Tokyo shrine, then stabbed his wife to death before committing suicide, police and media said.
Police declined to comment on a motive for Thursday's killings or the family feud.
Shigenaga Tomioka, 56, attacked Nagako Tomioka, 58, chief priestess of the Tomioka Hachimangu shrine, as she got out of a car. Media reports said she was his sister.
His 49-year-old wife, Mariko, stabbed and wounded the driver of the car with a sword, police said, before she too was killed.
Shigenaga sent a threatening letter to his sister in 2006, saying he would “send her to hell”, the Sankei newspaper said.
Shinto is the traditional religion of Japan and many shrines dot the country. The Tomioka Hachimangu shrine, established in 1627, has a close link with sumo and the emperor and empress visited in 2012.
A woman looks at the audio visual installation 'Hello World!' by Christopher Baker during a press day to promote the upcoming exhibition 'From Selfie to Self-Expression' at the Saatchi Gallery in London, Britain March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
A man looks 'Mirror No. 12' by Daniel Rozin during a press day to promote the upcoming exhibition 'From Selfie to Self-Expression' at the Saatchi Gallery in London, Britain March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
A man uses his phone next to 'Russian Criminal Tattoo Encyclopaedia Series' by Sergei Vasiliev during a press day to promote the upcoming exhibition 'From Selfie to Self-Expression' at the Saatchi Gallery in London, Britain March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
A woman looks at 'miss fotojapon 1998 to present' by Juan Pablo Echeverri during a press day to promote the upcoming exhibition 'From Selfie to Self-Expression' at the Saatchi Gallery in London, Britain March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
A gallery assistant poses for a photograph during a press day to promote the upcoming exhibition 'From Selfie to Self-Expression' at the Saatchi Gallery in London, Britain March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
LONDON From Old Masters' self-portraits to contemporary selfies taken on phones, a London exhibition explores the creative potential of a mode of expression whose modern form is often derided as inane.
The British capital's Saatchi Gallery on Friday launches "From Selfie to Self-Expression", which it says will be the world's first exhibition looking at the history of selfies.
It kicks off with Rembrandt, the 17th century Dutch artist whose dozens of self-portraits created an intimate autobiography with confident brushstrokes. His paintings are represented on digital screens that one can "like", resulting in a red heart appearing over the image - just as on social media.
WATCH: Glastonbury announces more acts set to perform
Modern-day selfies are different because they show "how we would like the world to see us, rather than how we are and who we are," said Saatchi Gallery Chief Executive Nigel Hurst.
"It's no coincidence... that most selfies are shot in pretty exotic locations, on holiday when people are experiencing things that are away from their humdrum, mundane lives," he told Reuters. "It's not about sharing our humanity, it's about really sharing a version of our identity that we would like people to believe."
In the digital age, the selfie has become ubiquitous, and the word was added to the Oxford English Dictionary in 2013.
WATCH: Leaving EU flock rattles many UK farmers
Running to the end of May, the exhibition includes selfies by soccer player David Beckham and reality TV star Kim Kardashian, and even the first selfie shot by an animal (a monkey).
"People transform social media into something that is very expressive of being Chinese, or English, or Trinidadian and that is also true of the selfie," said University College London Professor Daniel Miller, who researched the phenomenon around the world.
"In southern Italy, people feel they almost have a responsibility to represent Italian stylishness. In Trinidad, you want to be highly individualistic."
The exhibition concludes with a critical stance on selfies, with an installation by Mexican artist Rafael Lozano-Hemmer and Polish artist Krzysztof Wodiczko of 12 surveillance cameras.
"Selfies are not an option, it's something that is opening out our identity for good but mostly for bad, shaping up a controlling society," Lozano-Hemmer said.
"The problem is not that we don't have privacy any more."
(Reporting By Marine Hass)
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON, June 14 Steve Scalise, the Republican leader wounded in a gunman's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game, is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives.
April 28 Meridian Mining SE
* Meridian Mining updates terms of private placement
* Meridian Mining SE - placement offering of units of company, meridian has amended price per unit from C$0.70 to c$0.40 per unit
* Meridian Mining SE - offering is now up to 11.25 million units for aggregate gross proceeds of up to c$4.5 million
* Meridian Mining SE - company has also agreed with Paradigm Capital Inc to complete private placement as a non-brokered placement.
* Meridian Mining SE - net proceeds from private placement will be used alongside cash flow being generated by company's Jaburi manganese project Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 10 Alaska Air Group Inc:
* Alaska Air Group reports March 2017 operational results
* March load factor decreased 0.2 points to 85.4 percent
* Alaska Air Group Inc says March passenger load factor 85.4% versus 85.6%
* Alaska Air- for March on combined basis, air group reported 5.5 percent increase in traffic on a 5.7 percent increase in capacity compared to March 2016
* Alaska Air Group Inc says March available seat miles ASM "capacity" of 5.12 billion, up 5.7%
* Alaska Air Group Inc says March revenue passenger miles RPM "traffic" of 4.37 billion, up 5.5% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The United Nations Security Council will not vote on Thursday on a draft resolution to condemn a deadly gas attack in a rebel-held area of northern Syria, but will continue negotiations, a British diplomat said.
Western countries have blamed President Bashar al-Assad's armed forces for Tuesday's attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in a rebel-held area of northern Syria hit by government air strikes. Syria's government has denied responsibility.
The United States, Britain and France proposed a draft resolution on Tuesday to condemn the attack and press Syria to cooperate with international investigators. Russia said the text was unacceptable and proposed a rival draft.
The elected 10 members of the 15-member council proposed a third draft resolution, based on the text by Western powers, on Thursday evening in a bid to reach consensus.
"U.N. Security Council will no longer vote on the (resolution) on Syria this evening. Consultations among Council members are ongoing," British diplomat Stephen Hickey posted on Twitter.
In February, Syrian ally Russia, backed by China, cast its seventh veto to protect Assad's government from council action, blocking a bid by Western powers to impose sanctions over accusations of chemical weapons attacks. China has vetoed six resolutions on Syria.
A Security Council resolution needs nine votes in favour and no vetoes by the United States, Britain, France, Russia or China to pass.
"Efforts continue to reach unity on a strong (Security Council) resolution w/ strong condemnation, immediate independent investigation & accountability," Swedish diplomat Carl Skau posted on Twitter.
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols; Editing by Toni Reinhold)
May 3 Triangle Capital Corp
* Triangle Capital Corporation reports first quarter 2017 results and announces quarterly cash dividend of $0.45 per share
* Qtrly net investment income per share $0.42
* Triangle Capital Corp - net investment income during q1 of 2017 was $17.8 million, compared to net investment income of $17.1 million for q4 of 2016
* Triangle Capital Corp - company's net asset value, or nav, at March 31, 2017, was $15.29 per share as compared to $15.13 per share at december 31, 2016
* Triangle Capital Corp-on May 1, co amended its senior secured credit facility to include an increase in current commitments from $300 million to $435 million
* Triangle Capital Corp - company amended its senior secured credit facility to include an extension in maturity by two years to april 30, 2022
* Triangle capital corp - interest rate for borrowings under credit facility remains unchanged at libor/cdor plus 2.75% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
DOHA, April 5 Qatar Petroleum (QP) and ExxonMobil will start drilling for oil and gas off the southern coast of Cyprus in 2018, the Qatari firm said after signing an exploration and production sharing contract with the Mediterranean island.
Exploring the Mediterranean's Levant Basin has become more attractive since Eni discovered Egypt's offshore Zohr field in 2015, the biggest gas field in the Mediterranean and estimated to contain 850 billion cubic metres of gas.
State-owned Qatar Petroleum and ExxonMobil were among bidders last year for a contract for Cyprus's offshore Block 10.
"A 3D seismic survey is already underway, as the consortium partners prepare to begin exploration drilling in 2018," QP said in a statement.
To maintain its dominance over competitors in the United States and Australia, QP is cutting costs at its domestic operations and seeking to expand overseas through joint ventures with international oil firms, QP said in February.
(Reporting by Tom Finn; Editing by Edmund Blair)
May 3 Blackpearl Resources Inc
* Blackpearl announces first quarter 2017 financial and operating results
* Qtrly production averaged 10,753 barrels of oil equivalent (boe) per day
* Planning to spend between $185 and $190 million on capital projects, down from our initial guidance of $200 million
* Blackpearl Resources Inc FY funds flow from operations is expected to be between $55 and $60 million
* Qtrly earnings per share $0.02
* Blackpearl Resources Inc - anticipate oil and gas production to average between 10,000 and 11,000 boe/d in 2017, unchanged from initial guidance
* Target for initial steam injection for second phase is mid-2018
* Oil production will be impacted during q2 as a result of a facility turnaround and inspection in May
* Blackpearl Resources Inc qtrly oil and gas revenue - gross of $37.2 million versus $13 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite him from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
By Scott T. Sterling
With the band's third album, What If Nothing, on the horizon, Ohio rock band Walk the Moon has opened up about the process behind its creation.
Related: Walk The Moon Debut ‘One Foot' Video
“The approach was just making noise, getting back to our roots of being a rock & roll band and just playing our instruments and letting the sound bounce off the walls,” singer Nicholas Petricca explained to Rolling Stone
“Sonically, we're reaching for taller, wider, and more vast, more epic sounds,” he said. “But the lyrics are kind of the opposite. They're much more personal and are very close to the heart, very raw.”
Despite the “chaos” that went into the new full-length, including the band canceling a tour last summer when Petricca's father fell ill, the singer is pleased with how What If Nothing ultimately turned out.
“There's this feeling where everything is like a bad haircut, and everything feels unfinished,” he revealed. “That moment of getting the record beyond the point of discomfort, until the record is to the point of, ‘Oh. What a relief. This feels amazing,' is a major lesson in trust – you really are just faced with having to trust yourself and your collaborators and the producer that this deformed laboratory monster is going to, eventually, grow wings and become something really beautiful.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
April 13 China Cord Blood Corp -
* China Cord Blood Corporation announces termination of evaluation and negotiation regarding "going private" proposal
* Special committee's recommendation was unanimous and adoption of its recommendation by full board of company was unanimous, with chairman Kam Yuen abstaining Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BUENOS AIRES, April 12 Argentina's state-run oil company YPF SA and Schlumberger AG, the world's top oil services provider, have reached a deal to invest $390 million in the Vaca Muerta shale field in Patagonia, YPF said on Wednesday.
In a letter to the Buenos Aires stock exchange, YPF said a division of Schlumberger would invest the full amount and obtain a 49 percent stake in the 228.5 square kilometer (88.22 square miles) Bandurria Sur concession, where the two companies would develop a two-phase shale oil pilot project. (Reporting by Luc Cohen)
Banks and energy companies surged Wednesday and smaller companies made huge gains as stocks got back almost all the ground they lost the day before. Investors reversed course as they hoped Italy would be able to avoid a new round of elections after all.
On Wednesday:
The S&P 500 index advanced 34.15 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,724.01.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 306.33 points, or 1.3 percent, to 24,667.78.
Advertisement
The Nasdaq composite added 65.86 points, or 0.9 percent, to 7,462.45.
The Russell 2000 index soared 24.34 points, or 1.5 percent, to 1,647.99.
For the week:
The S&P 500 is up 2.68 points, or 0.1 percent.
The Dow is down 85.31 points, or 0.3 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 28.60 points, or 0.4 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 21.06 points, or 1.3 percent.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is up 50.40 points, or 1.9 percent.
The Dow is down 51.44 points, or 0.2 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 559.06 points, or 8.1 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 112.48 points, or 7.3 percent.
May 3 Enviva Partners LP:
* Enviva Partners LP announces seventh consecutive distribution increase
* Enviva Partners LP says of its general partner declared a quarterly distribution of $0.5550 per common and subordinated unit for Q1 of 2017
* Board of directors of its general partner declared a quarterly distribution of $0.5550 per common and subordinated unit for Q1 of 2017
* New distribution is 8.8 percent higher than distribution for Q1 of 2016
* New distribution is 3.7 percent higher than distribution for Q4 of 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 29 Pernod Ricard Chairman and CEO for Europe, Middle East Africa & Latin America Christian Porta tells a conference call with analysts:
* Wants to have price increases in Britain in place in April-May, will not give further details as currently negotiating with trade partners.
* Pernod Ricard "quite confident" it can achieve over full year the 4 percent sales increase in Emea/Latam region it recorded in H1
* Pernod Ricard has no plans to open new markets in Africa in the short term in view of challenging macroeconomic nd geopoliical conditions. Group already present in seven countries in Africa. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Dominique Vidalon)
Romania's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST, June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament, his spokeswoman said on Thursday.
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
Traders work at their desks in front of the German share price index, DAX board, at the stock exchange in Frankfurt, Germany, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Staff/Remote
LONDON European shares slipped slightly from the 20-month highs they hit in the previous session, as investors locked in some profits following some underwhelming company results.
Europe's STOXX 600 index was down 0.2 percent by 0725 GMT. France's CAC 40 and Germany's DAX fell 0.3 and 0.1 percent, retreating from their highs.
Hugo Boss shares fell 6 percent, with traders citing like-for-like sales slightly underperforming expectations. The German fashion house added to signs of a pick-up in the luxury sector, reporting a better than expected profit boosted by strong sales in Britain and China.
Dialog Semiconductor shares slid 2.9 percent at the open after its main client Apple reported a surprise dip in iPhone sales.
They had plummeted 14 percent in April on fears over Apple bringing some of its components in-house. Peer STMicro was a top faller on Italy's blue-chips, down 1.6 percent.
German bluechip automakers Daimler and BMW were also on the backfoot after a disappointing set of April auto sales in the U.S. Daimler shares fell about 1 percent.
Gains among healthcare stocks supported the index, with Novo Nordisk and Fresenius both up 4.6 and 2.7 percent respectively after upping 2017 profit forecasts in their first-quarter results. Fresenius shares touched a record high.
Finland's Nokian Tyres was a top faller, down 4.8 percent after it missed on operating profit in its first-quarter results.
Overall, first-quarter earnings are expected to increase 10.5 percent from the first quarter of 2016, or 6.2 percent excluding the energy sector, Thomson Reuters data showed.
Of 111 companies having reported earnings so far, 70.3 percent exceeded analyst estimates; above the 49.5 percent of beats in a typical quarter.
(Reporting by Helen Reid, Editing by Vikram Subhedar)
SEOUL, May 2 Daily net trading in shares on South Korea's main stock exchange by three major categories of investors as of 0742 GMT, in billions of South Korean won (a negative figure indicates net selling): FOREIGNERS INSTITUTIONS RETAIL May 2 133.6 -45.0 -130.1 ^April 28 -15.1 -354.8 339.9 April 27 13.3 -158.7 154.9 April 26 298.4 76.8 -368 April 25 651.6 -281.0 -367.8 April 24 338.1 -72.4 -249.5 April 21 242.5 89.9 -316.5 April 20 76.3 223.6 -276.1 April 19 -225.1 110.4 116.0 April 18 11.4 38.5 -48.2 April 17 -111.7 266.6 -160.9 April 14 -73.5 22.8 44.4 April 13 -1.1 104.2 -113.8 April 12 79.1 -104.8 24.8 April 11 -126.6 97.8 31.4 Month to date 133.6 -45.0 -130.1 Year to date 6.390.1 -5,212.7 -3,572.7 ^ April 28 figures revised. ($1 = 1,128.7300 won) (Reporting by Yuna Park)
FILE PHOTO: Construction cranes are seen on a residential building project behind homes in London, Britain, October 26, 2016. REUTERS/Toby Melville/Files
LONDON May 3 Growth in Britain's construction industry accelerated to a four-month high in April, adding to tentative signs that the economy might be recovering a little momentum after a lacklustre start to 2017, a survey showed on Wednesday.
The Markit/CIPS UK Construction Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) rose to 53.1 from 52.2 in March, against forecasts in a Reuters poll of economists for a slight fall.
Civil engineering grew at the fastest pace in just over a year and growth in house-building hit a four-month high.
The figures followed a similar survey published on Monday that showed British factories had their best month in three years in April.
The readings should come as a relief for Prime Minister Theresa May as she gears up for a national election on June 8.
Official data last week showed the economy slowed sharply in the first three months of the year as inflation hurt consumers.
Wednesday's release showed construction companies took on workers at the fastest rate since May last year to help cope with an influx of new orders, while cost pressures on firms eased further after hitting six-year highs earlier in 2017.
Bank of England officials are due to meet next week to set interest rates, with some policymakers uneasy about the risk of inflation becoming entrenched in the economy.
Economists will be eyeing Thursday's PMI for the much larger services sector for a stronger steer on how the economy has started the second quarter.
(Reporting by Andy Bruce; editing by John Stonestreet)
May 3 Alpha And Omega Semiconductor Ltd
* Alpha And Omega Semiconductor reports financial results for the fiscal third quarter of 2017 ended March 31, 2017
* Sees q4 2017 revenue $95 million to $99 million
* Qtrly earnings per share $0.14
* Qtrly revenue $ 93.3 million versus $ 83.0 million
* Alpha And Omega Semiconductor Ltd qtrly diluted earnings per share $0.14
* Alpha And Omega Semiconductor Ltd sees q4 gaap gross margin is expected to be 24.5% plus or minus 1% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
COLOMBO, March 30 Sri Lankan shares rose for a third straight session on Thursday, closing at their highest in more than one week, helped by foreign investor buying and quarter-end window dressing, stockbrokers said.
The Colombo stock index closed 0.31 percent firmer at 6,040.18, its highest close since March 21.
On Monday, it had closed at its lowest since March 15, 2016 after the central bank tightened its monetary policy on Friday by 25 basis points to contain high inflationary expectations.
Stockbrokers said rising interest rates have kept most investors on the sidelines. Yields on treasury bills rose 6-16 basis points at a weekly auction on Wednesday.
"Local buying demand is increasing and the market is moving up on blue chips. Buying interest from the retail side is slowly improving," said Dimantha Mathew, head of research, First Capital Equities (Pvt) Ltd.
"Local buying interest has now started to improve but the foreign side is still dominating."
Foreign investors net bought shares worth 200 million rupees ($1.32 million) on Thursday, raising the year-to-date net foreign inflow to 4.58 billion rupees in equities.
Turnover stood at 1.18 billion rupees, well above this year's daily average of 718.3 million rupees.
Shares of Nestle Lanka Plc jumped 4.46 percent, Ceylon Theatres Plc rose 10.30 percent, Ceylon Cold Stores Plc gained 0.82 percent, and Commercial Bank of Ceylon Plc, the country's biggest listed lender, ended up 0.93 percent. ($1 = 151.8500 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
April 5 A U.S. prosecutor on Wednesday urged jurors in Manhattan federal court to convict Las Vegas sports gambler William "Billy" Walters on insider trading charges, describing a pattern of "repeated conduct that can only be described as brazen."
In a closing argument Wednesday afternoon, Assistant U.S. Attorney Brooke Cucinella said Walters' trading and phone records proved that he traded in Dean Foods Co stock based on confidential tips from Tom Davis, the former chairman of Dean's board. Davis, who has pleaded guilty to insider trading and is cooperating with prosecutors, testified during the three-week trial that he tipped Walters.
Walters's lawyer, Barry Berke, has said that is lying and that Walters made money in Dean Foods, a leading dairy company, through diligent research, using the same talents that made him a successful sports gambler. Berke is expected to deliver his closing argument on Thursday.
Cucinella made only a brief mention of star golfer Phil Mickelson, who allegedly received a tip from Walters and whose involvement has drawn attention to the case. Mickelson has not been accused of wrongdoing and did not testify during the trial.
Instead, she focused on the timing of calls between Walters and Davis and Walters' trades. She said there was a clear pattern, stretching over a period of years, in which Walters made large trades in Dean Foods stock after talking to Davis.
That fit with Davis's testimony that he was giving Walters inside information, including advance notice of the company's earnings reports and about the 2012 spinoff of part of its business, she said.
Starting in 2011, she said, Walters and Davis began communicating using so-called "burner" phones not registered in their names, she said.
Davis's tips allowed Walters to make more than $40 million in gains and avoided losses, Cucinella said. In return, she said, Walters arranged personal loans of nearly $1 million for Davis.
Cucinella acknowledged Davis might not appear trustworthy. Davis admitted on the stand to stealing money from a charity he ran, falsifying taxes and cheating on two ex-wives.
But Cucinella said Davis's dishonesty was the reason Walters turned to him for insider tips.
"The defendant knew exactly who Tom Davis was and how he's cheated on everyone he's ever met, from his wives to his fellow board members," she said.
The case is U.S. v. Davis et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 16-cr-00338. (Reporting By Brendan Pierson in New York; Editing by Bill Trott)
CULVER CITY — Ground was officially broken Sept. 27 to mark the formal start of construction of Ivy Station, a $350 million development at the Culver City Expo Line stop.
Ivy Station is located at the intersections of Venice, Washington and National boulevards.
Once completed, Ivy Station will feature 200 apartments, 55,000 square feet of ground-floor retail and restaurant space, a 148-room hotel, a 200,000-square-foot office building and two acres of open space.
Ivy Station is being developed by Lowe Enterprises, Rockwood Capital and AECOM Capital and is scheduled to be completed in 2019.
“The city's overall plan has been to create a higher-density transit-served neighborhood that provides new, quality housing, retail and employment opportunities that will help improve regional mobility and air quality by reducing local reliance on the automobile,” Culver City Mayor Jeffrey Cooper said. “We have developed a strong partnership with Lowe, and we look forward to the opening of the Ivy Station project.”
Ivy Station's proximity to the city's burgeoning shopping, dining and business district offers easy access to everyone.
Whether it be a family having brunch followed by a day in the park, a business professional taking a break with a cup of coffee or a group of friends grabbing a drink after a day at work, Ivy Station will have something to offer for anyone looking to step away from the rush of the city, according to the developers.
When completed, Ivy Station will provide connections to transit, the community, tenants and visitors alike. Concerts, movie nights, wine and cheese festivals, fitness classes, holiday craft fairs and seasonal activities are just some of the events planned for the park.
The development also will provide 1,500 spaces of below-grade parking, 300 of which will be dedicated for use by transit riders. A 585-space parking lot for the Expo Line station was closed in February to make preparations for the construction.
“Along with our great partners Lowe and Rockwood, we are thrilled to celebrate this important milestone for Ivy Station,” said AECOM Capital CEO John T. Livingston. “This project is a true transit-oriented mixed-use development, allowing residents as well as the community of Culver City to take advantage of both the Expo Line and the new public space amenities we are developing.
“We applaud Culver City for having the vision to create this bold new project.”
AIRSHOW-CDB in talks with Boeing, Airbus ahead of Le Bourget
PARIS, June 15 CDB Aviation, the aircraft leasing arm of China Development Bank, is in talks to place orders with both Boeing and Airbus and could complete at least one of the deals by as early as next week's Paris Airshow, two people familiar with the matter said.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Croatian championship matches on Saturday Saturday, August 12 Inter Zapresic 2 Istra 1961 2 NK Lokomotiva 2 Osijek 3 Friday, August 11 Hajduk Split 1 Slaven Belupo Koprivnica 0 Rijeka 0 Dinamo Zagreb 2 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Dinamo Zagreb 5 4 1 0 12 2 13 ------------------------- 2 Hajduk Split 5 3 1 1 9 7 10 3 Rijeka 5 3 0 2 8 4 9 ------------------------- 4 Osijek 5 2 3 0 7 5 9 ------------------------- 5 Slaven Belupo Koprivnica 5 3 0 2 4 4 9 6 Inter Zapresic 5 2 2 1 9 6 8 7 NK Lokomotiva 5 1 1 3 6 9 4 8 Istra 1961 5 0 2 3 4 9 2 ------------------------- 9 NK Rudes 4 0 2 2 3 8 2 ------------------------- 10 HNK Cibalia 4 0 0 4 3 11 0 1: Champions League preliminary round 2-3: Europa League preliminary round 4: Europa League depending on domestic cup 9: Relegation play-off 10: Relegation Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, August 13 HNK Cibalia v NK Rudes (1700)
LONDON (Reuters) - Usain Bolt's final track appearance ended with pain and frustration on Saturday as he pulled up injured running the final leg of the World Championships 4x100 metres relay as Britain stunned the United States to win a shock gold medal.
Bolt, who had to settle for bronze in the individual 100 metres, had been hoping to sign off from the sport by leading Jamaica to a fifth successive world relay title but they were struggling in a distant third place when he collected the baton.
As he tried to gain ground, Bolt pulled up and fell to the floor midway down the home straight with what was later described as cramp in his left hamstring.
However, the 60,000 in the stadium who had come to mark the farewell of sport's greatest showman had only a split second to absorb what was happening as up ahead history was being made by the host nation.
The United States, with individual 100m gold and silver medallists Justin Gatlin and Christian Coleman running the second and fourth legs, had been expected to push the Jamaicans all the way but they were always trailing the slick Britons.
Brilliantly executed exchanges by Chijindu Ujah, Adam Gemili, Danny Talbot and Nethaneel Mitchell-Blake gave Britain gold in 37.47 seconds, breaking an 18-year-old national record and European record and securing the world title for the first time.
"I wasn't sure if I had won or not, I gave it my all but I could see Christian Coleman out of the corner of my eye," said Mitchell-Blake.
"The feeling of euphoria was from infinity. I can't register it. We smashed the British record to pieces."
Five years ago Talbot and the 18-year-old Gemili messed up a changeover as Britain were disqualified in the semi-finals of their own Olympics on the same London track so it was a particularly sweet moment for the two.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – men's 4 x 100 meters relay final – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 12, 2017 – Nethaneel Mitchell-Blake of Britain celebrates winning the gold medal. John Sibley
"To run it with Danny Talbot after such disappointment in London 2012, it is so special to come back," said Gemili, who was not selected for the individual races and missed an Olympic 200m bronze by three thousandths of a second last year.
"It's crazy. Honestly a dream and a reality tonight."
Britain's only other men's global sprint relay golds came in the 1912 and 2004 Olympics while their winning time that beat their 1999 best of 37.73 has only been bettered by Jamaica and the U.S.
Slideshow (3 Images)
It completed a great night for the host nation's sprinters after their women had earlier taken silver behind the Americans in the sprint relay, their best performance since the first championships in 1983.
The U.S. men took silver in 37.52 but for a nation that used to be totally dominant in the event, it was only their second medal in the last eight global finals after a series of world and Olympic disqualifications.
"After DQs in recent years we knew we had to get the baton round and to finish the night smoothly is a fantastic achievement and we'll enjoy our moment on the podium," said Gatlin.
"The Brits had a hell of a race. You can't take it from them. They had the pressure of running on home soil and they delivered."
On his old rival Bolt he said: "This is farewell time, I am sentimental about it already now."
Japan took advantage of Jamaica's travails to take third in 38.04, just holding off China (38.34).
(Adds context on Brazil's economy)
BRASILIA, March 31 Economic activity in Brazil fell slightly more than expected in January, central bank data showed on Friday, in a poor start to the year for an economy expected to emerge from recession soon.
Economic activity fell 0.26 percent in January from December after seasonal adjustments, the central bank said on Friday, after a decline of 0.32 percent in the previous month.
The median forecast of economists in a Reuters poll predicted a drop of 0.10 percent.
Brazil's economy is expected to grow around 0.5 percent in 2017 after shrinking by more than 3 percent in each of the past two years. The recession, the worst ever in Latin America's largest country, fueled a political crisis as unemployment soared and many companies went bankrupt.
The IBC-Br index measures activity in agriculture, industry and services and is considered an advance indicator of gross domestic product data.
Data earlier this month showed that while industrial output recovered in January, retail sales and services activity fell more than expected, frustrating hopes of a recovery. Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles has repeated that Brazil is set to resume growth in the first quarter of 2017, but economists have cut their estimates for economic growth recently. (Reporting by Silvio Cascione; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
LONDON, March 29 British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday she faced a "tight" timetable to negotiate the terms on which the country will leave the European Union in two years' time.
Asked in parliament about how she could guarantee certainty for businesses after Brexit, May confirmed she planned to convert existing EU law into British legislation to ensure continuity in the immediate period after Brexit.
"It is a tight timetable to get the agreement for our future relationship," she said. "There will need to be implementation periods so that we can ensure that that is then put into practice in a way that makes practical sense for business, and indeed for governments."
May filed formal Brexit divorce papers on Wednesday, pitching Britain into the unknown and triggering years of uncertain negotiations that will test the EU's cohesion. (Reporting by David Milliken; editing by Stephen Addison)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Resilient Reit Ltd:
* ‍INSTITUTIONAL SHAREHOLDERS HAVE SUGGESTED SIYAKHA EDUCATION TRUSTS BECOME MORE PUBLIC REGARDING THEIR OPERATIONS AND AFFAIRS.
* ‍BOARD HAS REQUESTED TRUSTEES TO RESPOND OPENLY TO INTEREST FROM SOME INVESTORS IN RELATION TO THE SIYAKHA EDUCATION TRUSTS​
* INSTITUTIONAL SHAREHOLDERS ALSO SUGGESTED BROAD-BASED EDUCATIONAL INITIATIVES ESTABLISHED BY RESILIENT, BECOME MORE PUBLIC REGARDING OPERATIONS
* NOTED CRITICISM OF CROSS-HOLDINGS BETWEEN RESILIENT AND FORTRESS REIT
* ‍FORTRESS REMAINS AN ATTRACTIVE INVESTMENT
* ‍HAS NOT BEEN PRESENTED WITH ANY COMPLAINTS OR ALLEGATIONS OF WRONGDOING​
* ‍OPERATIONS AND AFFAIRS OF COMPANY REMAIN SOUND AND ARE NOT IMPACTED BY ANY WEAKNESS IN SHARE PRICES​
* ‍HAS NO REASON TO REVISIT ITS STATED GUIDANCE FOR GROWTH IN DISTRIBUTION​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 13 Novatti Group Ltd-
* Reseller agreement to target indian payments market,tsn
* Subsidiary has entered into an exclusive agreement with Transaction Solutions International Limited
* Novatti and tsn will work on a shared outcome basis to deploy Novatti payment solutions to clients of tsi in india
* Under deal Novatti will get a mixture of wholesale and revenue share fees and revenues will be dependent on sales volumes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 13 The University of California at Berkeley and University of Vienna in Austria have appealed a ruling allowing a research center affiliated with MIT and Harvard to keep valuable patents on a revolutionary gene-editing technology known as CRISPR.
The patent rights could be worth billions of dollars as the technology could revolutionize treatment of genetic diseases, crop engineering and other areas.
The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's Patent Trial and Appeal Board in Alexandria, Virginia, in February ruled in favor of Broad Institute, a biological and genomic research center affiliated with MIT and Harvard, that they invented the technology first.
In the appeal, Berkeley and the University of Vienna are seeking a review and reversal of the February decision, which they say did not determine which inventors actually invented the use of the technology in certain cells. (Reporting by Natalie Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
A banner hangs under the logo of National Insurance, a unit of National Bank of Greece, at the company's headquarters in Athens, Greece May 2, 2017. The banner reads ''No to the sale of National Insurance''. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
ATHENS An offer for National Bank's insurance business by Calamos and Exin will be hard to match, partly because of the cultural and commercial links they have with Greece, the investment duo's chief executives said.
The pair is up against three Chinese groups looking to buy at least 75 percent of National Bank's (NBGr.AT) insurance unit as part of a regulator-approved restructuring plan by Greece's second-largest lender by assets to exit non-banking operations.
John Koudounis, CEO of Chicago-based Calamos Investments, reckons a Greek-American background is a major advantage in taking on Chinese groups Fosun (0656.HK), Shanghai-based Gongbao and Wintime to buy National Insurance.
Greece's oldest insurer, which was founded in 1891, provides life and non-life insurance products, had a 16.6 percent share of the market last year and 2015 net profit of 98 million euros.
Greek media have reported that the deal, which has to close by year-end, could be worth around 800 million euros. NBG, which is being advised by Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, is likely to make its decision on a buyer well before the deadline.
"We know the insurance market and we know Greece. We are long-term investors and will be in Greece to stay," Koudounis, whose Calamos fund has $20 billion under management, said.
"We are very confident that the entire package we bring to the table in this process will be unmatched," he said, adding that the deal is being closely watched by other prominent Greek-American investors who were "ready to pile in" to Greece.
MONEY IN, NOT OUT
Exin Partners, a Netherlands-based investor focused on insurance, reinsurance and asset management, bought insurer AIG-Greece from AIG in December, partnering with founders Canellopoulos Adamantiadis Insurance Agency.
"We aim to bring investment into the country, not take money out," Matt Fairfield, founder and co-CEO of Exin Partners, said.
Mergers and acquisitions picked up in Greece last year, but remained at low levels as several privatizations were delayed, according business consultancy PricewaterhouseCoopers.
There were 38 M&A deals in Greece in 2016, nearly tripling in value to 4.4 billion euros from 1.4 billion in 2015, with 75 percent made up of the sales of Greek banks' non-core assets.
Other Greek banks have been divesting non-core assets and foreign subsidiaries. Eurobank (EURBr.AT) has sold an 80 percent stake in its insurance unit Eurolife to Canada's Fairfax Financial Holdings (FFH.TO) for 316 million euros.
Calamos-Exin is also looking at other sectors in Greece, including real estate, banks and non-performing loans, the CEOs said. They both declined to comment on pricing details due to non-disclosure agreements, but said the acquisition of National Insurance would be funded with equity capital and no debt.
Koudounis said now is the right time to be investing in Greece as long-awaited reforms get done, adding that foreign hedge funds had not timed their purchases of Greek banks well and were nursing losses.
"Even if we are a bit premature, because you can never time the exact bottom, in our model of long-term investing it won't matter," Koudounis said.
(Editing by Jeremy Gaunt and Alexander Smith)
MIDEAST STOCKS-Gulf falls as oil drops; banks soft despite rate rises
DUBAI, June 15 A tumble in crude oil prices to November lows put pressure on Gulf stock markets on Thursday morning, while banking shares reacted little to interest rate hikes in the region following the U.S. Federal Reserve's move overnight. Riyadh's stock index was down 0.3 percent after half an hour after Brent crude dipped below $47 a barrel; half of the 14 listed petrochemical producers fell, with PetroRabigh down 0.9 percent.
BANGKOK: Thailand on Tuesday volunteered to host the hotly anticipated summit between US President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, as speculation swirls about the venue.
“Thailand is ready to facilitate and host the talks,” Foreign Minister Don Pramudwinai told reporters, though he stressed that the kingdom has not been contacted about the possibility.
The US embassy declined to comment.
Kim is set to meet South Korea's president Moon Jae-in on Friday, an event seen as a major stepping stone towards the summit with Trump.
Earlier this month Trump said five locations were under consideration for a summit “probably in early June”, which he hopes will result in a denuclearization deal with North Korea.
But he did not specify where, leaving observers to speculate on anywhere from Mongolia to Scandinavia and Singapore.
Thailand is a historic US ally which also has diplomatic relations with North Korea.
The Thai junta number two Prawit Wongsuwon is currently in the US where he has met Defense Secretary James Mattis and senior Homeland Security officials, according to the Thai defense ministry.
Over the weekend Pyongyang announced a moratorium on nuclear tests and intercontinental ballistic missile launches.
Analysts are divided over the headline-grabbing offer, with many noting it is reversible and did not signal any intention of actual nuclear disarmament.
AFP
Dec 11 (Reuters) - Downer EDI Ltd:
* CO WITH JV PARTENER ‍AUSENCO PTY AWARDED CONTRACT BY OZ MINERALS CARRAPATEENA PTY LTD FOR WORK AT CARRAPATEENA COPPER GOLD MINE PROJECT​
* ‍INITIAL LNTP WORKS VALUED AT ABOUT $100 MILLION WITH FULL CONTRACT VALUE ESTIMATED AT ABOUT $312 MILLION​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BARCELONA Manchester United were given a much-needed boost in defence ahead of their Europa League semi-final first leg at Celta Vigo as coach Jose Mourinho said on Wednesday that Phil Jones, Chris Smalling and Eric Bailly had all been passed fit.
Centre backs Smalling and Jones have not played for six weeks since getting injured on England duty while Bailly has recovered after being forced off during Sunday's 1-1 draw with Swansea City.
Bailly's injury temporarily left United with no natural centre backs following Marcos Rojo's serious knee injury.
While Mourinho has previously criticised Jones and Smalling for being too "cautious" with their injuries, he praised the Ivory Coast international Bailly for returning so quickly.
"Bailly is ready to play, he is this kind of personality that fights against every problem unless it is impossible," Mourinho told a news conference ahead of Thursday's game.
Mourinho also said world-record signing Paul Pogba is ready to return against Celta -- who are in their first European semi-final and have never won a major trophy -- after missing the last two games with muscle fatigue.
Juan Mata, who has been absent for the last six weeks with a groin problem, is also fit although Mourinho said the Spaniard was not ready to play 90 minutes.
The UEFA Cup, the Europa League's predecessor, was the first European trophy Mourinho lifted, with his Porto side beating Celtic in the 2003 final.
The Portuguese has belittled the competition in the past but reiterated on Wednesday that winning it with United was his priority and his side's best chance of qualifying for the Champions League after an inconsistent domestic campaign.
The 20-times English champions are fifth in the Premier League with four games remaining.
Although they are one point behind fourth-placed Manchester City, Mourinho said he was willing to rest players for Sunday's Premier League game at Arsenal in preparation for next Thursday's second leg against Celta.
"It is the only competition Manchester United has never won and it would be good to close the cycle and say we have won every competition as a club. It would be important for us a team and allows us to play Champions League next season," he said.
"The Europa League becomes now more important for us. It depends on the result tomorrow but if we have to rest players next weekend we are going to do that.
"The Europa League is a long competition, to be in the final the team has to play in a group stage, three knockout phases, you have to travel a lot. So when you arrive in the semi-final you want to be in the final. Celta wants it and we want it."
(Reporting by Richard Martin; Editing by Toby Davis)
LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - Anyone wondering about the curious predicaments of Jeffrey Lacker and Paul Tucker might want to cast a glance at a 1906 comment in Banker's Magazine, a British trade journal: “The money market is controlled by the joint-stock banks and the Bank of England is compelled to seek their active cooperation in order to protect its stock of gold.” The terms are dated, but the compulsion problem is current. Central banks are too weak to do their job well.
Lacker resigned last week as president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond. He admitted that he had not acted appropriately in 2012, saying a conversation he had with a financially savvy outsider may have disclosed confidential information about Fed policy options.
Fed leaks at any time are not really surprising. Back in 2012, the U.S. central bank was trying to persuade the financial world that monetary-policy largesse would continue for a long time. To win hearts, minds and dollars, it supplemented official statements with fuller and franker private conversations. Valuable information can easily slip out when you're anxious to sell your story, and Lacker wasn't alone in having such conversations.
Tucker's problem dates from the 2008 financial crisis. A newly discovered recording revives the accusation that the then-executive director of the Bank of England encouraged market participants to bend the truth about the cost of funding. He has denied any wrongdoing.
But if Tucker did not encourage bankers to put an optimistic spin on the state of the money market, he was in dereliction of one part of his professional duty. The UK's central bank was responsible for avoiding market panic. A fully honest account might well have sparked one.
The 1906 article identified the common theme of these two scandals. Now, just as 111 years ago, the monetary authorities depend on the cooperation of the institutions they are supposed to be regulating. Central banks have to cajole the financial system to keep it in line.
A century ago, financial stability took the form of a high ratio of actual gold to gold-backed money. It was a sort of confidence game. In a panic, the Bank of England would never keep its promise to pay out gold for banknotes, so the system relied on financial-market participants not panicking. But a meltdown was more likely if the market participants, in particular the joint-stock banks, created too many deposits which could be redeemed for cash and then for gold.
So the central bank was left in an awkward position of simultaneously begging its trading counterparties to behave and telling them to trust its ability to make them conform. It was as needy as it was needed, a co-dependence which gave financial institutions a good deal of power.
The Bank of England was a private institution then. Nationalisation in 1946 gave it more official clout, but not enough to be able to calm the markets on its own in 2008. Once again, it needed cooperation from the institutions it was supposed to be controlling. The Fed, which was only created in 1913, also requires the compliance of the financial system to ensure that its policies bear the desired fruit. That is the same system that the Fed is supposed to keep aligned with the economic good.
This is not the normal relationship of the regulator to the regulated. The government agencies which keep food, medical care and flying safe have full and ultimate control. They can push around any company, no matter how large. Of course, the regulators often fall short. They are frequently captured, as economists say – promoting the agenda of industries which offer them helpful but biased information, fine meals and perhaps the prospect of excellent jobs.
Central banks also suffer from this sort of capture. Indeed, finance offers great enough material rewards to tempt saints. The migration of central bankers to and from financial institutions is unseemly at best, destructive at worst.
But monetary regulation has a more severe structural problem. Central banks are not far enough above the system they supervise. Since they cannot tell banks how much or what kind of credit to offer, they cannot really control the money system. They can only work indirectly. Mostly, they use open-market transactions to push the financial system in the desired directions. Sometimes they resort to words.
The situation has not changed much since 1906. Central banks still work much as they did when they were basically normal banks, just with the special privilege of printing banknotes. That level of authority is totally inadequate for an economy which runs almost entirely on bank-created deposits.
The monetary authorities would be much better placed to avoid credit bubbles and busts, and to limit conflicts and deceit, if they could behave more like other regulators. That would require more direct control over the active money supply and more adversarial relationships with banks and brokers. The changes would be revolutionary – and perhaps politically impossible – but it is foolish to put 19th-century organisations at the centre of 21st-century finance and expect a perfect outcome.
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting himself as officers closed in.
April 12 New Pride Corp :
* Says it will issue 14th series unregistered and unsecured private convertible bonds, to raise 1.1 billion won in proceeds for operations
* Maturity date is April 12, 2020, coupon rate is 3 percent and yield to maturity is 7 percent for the bonds
* Conversion price is 2,890 won/share and conversion ratio is 100 percent
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/q3E7Kr
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Brazil's Itau forms credit intelligence venture with four other banks
São Paulo, June 14 Itaú Unibanco Holding SA , Brazil's largest lender by market value, said on Wednesday it had formed a credit intelligence venture with Banco Bradesco SA, Banco Santander, Banco do Brasil and Caixa Economica Federal.
BARCELONA, April 28 Relegation is almost inevitable for struggling Granada, head coach Tony Adams admitted on Friday after just three games in charge of the La Liga club.
"I think unfortunately we are almost in the Segunda Division," the former Arsenal and England captain, who watched the side suffer their third straight defeat under his leadership on Tuesday, told a news conference.
"This week has been a relief, we've felt a bit of freedom because we were under a lot of pressure, especially the young players who are not very experienced.
"It's been a very tough situation, especially for these players. It's important for me to now focus on the players who are going to be here next season."
Granada, who are second from bottom and 10 points from safety, appointed former Real Madrid player John Metgod as an assistant coach on Friday to help Adams in the remaining four games.
They must win at Real Sociedad on Saturday to prevent immediate relegation although even an unlikely first victory in 10 games might only delay their fate until Sunday, when 17th-placed Leganes play Eibar.
The Andalusian club, who have spent the past six seasons in La Liga, were seven points shy of safety when Adams succeeded the sacked Lucas Alcaraz on April 10 saying he would try to "liven up the team as we try to achieve a miracle".
Yet far from galvanise the ailing team, whose squad is made up of players from 20 nationalities, most of them on loan, the former England defender has had the effect of accelerating their downfall.
Granada have lost all three games under him, conceding seven goals and scoring none.
FANS WALK OUT
Tuesday's disheartening 2-0 loss at home to Malaga left them on the brink of relegation and Sandro Ramirez's second goal for the visitors provoked a mass walkout from supporters, while some players were in tears at the final whistle.
Adams deflected blame from himself for the defeat to Malaga and highlighted the players' "technical deficiencies" and lack of experience. He has also left local and national reporters bemused by his happy demeanour after each defeat.
Leading television presenter Josep Pedrerol began his 'Jugones' programme on Wednesday by lambasting Adams for passing the blame on to the players and calling for him to show more respect for the club's supporters.
Adams was the backbone of Arsenal for almost two decades but his coaching career has been poor in comparison to his achievements as a player. He witnessed relegation to England's League Two with Wycombe Wanderers in 2004 and was sacked within four months of taking charge of Portsmouth in 2009.
He also spent a year in Azerbaijan in charge of Gabala between 2010 and 2011, returning to the club as sporting director.
It was in Azerbaijan that he met Jiang Lizhang, who became president of Granada in 2016 after purchasing the club from the Pozzo family and hired Adams last November in an advisory role in addition to his job with Lizhang's firm DDMC Football Club Management Company.
Adams's presence at Granada went largely unnoticed until March and he has said that he never intended to coach the club until Lizhang asked him to.
His unexpected appointment has been likened to the time when Valencia owner Peter Lim hired Adams's former England teammate Gary Neville as coach in December 2015 with similarly dismal consequences.
Neville, who like Adams does not speak Spanish, was sacked by Valencia little more than three months later with the worst record in the club's history. (Editing by Clare Fallon)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
WASHINGTON The top U.S. commander in Iraq on Tuesday said the type of weapon fired by the U.S.-led coalition in Mosul in a recent air strike should not have caused a blast big enough to collapse an entire building, a potential sign of Islamic State's role in civilian casualties.
"Actually our munitions, the fact that the whole building collapsed, actually contradicts our involvement," said U.S. Army Lieutenant General Stephen Townsend, addressing Pentagon reporters.
"The munition that we used should not have collapsed an entire building. So that is one of those things that we are trying to figure out in the investigative process because we have ... munitions in our inventory that can collapse whole buildings. That is not what we used in this case."
Conflicting accounts have emerged since the March 17 explosion in al-Jadida district in west Mosul, where Iraqi forces backed by U.S.-led coalition air strikes are fighting to clear Islamic State militants from Iraq's second city.
Investigators are in Mosul to determine whether a U.S.-led coalition strike or Islamic State-rigged explosives caused a blast that destroyed buildings and may have killed more than 200 people.
(Reporting by Idrees Ali and Phil Stewart; Editing by James Dalgleish)
March 30 Nationz Technologies Inc :
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to decrease by 12 percent to 27.3 percent, or to be 19 million yuan to 23 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (26.1 million yuan)
* Says decreased sales margin as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/a6H75i
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
* Czech central bank holds non-policy meeting * Some investors think cenbank may abandon crown cap * Non-policy meeting results are normally not communicated * Implied rate strongest since 2013 in 3-month forward deals By Sandor Peto and Jason Hovet BUDAPEST/PRAGUE, April 6 The crown firmed on the spot market and in forwards on Thursday as the Czech central bank was holding a meeting where some market players said it may remove its 3-and-1/2-year cap on the crown's value. If it does so, the currency may face heavy swings around the cap level, dealers and analysts have said. One dealer said he saw market expectations growing that the bank (CNB) could use the meeting to decide on the end of the cap which has kept the crown weaker than 27 against the euro since 2013. "I think there is chance it could be today and would think there could be some more selling of euros to buy crowns just for a try in the morning," the dealer said. "Anyway it would be good test for market forces." The Czech central bank normally does not communicate results of its weekly non-policy meetings. The meeting was due to start at 0700 GMT. The crown traded 0.1 percent firmer, at 27.02 against the euro, while the Polish zloty eased 0.1 percent. The crown's implied rates in forward contracts also strengthened, with the 3-month rate touching its firmest level since 2013, at 26.789. The bank has tripled its foreign currency reserves since 2013 to defend the cap and most analysts think that it will seek to get rid of the cap soon, possibly this month or in May. Its euro buying picked up in the past months as many investors speculated that the steadily growing and stable Czech economy could help the crown surge once the cap is removed. Others, however, fear that the currency has got overbought. The bank's commitment to keep the cap ended on Friday and it did not extend it as inflation, which had been anaemic around zero for years, has reached the bank's 2 percent target in the past months. In a Reuters poll of analysts published on Thursday, seven of 16 analysts predicted that the crown would firm past the current cap level by the end of April. For end-June, 13 of 18 analysts projected a firmer level than 27. Market participants expect a jump in volatility of the crown once the cap is removed. Generali Investments CEE chief economist Radomir Jac said the bank was likely to wait to see March inflation figures, due on April 10, before removing the cap. CEE SNAPS AT 1025 MARKETS HOT CET CURRENCIES Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e bid close chang in e 2017 Czech crown 27.02 27.03 +0.0 -0.05 00 95 7% % Hungary 310.4 310.3 -0.02 -0.52 forint 300 750 % % Polish 4.237 4.232 -0.13 3.92% zloty 6 3 % Romanian 4.524 4.530 +0.1 0.23% leu 8 0 1% Croatian 7.460 7.448 -0.16 1.27% kuna 0 2 % Serbian 123.7 123.8 +0.0 -0.31 dinar 300 250 8% % Note: daily calculate previ close 1800 change d from ous at CET STOCK S Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e close chang in e 2017 Prague 977.7 980.7 -0.31 +6.0 2 8 % 9% Budapest 32373 32405 -0.10 +1.1 .01 .13 % 6% Warsaw 2236. 2253. -0.74 +14. 89 64 % 83% Bucharest 8217. 8201. +0.2 +15. 92 83 0% 99% Ljubljana 778.8 779.2 -0.06 +8.5 1 9 % 3% Zagreb 1938. 1946. -0.43 -2.83 30 65 % % Belgrade 4 7 0% 8% Sofia 643.1 641.7 +0.2 +9.6 9 7 2% 8% BONDS Yield Yield Sprea Daily d (bid) chang vs chang e Bund e in Czech sprea Republic d 2-year 2 bps s 5-year bps s 10-year bps s Poland 2-year bps s 5-year bps s 10-year bps s FORWARD RATE AGREEMENT 3x6 6x9 9x12 3M inter bank Czech Rep < 0.28 0.33 0.37 0 PRIBOR=> Hungary < 0.22 0.27 0.35 0.18 BUBOR=> Poland < 1.75 1.77 1.799 1.73 WIBOR=> Note: FRA are for quotes ask prices ************************************************** ************ (Reporting by Sandor Peto; Editing by Alison Williams)
Ferrari's German driver Sebastian Vettel drives his car into the pit lane during the Formula One Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Andy Wong/Pool
SHANGHAI Lewis Hamilton may have taken the spoils in Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix but Sebastian Vettel's second-place finish provided clear evidence that Ferrari appear more than capable of taking the fight to the Briton's Mercedes tam.
Vettel sprung something of a surprise when he won last month's season opener in Australia and despite racing on a vastly different layout in much cooler weather, there was little to choose between the pair for the second weekend in a row.
The results in Melbourne and Shanghai have raised hopes that the early-season rivalry between a duo with seven Formula One championships between them and locked on 43 points apiece in the overall standings, could become a full-blown title duel.
The China performance in particular also erased any lingering doubts about the championship credentials of the sport's most successful team, for whom the season-opening triumph marked a welcome return to form after a winless 2016.
"On a track and in conditions which were very different from those we had in Melbourne, we proved that we have a strong car," Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene said.
Ferrari have looked competitive since pre-season testing and there was very little to choose between Germany's Vettel and Hamilton in terms of pace and performance throughout the Shanghai weekend.
Mercedes non-executive chairman Niki Lauda went so far as to suggest that Vettel had the speed to seize Ferrari's first pole position since the Singapore Grand Prix in 2015 but Hamilton did just enough in qualifying to secure top spot.
"The explanation is that Ferrari grew up in the Barcelona tests, won the first race and is still on the way up," said the 68-year-old Austrian, a three times Formula One world champion.
The outcome of the race could also have been different had Vettel's gamble to pit under the virtual safety car on the opening lap not been undermined when the actual safety car was deployed following crash a few laps later.
The strategy left him bottled up behind Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo and Ferrari teammate Kimi Raikkonen, but the four-times champion was able to match Hamilton lap for lap once he found a way past the cars in his path.
"In the mixed conditions it felt like we were the quickest, we were the quickest, man," the 29-year-old enthused to his team over the radio. "Couldn't prove that but next time we will."
Mercedes, who have swept to a hat-trick of both driver and constructor titles over the last three years, are certainly feeling the heat from their Italian rivals.
"I hope they're feeling the spirit," triple champion Hamilton said after Sunday's race, referring to his team. "I hope they're feeling the fight... because it's on."
(Editing by John O'Brien)
May 2 Enterprise Products Partners Lp-
* Enterprise reports results for first quarter 2017
* Q1 earnings per share $0.36
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.33 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* For 2017, expect to invest in range of $2.7 billion to $3.0 billion for growth capital projects
* Qtrly revenue $7,320.4 million versus $5,005.3 million
* Q1 results were driven by record liquid pipeline and marine terminal volumes
* Enterprise Products Partners - due to production growth in permian basin, accelerated construction of midland-to-sealy crude oil pipeline
* Enterprise Products Partners Lp-"sanctioned our shin oak ngl pipeline to transport growing volumes of ngls from permian basin to our mont belvieu complex"
* For 2017, expects to invest in range of $2.7 billion to $3.0 billion for growth capital projects
* Enterprise Products Partners-U.S. Energy industry entering much awaited multi-year period of growing demand, both domestically & abroad, for u.s. Ngls, natural gas & crude oil Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Parents are being urged to check their children's immunisation status as they return to school and group activities with health authorities continuing to deal with an outbreak of whooping cough in the Nelson-Tasman and Marlborough regions.
Source: 1 NEWS
Between October 28, 2017 and January 26, 2018 there have been 266 cases of pertussis notified in these regions.
Dr Stephen Bridgman from the Nelson Marlborough Public Health Service says the number of notified cases has decreased from its peak of about 50 a week before Christmas to 10 to 20 cases a week currently.
"It is possible that cases might increase again with the start of the school year," Dr Bridgman says.
An outbreak in 2011 to 12 continued with a "long tail" for several months.
"Children, and especially infants, remain at much higher risk than normal from this highly contagious, serious disease.
"If you are a parent, who has previously declined immunisation for your children, please urgently reconsider your choice and protect your children from contracting this serious, potentially fatal disease."
The highest rates have occurred among infants and school-aged children, while 15 cases have occurred in infants younger than 12 months.
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
May 2 A three-member consortium that includes German insurer Allianz has agreed to buy Affinity Water Ltd, the largest water-only supply firm in England and Wales by revenue, through two transactions, the group said on Tuesday.
The consortium, which also includes London-listed HICL and fund manager DIF, will acquire a 90 percent stake from Morgan Stanley's infrastructure team and M&G Investments-owned Infracapital for 687 million pounds ($884 million), the selling shareholders said.
It will also acquire the remaining 10 percent stake from French water and waste firm Veolia, with both transactions expected to complete in May 2017.
"Affinity has made significant progress across all areas of the business over the last five years under our ownership ... We are confident that Affinity will continue to flourish under its new owners," Infracapital co-founder Ed Clarke said in a statement.
The deal is the latest high-profile acquisition of British infrastructure by overseas investors, as pension schemes, sovereign wealth funds and others look to tap into stable returns that are often hard to find in other financial markets.
Last month, a consortium of Canadian and Kuwaiti investors agreed to buy a minority stake in Thames Water, Britain's largest water firm, from funds managed by Macquarie.
Morgan Stanley and Infracapital formed Affinity Water through the purchase of Veolia Water's UK water supply operations in June 2012.
The company today supplies water to 1.5 million homes and businesses and maintains water supply infrastructure. It had a regulatory capital value - a key industry metric - of 1.156 billion pounds as of March 31.
Affinity Water said separately it did not expect the sale to result in any operational changes.
British infrastructure investment firm HICL said it would hold a 36.6 percent equity interest in Affinity Water after the deal closes, for which it would pay 269 million pounds. ($1 = 0.7768 pounds) (Reporting by Esha Vaish in Bengaluru; Editing by Mark Potter)
April 3 Limbach Holdings Inc
* Limbach provides update on annual form 10-k filing status
* Limbach says company reiterates prior guidance for its year ended December 31, 2016 for revenues to be in excess of $407 million
* Guidance for its year ended December 31, 2016 expects adjusted EBITDA to fall within a range from $16 million to $17 million
* Limbach will be filing a form 12b-25 with U.S. SEC to extend date for filing its annual report on form 10-k for year ended December 31, 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Aug 13 (Gracenote) - Summaries from the Ligue 1 matches on Sunday Sunday, August 13 En Avant de Guingamp 0 Paris St Germain 3 Jordan Ikoko 52og, Edinson Cavani 62, Neymar 82 Halftime: 0-0;Attendance: 18,378 - - - Dijon FCO 1 Wesley Said 43 Monaco 4 Radamel Falcao 3,37,51, Jemerson 25 Halftime: 1-3;Attendance: 14,295 - - - Racing Strasbourg 3 Jonas Martin 74, Dimitri Lienard 82pen, Jeremy Grimm 88 Lille 0 Red Card: Mike Maignan 63 Halftime: 0-0;Attendance: 25,591 - - - Saturday, August 12 Amiens SC 0 Angers SCO 2 Enzo Crivelli 27, Thomas Mangani 56 Halftime: 0-1;Attendance: 7,772 - - - Caen 0 St Etienne 1 Romain Hamouma 67 Halftime: 0-0;Attendance: 17,606 - - - Girondins Bordeaux 2 Valentin Vada 44, Younousse Sankhare 64 Metz 0 Halftime: 1-0;Attendance: 22,095 - - - Toulouse 1 Jimmy Durmaz 43pen Montpellier HSC 0 Halftime: 1-0;Attendance: 11,876 - - - Nantes 0 Olympique Marseille 1 Lucas Ocampos 87 Halftime: 0-0;Attendance: 33,654 - - - Friday, August 11 Stade Rennes 1 Benjamin Bourigeaud 86 Olympique Lyon 2 Memphis Depay 57, Mariano 74 Halftime: 0-0;Attendance: 24,944 - - - Nice 1 Alassane Plea 63pen ESTAC Troyes 2 Adama Niane 53, Saif-Eddine Khaoui 85 Halftime: 0-0;Attendance: 24,260 - - -
April 28 Publity AG:
* Publity's final figures show significant increase in profits for 2016 and positive outlook for 2017
* Net profit for year rises from 12.5 million euros to 23.1 million euros in 2016; earnings per share at EUR 3.89
* Guidance for assets under management (AuM) as at end of December 2017 raised to 5.2 billion euros; AuM of 7 billion euros expected by end of 2018
* Dividend target of 2.80 euros per share confirmed for 2016 financial year
* Further increase in sales and profits expected for 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
SYDNEY, March 30 Infant formula maker Bellamy's Australia Ltd said on Thursday it would miss a 2018 deadline to register some of its products for sale in China, heaping pressure on a company that has struggled with regulations in its main export market.
The affected products comprise 14 percent of Bellamy's total sales, Bellamy's said in a statement to the Australian Securities Exchange.
Shares in the stock, which had once ridden high on the boom in Chinese appetite for Australian dairy products, fell nearly eight percent in early trade.
The company said the issue had been caused by a change of ownership at its supplier's manufacturing plant, which has meant it must now register its own products with the China Food and Drug Administration (CFDA) rather than leveraging off its supplier, Bega Cheese Ltd.
"While the company is confident it will achieve registration of its PRC products with the CFDA, it does not anticipate that it will have registration in place by 1 January 2018," Bellamy's said in a statement.
Bellamy's shares are down 63 percent since December, when the company said a supply glut in China had hit sales hard.
It since cut its revenue forecast and dumped its chief executive, with some of its performance woes linked to ill-fated attempts to sell direct to Chinese customers.
Bellamy's stock traded at A$4.12 ($3.21) on Thursday morning, a far cry from a high over A$16 last year, while Australia's benchmark S&P/ASX 200 index rose 0.16 percent. ($1 = 1.3046 Australian dollars) (Reporting by Tom Westbrook; Editing by Stephen Coates)
HONG KONG China, the world's largest importer and end user of elephant ivory tusks, is shutting a third of its ivory factories and retail stores on Friday, the first major step ahead of a formal ban on ivory sales by the end of the year.
China will shut 67 carving factories and stores with the remaining 105 outlets to be shut before the end of the year, according to documents released by China's Forestry Administration.
The high-profile move has been hailed by activists, but they caution that Hong Kong, a special administrative region of China, remains a prime obstacle in eradicating the illegal elephant poaching trade.
The former British colony, which has the largest retail market for ivory and has traded it for more than 150 years, is a prime transit and consumption hub with more than 90 percent of consumers from mainland China.
Hong Kong set a time table for a ban on ivory trading last year with a phase-out time of five years. Lawmakers met this week to discuss the ban but have yet to decide on details and whether to shorten the phase-out process.
Right groups say a five-year horizon is too long and the problem of laundering ivory will become far more rampant before a total ban is in place.
WildAid, a wildlife non-government organization, estimates up to 30,000 elephants are killed illegally every year. It said markets like Hong Kong had provided "laundering mechanisms for poached ivory and perpetuated the demand".
While the price of ivory has fallen by almost two thirds in the last three years, according to a report by Save the Elephants, the danger from poaching remains acute.
China made a big push to eradicate ivory sales and demand has fallen since early 2014 due to a crackdown on corruption and slowing economic growth. Public awareness campaigns starring Chinese celebrities have also helped to highlight the impact of poaching.
The wholesale price of raw ivory fell to $730 per kg in February from $1,100 per kg in November 2015 and $2,100 per kg in early 2014, according to Save the Elephants.
"Hong Kong's commitment is in stark contrast to China who are leading the way," Oliver Smith, chief executive of David Shepherd Wildlife Foundation, said in a letter to Hong Kong lawmakers, adding that if the five-year period was unchanged, "an additional 150,000 elephants will have been killed".
(Reporting by Farah Master; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Calves attracted a steady trade at the Northern Ireland Fleckvieh Club's dropped calf show and sale held at Omagh Mart.
Local producers Billy and John McCay won the senior class for calves over one-month-old. This super calf came under the hammer for the day's top price of £410.
John McCay's first prize winner sold for a top price of �410 at the NI Fleckvieh Club's dropped calf show and sale in Omagh. Picture: James Beattie.
A second prize calf from Kenny McIlwaine sold for £310, while Dessie and Samuel Moore realised £320 for their third placed entry.
Pomeroy herd owners Dessie and Samuel Moore collected the first and third placed rosettes in the junior section for calves under one-month-old. They sold to a top of £260; while the second placed calf attracted a bid of £250.
The Fleckvieh-sired dropped calves sold from £200 to £410 on the day.
The show was sponsored by SQ Fleckvieh.
Senior class winners at the NI Fleckvieh Club's dropped calf show, from left: John McCay, first; Kenny McIlwaine, second; and Dessie Moore, third. Picture: James Beattie
The NI Fleckvieh Club's next dropped calf show and sale will take place at Markethill Mart on Tuesday 3rd January.
Contact David Hazelton on mobile 07841 748764 for further details.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Acidic Colloidal Silica Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report AkzoNobel, Grace, Nalco, Fuso Chemical, Nissan Chemical, Evonik, Klebosol(Merck KGaA), Adeka, BIOTEC Machinery and Chemicals, Remet, Nyacol, Chemiewerk Bad K?stritz, Sterling Chemicals, DKIC, Guangdong Well-Silicasol, Qingdao Kido, Yinfeng Silicon, Zhejiang Yuda Chemical, Qingdao Haiyang Chemical, Fuzhou Sanbang Silicon Material, Qingdao FSK Foundry Materials, Qingdao Bangsen Silica Gel Desiccant.
The report begins with introducing the global Acidic Colloidal Silica market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Acidic Colloidal Silica report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-acidic-colloidal-silica-market/5919/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Acidic Colloidal Silica Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: 20 nm.
Acidic Colloidal Silica Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Investment casting, Catalysts, Textiles & Fabrics, Refractories, Polishing (Electronic), Paints and Coatings, Others.
Key points in the Acidic Colloidal Silica Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-acidic-colloidal-silica-market/5919/#inquiry
From all of this Acidic Colloidal Silica market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Acidic Colloidal Silica market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Acidic Colloidal Silica distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
A Rio Tinto logo is displayed on the front of a wall panel during a news conference in Sydney November 29, 2012. REUTERS/Tim Wimborne
PERTH The potential restart of idled Chinese iron ore capacity will cause the most uncertainty for prices in 2017 and is likely to add to volatility for the rest of year, said a senior official of the world's No. 2 iron ore miner Rio Tinto (RIO.AX).
A surge in iron ore to a 30-month high of $94.86 a tonne .IO62-CNO=MB last month has prompted some Chinese producers to consider reopening mines shuttered years ago in a sector downturn.
Strong steel prices in top consumer China had fuelled iron ore's rally and while the raw material has come off February's peak, it remained above $80 a tonne this week, up 47 percent since the end of September.
"Additional capacity in Brazil and Australia is already reflected in iron ore prices, so the potential reboot in Chinese iron ore production is the main source of uncertainty and therefore the likely factor that will result in price volatility," Kellie Parker, Rio's managing director for planning integration and assets, told an industry conference on Wednesday.
BHP Billiton (BHP.AX), the world's third-biggest iron ore producer, expects to see some idled iron ore capacity in China returning to the market, but could not estimate how much.
"We think if the price maintains the level that is attractive, you will see some (capacity return)," Edgar Basto, president of BHP's Western Australia Iron Ore Asset, told reporters at the same event.
Basto also said he expects some downward pressure on iron ore prices amid high stocks at China's ports.
"This current number we're at is a relatively high level...I think that in the second half we will probably see some pressure on the price," he said.
Stockpiles of imported iron ore at China's ports reached 132.45 million tonnes last week, the most since at least 2004, according to SteelHome consultancy. SH-TOT-IRONINV
But both miners see continued firm demand for steel in China and elsewhere in Asia including India.
"Over the longer term we believe there is still room for Chinese steel production to grow," Rio's Parker said, adding that this will be driven by demand for manufactured goods including cars and machinery.
"Chinese steel demand is expected to grow despite a moderation in the growth rate," said Basto.
BHP is on course to lift its production capacity to 290 million tonnes by the financial year ending in June 2019, partly as the rail maintenance programme on its iron ore network in Western Australia may be finished ahead of schedule, said Basto.
(Writing and additional reporting by Manolo Serapio Jr.; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
FILE PHOTO: A commercial automotive supplier truck passes under a sign leading to the Ambassador bridge crossing over to Detroit, Michigan from Windsor, Ontario September 28, 2013. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Commercial trucks line up on the Ambassador bridge crossing over to Detroit, Michigan from Windsor, Ontario September 12, 2013. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Trucks wait in a long queue for border customs control to cross into the U.S. at the Otay border crossing in Tijuana, Mexico, February 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Duenes/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Trucks wait at the international border bridge Zaragoza to cross over to El Paso, USA, in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, December 20, 2016. Picture taken December 20, 2016. REUTERS/Jose Luis Gonzalez/File Photo
Semi trucks headed for Windsor, Ontario, exit onto the lane towards the Ambassador bridge in Detroit, Michigan, U.S., April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
Semi trucks headed towards Windsor, Ontario, and towards Detroit, Michigan, drive on the Ambassador bridge in Detroit, Michigan, U.S., April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
Semi trucks headed towards Windsor, Ontario, drive on the Ambassador bridge in Detroit, Michigan, U.S., April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
A truck heads towards the United States at the Lacolle border crossing in Lacolle, Quebec, Canada April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Christinne Muschi
A truck heads towards the United States at the Lacolle border crossing in Lacolle, Quebec, Canada April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Christinne Muschi
A truck heads towards the United States at the Lacolle border crossing in Lacolle, Quebec, Canada April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Christinne Muschi
U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto give a press conference at the Los Pinos residence in Mexico City, Mexico, August 31, 2016. REUTERS/Henry Romero
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau (L) walks down the West Wing colonnade with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, U.S., February 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump told Reuters on Thursday that he was "psyched" to terminate the NAFTA trade deal with Canada and Mexico, but changed his mind after their leaders asked for it to be renegotiated instead.
Trump said in an interview with Reuters that he will not hesitate to change course again and pull the plug on the North American Free Trade Agreement if the negotiations become "unserious."
His comments came at the end of a long 24 hours during which Ottawa and Mexico City were whipsawed over the Trump administration's intentions over the 23-year-old trade pact.
"You know I was really ready and psyched to terminate NAFTA," Trump said.
He decided that it would be better to terminate the trade deal after hearing about Wisconsin farmers' struggles with new Canadian dairy rules that were shutting out their milk protein exports.
"You saw that, you wrote about it," Trump said. "And I said I've had it. I've had it."
But after administration officials said a withdrawal order was being prepared, Trump said he received phone calls from Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau asking to renegotiate the pact.
"I'm not looking to hurt Canada and I'm not looking to hurt Mexico. They're two countries I really like," Trump said. "So they asked to renegotiate, and I said yes."
News of the possible U.S. pullout from NAFTA rattled financial markets on Wednesday. Relative calm returned on Thursday after Trump's comments, and the Mexican peso strengthened 0.86 percent against the U.S. dollar, while the Canadian dollar was flat versus the greenback.
Mexico, Canada and the United States form one of the world's biggest trading blocs, and trade disruptions among them could adversely affect farm, automotive, energy and other sectors in all three countries. NAFTA removed most trade and tariff barriers between the neighbors, but Trump and other critics have blamed it for deep U.S. job cuts.
Trump campaigned for president last year on a pledge to pull out of NAFTA if he could not renegotiate better terms. The United States went from running a small goods trade surplus with Mexico in the early 1990s to a $63-billion deficit in 2016.
Asked by Reuters what would make NAFTA a fair deal, Trump said: "Open markets. Open borders for trade" and "Fairness, no government subsidies so that it makes it impossible for our people to compete."
He added that if the NAFTA negotiations "become unserious, I will terminate."
As Trump spoke, a new trade irritant between the United States and Canada emerged, as Boeing Co asked the U.S. Commerce Department to investigate alleged price dumping and unfair Canadian government subsidies for Bombardier Inc's new Canadian-made CSeries jetliners.
'GET TO WORK'
Trudeau told a news conference in Saskatchewan he had urged Trump not to withdraw from the trade pact and warned that doing so "would cause a lot of short- and medium-term pain."
"That's not something that either one of us would want, so we agreed that we could sit down and get to work on looking at ways to improve NAFTA," Trudeau said.
Canada sends 75 percent of its exports to the United States. On Tuesday, Trump said he did not fear a trade war with Canada, a day after his administration moved to impose tariffs on Canadian lumber.
In Mexico City, Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray said Pena Nieto had called Trump on Wednesday and spoken with him for about 20 minutes in a conversation focused exclusively on the looming talks over NAFTA's "renegotiation and modernization."
Trump has accused Mexico of luring away American factories and jobs with cheap labor and other advantages enabled by NAFTA. During the presidential campaign he accused Mexico of sending rapists and criminals into the United States, and as president plans a U.S.-Mexico border wall.
One of Trump's first major acts after becoming president in January was to pull out of the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership, negotiated by his Democratic predecessor Barack Obama.
Some agriculture lobby groups in Washington were told U.S Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue, confirmed by the Senate on Monday, met with Trump on Wednesday evening to dissuade him from withdrawing from NAFTA.
American Soybean Association President Ron Moore said, "When you're talking about $3 billion in soybean exports a year, any threats to withdraw from agreements and walk away from markets makes farmers extremely nervous."
Formal NAFTA talks likely will not get started until August. The U.S. Trade Representative's office must first send Congress a notice that starts a 90-day consultation period preceding any negotiations.
A USTR spokeswoman said the notice would not be sent until the Senate confirmed Trump's nominee for trade representative, Robert Lighthizer.
(Additional reporting by Stephen J. Adler, Jeff Mason, Steve Holland, Susan Heavey and Mohammad Zargham in Washington, Veronica Gomez and David Alire Garcia in Mexico City, David Ljunggren in Ottawa, and P.J. Huffstutter and Mark Weinraub; Writing by David Lawer and Will Dunham; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Clarence Fernandez)
May 2 Match Group Inc:
* Match Group reports first quarter 2017 results
* Match Group Inc qtrly revenue was $299 million, a 15% increase from the prior year quarter
* Match Group Inc qtrly adjusted EPS $ 0.12
* Qtrly diluted EPS from continuing operations $ 0.08
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.12, revenue view $301.6 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Match Group Inc qtrly ARPPU $0.53 versus $0.54
* Match Group Inc qtrly average PMC grew 16 percent to 5.9 million over the prior year quarter
* Match Group Inc- the board authorized a share repurchase program of up to 6 million shares of common stock.
* Match Group Inc- as of March 31, 2017, IAC's ownership interest and voting interest in Match Group were 82.3% and 97.9%, respectively Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Jon Broadway/YouTube
On April 23, Confederate Memorial Day in Alabama, a 74-year-old Alabama man chose to reject the state-endorsed celebration of white supremacist symbolism by instead protesting the statue of a doctor who conducted cruel experiments on female slaves. As his form of protest, the man put on an eight-minute skit in front of the statue. The man used ketchup in his skit. Some of that ketchup was smeared on the statue. The man was thrown in jail.
Jon Broadway was a member of a group of Montgomery, Alabama, residents who wanted to “generate discussion on racial issues,” according to the Alabama Media Group, which reported Wednesday on Broadway's arrest. The Navy veteran and retired environmental engineer arrived at the grounds of the Capitol the morning of the 23rd with a fellow protester who has not been named.
They arrived to protest a statue of 19th-century doctor J. Marion Sims, considered the father of modern gynecology. Sims invented the vaginal speculum and perfected the technique to repair vesicovaginal fistula, which usually appears as a dangerous complication of childbirth, but he did so by experimenting on female slaves, who, because of the nature of enslavement, cannot truly grant consent. In the 1840s, he operated on slaves in Montgomery without anesthesia. One woman named Anarcha endured more than 34 surgeries on Sims' path to his medical discovery.
In the skit, Broadway, who is white, plays the part of Sims and dresses in green surgical scrubs. A black woman, whom Broadway would not name, kneels next to him, dressed as Anarcha. The front of her smock is stained dark. From ketchup, Broadway said.
About 15 people gathered to watch the skit, Broadway told the Alabama Media Group. Behind the two protesters, a layer of ketchup drips from the base of the statue, which was just across the Capitol lawn from a statue of Confederate President Jefferson Davis.
Broadway begins by narrating Sims' life in character, recounting his move from South Carolina to Montgomery and his decision to begin using female slaves for his experiments, before his rise to prominence as a respected authority in the field.
“So I'm a famous doctor,” he says. “But you'll also notice, I have blood on my hands from what I did.” He dips his fingers into the ketchup on the statue's pedestal and shows it to the audience. “And what I would ask you to do, each one, is to look at history, look at the tough part.”
Toward the end of the skit, after exchanges between Broadway and the female protester, who spoke of the pain Anarcha suffered, the female protester presses her hand into the ketchup and presses it down in streaks.
“He was a butcher,” she said. “He didn't try to save black babies; he just used us like guinea pigs.”
She called on the statue to be removed and replaced with one of Martin Luther King Jr. “Put something positive here,” she said. “Is this a true reflection of what Alabama is?”
According to Broadway, he had no indication that there would be any trouble until after the skit ended, when he was speaking with the small crowd that had gathered. By his account, according to the Alabama Media Group, a crowd of 15 to 20 police officers made their way toward him. The female protester escaped their attention and left in her car.
In the affadavit obtained by the Alabama Media Group after, two of the officers said they noticed “a wet red substance” on both the protesters' costumes, then “noticed a strong odor of vinegar” and saw the substance on the statue.
Broadway was handcuffed and charged with criminal tampering for putting ketchup on the monument. At the county jail, he was placed in a holding center, where he sat in his underwear, as the police had confiscated his scrubs costume as evidence. He stayed that way for eight hours, until his wife could obtain the money for a bond, and left the jail still in his underwear. His trial is scheduled for September.
Unlike some other states that are pushing to strip the white supremacist symbolism of the Confederacy from official spaces, Alabama has moved to enshrine it. The Alabama Memorial Preservation Act of 2017, signed as confederate statues around the country were coming down, requires state permission for the alteration or renaming of buildings and monuments 40 years or older. Sims' statue is not a Confederate statue, but it is certainly in the same category of those the law was not-so-subtly trying to protect.
INTERVIEW-Banks could be obliged to set Libor rates
* Alternatives to Libor to be found for some contracts
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
Production of Mission Impossible 6 has been postponed for months after Tom Cruise suffered broken bones during a stunt that went wrong.
The Sun is reporting that production on the film, which has been partially shot in New Zealand, has been halted for four months to allow for Cruise's recovery.
A film insider told the publication: "The injury is worse than was at first feared. Tom did serious damage and will need months to recover.
"He is the film's biggest star and everything revolves around him. The movie's bosses had no choice other than to postpone the filming."
Advertisement
Footage emerged yesterday of Cruise trying to leap between buildings, but crashing into the side of one and requiring medical assistance.
Originally scheduled for release midway through next year, the film may now be eyeing a Christmas release.
China asks banks to suspend dealings with Anbang -Bloomberg
BEIJING, June 15 Chinese authorities have asked banks to suspend business dealings with Anbang Insurance Group, Bloomberg reported on Thursday, a day after the insurer said its chairman had stepped aside, amid reports he had been detained.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
REUTERS/Stringer TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES.
Security personnel block a road outside the Kashimpur jail during the execution of three Islamists in Dhaka, Bangladesh, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES.
DHAKA Bangladesh executed an Islamist militant leader and two of his aides on Wednesday for a grenade attack on the British ambassador in 2004, a senior prison official said, days after the president turned down their clemency pleas.
The Supreme Court last month upheld death sentences for the three militants. Their attack on a Muslim shrine killed three people and wounded the then-British high commissioner.
Mufti Abdul Hannan, the head of the banned Harkat-ul Jihad Islami group, Sharif Shahedul and Delwar Hossain were convicted and sentenced to death in 2008 for the attack, which took place on May 21, 2004, after Friday prayers in the northeastern district of Sylhet.
The Bangladesh-born British envoy, Anwar Choudhury, was wounded in the leg. About 50 others were also injured.
"They were hanged at 10 pm (1700 BST) in two prisons," Mizanur Rahman, senior superintendent of Kashimpur Central Jail, told Reuters.
Hannan, 60, and Shahedul were executed in the Kashimpur jail, on the outskirts of the capital. Hossain was hanged in Sylhet central jail.
The execution took place amid a spate of militant attacks in Bangladesh, a Muslim-majority nation of 160 million people. Responsibility for at least three attacks targeting police late last month was claimed by the Islamic state.
Hannan's wife Zakia Parvin said he was innocent.
"He has no connection with militancy," she told reporters earlier on Wednesday after meeting her husband for the last time.
Last month, suspected militants attempted to free him by hurling bombs on a police van carrying him.
Hannan, who was arrested late in 2005, was believed to have fought in Afghan war against Soviet Union before joining the militant group.
Harkat-ul Jihad Islami was blamed for several other attacks, including a bomb blast later in 2004 at a rally by Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, who was then the leader of the opposition. Hasina narrowly survived but 23 people were killed and more than 150 were wounded.
Hannan was also sentenced to death for a bomb attack on a Bengali New Year's celebration in 2001 that killed 10 people and wounded scores.
Security has been strengthened across the country before the traditional Bengali New Year celebrations on April 15.
Police and army commandos have killed more than 60 suspected militants and arrested hundreds since a deadly attack on a Dhaka cafe in July last year. Twenty-two people were killed, most of them foreigners.
Al Qaeda and Islamic State have also claimed responsibility for killings of foreigners, liberals and members of religious minorities in Bangladesh over the past few years.
The government has denied the presence of such groups, blaming domestic militants instead.
(Reporting by Ruma Paul, editing by Larry King)
Downtown Augusta is set to be the pinnacle for main attractions throughout the C-S-R-A for the remainder of the year. Throughout the weekend, one the largest festivals ,the Westobou Festival is underway. In a couple of weeks, Construction for Augusta on Ice will begin.
“We've never been here before but it's really fun,” says Katherine Dale. The Dale Family came out to try something new for the entire family.
“The Ferris Wheel is scary because of how it rocks but it goes super high and its fun,” says 9-year-old Katherine.
But In less than a month, what the Augusta Commons will be turned into Augusta on Ice. With the website already up, word has spread quickly throughout the C-S-R-A.
“We were talking about it on the way down here,” says Beth Dale.
50 Days of Holiday Fun starting November 17th and ending after New Year's. An Outdoor Ice Skating Rink, a 70-foot Ice slide, and even a train ride to name a few of the attractions. Organizers had to appear before Commissioners this past week to get fees waived - part of the final hurdle of this 9 month process.
“Having the city of Augusta as a true partner is honestly a dream in this case. They're so excited to have us here to help build new traditions and what better place to do it than honoring it where Augusta traditions have been for years,” says Christine Boerner.
Katherine says she'll be looking forward to the ice rink but for her little brother Sam, it might be a different story. “For me, he didn't really like it so much because he says he's not that good at it."
For more information on ticket prices, click this link
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved.
(Adds close of European markets)
* Robust U.S. labor market report boosts dollar, government debt
* Stocks in Europe, Wall Street drop after U.S. jobs report
* Oil eases on strong dollar
By Herbert Lash
NEW YORK, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The dollar and bond yields jumped on Friday while stock markets fell as U.S. data showed the strongest annual wage growth since 2009, raising the specter of accelerating inflation and more American interest rate hikes than expected this year.
Yields on the 10-year U.S. Treasury note shot up to a four-year high within five minutes of release of the U.S. Labor Department's unemployment report, which showed nonfarm payrolls jumped by 200,000 jobs last month.
The dollar surged against the Japanese yen, euro and a basket of six currencies.
The price of the benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note later fell further, pushing the yield up as high as 2.854 percent from 2.773 percent late on Thursday.
“It feels as though the grand era of interest rates below 3 percent will soon be in the rear-view mirror,” said Mike Terwilliger, portfolio manager of Resource Liquid Alternatives for the Resource Credit Income Fund in New York.
While wage growth may be good for the economy it could spell trouble for the bond market as inflation portends rate hikes, which augur a repricing of fixed income, he said.
Stocks in Europe and on Wall Street plunged at least 1 percent on the news, as the strong labor market report boosted the chances the Federal Reserve will raise rates four times this year instead of the three hikes analysts had expected.
“What is good for the average American worker ends up being negative for stocks because it increases the odds of further rate hikes,” Michael Antonelli, managing director of institutional sales trading at Robert W. Baird in Milwaukee.
MSCI's all-country world index of equity performance in 47 countries fell 1.25 percent while its gauge of emerging market stocks lost 1.4 percent.
Deutsche Bank's disappointing results pulled the heavyweight banking sector down to help European shares post their biggest weekly loss in more than a year, while Britain's top share index sealed its weakest week in nine months on BT's results.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index of leading regional shares closed down 1.37 percent and the blue-chip FTSE 100 index in London closed down 0.63 percent.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 369.84 points, or 1.41 percent, to 25,816.87, the S&P 500 lost 29.33 points, or 1.04 percent, to 2,792.65 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 62.58 points, or 0.85 percent, to 7,323.28.
Disappointing results from some of the largest U.S. companies also weighed on stocks. Oil majors Exxon and Chevron fell 5.8 percent and 4.3 percent, respectively, after reporting lower-than-expected quarterly profits.
Google-parent Alphabet fell 4.9 percent after an earnings miss and Apple fell 3.5 percent as investors focused on its muted forecast rather than strong iPhone prices.
The dollar index, tracking the unit against a basket of major currencies, rose 0.38 percent, with the euro down 0.21 percent to $1.2482. The Japanese yen weakened 0.59 percent versus the greenback at 110.04 per dollar.
The U.S. bond market's gauges of inflation expectations added to their earlier rise on Friday as domestic wages recorded their strongest annual increase in more than 8-1/2 years, suggesting inflation may be accelerating.
The gap between 10-year Treasury Inflation Protected Securities (TIPS) and 10-year Treasury notes reached its widest since September 2014.
U.S. crude fell 60 cents to $65.20 per barrel and Brent fell $1.10 to $68.55.
Spot gold dropped 0.99 percent to $1,335.50 an ounce.
Rugby-Rebels coach McGahan to depart at end of season
MELBOURNE, June 15 Melbourne Rebels coach Tony McGahan will finish his tenure at the end of the season, the struggling Super Rugby team said on Thursday, a decision which both parties said was "in the best interests" of the club.
March 31Jilin Zixin Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 182.4 percent to 220.0 percent, or to be 30 million yuan to 34 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 10.6 million yuan
* The reason for the forecast is increased main business income
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/vmmbZU
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Two new WWE SummerSlam matches were confirmed in the first hour of tonight's go-home RAW episode - Sasha Banks vs. RAW Women's Champion Alexa Bliss and Seth Rollins & Dean Ambrose vs. RAW Tag Team Champions Cesaro & Sheamus. Sasha defeated Nia Jax to earn her title shot
Below is the updated confirmed card for Sunday's SummerSlam pay-per-view from the Barclays Center in Brooklyn:
Fatal 4 Way for the WWE Universal Title
Roman Reigns vs. Samoa Joe vs. Braun Strowman vs. Brock Lesnar
WWE Title Match
Shinsuke Nakamura vs. Jinder Mahal
SmackDown Women's Title Match
Natalya vs. Naomi
RAW Women's Title Match
Sasha Banks vs. Alexa Bliss
WWE United States Title Match
Kevin Owens vs. AJ Styles
Special Referee: Shane McMahon
WWE Cruiserweight Title Match
Akira Tozawa vs. Neville
SmackDown Tag Team Title Match
The Usos vs. The New Day
RAW Tag Team Title Match
Dean Ambrose and Seth Rollins vs. Cesaro and Sheamus
Big Cass vs. Big Show
Enzo Amore will be suspended above the ring in a shark cage.
Rusev vs. Randy Orton
Finn Balor vs. Bray Wyatt
John Cena vs. Baron Corbin
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
March 30 Yirendai Ltd:
* Yirendai enters into an agreement of intent on performance bond with PICC P&C
* Says PICC P&C will provide Yirendai with performance bond for certain loans facilitated through company's online marketplace
* Yirendai - PICC P&C to reimburse lenders within agreed scope should any losses incur due to co's failure to perform adequate due diligence during credit underwriting process Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
LIVERPOOL, England, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Everton manager Ronald Koeman said Wayne Rooney, who scored on his return to the club in the 1-0 win over Stoke on Saturday, was far from a spent force and showed exactly why he was the right signing for the club.
Rooney's move back to his boyhood club, after 13 successful years at Manchester United, divided opinion between those who viewed it as a welcome romantic return and those who felt he was not the right player for Koeman's new-look side.
But in his first Premier League outing Rooney not only scored the winner with a beautifully executed header from a Dominic Calvert-Lewin cross, but he also exuded quality and composure throughout.
"There was one player in an Everton shirt today who was, from the first second to the last, comfortable on the pitch," said the Dutch manager.
"He made every decision the right one and he scored a great goal from a great cross from Dominic.
"In difficult moments, he showed his experience. That is why we signed Wayne -- expecting to show his team-mates all that experience, and it was really important," he said.
Rooney last scored a goal for Everton at Goodison on March 13, 2004 when he claimed the winner against Portsmouth.
That gap of 4,869 days is the longest between goals for the same club in the Premier League. The header was his 300th involvement in a goal in the Premier League, with 101 assists to add to his 199 goals. Only Alan Shearer, with 324, has more.
And he joined Shearer and Frank Lampard with the most goals on the league's opening day - eight.
Koeman not only believes that Rooney fits perfectly into his plans at Everton, but he also thinks he is far from the faded force that many felt he was becoming at United.
"Wayne showed he is still one of the best players in his position and he showed today the player that we expected," said Koeman.
"A lot of cleverness on the pitch and a great goal and a great header. We can't ask for more than he showed today." (Reporting by Simon Evans,; Editing by Neville Dalton)
Another piece of the next-generation Jeep Wrangler has been unearthed. The Truth About Cars has uncovered a document submitted to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) which reveals some partial details on the JL Wrangler's powertrains.
The documents revealed that the Wrangler would come with a 3.6L V6 with 285 horsepower and a turbocharged 2.0L four-cylinder offering up 368 horsepower. No, this isn't a misprint. The other bit of information that can be gleaned from this document is that the Wrangler will only be initially offered as a four-door model - something we first we reported back in August.
Before anyone begins to panic because the two-door and diesel engine are not listed, we know both are happening thanks to spy shots and other leaks.
Source: The Truth About Cars
Southampton are targeting a top-half finish in the Premier League table after beating Crystal Palace 3-1 on Wednesday, manager Claude Puel said ahead of Saturday's trip to West Bromwich Albion.
Southampton secured their first win in three games when they defeated Palace at St. Mary's stadium and moved up to ninth in the table, seven points behind eighth-placed West Brom albeit with two games in hand.
"Every game it is difficult to know the scenario of each game...But I think we stayed with a good performance and it is now important to stay in the top half of the table," Puel told British media.
"This was a very important game because other teams behind us came back, so it was important to take these points. After we have to play against West Bromwich, and it is an objective to try and get a good result away against this team, who are a difficult team with confidence."
Puel is hoping that defender Ryan Bertrand, who missed the Palace game due to a hamstring injury, will return for the game against West Brom. "He felt something with his hamstring and he cannot take the risk. I hope so, we'll see," Puel said.
Southampton will be looking to win two league games in a row for only the third time this season when they travel to the Hawthorns, where they have not won since 2013.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Mark Heinrich)
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel talks to Russian President Vladimir Putin during their meeting at the Bocharov Ruchei state residence in Sochi, Russia, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alexander Zemlianichenko/Pool
Russian President Vladimir Putin meets with German Chancellor Angela Merkel at the Bocharov Ruchei state residence in Sochi, Russia May 2, 2017. Sputnik/Aleksey Nikolskyi/Kremlin via REUTERS
Russian President Vladimir Putin greets German Chancellor Angela Merkel prior to their talks at the Bocharov Ruchei state residence in Sochi, Russia May 2, 2017. Sputnik/Aleksey Nikolskyi/Kremlin via REUTERS
Russian President Vladimir Putin and German Chancellor Angela Merkel leave a joint news conference following their talks at the Bocharov Ruchei state residence in Sochi, Russia, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alexander Zemlianichenko/Pool
Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks during a joint news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel following their talks at the Bocharov Ruchei state residence in Sochi, Russia, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alexander Zemlianichenko/Pool
Russian President Vladimir Putin and German Chancellor Angela Merkel shake hands during a joint news conference following their talks at the Bocharov Ruchei state residence in Sochi, Russia, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alexander Zemlianichenko/Pool
Russian President Vladimir Putin and German Chancellor Angela Merkel shake hands during a joint news conference following their talks at the Bocharov Ruchei state residence in Sochi, Russia, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alexander Zemlianichenko/Pool
BERLIN German Chancellor Angela Merkel called on all sides in the conflict in Ukraine to work towards the ceasefire envisaged by the Minsk accords, saying implementation of those agreements could lead to the lifting of EU sanctions against Russia.
Speaking in the Russian town of Sochi after discussions with Russian President Vladimir Putin, Merkel said there was no need to replace the Minsk process, which is designed to bring an end to the conflict between Moscow-backed rebels in Ukraine's east and the Kiev government.
"For me the aim is to reach the point in the implementation of the Minsk accords where we can lift the European Union's sanctions against Russia," Merkel said.
(Reporting by Madeline Chambers; Editing by Catherine Evans)
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
Cork City 3 Bohemians 0
A pair of early goals from Graham Cummins and Kieran Sadlier set champions Cork City on their way to a comfortable Premier Division victory over Bohemians at Turner's Cross yesterday.
With Dundalk not in action, this win moves City four points clear of the Lilywhites at the top of the table ahead of a weekend free of league action following the postponement of their clash with Derry City due to U-21 international call-ups.
Having drawn at Limerick last Friday and lost to Dundalk a week before that, with a win over Shamrock Rovers in between, City were without a goal in open play since beating Sligo Rovers on February 26th.
They needed a positive start and they got it, with Kieran Sadlier going close early on, his low shot inadvertently blocked by Graham Cummins, and the opener arrived in the 18th minute. Conor McCarthy set Barry McNamee free on the right and his low cross was met by Jimmy Keohane. Similar to the previous incident, the shot hit Cummins but this time it deflected past Shane Supple and the home side were in the lead.
They were two to the good just three minutes later, having been awarded a penalty for the third straight league game. Cummins' pass allowed Conor McCormack space on the right and his cross might have fallen for Sadlier but for the illegal intervention of Rob Cornwall's hand.
Sadlier duly made no mistake from the spot and, even then, the outcome seemed inevitable.
McNamee might have made it 3-0 before half-time with a low curling free kick while at the other end Bohs' only real chance was an Ian Morris volley which was easy for Mark McNulty.
On the resumption, Cummins went close with a low shot from Keohane's pass and when Bohs did try to create openings, Shane Griffin and Seán McLoughlin made excellent blocks to deny Dylan Watts and Jonathan Lunney respectively.
City sought a third and might have got it through Keohane, though Morris was alert to the danger, while Supple was quick off his line when Keohane's through ball nearly put Cummins in.
Substitute Karl Sheppard also went close, Dan Casey denying him, but Sheppard did get the third goal in the 87th minute after McNamee rolled the ball invitingly to him.
CORK CITY: McNulty; McCarthy, Barry, McLoughlin, Griffin; McCormack, Keohane; McNamee, Buckley (Morrissey 25), Sadlier (Sheppard 66); Cummins (Horgan 90).
BOHEMIANS: Supple; Pender (Morris 26), Cornwall, Casey, Leahy; Buckley, Brennan; Lunney, Watts (Corcoran 64), Moore; Stokes (Ward 70).
Referee: T Connolly (Dublin).
Attendance: 4,265.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
(Adds comment from defendant, 5th paragraph)
By Jonathan Stempel
NEW YORK, April 20 Confide, a popular encrypted messaging app said to be used by White House officials, does not keep communications confidential as its maker promises, a proposed class-action lawsuit charges.
According to a complaint filed on Thursday with the federal court in Manhattan, Confide Inc cannot assure app users of the "unequivocal confidentiality" it advertises because messages can be saved on screenshots, and do not self-destruct once read.
Jeremy Auman, a Michigan resident, said he bought a $6.99 per month Confide app subscription in January because the company promised "message ephemerality and screenshot protection," only to discover his messages could be copied and stored permanently.
"We're dealing with an environment where people are very concerned about the security and confidentiality of their communications," his lawyer, Christopher Dore, said in an interview. "What people are paying for is not what they are getting."
Jon Brod, Confide's president and a co-founder, in an email called the accusations "unfounded and without merit. We look forward to responding to this frivolous complaint and seeing this case swiftly thrown out of court."
Founded in 2013, Confide is based in Manhattan, and its app competes with such rivals as Signal, Telegram and WhatsApp.
A series of high-profile hackings and leaks, including from Edward Snowden and WikiLeaks, has boosted the importance of securing sensitive communications.
According to the lawsuit, such security issues have also become a concern at the White House.
Sean Spicer, the White House spokesman, has demanded that some aides surrender their phones for inspection and warned them against using apps such as Confide and Signal, Politico reported in February.
President Donald Trump later said he would have handled the matter differently but was "OK" with Spicer's actions.
Confide's website says its app lets customers have "honest, unfiltered, off-the-record conversations" that "disappear without a trace" once completed.
It suggests that the app is useful for sensitive matters including job referrals, human resources issues and deal discussions, as well as "good-natured office gossip."
Auman's lawsuit was filed by Edelson PC, a Chicago firm that often sues technology companies over alleged privacy violations.
Two days ago, the firm filed a lawsuit accusing Bose Corp of using apps to track what its wireless headphone customers listen to, and selling that information to third parties.
Auman is seeking millions of dollars of damages for Confide's alleged violations of New York consumer protection laws, and fraudulently inducing people to buy its app.
The case is Auman v Confide Inc, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 17-02848. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Bernard Orr and Dan Grebler)
NAIROBI One of Kenya's most prominent conservationists said on Thursday she was repeatedly shot at when she ran to her baby as armed men set fire to a lodge near her home in the drought-striken north, where such attacks are becoming increasingly frequent.
Residents say politicians hoping to win votes in an August election are encouraging herdsmen desperate for grazing to bring tens of thousands of cattle into the area.
"Yesterday evening our operations buildings and our house came under direct gunfire from armed men," Sveva Gallmann said in a statement released after Wednesday night's attack.
"My nine-month-old daughter was in the house with her carers and I was shot at three times as I ran between the buildings to get to her."
The Gallmann family own the 100,000-acre (400 square kilometres) Laikipia Nature Conservancy and employ 250 Kenyans on the luxury lodges, ranch, and other businesses on the land.
This month, the government announced it would send troops to the area after herdsmen shot dead a British military veteran who ran a safari company in Kenya when he went to inspect a friend's house that had been burnt down.
Kenya has a history of ethnic clashes and political violence. The last election, in 2013, passed relatively peacefully but more than 1,200 people were killed following a disputed poll in 2007.
(Editing by Louise Ireland)
May 2 Hanesbrands Inc
* Hanesbrands reports first-quarter 2017 financial results
* Sees Q2 adjusted earnings per share $0.51 to $0.54
* Sees Q2 GAAP earnings per share $0.45 to $0.49 from continuing operations
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.29
* Q1 GAAP earnings per share $0.19
* Sees Q2 sales about $1.65 billion
* Q1 sales $1.38 billion versus I/B/E/S view $1.38 billion
* Sees FY 2017 adjusted earnings per share $1.93 to $2.03 excluding items
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.28 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Hanesbrands Inc says for 2017, company continues to expect net sales of $6.45 billion to $6.55 billion
* Sees 2017 GAAP operating profit of $845 million to $895 million
* Sees 2017 GAAP EPS for continuing operations of $1.70 to $1.82
* Hanesbrands Inc says organic sales growth is expected to range from flat to up 2 percent for FY
* Hanesbrands Inc says company expects approximately $15 million in synergy cost benefits in 2017
* Hanesbrands Inc says company continues to expect capital expenditures of approximately $90 million to $100 million in 2017
* Hanesbrands Inc says company is not required to make a pension contribution in 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Motor racing-Soccer injury rules Di Grassi out of Le Mans
June 14 Formula E title contender Lucas di Grassi has been ruled out of this weekend's Le Mans 24 Hours sportscar race after breaking an ankle while playing a game of soccer.
HELSINKI May 3 Finland's Nokian Tyres said on Wednesday it had decided to build a new factory in the United States to boost growth outside Europe, while it reported rising quarterly profits on the back of growing sales in Russia.
Nokian, which currently has a large plant in Russia and a smaller one in Finland, said the new greenfield plant with an annual capacity of 4 million tyres will be in Dayton, Tennessee.
The total investment is about $360 million and the construction is scheduled to begin in early 2018.
($1 = 0.9146 euros) (Reporting by Jussi Rosendahl; Editing by Stephen Coates)
A uniQure bioprocessing engineer shows a shaker flask where cells in growth medium are cultured in a laboratory at Dutch biotech company uniQure in Amsterdam, Netherlands, December 13, 2012. REUTERS/ Michael Kooren/File Photo
LONDON The biotech company behind the Western world's first gene therapy and the most expensive prescription medicine in history is giving up on the product because of lack of demand.
Only one patient has been treated commercially since the drug was first approved in Europe nearly five years ago, a spokeswoman for Dutch-based UniQure said on Thursday.
UniQure went into the record books when its gene therapy Glybera was approved by European regulators for an ultra-rare blood disorder in 2012, and the drug was finally launched two years later with a price tag of around $1 million per treatment.
But the number of patients eligible for treatment was always tiny and, with no sign of demand improving, the company said it had decided not to renew Glybera's five-year European marketing authorisation, which is due to expire on Oct. 25.
"Glybera's usage has been extremely limited and we do not envision patient demand increasing materially in the years ahead," said UniQure Chief Executive Matthew Kapusta.
The group, which had already decided not to pursue a U.S. approval for the drug, said the decision was not related to any safety concerns.
Glybera is given as a series of injections to fight lipoprotein lipase deficiency (LPLD), a disabling condition that clogs the blood with fat. The drug is sold in Europe on UniQure's behalf by Italian drugmaker Chiesi Farmaceutici.
The commercial flop is a reminder of the economic challenges facing the emerging field of gene therapy, which seeks to cure rare genetic diseases by offering a one-time fix of a faulty DNA but inevitably comes at a very high price.
However, the setback is unlikely to derail rising investor interest in gene therapy, which has been triggered recently by a number of advances in treating a range of genetic diseases, most of which affect far more patients than LPLD.
Industry analysts said the decision to pull the plug on Glybera would make little difference to UniQure's financial outlook. In fact, the move will save some $2 million in annual costs and help UniQure focus on other gene medicines.
The Nasdaq-listed firm has high hopes for its next wave of gene therapies against haemophilia, Huntington's disease and congestive heart failure, where it has a collaboration with Bristol-Myers Squibb.
UniQure, whose shares slipped 2 percent in early trading, said it would continue to make Glybera available to Chiesi to treat any patients approved for therapy in Europe before Oct. 25.
Scientists have been working on gene therapies for more than a quarter of a century but it is only recently that the approach has started to become a commercial reality, although the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has yet to approve any.
(Editing by Adrian Croft)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
GUCA, Serbia (Reuters) - The 57h Guca Brass Band Festival, Serbia's liveliest traditional music event, has attracted tens of thousands of people crowding the streets and savouring the trumpet beat.
Guca, a normally sleepy town with only 3,700 people in the rolling hills of southwestern Serbia, is hosting the country's biggest party, with 50 brass bands competing for the coveted Golden Trumpet.
Launched in 1961 with just four bands and only 2,500 visitors, Guca has since received more than 15 million people.
The “Dragacevo Trumpeters Assembly,” as the festival is officially called, now lures not only Serbians but tourists from around the world.
A woman dances on a table as a band plays during the 57h Brass Band Festival, in the village of Guca, Serbia August 11, 2017. Picture taken August 11, 2017. Marko Djurica
"One Serbian girl in Germany told me about it ... and now I'm here, it's great, I love it," said Maria, a Bulgarian tourist in her 20s.
The music has a long tradition in Serbia - it goes back to a royal decree establishing a military brass band in 1831.
Slideshow (11 Images)
The bands, those competing for the prize and those weaving through dozens of tents teeming with guests eating, drinking and partying, make good money from tips.
Most visitors drink beer and plum brandy and eat barbecued meat or a local delicacy, seasoned spicy cabbage with three kinds of meat which simmers for hours in large clay pots.
In an attempt to avoid the serious road accidents which have marred the festival in the past, police have ordered all drivers along the two roads leading in and out of Guca to take a breathalyzer test.
May 2 Entegra Financial Corp:
* Entegra Financial says on April 28, first NBC Bank was closed by Louisiana office of financial institutions, placed into FDIC receivership - sec filing
* Entegra Financial Corp - co holds a $0.7m investment in subordinated debt of First NBC Bank holding company, holding company for First NBC bank
* Entegra financial-expects to adjust its q1 2017 earnings by about $0.07 per diluted share as result of first NBC bank being placed into FDIC receivership Source text (bit.ly/2qBX1zv) Further company coverage:
CARACAS It was a mesmerizing moment in Venezuela's fast-moving political crisis.
Towards the end of a dry and detailed speech on her office's annual report, the country's bespectacled Attorney General Luisa Ortega paused, cleared her throat - and delivered a bombshell.
"I consider it a historic and unavoidable duty," she began, before denouncing two Supreme Court sentences that annulled the opposition-led congress and took Venezuela deeper into authoritarian rule.
Hitherto known as a stalwart ally of the ruling Socialists, whose prosecutors have helped put behind bars dozens of President Nicolas Maduro's foes, Ortega's public dissent on Friday was stunning - and the impact was immediate.
Citing Ortega, the unpopular Maduro convened a special security committee at midnight which ordered the court to reconsider, and the offending clauses were scrubbed on Saturday.
It was a major climb-down by the Supreme Court, whose constant rulings against the opposition have bolstered Maduro's power, and the latest twist in a political and economic crisis that has plagued the South American OPEC nation in recent years.
Yet just as opposition supporters began lionizing Ortega and speculation surged of cracks in Maduro's inner circle, she visited him over the weekend for a friendly meet-and-greet in the presidential palace as cameras clicked.
That calmed rumours of a big rift among Venezuela's ruling elite and even fuelled a conspiracy theory it had all been choreographed to allow Maduro appear like a statesman above an inter-institutonal fray.
However, Ortega's disagreement appeared genuine. It was not her first and it possibly indicated wider dissatisfaction within government over human rights and democracy issues.
In a lesser-noted incident, the 59-year-old lawyer from central Guarico state who has been the nation's top prosecutor since 2007, spoke out last year over the killing of 13 civilians by soldiers who first tried to cover it up.
"I am committed to human rights," she said then.
And in another incident earlier in 2016, when authorities initially rubbished opposition reports of a massacre of miners in the jungle, it was Ortega who then provided a stream of information confirming 17 bodies had been discovered.
"BRAVE WOMAN"
Ortega has also criticized sometimes over-violent state crackdowns on crime and gangs.
"She's a brave, honest and hardworking woman ... I've known her since the 1990s," said Ana Osorio, a left-wing politician who was a minister under Maduro's predecessor Hugo Chavez and is now part of a dissident group called Socialist Tide.
Such praise does not wash, however, with many supporters of the roughly 100 opposition activists languishing in Venezuela's jails, including the best-known prisoner Leopoldo Lopez.
Opposition leaders, and some dissident judges, say many of Ortega's prosecutors have bowed to political pressure in the last few years, peddling fabricated evidence and exaggerated accusations to aid repression by the Maduro government.
"She doesn't go from villain to hero," said Jose Haro, a lawyer defending many of the jailed activists, who are mostly charged with violence or plotting against the state.
"She goes from being someone who for a long time was indifferent and complicit in grave rights abuses to someone who made a 180 degree change, and decided to abstain from continuing to allow abuses."
Ortega has plenty of "revolutionary" credentials: she is married to a lawmaker from the ruling Socialist Party, and sat at the front row during Chavez's 2013 funeral.
However, she is believed to have been unhappy for months with the continued jailing of some activists despite judges' orders to free them, sources within her office say, and could be an influential brake within government going forward.
The sources spoke of a distancing between her and first lady Cilia Flores and Supreme Court head Maikel Moreno amid inter-faction rivalries within the ruling "Chavismo" movement.
Though cynics say Ortega may be trying to protect her name with an eye to the future if the government falls, her prosecutors have in fact since last year begun showing increasing concern for prisoners' health and complaints.
Given that emerging disquiet within the judiciary, lawyers say some cases have also been moved to military courts whose judges are directly named by the executive.
"We sign freedom orders, we do the processes, and then the Sebin (intelligence service) doesn't want to let prisoners go free," one frustrated prosecutor in Ortega's office told Reuters.
(Additional reporting by Corina Pons, Alexandra Ulmer and Andreina Aponte; Writing by Andrew Cawthorne; Editing by Alexandra Ulmer and Alistair Bell)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Qingdao Doublestar Co Ltd :
* Says its unit received 30 million yuan worth of land compensation on Jan. 31
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/dyPwQr
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Nordea Bank Ab says:
* Has today, on behalf of the wholly owned subsidiary Nordea Holding Abp (“Nordea Finland”) applied for the admission of Nordea Finland's shares to trading on Nasdaq Helsinki, Nasdaq Stockholm and Nasdaq Copenhagen.
* Provided that the re-domiciliation is carried out and that Nasdaq Helsinki, Nasdaq Stockholm and Nasdaq Copenhagen approve the application, the intention is that trading in Nordea Finland's share will commence during the autumn. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Johan Sennero)
May 3 Whitecap Resources Inc:
* Whitecap Resources Inc announces first quarter 2017 results
* Qtrly earnings per share $ 0.07
* Whitecap Resources Inc - average production in Q1/17 increased to a record 55,886 boe/d, 10% higher than Q4/16
* Whitecap Resources Inc - anticipate Q2/17 production volumes to be 57,000 - 59,000 boe/d
* Whitecap Resources Inc - remain on track to meet full year guidance of 57,000 boe/d on $300 million of development capital
* Q1 earnings per share view c$0.05 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Qtrly funds flow per share increased by 50% from $0.22 per share for comparable period to $0.33 per share in Q1/17 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Portugal's Prime Minister, Antonio Costa (R) and Economy Minister, Antonio Centeno enter the room to address the nation about Novo Banco sale in Lisbon, Portugal, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Pedro Nunes
Portugal's Prime Minister, Antonio Costa (R) addresses the nation about Novo Banco sale with the Economy Minister, Antonio Centeno in Lisbon, Portugal, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Pedro Nunes
Portugal's Prime Minister, Antonio Costa (R) addresses the nation about Novo Banco sale with the Economy Minister, Antonio Centeno in Lisbon, Portugal, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Pedro Nunes
People pass by as a man uses an ATM in a Novo Banco branch in Lisbon, Portugal March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Pedro Nunes
LISBON Portugal has agreed to sell a 75 percent stake in state-rescued lender Novo Banco to U.S. private equity firm Lone Star in exchange for a capital injection of 1 billion euros into the institution, the government said on Friday.
The sale was carried out ahead of an August deadline agreed with the European Commission and closes a banking saga which started with the collapse in 2014 of Banco Espirito Santo, at the time Portugal's largest private bank.
Portugal injected 4.9 billion euros into the BES rescue, which at the time was the first such collapse to fall under new European rules on operations for failed banks.
Prime Minister Antonio Costa said the sale fulfilled a key criterion of not extending any state guarantees to the buyer, as had been raised earlier in the negotiations with Lone Star, and guarantees Novo Banco's future.
"The operation has removed the specter of a liquidation, Novo Banco's future to carry out its role of financing the economy is guaranteed," the prime minister told journalists.
"There is no direct or indirect impact on public accounts, nor any new costs to taxpayers."
Bank of Portugal governor Carlos Costa said the "sale is an important step for stability of the banking system."
Under the deal, Portugal's Bank Resolution Fund will retain the remaining 25 percent stake in Novo Banco, which is the bridge bank carved out of Banco Espirito Santo, which collapsed in August 2014. The country injected 4.9 billion euros, mostly via the resolution fund, into the "good bank".
Under the terms of the deal, Lone Star will inject 750 million euros when the deal is formally closed and another 250 million within three years.
Also, Novo Banco will swap 500 million euros of senior bonds for new bonds as means to reinforce its common equity Tier 1 capital ratio before Lone Star takes over the bank.
The Bank of Portugal said a contingent capital mechanism will be set up to meet potential capital needs at the bank worth up to 3.89 billion euros, explaining that the mechanism did not represent any guarantee to cover any losses.
The sale is the end of a long process that started with the emergency rescue of BES, which at that time was Portugal's largest listed bank. BES collapsed under the weight of the debts of its founding family and an investigation is still ongoing.
A first attempt to sell Novo Banco failed in 2015 as bids came in far below the rescue amount, stirring investor concerns about the already flagging banking sector's contributions to the Bank Resolution Fund.
In March, the government extended the maturities on state loans to the resolution fund by nearly three decades to 2046 to avoid imposing extra costs on the banking sector.
The sale was also complicated by a decision, late in 2015, by the central bank to transfer some bonds from Novo Banco back to "bad bank" BES, thus boosting Novo Banco's capital. A group of bondholders, including Pimco and BlackRock, have challenged the decision in the court.
(Reporting By Sergio Goncalves, writing by Andrei Khalip, editing by Axel Bugge and David Evans)
* Saudi Kayan Petrochemical jumps on Q1 profit beat
* SAFCO slightly up; earnings at high end of forecasts
* Analyst expects sector's profit to grow 60-70 pct on year
* Small to mid-sized stocks top movers in Dubai
* Industries Qatar outperforms on Qatar Petroleum deal with unit
By Celine Aswad
DUBAI, April 30 Higher petrochemical share prices helped lift the Saudi Arabian bourse index on Sunday after strong first-quarter earnings in the sector, but other regional market indexes sagged in thin trade.
The Saudi index rose 1.0 percent as Saudi Kayan Petrochemical hit its 10 percent daily price limit after the company reported a net profit of 265.5 million riyals ($70.8 million), having made a loss of 195 million riyals in the same period last year.
Analysts at NCB Capital had forecast a profit of 121 million riyals, while Aljazira Capital had expected 69.5 million riyals.
"This is the highest net income since inception. We believe the variance is due to higher than expected operating rates and gross margin," NCB Capital said.
Aljazira said its outlook for Kayan would remain optimistic for the rest of the year, but gross margins would decline slightly because of new feedstock prices that would be implemented gradually from the second quarter.
Meanwhile Saudi Arabia Fertilizers (SAFCO) rose 0.7 percent after it reported net income of 423 million riyals, at the high end of forecasts; the consensus estimate was 406 million riyals.
Most of the 14 listed Saudi petrochemiccal producers have not yet reported quarterly earnings.
"We expect the petrochemical sector's net income to grow between 60-70 percent from the previous year with the mixed feedstock producers ... being the best performers as they benefit from higher end-product prices," said Jassim al-Jubran, analyst at Saudi's Aljazira Capital.
"Later this year many producers are planning temporary facility shutdowns for maintenance works, which may weigh on their performance in the quarters to come, but we believe the worst is behind for the sector."
Elsewhere, in Dubai the index was almost flat, closing near a 4-1/2 month low, as 16 shares rose and 14 declined. Second- and third-tier shares, which are often traded by local day-traders, were the top movers, with GFH Financial Group jumping 5.6 percent but builder Arabtec dropping 4.6 percent.
In Abu Dhabi the index edged up 0.2 percent with support from blue chips; real estate developer Aldar Properties rose 0.9 percent.
Qatar's largest petrochemical maker, Industries Qatar , rose 0.8 percent after news that one of its units, QAPCO, had signed an agreement with state-owned Qatar Petroleum to supply the low-density polyethylene producer with additional ethane gas.
Other Qatari shares sagged, however, dragging the index 0.3 percent lower. Vodafone Qatar, which has not yet reported earnings, fell 0.9 percent.
Egypt's index fell 0.7 percent to a two-month low, extending the previous session's 1.2 percent loss, as local retail traders exited positions, bourse data showed.
Tobacco maker Eastern Co fell 1.4 percent despite saying it had signed an agreement with Al-Mansour International Distribution, the distributor of Philip Morris tobacco products in Egypt, to manufacture cigarettes with the brand name "Target" for two years.
SUNDAY'S HIGHLIGHTS
SAUDI ARABIA
* The index rose 1.0 percent to 7,013 points.
DUBAI
* The index fell 0.1 percent to 3,415 points.
ABU DHABI
* The index edged up 0.2 percent to 4,523 points.
QATAR
* The index dropped 0.3 percent to 10,064 points.
EGYPT
* The index retreated 0.7 percent to 12,434 points.
BAHRAIN
* The index added 0.3 percent to 1,336 points.
OMAN
* The index fell 0.2 percent to 5,514 points.
(Editing by Andrew Torchia; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
ATHENS, April 28 Greek private sector bank deposits rose slightly in March after declining in the previous three months, central bank data showed on Friday.
Business and household deposits rose to 119.31 billion euros ($130.5 billion), their lowest level since November 2001, from 119.07 billion in February.
Greek banks have seen small deposit inflows in more than a year after the country clinched a third bailout to stay in the euro zone. They remain dependent on central bank borrowing to plug their funding gaps.
"In March, deposits of the domestic private sector increased by 278 million euros, compared with a decrease of 750 million in the previous month, and the annual growth rate stood at 3.1 percent from 2.9 percent in the previous month," the Bank of Greece said. ($1 = 0.9142 euros) (Reporting by George Georgiopoulos)
(Adds executive severance)
By Caroline Humer
NEW YORK May 2 Molina Healthcare Inc has fired its two top executives, sons of the small health insurer's founder, in a surprise shakeup prompted by its poor financial performance, the company said on Tuesday.
In January, Molina reported a loss due to the Obamacare individual insurance program and shares dropped 17 percent. On Tuesday, it reported a first-quarter net income of $1.37 per share.
Chief Executive Dr. J. Mario Molina and Chief Financial Officer John Molina, who are brothers and have managed the company for decades, will be replaced by Chief Accounting Officer Joseph White, its new chairman, Dale Wolf, said in a news release.
The Molina family, which started the company in 1980 and took it public, controls more than 20 percent of the company, through a trust and individual holdings. Large institutional investor Capitol World Investors is the next largest holder. Molina will seek a permanent CEO and White will remain CFO, the company said.
According to the company's proxy filing in March, Mario Molina is entitled to a payout worth nearly $20 million in cash and stock and John Molina is entitled to a payout worth more than $10 million. They remain on the board.
Capitol World declined to comment. A Molina spokeswoman sent a reporter to an external spokesman, who said that the Molinas were not available for comment and declined to comment beyond the release.
Molina shares closed up 18 percent, or $8.95, at $59.75.
"Investors are likely hoping that the management changes could lead to either future improved operational performance and/or a change in the board's views on strategic directions," Credit Suisse analyst Scott Fidel said in a research note.
Wolf had been a director before Dr. Molina was ousted from the chairman job. The lead independent director is Ronna Romney, a Republican politician who was once married to the brother of former Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and is the mother of the Republican National Committee chairwoman, Ronna Romney McDaniel.
MOUNTING OBAMACARE ISSUES
Molina specializes in the Medicaid program for the poor, but in 2014 it branched out into the individual insurance plans created under the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare. It was a small business until 2017, when Molina's Obamacare program ballooned to more than 1 million members in 9 states, a result of other insurers having dropped out.
Dr. Molina had been a staunch supporter of Obamacare, saying the insurer was managing its costs well. But that changed late last year as premiums failed to cover the payments made into the program's risk adjustment mechanism.
Dr. Molina, who was reassured at first by promises from President Donald Trump's administration that it would not pull the rug out from under insured Americans as it sought to repeal and replace Obamacare, became a fierce public critic of the healthcare bill proposed by the U.S. House of Representatives.
He spent time in Washington talking to policymakers and was quoted by the national press, including the New York Times, about his concerns.
Last Thursday, Dr. Molina sent congressional leaders a letter in which he promised to send the government a notice of default if it did not back the subsidies that help members pay for out-of-pocket costs, drop as many as 700,000 members this year and warned that Molina might leave the market in 2018.
The company moved its shareholder meeting to May 10 from Wednesday and said it would send out new proxy materials. (Reporting by Caroline Humer, Mike Erman and Carl O'Donnell; Editing by Diane Craft, Richard Chang and Jonathan Oatis)
LONDON The time is right for cricket to return to the Olympics and a decision on applying for inclusion in 2024 will have to be made within months, the head of the sport's governing body said on Thursday.
The founder of the modern Olympics, Frenchman Pierre de Coubertin, was enthusiastic about cricket, a sport dominated by Britain and former British colonies such as Australia and India, but it has only once featured in a game - in Paris in 1900.
"We need to make a decision by, I guess, July of this year so that we can submit an application by September," Dave Richardson, chief executive of the International Cricket Council (ICC), told reporters.
"And of course it's not what cricket wants, It's whether the IOC wants us."
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) will choose between 2024 bid cities Paris and Los Angeles at a meeting in Lima in September, with new sports also under consideration. Baseball and softball are set to return in Tokyo in 2020.
Richardson said it did not matter which city won the bid.
"Both (cities) would ... probably be opportunistic for us, especially the U.S. option, but also in Europe," he said at the SportsPro Live conference at Wembley Stadium.
"You'd have to spend a little bit more money on cricket pitches in France than in the U.S. but it's not impossible."
BENEFITS
"I think the majority of the members, and certainly myself, think the time is right," Richardson added. "I think we've come to the conclusion that the overall benefit to the game of helping to globalise it and grow will outweigh any negatives."
Richardson said any approach would be for cricket's shortest Twenty20 format.
The IOC had already made clear that there were limitations on athlete numbers, which would mean a competition of six to eight national sides at elite level.
There have been concerns that Olympic inclusion could damage the sport's own events, while clearing the calendar at a busy time of the cricket year would be another headache.
The problems that golf suffered, with many top players not attending, could also count against cricket. Golf returned to the Games last year in Rio for the first time since 1904.
England and West Indies could not compete as such. Britain represents England and the other home nations at the Olympics, while Jamaica and other Caribbean nations compete individually. However, India would have a real medal chance.
"The benefit is not so much about which teams go to the Olympics," said Richardson. "It's more that once your sport is an Olympic sport, it provides access to government funding in countries where they need the money."
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Gareth Jones)
Britain Soccer Football - Manchester United v West Bromwich Albion - Premier League - Old Trafford - 1/4/17 Manchester United's Wayne Rooney warms up before the game Action Images via Reuters / Lee Smith Livepic
Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney could miss Sunday's Premier League trip to basement side Sunderland due to an ankle problem, manager Jose Mourinho has said.
Injuries have restricted Rooney, who missed Tuesday's 1-1 draw with his former club Everton at Old Trafford due to ankle pain, to just three appearances in the last two months.
"I don't know but two ankles, I don't think it's easy to recover in a couple of days," Mourinho told British media.
United trio Chris Smalling, Phil Jones and Juan Mata have already been ruled out of the Sunderland game after sustaining long-term injuries last month.
Defenders Smalling and Jones were injured on international duty with England last month, while Spanish midfielder Mata has undergone surgery on a groin problem.
However, right back Antonio Valencia is likely to return after being rested for the Everton game.
Back-to-back home draws have seen fifth-placed United lose ground in the race to finish in the top four Champions League slots but they will look to return to winning ways when they travel to the Stadium of Light.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
A man walks past the logo of Asahi Group Holdings at the company's headquarters in Tokyo, Japan, May 17, 2016. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
TOKYO Japanese beer maker Asahi Group Holdings Ltd (2502.T) said on Tuesday it will take on 7.4 billion euros (6.36 billion pounds) in bank loans to finance its acquisition of European assets from Anheuser-Busch InBev SAC NV (ABI.BR).
The brewer, known for Japan's best-selling "Super Dry" beer, in December agreed to buy a group of eastern European beer brands, including Pilsner Urquell, from AB InBev for 7.3 billion euros.
In a statement, Asahi said it will take on short-term loans from Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp (8316.T) and Mizuho Bank Ltd (8411.T).
Companies typically borrow on a short-term basis as bridging loans before securing permanent financing through, for instance, syndicated loans or bonds.
An Asahi spokesman said nothing has been decided about permanent financing.
(Reporting by Taiga Uranaka; Editing by Christopher Cushing)
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
April 12 Metanor Resources Inc:
* Metanor Resources Inc - Greg Gibson, chairman of board, has been appointed to position of interim chief executive officer
* Retirement of company's' founders Serge Roy, executive chairman Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 28 LyondellBasell Industries NV:
* LyondellBasell reports first-quarter 2017 earnings
* Q1 earnings per share $2.00 from continuing operations
* Q1 earnings per share view $2.36 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* LyondellBasell Industries NV - "during April, global olefin and polyolefin industry conditions continue to remain favorable"
* Qtrly sales and other operating revenues $8.43 billion versus $7.75 billion last quarter
* Q1 earnings per share view $2.36, revenue view $7.71 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* LyondellBasell-While Q1 maintenance was relatively light for u.s. Ethylene industry, industry schedules show higher planned downtime in Europe, Asia in Q2 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Kenneth G. Hurst, 82, widower of the late Betty D. Hurst, died Monday, Feb. 13, 2017, at his home.
He was born June 1, 1934, in Washington County, he was the son of the late Brack and Mayme Hendron Hurst.
Mr. Hurst was retired from Abbott Laboratories where he worked as a pharmaceutical sales rep. He also served as an elder and sang in the Glory Boys Quartet at the Hill-n-Dale Christian Church. He was also an avid golfer.
August 17, 1937 - January 13, 2018
A celebration of life will be in the spring for William “Bill” Ardell, age 80 of Sartell and formerly of Baltimore who died Saturday at the St. Cloud Hospital.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
The logo of Toshiba Corp is seen behind a traffic light at the company's headquarters in Tokyo, Japan March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Issei Kato
The Vogtle Unit 3 and 4 sites, being constructed by primary contactor Westinghouse, a business unit of Toshiba, near Waynesboro, Georgia, U.S. is seen in an aerial photo taken February 2017. Georgia Power/Handout via REUTERS
A U.S. bankruptcy judge on Thursday cleared Westinghouse Electric Co, a unit of Japan's Toshiba Corp (6502.T), to borrow an initial $350 million to support the company's global operations while it restructures operations.
Westinghouse filed for Chapter 11 on Wednesday in the wake of billions of dollars in cost overruns at two U.S. nuclear power plants it is building in the U.S. Southeast.
The Pittsburgh-based company said the loan will support its profitable operations, such as nuclear maintenance and fuels businesses, some of which are in Europe and not part of the bankruptcy.
U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Michael Wiles in Manhattan approved the loan but demanded changes to protect Westinghouse from being on the hook for repaying money that was supporting non-bankrupt businesses, which are beyond the reach of the company's creditors.
A Westinghouse adviser testified the loan was needed to reassure European customers that the company could carry out its work, which would boost the overall value of Westinghouse and contribute to an eventual reorganization or sale of the company.
An affiliate of Apollo Global Management (APO.N) has agreed to provide the loan to Westinghouse, which can seek court approval to borrow up to $800 million.
The V.C. Summer project in South Carolina and the Vogtle project in Georgia are the first new U.S. nuclear power plants in three decades. Construction on both plants is around one-third complete and billions of dollars over budget.
Westinghouse was hired by the utilities in 2008 to design and construct the plants using its new AP1000 reactors, which were originally expected to begin producing power this week.
The utilities that own the troubled projects in South Carolina and Georgia said they would assess their viability by April 28.
"We're facing a stark choice: shut down because (Westinghouse) no longer wants to provide support, or step in and take on direct payment of workers and vendors," Greg Gordon, a lawyer for Southern Co's (SO.N) Georgia utility told the court on Thursday.
Executives from SCANA Corp (SCG.N), which owns the majority of the South Carolina project, said on a conference call on Wednesday they preferred to finish the work.
Westinghouse is building AP1000 plants in China, and that country's State Power Investment Corp said on Thursday it still expected the first of four planned reactors to begin producing electricity this year.
Westinghouse also won approval on Thursday from British regulators for its AP1000 reactor design.
(Reporting by Tom Hals in Wilmington, Delaware; Editing by Noeleen Walder and Jeffrey Benkoe)
JOHANNESBURG (miningweekly.com) – Coal developer MC Mining has appointed CFO Brenda Berlin as an executive director to its board and also announced two nonexecutive director appointments.
Berlin was named CFO in November last year and joined MC from Impala Platinum, where she held a number of senior appointments, including head of group corporate finance activities.
Advertisement
An Chee Sin and Brian He Zhen, meanwhile, will join MC as nonexecutive directors. Chee Sin is an accredited tax practitioner with the Singapore Institute of Accredited Tax Professionals and is also a chartered accountant with the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants.
Zhen holds a bachelor's degree in business administration from Sichuan University and is currently marketing and public relations executive for Pan African Mining.
Advertisement
“The board welcomes the new directors and looks forward to their contributions toward MC Mining achieving its objectives and vision. Their combined expertise will assist in the development of the Makhado hard coking and thermal coal project, the Uitkomst Colliery and the greater Soutpansberg projects, delivering shareholder value from the company's extensive coal resources,” chairperson Bernie Pryor said in a statement on Tuesday.
April 5 NSN Co Ltd :
* Says all of its 14th series unregistered and unsecured private convertible bonds have been subscribed on April 5
* Says it has raised 5.1 billion won in total
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/06sXjR
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Romania's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST, June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament, his spokeswoman said on Thursday.
Wayne National Forest, Marietta Unit in Ohio, U.S., in this handout photo received May 2, 2017. Taylor McKinnon/Center for Biological Diversity/Handout via REUTERS
CLEVELAND Ohio legislators took a step toward allowing fracking in state parks, adding a provision in a pending budget that would strip the governor of the ability to control the issuing of licenses for the oil and gas drilling practice that has raised environmental concerns.
The provision, added on Tuesday by the Republican-controlled House, would allow the state legislature instead of the governor to control appointments to the Oil and Gas Commission responsible for issuing drilling licenses for state lands.
Governor John Kasich, a Republican, has not named any members to the four-member commission since signing the bill that created the group in 2011. This has effectively halted any fracking in parks.
Fracking opponents complained that the legislature was now trying to find a way to allow fracking without the proper safeguards to ensure public safety.
“It is an end run by Republicans in the legislature to facilitate more fracking and drilling in Ohio state parks,” David Leland, a Democratic state representative from Columbus who voted against the budget partly due to the measure, said on Wednesday.
Fracking, short for hydraulic fracturing, involves injecting water, sand and chemicals into wells to fracture shale and release natural gas and oil. Critics say the practice has polluted water supplies, while backers say it supplies needed energy resources.
Proponents of the provision said it would not necessarily result in widespread drilling and fracking in state parks.
“The provision is simply an attempt to fill that committee,” Ben Miller, spokesman for the Ohio House Republicans, said on Wednesday.
Separately, four conservation groups have sued the U.S. Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management in an attempt to halt fracking plans in Ohio's only national forest.
Nearly a fifth of Ohio has geographical potential for shale gas drilling, said Nathan Johnson, public director of the Ohio Environmental Council, an environmental group.
The proposed budget must be approved by the Republican-controlled state senate by July 1.
Kasich spokeswoman Emmalee Kalmbach would not comment on whether Kasich would use a line-item veto to kill the provision. In an email, Kalmbach said only that the governor does not weigh in on pending legislation, but is confident he can work with lawmakers to “find the right way forward, preserve our jobs-friendly climate and show the world that Ohio can manage its affairs well in the face of all kinds of challenges.”
(Reporting by Kim Palmer, Editing by Ben Klayman and David Gregorio)
March 28 Rosenbauer International AG
* FY revenues up slightly at 870.8 million euros ($945.60 million) thanks to growth in Europe and US
* FY EBIT for 2016 financial year was below previous year's level at 47.0 million euros (2015: 50.6 million euros)
* Will propose a dividend of 1.2 (2015: 1.5) euros per share
* Management anticipates revenues and earnings in 2017 similar to 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9209 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 6 PacWest Bancorp:
* PacWest Bancorp and CU Bancorp agree to merge
* PacWest Bancorp - transaction valued at approximately $705 million
* PacWest Bancorp - transaction was approved by PacWest and CU Bancorp boards of directors
* PacWest Bancorp - CU Bancorp shareholders will receive 0.5308 shares of PacWest common stock and $12.00 in cash for each share of CU Bancorp
* PacWest Bancorp - total value of merger consideration is $39.45 per CU Bancorp share
* PacWest Bancorp - total value of merger consideration is $39.45 per CU Bancorp share
* PacWest Bancorp - in connection with transaction, California united bank will be merged into pacific western bank Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 3 Heian Ceremony Service Co Ltd :
* Says its shareholder Aberdeen Investment management K.K. cuts stake in co to 0 percent from 9.95 percent
* Aberdeen Asset Management raises stake in co to 10.59 percent from 1.26 percent
* Changes occurs on May 1
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/Awy360
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
U.S. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) holds a news conference at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, U.S., March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
WASHINGTON U.S. House of Representatives Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi on Monday urged House Speaker Paul Ryan to insist that Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes recuse himself from the panel's investigation of alleged ties between President Donald Trump's associates and Russia.
"Chairman Nunes' discredited behaviour has tarnished that office," Pelosi said in a statement. "Speaker Ryan must insist that Chairman Nunes at least recuse himself from the Trump-Russia investigation immediately. That leadership is long overdue."
(Reporting by Eric Beech)
FILE PHOTO: The Pfizer logo is seen at their world headquarters in New York April 28, 2014. REUTERS/Andrew Kelly/File Photo
Pfizer Inc (PFE.N) posted basically flat first-quarter earnings, prompting suggestions that the largest U.S. drugmaker needs to do deals in order to improve its growth prospects.
Sales of rheumatoid arthritis drug Xeljanz, prostate cancer treatment Xtandi and pneumonia vaccine Prevnar fell short of analyst estimates. Sales of breast cancer drug Ibrance, which has just begun to face Novartis AG's (NOVN.S) rival treatment Kisqali, rose more than 58 percent, but just missed expectations.
"Key franchises came in well below expectations, raising concerns about Pfizer's ability to grow in the absence of M&A," Goldman Sachs analysts said.
Speaking on a conference call with investors, Chief Executive Ian Read said that he expects Pfizer to do big deals in the future, but that a number of U.S. government issues like tax and healthcare reform need to be resolved first. A number of possible target companies are also awaiting make-or-break data that could affect their value, he said.
"We never say never, but I believe the current environment needs to stabilize in order to be an advantageous market for big deals," he said.
Revenue fell 1.7 percent to $12.78 billion, missing the average estimate of $13.09 billion. Pfizer said fewer selling days in the quarter than last year reduced sales by about $300 million.
Sales of Pfizer's patent-protected drugs jumped about 12 percent in the quarter to $7.42 billion, while sales of copy-cat generics and biosimilars fell 10 percent to $5.36 billion.
"Because its pipeline is on the thinner side, continued M&A will likely be part of Pfizer's future," said Bernstein analyst Tim Anderson. "It has said that targets of all sizes are theoretically on the table."
Sales of a key drug picked up in Pfizer's $14-billion September acquisition of Medivation Inc - prostate cancer treatment Xtandi - fell well short of expectations.
The company pegged the 11-percent sales decline on investigations surrounding patient assistance programs curtailing the amount of assistance patients are getting, and said it still sees significant upside for the treatment.
Pfizer's net income rose 3 percent to $3.12 billion, or 51 cents per share, as it pared back costs. Excluding items, the company earned 69 cents per share, beating the average analyst estimate of 67 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Pfizer reaffirmed its 2017 adjusted earnings forecast of $2.50 to $2.60 per share.
Pfizer shares fell 0.9 percent to $33.48 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
(Reporting by Michael Erman in New York and Divya Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty and Nick Zieminski)
(Adds company news items, futures) April 3 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening up 6 points at 7,328 on Monday, according to financial bookmakers, with futures up 3 points ahead of the cash market open. * LLOYDS: The British government has reduced its holding in Lloyds Banking Group PLC to less than 2 percent, putting the lender on track to be in full private ownership within weeks. * IMAGINATION TECH: Apple has given Imagination Tech notice that it will stop using its graphics technology in the iPhone and other products in up to two years' time, dealing a major blow to the British company. * RECKITT BENCKISER: British consumer goods maker Reckitt Benckiser is weighing strategic options for its food business, it said on Monday it, following its agreement to buy Mead Johnson . * CO-OP BANK: Britain's Virgin Money is poised to make a bid for Co-operative Bank , the Times reported on Saturday. bit.ly/2nQyisU * RIO TINTO: The copper market is likely to see a small shortage as early as this year because of a lack of new supply and the removal of up to 800,000 tonnes over the past 18 months in response to modest prices, Rio Tinto's copper and diamonds chief will say on Tuesday. * SHELL: Royal Dutch Shell has decided to withdraw from Kakinada gas project in India, Business Standard reported on Monday. * NATIONAL GRID: UK electricity system operator National Grid is pressing for a rule change that would allow it to own storage, the Financial Times reported on Sunday. * APAX: British private equity fund Apax Partners is close to finalizing a deal to buy Israel-based Syneron Medical , an aesthetic device company, for about $500 million, Israeli media reported on Sunday. * BRITAIN ECONOMY: British company finance chiefs are their most optimistic in 18 months, but their risk appetite has recovered far less from the battering it took in the run-up to and aftermath of last year's vote to leave the European Union, a survey showed on Monday. * OIL: Oil futures dipped in early Asian trade on Monday on worries about global oversupply after a higher U.S. rig count pointed to rising U.S. shale production, while a stronger dollar also put pressure on crude. * The UK blue chip FTSE 100 index closed 0.6 percent lower at 7,322.92 points on Friday, weighed down by South Africa-exposed stocks after President Jacob Zuma sacked finance minister Pravin Gordhan, causing a slump in the rand. * For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets TODAY'S UK PAPERS > Financial Times > Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Siju Varghese; Editing by Sunil Nair)
April 13 UK Takeover Panel:
* Crispin Wright, appointed director general takeover panel in July 2015 for two years, to extend his secondment from Rothschild & Co until June 30, 2018 Source text for Eikon: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
LONDON Britain's FTSE 100 share index .FTSE will dip in the months after the country starts official divorce proceedings later on Wednesday with the European Union but reach new record highs next year, a Reuters poll found.
Since June's shock vote to quit the EU, British shares have found support from a slide in sterling, resurgent commodity markets and a much better economic performance than had been feared, and the benchmark hit a record high of 7,447.0 in March.
"The FTSE has had a spectacular run since the Brexit vote, with the share prices of UK multinationals benefiting from the lower pound. In addition, the FTSE has benefited from a general uptrend in global stock markets since the U.S. election," said Colin Cieszynski, chief market strategist CMC Markets.
Global equities have rallied since Donald Trump was elected U.S. President in November, driven by a reflation trade on hopes for increased infrastructure spending and tax cuts.
But on Friday, Republican leaders pulled legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system, a 2016 election campaign promise of Trump, which has led to questions about his ability to deliver on his other pledges.
Adding more mud to the water, there has so far been little clarity on the tone the Brexit negotiations will take. Prime Minister Theresa May is due to trigger Article 50 on Wednesday, starting the two-year countdown to Britain leaving the EU.
Come mid-year, the FTSE 100 will be at 7,250 points, down just over 1 percent from Tuesday's close of 7,343.42, according to the median forecast of 20 traders, fund managers and strategists. But once again, stock market watchers shrugged off any longer-term negative implications.
By the time 2017 comes to a conclusion the benchmark index will have roared back to 7,425, according to the poll, taken in the past week. It will then power through the previous high to reach 7,500 by end-June next year.
"It's not going to be the weakness of sterling -- we have seen the worst of the Brexit impact on the currency," said Jasper Lawler at London Capital Group.
"It's going to be more that the U.S. markets are massively overvalued and we are still in a general global bull market for equities. People have been worried about the impact of Brexit and steered clear, so that relative underperformance will be redressed."
Following the June referendum, Britain's economy has proved resilient -- at the end of 2016 growth accelerated -- but over the whole year it was weaker than previously thought, amid signs the Brexit vote will increasingly act as a brake.
Sterling is down around 15 percent against the dollar since the surprise outcome to leave the EU, making FTSE stocks cheaper for foreign investors and lifting repatriated profits.
"The recent slide in sterling has lifted the earnings of multinationals significantly since the Brexit referendum," said Alastair George, chief investment strategist at Edison Investment Research.
The pound's downward momentum is probably just about over, however, and with little hope for recovery, it will trade not far from current levels in the coming year, a Reuters poll found earlier this month. [GBP/POLL]
Cable has come under further pressure as the U.S. Federal Reserve has embarked on a monetary policy tightening cycle while the Bank of England is not expected to act until 2019 at least. [FED/R][BOE/INT]
Compared to European stocks, the FTSE will slightly outperform this year. The Reuters poll predicted the STOXX Europe 600 index would be up a little under 1 percent from current levels by the end of December. [EPOLL/FRDE]
(Other stories from the Reuters global stock markets poll:)
(Polling by Kit Rees and Helen Reid in London, Danilo Masoni in Milan; Editing by Catherine Evans)
(Adds c.bank official reserves announcement)
CAIRO, April 3 Egypt's foreign reserves rose to $28.5 billion by the end of March, the highest level since March 2011, a cabinet statement and the central bank said on Monday.
The cabinet statement also said Egypt had attracted $17 billion of foreign currency inflows since the flotation of the pound in November. The Central Bank allocated $23 billion to finance foreign trade in the same period, the statement added.
The country had roughly $36 billion in reserves before an uprising in 2011 ushered in a period of political turmoil, scaring away tourists and foreign investors, key sources of hard currency.
The central bank floated the Egyptian pound in November as part of an economic reform programme. The move helped Egypt clinch a $12 billion, three-year loan from the International Monetary Fund. (Reporting by Dominic Evans; Editing by Eric Knecht)
* PREVIOUS TRADING SESSION MOVES:
* SSEC -0.4 pct, CSI300 -0.4 pct, HSI +0.1 pct
* Northbound connects closed on Tuesday
* Shenzhen->HK daily quota used 1.5 pct
* CNY official close 6.8965 per dollar, 0.5 pct softer vs US$ last 90 days
* FTSE China A50 -0.4 pct, BNY Mellon ADR China Select Index +0.4 pct
SHANGHAI, May 3 Following is a list of recent corporate and policy announcements, as well as other news that might affect Chinese financial markets. Policy, government, sector news:
* China's Silk Road push in Thailand may founder on Mekong River row
* China c.bank injects $73.4 bln of liquidity in April, 18 pct less than March
* China, HK eye July handover anniversary to unveil 'Bond Connect' -sources
* China banks hike lending rates for Beijing home buyers - sources
* China will guard against shocks from cross-border capital flows - FX regulator
Company moves:
In focus
* China's HNA raises Deutsche Bank stake to nearly 10 pct-source
* China Everbright Bank to raise up to 31 bln yuan via H-share issue
Earnings/Performance
* Ningbo Zhoushan Port's container, cargo throughputs up
Equity changes
* Oceanwide Holdings' offshore affiliate Quam to raise about HK$5.1 bln by share placement
* Zoomlion has not bought back A-shares as planned earlier
* Anhui Xinhua Media's controlling shareholder to raise stake within 6 months IPOs
* Qingdao Weflo Valve's Shenzhen IPO 8,365.5 times oversubscribed in online tranche
* Shenzhen Genvict Technologies' Shenzhen IPO 4,280 times oversubscribed in online tranche
* Jinneng Science & Technology's Shenzhen IPO 6,189.96 times oversubscribed in online tranche
M&A
* Truking Technology to acquire stake in Germany's Romaco
* Chongqing Iron & Steel to halt asset restructuring after failing to meet regulatory requirements Regulation
* Pangda Automobile Trade probed by regulator for possible violations of regulations
* Minmetals Capital to withdraw delisting risk warning after completing restructuring Other moves (spin-offs, divestitures, deals)
* Shanghai Fosun Pharma's unit to invest in Partners Innovation Fund II
* Chongqing Changan Automobile receives government research fund of 180 mln yuan (Compiled by Luoyan Liu; Editing by Sam Holmes)
Global Topotecan Hydrochloride Market 2017, presents a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Topotecan Hydrochloride Market Globally, providing basic overview of Topotecan Hydrochloride Market Including Definitions, Classifications, Applications and Industry Chain Structure, Topotecan Hydrochloride Market report provides development policies and plans are discussed as well as Manufacturing processes and cost structures. Topotecan Hydrochloride Market size, share and end users are analyzed as well as segment Markets by types, applications and companies.
Download Sample Report @ http://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/30582/request-sample
Topotecan Hydrochloride Market research report studies Topotecan Hydrochloride in Global Market, Topotecan Hydrochloride Market report gives detail analysis of regions especially in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Germany, France, UK, Italy, Russia, China, Japan, India, Korea, Southeast Asia, Australia, Brazil, Middle East and Africa. Global Topotecan Hydrochloride Market report focuses on top Manufacturers in global Market, with their Business perspective which consist of Topotecan Hydrochloride capacity, production, price, revenue and Topotecan Hydrochloride Market share for each Manufacturer.
Topotecan Hydrochloride Market Research Report 2017 Covers the following Manufacturers.
Ark Pharm
Wilshire Technologies
ChemFaces
Boc Sciences
CAYMAN CHEMICAL
Global Topotecan Hydrochloride Market segment by Countries, Topotecan Hydrochloride Market report splits Global into several key Countries, with Topotecan Hydrochloride Sales, Topotecan Hydrochloride production, Topotecan Hydrochloride consumption, Topotecan Hydrochloride revenue, Topotecan Hydrochloride Market share and growth rate of Topotecan Hydrochloride in these regions, from 2012 to 2027. Topotecan Hydrochloride Market report split by Product type and Application, with Topotecan Hydrochloride sales, production, revenue, price, Market share and growth rate of each type, according to Application Topotecan Hydrochloride Market report Focuses on Consumption, Market share and growth rate of Topotecan Hydrochloride in each Application.
Topotecan Hydrochloride Market Research Report Split by Type
Purity >98%
Purity ≤98%
Access Full Report @ http://www.fiormarkets.com/report/2017-2022-global-top-countries-topotecan-hydrochloride-market-report-30582.html
Topotecan Hydrochloride Market Research Report Split by Application
Capsule
Injection
Table of Contents
2017-2022 Global Top Countries Topotecan Hydrochloride Market Report
1 Topotecan Hydrochloride Market Overview
2 Global Topotecan Hydrochloride Sales, Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Manufacturers
3 Global Topotecan Hydrochloride Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
4 Global Topotecan Hydrochloride Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis
5 North America Topotecan Hydrochloride Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
6 Latin America Topotecan Hydrochloride Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
7 Europe Topotecan Hydrochloride Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
8 Asia-Pacific Topotecan Hydrochloride Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
9 Middle East and Africa Topotecan Hydrochloride Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017)
10 Topotecan Hydrochloride Manufacturing Cost Analysis
11 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers
12 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders
13 Market Effect Factors Analysis
14 Global Topotecan Hydrochloride Market Forecast (2017-2022)
15 Research Findings and Conclusion
16 Appendices
16.1 Methodology
16.2 Analyst Introduction
16.3 Data Source
Contact Us
Mark Stone
Sales Manager
Phone: (201) 465-4211
Email: sales@fiormarkets.com
Web: www.fiormarkets.com
(Repeats Friday report)
* New York float would demand more disclosure than London
* NYSE would give Aramco access to larger pool of capital
* Prince has said IPO will value Aramco at minimum $2 trln
By Rania El Gamal, Katie Paul and Alex Lawler
DUBAI/RIYADH/LONDON, Aug 11 (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia favours New York for the main foreign listing of state oil giant Aramco, even though some financial and legal advisers have recommended London as a less problematic and risky option, people familiar with the matter told Reuters.
A final decision on where to stage what could be the world's largest initial public offering will be taken by Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman - or MbS as he is known - who oversees the kingdom's economic and energy policies, the sources said.
Their comments point to internal disagreements between what some advisers are recommending and what the crown prince wants.
Prince Mohammad may choose to list Aramco on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) for "political considerations", given the longstanding relationship between Riyadh and Washington, the sources said. However, they added that financial and commercial factors would also play a role in the choice.
Aramco said in a statement that no decision has been taken yet on the listing venue, beyond the Saudi exchange Tadawul. "All options continue to be held under consideration. There is no timetable requirement for an immediate definitive decision," Aramco said in response to a Reuters request for comment.
Selling around five percent of Aramco by next year is a centrepiece of Vision 2030, an ambitious reform plan to diversify the Saudi economy beyond oil which is championed by Prince Mohammad.
Several advisers have recommended London for the main listing outside Saudi Arabia, sources familiar with the matter told Reuters last month, partly due to concerns that a U.S. flotation would require greater disclosure of sensitive information on Aramco.
One senior industry source, however, said New York is likely to be the favoured option for the Saudi government and Prince Mohammad. "That is broadly correct," the source said, adding: "All awaits on the final shareholder decision."
Apart from New York and London, Hong Kong is also a contender, sources say. The flotation is expected to raise tens of billions of dollars which would be invested to help develop other Saudi industries.
The New York and London stock exchanges declined to comment.
Exchanges are vying to win part of the flotation as it will bring a major boost to their trading volumes, and will be likely to help them win listings from other Gulf states which are looking to part-privatise their commodity assets.
But the Aramco plan has created some public misgivings that Riyadh is relinquishing its crown jewels to foreigners cheaply at a time of low oil prices. Some Aramco employees secretly wish the whole idea would be shelved, sources say.
Apart from choosing an exchange, no decision has been made either on exactly which assets will be floated, or what Aramco's internal organisational structure would look like after listing, the sources say.
One of the main issues being discussed internally is the valuation. Prince Mohammed has said the IPO will value Aramco at a minimum of $2 trillion, although some analysts' estimates are between $1 trillion and $1.5 trillion.
Though listing on the New York market would mean access to more liquidity, this would bring greater scrutiny to Aramco's estimates of proven energy reserves and future oil prices, as well as its demand forecasts, all of which play a major role in the company's valuation, another industry source said.
For the valuation, much depends on the outlook for oil prices, which are currently only half what they were three years ago.
"That's why Saudi Arabia needs a higher oil price for the IPO now, to get a better value for Aramco," the source said.
The back-and-forth internal talks between the crown prince, Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih, Aramco management and the many financial and legal advisers on some of these main decisions have raised speculation that the listing, which is expected to be in the second half of 2018, could be pushed further out.
"They are still studying. When all is settled, they will present all options to MbS," said one industry source.
JASTA RISK
Aramco's lawyers caution about litigation risks associated with the U.S. Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act (JASTA), two sources said.
That law, passed last September, allowed lawsuits to proceed against the Saudi government claiming it had helped to plan the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks on the United States and should pay damages to victims. Riyadh denies the allegations.
Finance Minister Mohammed al-Jadaan, a lawyer by training, is most attuned to the legal risk of the four senior government officials advising the crown prince on the listing decision, the source said.
Falih, who is also Aramco's chairman, Economy and Planning Minister Adel Fakieh and Public Investment Fund Managing Director Yasir al-Rumayyan are the other members of the crown prince's advisory committee, the source said, without elaborating on their views.
The Finance Ministry did not respond to a request for comment on the views of Jadaan.
Saudi industry sources dismissed JASTA as a reason for not listing in New York, noting that Saudi Arabia is believed to have hundreds of billions of dollars of investments in the United States already, including Aramco assets.
They say the difficulty is related more to the disclosure process and complex regulations in New York. These may legally interfere with the sovereignty of the Saudi government, which would remain the major shareholder of Aramco after the flotation.
While the London Stock Exchange has made winning the Aramco listing a priority, the NYSE has not offered any regulatory changes, a source familiar with talks between NYSE and Aramco told Reuters last month.
Britain's Financial Conduct Authority has proposed creating a new "premium" listing category for companies controlled by sovereign states which would exempt them from certain regulatory requirements. The new rules are due to be published towards the end of this year. (Additional reporting by Tom Arnold in Dubai; Dasha Afanasieva in London, John McCrank in New York, Editing by David Stamp)
Demonstrators hold a Venezuelan flag while rallying against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
A demonstrator wears a mask reading: 'Resists Venezuela, Maduro murderer, dictator' while rallying against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators hold Venezuelan flags and a sign reads: ' All the food for all the people! No more dictatorship ' while rallying against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators hold Venezuelan flags while rallying against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators hold Venezuelan flags and a sign reads: ' All the food for all the people! No more dictatorship ' while rallying against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Venezuela opposition leader and Governor of Miranda state Henrique Capriles (C) reacts affected by tear gas while rallying against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Opposition lawmaker Juan Requesens speaks during a rally against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators clash with police during rally against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrator prepares to fire a homemade mortar with a sign reads, 'Resist Venezuela' during rally against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators react affected by tear gas while rallying against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro speaks during his weekly broadcast 'Los Domingos con Maduro' (The Sundays with Maduro) in Caracas, Venezuela April 30, 2017. Miraflores Palace/Handout via REUTERS
Demonstrators clash with police during rally against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrator fires a homemade mortar during rally against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators clash with riot police on armored car during rally against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
CARACAS Venezuela's socialist President Nicolas Maduro announced on Monday the creation of a new popular assembly with the ability to re-write the constitution, which foes decried as a power-grab to stifle weeks of anti-government unrest.
"I don't want a civil war," Maduro told a May Day rally of supporters in downtown Caracas while elsewhere across the city security forces fired tear gas at youths hurling stones and petrol bombs after opposition marches were blocked.
Maduro, 54, has triggered an article of the constitution that creates a super-body known as a "constituent assembly."
It can dissolve public powers and call general elections, echoing a previous assembly created by his predecessor Hugo Chavez in 1999 soon after he won office in the South American OPEC nation.
"I convoke the original constituent power to achieve the peace needed by the Republic, defeat the fascist coup, and let the sovereign people impose peace, harmony and true national dialogue," Maduro told red-shirted supporters.
Only half of the 500-member assembly, or less, would be elected and political parties would not participate, he said.
Opponents fear Maduro would stuff the assembly with supporters and manipulate the elected seats by giving extra weight to pro-government workers and unions.
They said it was another attempt to sideline the current opposition-led National Assembly and potentially avoid elections amid a bruising recession and protests that have led to 29 deaths in the last month.
The opposition had been demanding general elections to try and end the socialists' 18-year rule. A grave-faced National Assembly President Julio Borges on Monday evening called on Venezuelans to rebel, potentially portending bigger protests.
"This is a scam to deceive the Venezuelan people with a mechanism that is nothing more than a coup," Borges said, urging Venezuelans to block streets early on Tuesday and hold another march on Wednesday. Opposition supporters on Monday night were also banging empty pots and pans from their windows in a traditional Latin American form of protest.
Since anti-Maduro unrest began in early April, more than 400 people have been injured and hundreds more arrested.
While Maduro alleges a U.S.-backed coup plot, foes say he has wrecked the economy and become a tyrant.
Tulane University sociologist David Smilde said Maduro's announcement was a "pretty clever" move to dodge conventional elections which could both appeal to government hardliners and ease international pressure on him.
"It is sufficiently complex and ambiguous that it might freeze some countries in the international community who think this might be a concession to the opposition, or represents an autonomous political process and should be respected," he said."It is a transparent attempt on the part of the government to skirt elections it knows it will lose," he added.
"WHO CAN STAND THIS?"
Earlier on Monday, National Guard troops shot teargas in a district of west Caracas towards hundreds of opposition protesters standing around waiting to march.
"For no reason, they are starting to repress us," lawmaker Jose Olivares said via a video on Periscope, as demonstrators took cover behind trees and walls and opposition lawmakers streamed video of the protest from their phones.
Olivares was injured in the head by a gas canister, the opposition said. He later tweeted that the wound required a dozen stitches.
Elsewhere, the National Guard blocked marchers pouring towards a major highway in front of the Avila mountain which towers over Caracas' northern edge. Opposition supporters cheered as youths ran to the front, carrying makeshift shields made from trash bin lids, wood and even a satellite dish.
Some, wearing motorbike helmets, swimming goggles or bandanas over their mouths, threw stones and petrol bombs at the security line, with a protester yelling, "No one turn back!"
Others blocked roads in Caracas' wealthier Chacao area with branches and fences. One woman loaded Molotov cocktails from a beer crate onto a motorbike where two men took them to the front line.
As well as elections, government opponents are demanding autonomy for the legislature where they have a majority, freedom for more than 100 jailed activists and a humanitarian aid channel from abroad to offset Venezuela's brutal economic crisis that has food and medicine running short.
On Monday evening, Maduro said he had ordered cabinet members to analyse nationwide price freezes. Current price controls are seen as a root cause of shortages as they disincentivise businesses from producing amid steep inflation, so a more widely applied freeze could further hit supplies.
In central Caracas, where the socialists have traditionally held their rallies, thousands of government supporters cheered a huge inflatable doll of Chavez and railed against opposition "terrorists."
"The workers are in the street to defend our president against the violent coup-mongers," said Aaron Pulido, 29, a union worker with migration department Saime, in downtown Caracas among a sea of red banners.
The government laid on hundreds of buses for its backers but closed subway stations in the capital and set up roadblocks, impeding opposition mobilization.
Some government workers acknowledged they had been coerced into attending Monday's pro-Maduro rally. "We're here because they tell us to. If not, there are problems," a 34 year-old employee with a state aluminium company, just off a bus after an all-night journey from southern Ciudad Bolivar, told a journalist until a supervisor cut off the conversation.
Millions of Venezuelans are struggling to eat three square meals a day or afford basic medicines.
"Who can stand this? So much hunger, misery, crime ... The prices are going up far more than the salary rises," said social security worker Sonia Lopez, 34, at the opposition demonstration in west Caracas, as she waved a Venezuelan flag signed by now jailed opposition politician Antonio Ledezma.
(Additonal reporting by Marco Bello, Diego Ore, Andreina Aponte, Girish Gupta, Diego Ore, Eyanir Chinea and Carlos Rawlins; Editing by Andrew Hay and Mary Milliken)
Migrants sent home $445 billion in 2016, lifting millions out of poverty - report
LONDON, June 14 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Migrants working in rich countries sent home almost half a trillion dollars in 2016, helping to lift families out of poverty by providing financial stability, access to education, housing and healthcare, according to a global report.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Polaris Industries Inc:
* POLARIS INDUSTRIES DECLARES INCREASE IN CASH DIVIDEND
* ‍BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVES A 3% INCREASE IN REGULAR QUARTERLY CASH DIVIDEND​
* SETS REGULAR QUARTERLY CASH DIVIDEND OF $0.60PER SHARE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd :
* White Mountains reports first quarter results
* Reported March 31, 2017 book value per share of $793 and adjusted book value per share of $799
* Net written premiums were $257 million in Q1 of 2017, a decrease of 8% from Q1 of 2016
* Qtrly total revenues $385.9 million versus $369.3 million
* White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd qtrly earnings per share from continuing operations $7.72
* White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd qtrly earnings per share from total consolidated operations $7.50 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 5 Fifth Street Senior Floating Rate Corp :
* Fifth Street Senior Floating Rate Corp says on April 4, Patrick J. Dalton resigned as CEO of Fifth Street Senior Floating Rate Corp - sec filing
* Fifth Street Senior Floating Rate Corp says Dalton resigned as a member of board of directors of company Source text (bit.ly/2oBj6S3) Further company coverage:
Market Scenario:
Touchless Sensing is an innovative method which allows users to interact with the devices thereby performing certain tasks without having any physical contact. Toucless sensing has emerged as very helpful method in IT industry and apart from IT industry, it has various applications in various industries.
Hygiene factor and technological advancement are some key drivers for this market. This market has been valued at USD high billion in the year 2015, which is expected to grow at USD in a billion by the end of forecasted period.
Request a Sample @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1111
Major Key Players:
Eyesight Technologies Ltd. (Israel)
Microsoft Corporation (U.S.)
Qualcomm Inc. (U.S.)
Microchip Technology Inc. (U.S.)
Intel (U.S.)
Elliptic Labs Inc., (Norway)
CogniVue Corporation, (Canada)
InvenSense (U.S.)
Crossmatch (U.S.)
NXP Semiconductors (Netherland)
Study Objective of Touchless Sensing Market
To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global Touchless Sensing Market
To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth
To analyze the Touchless Sensing market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porter's five force analysis etc.
To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW)
To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective
To provide country level analysis of the market for segment by Sensor, by Technology, by applications vertical and sub-segments.
To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market
To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global Touchless Sensing Market
Market Segmentation:
Segmentation by Sensor : Proximity & infrared sensors, image sensors among others.
Segmentation by Technology : Touch less bio-metric (face recognition, eye recognition, touchless fingerprint recognition, voice recognition), touch-less sanitary equipment (trashcans, hand dryers, flushes among others)
Segmentation by Application Vertical : BFSI, Government, Automotive, Healthcare, Consumer Electronics among others.
Regional Analysis:
Currently, Europe is dominating the market of touchless sensing market with the market share of due to the factor like hygiene standards. People of countries like UK, Spain, France believes in higher hygiene standards which is driving the market in these countries.
North America is stands as second biggest market in terms of revenue generation where US is leading. Currently, North America holds of market share which has been valued at USD high billion in the year 2015.
Industry News
In June 2016, NXP Semiconductors expanded the NFC portfolio for various applications.
In July, 2014 InvenSense Inc. acquired Movea which is toucless and motion sensing developer.
Americas
North America
US
Canada
Europe
Western Europe
Germany
France
Italy
Spain
K
Rest of Western Europe
Eastern Europe
Asia– Pacific
Asia
China
India
Japan
South Korea
Rest of Asia
Pacific
Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/touchless-sensing-market-1111
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
HOUSTON, April 13 U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson received compensation worth $27.4 million last year when he was chief executive of Exxon Mobil Corp, the world's largest publicly traded oil producer, regulatory filings showed on Thursday.
He and other senior executives got raises even though Exxon's net income fell more than 50 percent in 2016 as the company, like many of its peers, tried to cut costs and weather a period of low oil prices.
The value of Tillerson's compensation package last year rose about 0.5 percent largely due to a 4 percent boost in his salary to $3.2 million and an 8 percent jump in the value of stock awards to $19.7 million, an Exxon filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission showed.
The value of perquisites Tillerson received from Exxon last year, including personal security and a life insurance policy, rose 7 percent to $575,850.
Tillerson, 65, was nominated by then President-elect Donald Trump to be secretary of state in December. Tillerson retired from Exxon at the end of the year. He was confirmed by the U.S. Senate in early February.
As part of an ethics agreement when he assumed his government post, Tillerson forfeited unvested Exxon stock worth $2.8 million and potential for a bonus of $3.9 million. He also waived his right to retiree health benefits.
Tillerson's vested Exxon stock was put into a trust worth about $180 million at the time, the proceeds of which will be paid out over the next decade, much in the same way proceeds are paid out to all Exxon retirees. The trust is prohibited from investing in Exxon.
Tillerson will not be allowed to work anywhere in the oil and gas industry for the next decade. If he does, the entire trust's value would be donated to a charity that neither he nor Exxon chooses, according to the regulatory filings.
Darren Woods, Exxon's CEO as of January, saw his compensation rise 64 percent last year, when he was Exxon's president, to $16.8 million. Woods saw his base salary rise 36 percent to $1 million and the value of stock and stock option awards, his pension and company perquisites, including the cost of a home security system, rise as well. (Reporting by Ernest Scheyder; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
March 29 Sompo Holdings Inc
* Says subsidiary Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc. completed acquisition of Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd. on March 28 , or March 29(Japan time)
* Transaction amount is about $6.3 billion
* Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd. will delist from New York Stock Exchange after the transaction
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/FLFB9N
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
TORONTO Canadian clean technology companies are struggling to stay afloat and falling behind global peers even as Ottawa promises to boost the sector and move the country toward a low carbon future, a report released on Thursday showed.
Analytica Advisors said in its seventh annual report that despite years of publicly funded support for research and development, losses for clean tech companies widened to C$3.56 billion ($2.64 billion) in 2015 from C$3.18 billion in 2014, and shareholder returns limped in below the Canadian average. Figures for 2016 are not yet available.
Those metrics have made it difficult to convince pension funds and other investors to put money into the sector even as Ottawa has made a string of promises designed to boost the green economy.
"In short, Canada's clean-technology industry is awash in red ink" and its companies vulnerable to foreign takeover, the report said adding that Canada's share of the global clean tech export market slipped to 1.4 percent in 2015 versus 1.6 percent in 2008, while Malaysia and China have taken much larger chunks over that period.
Canadian clean tech revenue rose 8 percent to C$13.27 billion in 2015 versus the prior year, but the cost of financing projects has increased, adding to the pressure on companies looking to increase their scale.
One profitable company that nevertheless highlights the dilemma is Northland Power Inc (NPI.TO), which has developed several offshore wind projects in Europe but is seeking a buyer to fund its next stage of growth.
Other publicly listed Canadian renewable energy companies include TransAlta Renewables Inc (RNW.TO) and Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp (AQN.TO).
The federal Liberal government has imposed a national price on carbon and sought to boost the use of renewable energy, promising C$1.8 billion of federal funding over the next three years to support clean technology projects.
Canadian dollar issuance accounted for less than $1 billion of the fast-growing global green bond market which totaled $82 billion last year, an earlier report by RBC Capital Markets showed.
($1 = 1.3473 Canadian dollars)
(Reporting by Alastair Sharp; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
THE injury suffered by Liverpool star Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain in the Champions League semi-final win over Roma is 'probably really bad' according to manager Jurgen Klopp.
The English international was stretchered off before the 20-minute mark of the clash which the Reds eventually won 5-2.
Speaking after the game, Klopp told BT Sport: "Oxlade, it's probably a really bad injury.
"If we can say that already before the scan, that's never good news so that means for us it's a massive blow, of course.
Liverpool's English midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (L) picks up an injury
"We have still a few very important games to go and the squad doesn't get bigger in the moment, so we obviously need to be creative in the next few games."
Oxlade was replaced by Gini Wijnaldum in the match as the Reds strolled to a huge victory at Anfield.
The injury news also comes as a blow to England's World Cup hopes with the midfielder widely expected to have played a big role for the Three Lions in Russia on the back of his massively improved form since joining the Merseysiders from Arsenal.
Its unclear when a full diagnosis on his injury layoff will be confirmed, but his World Cup could well be in danger.
BEIJING, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Thunderstorms lashed Beijing on Saturday, disrupting hundreds of flights at one of the world's largest airports, while authorities warned that rain and wind could cause landslides in the area where a 7.0-magnitude earthquake struck this week.
Beijing city authorities issued a "yellow" weather alert on Saturday morning, warning that lightning, hail, wind and as much as 70 mm of rain would hit the city, potentially causing flash floods in mountainous areas.
Beijing Capital International Airport Co Ltd <0694.HK urged travellers, in a statement on its website, to check for updates on their flights into and out of the city.
Almost 500 flights were listed as cancelled from 9 a.m. until midnight and 182 were delayed at China's busiest airport, the website showed.
Air China Ltd said on its Weibo social media account that some 137 of its flights in and out of the capital had been cancelled as of 11 a.m. (0300 GMT).
Torrential rain storms are fairly frequent in Beijing in the summer months, often causing long delays at the airport.
In a statement, China's National Meteorological Centre cautioned rescue crews working in Jiuzhaigou, in the southwestern province of Sichuan, to be on alert for landslides and lightning.
Heavy rain was expected across south-eastern China on Saturday, it said.
The extreme weather came after a tornado struck Inner Mongolia on Friday, killing five people, injuring more than 50 and destroying homes in a major city. (Reporting by Josephine Mason and Shu Zhang; Editing by Eric Meijer)
A crater is seen at the site of an airstrike, after what rescue workers described as a suspected gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri and United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres (R) attend an international conference on the future of Syria and the region, in Brussels, Belgium, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri greets United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres (R) during an international conference on the future of Syria and the region, in Brussels, Belgium, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres and European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini observe a minute of silence in respect for the victims of suspected Syrian government chemical attack during an international conference on the future of Syria and the region, in Brussels, Belgium, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
Norwegian Foreign Minister Borge Brende, Britain's Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson and officials observe a minute of silence in respect for the victims of suspected Syrian government chemical attack during an international conference on the future of Syria and the region, in Brussels, Belgium, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
UNITED NATIONS The United States, Britain and France on Tuesday proposed a United Nations Security Council resolution to condemn a suspected deadly chemical weapons attack in Syria, which diplomats said would likely be put to a vote on Wednesday.
The three countries blamed Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's forces for the attack, which killed dozens of people. The Syrian military denied responsibility and said it would never use chemical weapons.
U.N. Syria mediator Staffan de Mistura said the "horrific" chemical attack had come from the air.
The draft text, seen by Reuters, says Syria's government must provide an international investigation with flight plans and logs for Tuesday, the names of all helicopter squadron commanders and provide access to air bases where investigators believe attacks using chemicals may have been launched.
It asks U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres to report monthly on whether the Syrian government is cooperating with an international investigation and a fact-finding mission into chemical weapons use in Syria.
The draft resolution "expresses its outrage that individuals continue to be killed and injured by chemical weapons in the Syrian Arab Republic, and expresses its determination that those responsible must be held accountable."
It was not immediately clear how Russia, an ally of Assad, and China would view the move.
In February, Russia, backed by China, cast its seventh veto to protect Assad's government from council action, blocking a bid by Western powers to impose sanctions.
The Security Council is due to be briefed on the suspected toxic gas attack on Wednesday.
An investigation by the United Nations and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, or OPCW, found Syrian government forces were responsible for three chlorine gas attacks in 2014 and 2015 and that Islamic State militants had used mustard gas.Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons in 2013 under a deal brokered by Moscow and Washington.
The Security Council backed that deal with a resolution that said in the event of non-compliance, "including unauthorized transfer of chemical weapons, or any use of chemical weapons by anyone" in Syria, it would impose measures such as sanctions.
The draft resolution proposed on Tuesday recalls that decision.
The Hague-based OPCW set up fact-finding mission in 2014 to determine cases where chemical weapons had been used in Syria.
The U.N. Security Council then established a joint team of U.N. and OPCW investigators in 2015 to assign blame in cases where the fact-finding mission had determined chemical weapons had been used.
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols; Editing by Sandra Maler and Peter Cooney)
April 28 (Gracenote) - Scores from the European Tour China Open at the par-72 course on Friday in Beijing. The cut was set at 143. -14 Pablo Larrazabal (Spain) 64 66 -11 Alexander Levy (France) 63 70 Dylan Frittelli (South Africa) 70 63 -10 Lee Soomin (Korea) 69 65 -8 Thomas Detry (Belgium) 70 66 George Coetzee (South Africa) 67 69 -7 Jaco Van Zyl (South Africa) 68 69 Graeme Storm (Britain) 69 68 Bernd Wiesberger (Austria) 69 68 Yang Yong-Eun (Korea) 69 68 Joost Luiten (Netherlands) 68 69 Bernd Ritthammer (Germany) 70 67 Dean Burmester (South Africa) 67 70 -6 Nicolas Colsaerts (Belgium) 72 66 Fabrizio Zanotti (Paraguay) 71 67 Peter Uihlein (U.S.) 72 66 Thorbjorn Olesen (Denmark) 71 67 Peter Hanson (Sweden) 67 71 Pep Angles (Spain) 70 68 Paul Peterson (U.S.) 69 69 Jorge Campillo (Spain) 68 70 Raphael Jacquelin (France) 67 71 -5 Michael Hendry (New Zealand) 72 67 Michael Lorenzo-Vera (France) 73 66 Wang Jeunghun (Korea) 73 66 Choi Jin-Ho (Korea) 69 70 -4 Matteo Manassero (Italy) 70 70 Moon Kyong-Jun (Korea) 69 71 Mikko Ilonen (Finland) 70 70 Rikard Karlberg (Sweden) 69 71 Johan Carlsson (Sweden) 70 70 Bradley Dredge (Britain) 72 68 Cao Yi (China) 68 72 Chris Wood (Britain) 72 68 Darren Fichardt (South Africa) 69 71 Li Haotong (China) 69 71 David Lipsky (U.S.) 69 71 Felipe Aguilar (Chile) 73 67 -3 Ricardo Gouveia (Portugal) 74 67 Marcel Siem (Germany) 71 70 James Morrison (Britain) 67 74 Justin Walters (South Africa) 71 70 Wu Ashun (China) 71 70 Brandon Stone (South Africa) 70 71 -2 David Howell (Britain) 71 71 Julien Quesne (France) 74 68 Brett Rumford (Australia) 71 71 Cho Rak (Korea) 72 70 Wu Hongfu (China) 72 70 Benjamin Hebert (France) 70 72 Robert Rock (Britain) 72 70 Renato Paratore (Italy) 74 68 -1 Lucas Bjerregaard (Denmark) 71 72 Phachara Khongwatmai (Thailand) 70 73 S.S.P. Chawrasia (India) 71 72 Richie Ramsay (Britain) 71 72 Jason Norris (Australia) 70 73 Sam Walker (Britain) 69 74 Sam Brazel (Australia) 73 70 Chris Paisley (Britain) 73 70 Ignacio Elvira (Spain) 73 70 Romain Wattel (France) 72 71 She Zihan (China) 73 70 Ye Wocheng (China) 74 69 Matthew Southgate (Britain) 71 72 Ross Fisher (Britain) 73 70 Matthew Guyatt (Australia) 72 71 Thongchai Jaidee (Thailand) 72 71 0 DNQ Robert Karlsson (Sweden) 70 74 Gary Stal (France) 73 71 Nick Cullen (Australia) 74 70 Ryan Fox (New Zealand) 70 74 David Drysdale (Britain) 71 73 Fan Shiyu (China) 73 71 Romain Langasque (France) 73 71 Alejandro Canizares (Spain) 71 73 Huang Wenyi (China) 71 73 Tang Rongjian (China) 73 71 Stephen Gallacher (Britain) 71 73 Carlos Pigem (Spain) 74 70 Gregory Bourdy (France) 76 68 Jordan Smith (Britain) 69 75 Su Dong (China) 71 73 Lee Slattery (Britain) 75 69 1 DNQ Jeev Milkha Singh (India) 73 72 Kim Yeongsu (Korea) 74 71 Haydn Porteous (South Africa) 74 71 Richard Bland (Britain) 74 71 Magnus Carlsson (Sweden) 74 71 Janne Kaske (Finland) 71 74 Adrian Otaegui (Spain) 70 75 Nirun Sae-Ueng (Thailand) 75 70 Gaganjeet Bhullar (India) 74 71 David McKenzie (Australia) 73 72 Alexander Knappe (Germany) 72 73 Namchok Tantipokhakul (Thailand) 74 71 Xiao Bowen (China) 75 70 Maximilian Kieffer (Germany) 69 76 2 DNQ Scott Hend (Australia) 76 70 Michael Sim (Australia) 75 71 Jin Daxing (China) 74 72 Anthony Wall (Britain) 71 75 Thomas Bjorn (Denmark) 74 72 3 DNQ Andrew Dodt (Australia) 72 75 Liu Yanwei (China) 70 77 Mikko Korhonen (Finland) 74 73 Jason Scrivener (Australia) 75 72 Wang Dongyu (China) 76 71 Li Xinyang (China) 77 70 Kim Bio (Korea) 76 71 Kim Seung-Hyuk (Korea) 76 71 Kiradech Aphibarnrat (Thailand) 73 74 Alexander Bjoerk (Sweden) 73 74 4 DNQ Edoardo Molinari (Italy) 74 74 Kim Giwhan (Korea) 77 71 He Shaocai (China) 78 70 Steven Jeffress (Australia) 76 72 Ye Jianfeng (China) 77 71 Chen Zihao (China) 71 77 Wang Ziting (China) 74 74 5 DNQ Nino Bertasio (Italy) 75 74 Joakim Lagergren (Sweden) 75 74 6 DNQ Yuan Hao (China) 73 77 Mark Baldwin (U.S.) 77 73 Ryan Dillon (U.S.) 77 73 Gregory Havret (France) 80 70 Zhang Huilin (China) 78 72 Jordan Zunic (Australia) 73 77 7 DNQ He Zeyu (China) 75 76 Lien Lu-Sen (Chinese Taipei) 75 76 Callum Shinkwin (Britain) 71 80 Luo Xuewen (China) 75 76 Yuan Tian (China) 80 71 8 DNQ Zhang Junbin (China) 77 75 Wang Changwei (China) 78 74 9 DNQ Duan Chenxiao (China) 76 77 Masaki Mikura (Japan) 74 79 Blake Snyder (U.S.) 73 80 Ouyang Zheng (China) 78 75 10 DNQ Kim Tae-Hoon (Korea) 79 75 Yang Yinong (China) 78 76 11 DNQ Chen Yilong (China) 78 77 Liang Dingfeng (China) 78 77 Lincoln Tighe (Australia) 76 79 Zhang Jin (China) 79 76 12 DNQ Zhang Lianwei (China) 76 80 14 DNQ Nathan Holman (Australia) 77 81 Wu Weihuang (China) 79 79 Zhuang Zhu (China) 81 77 15 DNQ Zhang Zihong (China) 81 78 16 DNQ Chen Dinggen (China) 79 81 17 DNQ Han Ren (China) 81 80 18 DNQ Chao Haimeng (China) 86 76 WDW Lasse Jensen (Denmark) 76 Lin Yuxin (China) 83 Liu Chun (China)
* STOXX 600 up 0.1 pct
* Gains muted as investors await Brexit details
* Engie tops CAC 40; JPM analyst says 'at inflection point'
* 3I up as Morgan Stanley praises Action value proposition
* Autos stocks drive gains
* EU antitrust regulators block LSE-Deutsche Boerse merger (ADVISORY- Follow European and UK stock markets in real time on the Reuters Live Markets blog on Eikon - see cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets)
By Helen Reid
LONDON, March 29 European shares edged higher on Wednesday as Britain was set to formally trigger divorce proceedings with the European Union it joined in 1973.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index was 0.1 percent higher by 1000 GMT, with modest gains driven by broker upgrades and results.
Markets were muted as investors awaited details on the two parties' negotiating positions ahead of long and complex talks.
"It's like a race: we are firing the starting gun and now we just have to see how it develops," said Stephen Macklow-Smith, head of European equity strategy at JP Morgan Asset Management.
"When you have a market that's more driven by macro than fundamentals it can be tricky, but the playbook is well rehearsed. Everyone has already positioned for this," he said.
Both Britain's FTSE 100 and the more domestically exposed mid caps were flat.
"If the negotiations go well, domestic stocks could do a bit better," said Macklow-Smith, noting their devaluation after investors shifted away from domestic exposure since the Brexit referendum last June.
Separately, merger negotiations between London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Boerse were halted after EU antitrust regulators blocked the proposed deal, as expected, saying the merger's size would have harmed competition.
LSE shares gained 1.8 percent, while Deutsche Boerse was up 0.3 percent.
Autos stocks were the best sectoral gainers, rising 0.5 percent. German carmaker Daimler drove gains after it said it expected record sales for its Mercedes-Benz cars for the first quarter.
Automotive suppliers Faurecia and Valeo benefited from broker upgrades.
Engie rose 2.9 percent to its highest in more than four months, the top French and European gainer, after JP Morgan upgraded its view on the gas and electricity supplier to overweight.
Top-ranked JPM analyst Vincent Ayral said Engie had reached an inflection point, with the dilutive effects of the company's transformation plan more than compensated by restructuring gains, supportive FX, and organic growth.
3I Group gained 3.2 percent after Morgan Stanley raised the private equity group to "overweight", saying the value proposition of Benelux-based discount retailer Action, an important part of 3I's portfolio, is not fully priced in to the shares.
Norsk Hydro led basic resource stocks higher, up 2.7 percent after ratings agency Moody's upgraded its baseline credit assessment of the aluminium producer to Baa2 from Baa3.
German online classified ads firm Scout24 was the worst-performing European stock, down 7.1 percent and set for its worst day in 3 1/2 months after it posted results and a 2017 outlook below consensus.
"There seems to have been a good deal of introspection and reflection at Scout ... 2H16 may not be much better than 1H16, but 2017 will be intriguing," say Jefferies analysts.
Swedish bank SEB was down 5.3 percent after going ex-dividend. (Reporting by Helen Reid; Editing by Kit Rees and Alison Williams)
A view shows the Areva Tower, the headquarters of the French nuclear reactor maker Areva, at La Defense business and financial district in Courbevoie near Paris, France, March 2, 2016. REUTERS/Jacky Naegelen/File Photo
PARIS France's ASN nuclear regulator said that before Areva will be allowed to restart its Creusot Forge foundry, the company will have to show that an improvement plan at the plant has been fully implemented.
Creusot Forge, which makes huge steel components for nuclear plants, was closed last year following the discovery of manufacturing irregularities and the forgery of manufacturing tracking documentation.
Two EDF nuclear reactors have also been shut for months following problems related to Creusot-made parts.
ASN said in a statement on Thursday that Areva's reactor unit Areva NP had informed it of its intention to restart foundry operations for French nuclear installations at Creusot.
The regulator said it had laid out the preconditions for a restart in April 12 letters to Areva NP and EDF (EDF.PA). It said that following the problems last year, Areva had put in place an action plan to guarantee the quality of manufacturing in the future at the plant.
ASN also said that following the restart, it will increase its oversight of Creusot Forge.
(Reporting by Geert De Clercq; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta)
(Adds table, background) BRASILIA, May 3 Industrial output in Brazil shrank at the steepest rate in seven months in March, a bigger-than-expected decline highlighting uncertainty about a long-awaited economic recovery despite a string of interest rate cuts. Industrial production fell 1.8 percent from February , government statistics agency IBGE said on Wednesday. The median forecast of economists in a Reuters poll predicted a decline of 1.0 percent. Industrial output has returned to 2009 levels as the country plunged into its deepest recession ever, driving up unemployment and adding to discontent ahead of next year's wide-open presidential election. Output fell in 15 out of the 24 industrial sectors surveyed by IBGE, including automakers, pharmaceutical companies and oil refineries. Food processing rebounded from a drop in February. The IBGE report contrasts with a purchasing managers' survey showing the industrial sector saw new orders rise in March for the first time in more than two years, followed by expanding activity in April for the first time since 2015. Adding to previous signs of growth, business confidence has climbed to a three-year high, according to a private survey last week, suggesting the worst seemed to be over for manufacturers. Brazil's central bank slashed interest rates from 14.25 percent last year to 11.25 percent last month and is expected to keep cutting to 8.5 percent by December as inflation subsides and the economy's recovery appears fragile. Economists forecast Brazil's industrial output to grow 1.5 percent and gross domestic product to expand 0.5 percent in 2017, according to a weekly central bank survey. Brazil's GDP fell more than 3 percent in each of the past two years. Production in March rose 1.1 percent from a year earlier, short of expectations for an increase of 2.1 percent. (Percent change) m/m y/y Capital goods -2.5 4.5 Intermediate goods -2.5 0.5 Consumer goods -2.7 1.3 Durable consumer goods -8.5 8.5 Semi-durable and -1.8 -0.5 non-durable consumer goods Industrial output -1.8 1.1 (Reporting by Silvio Cascione; Editing by Frances Kerry)
(Adds details of funding and relaunch plan)
MILAN, April 10 Two private equity funds that have agreed to take over loss-making Italian clothing company Stefanel plan to relaunch the brand and sell it within five years, a source at one of the funds said.
Stefanel reached an agreement at the end of March to sell a 75 percent stake to Oxy Capital and Attestor Capital and immediately received 10 million euros ($10.6 mln) in emergency funding from them to avoid bankruptcy.
The new owners seek to reposition the Italian group, aiming at women between the ages of 35 and 50 rather than younger customers, in a segment of the market just above Benetton and Zara, the source at Oxy Capital, who did not wish to be identified, said.
"One of Stefanel's problems was raising its target too much, pushing towards luxury, without doing the same thing on the quality offered, and thus losing customers," the source said.
Oxy and Attestor also aim to cut the number of Stefanel stores and sell more through third-party outlets such as department stores.
The fashion group accumulated over 170 million euros in losses over the past decade as it faced fierce competition from high-street brands like H&M and Zara.
Oxy and Attestor expect to complete the purchase by the summer, after receiving the green light from Italy's market watchdog and a Treviso-based court that handled the bankruptcy case, the source said.
They will appoint a new CEO in the next three to six months but have decided against delisting Stefanel as that was considered too costly.
Stefanel is set to receive another 15 million euros in new funds from creditor banks and from Oxy Capital and Attestor Capital. Giuseppe Stefanel, former owner and chairman, might contribute between 1.25 million and 2.5 million euros of that but it has not yet been decided, the source said.
Stefanel's new business model could entail shifting production from China to Italy, Turkey and Romania, the source said. ($1 = 0.9433 euros) (Reporting by Claudia Cristoferi, writing by Giulia Segreti; Editing by Susan Fenton)
BERLIN, March 30 German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Thursday that negotiations about Britain's exit from the European Union would be tough before getting easier.
"The Brexit negotiations with the United Kingdom that the European Union will lead for us won't be easy - some people know the saying that ... things will get difficult before they get easier again - that applies to these talks," said Gabriel.
He also said he expected Brexit negotiations to start from the end of May and stressed that he wanted Germany to remain friends with Britain.
"We must stay friends ... maybe apart from when we are on the football pitch." (Reporting by Madeline Chambers and Michelle Martin)
FILE PHOTO: Chinese dredging vessels are purportedly seen in the waters around Mischief Reef in the disputed Spratly Islands in the South China Sea in this still image from video taken by a P-8A Poseidon surveillance aircraft provided by the United States Navy May 21, 2015. ...
MANILA The Philippines has ordered an inquiry into reports that "foreign vessels" near China's manmade islands harassed Filipino fishermen in the disputed South China Sea, the military chief said on Thursday.
In an interview with reporters, General Eduardo Ano said the armed forces had received sketchy reports of a group of Filipinos being driven away from Union Bank in the Spratlys, near Gaven Reef, on which China has built an island.
A Philippines television channel had earlier reported the fishermen had been fired upon, but the military, in a statement, described the events as "alleged harassment".
China claims sovereignty over almost the entire South China Sea, through which about $5 trillion worth of goods pass annually. Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam also have claims, and occupy some islets and reefs in the Spratly archipelago.
Philippine authorities are trying to locate the fishermen, believed to have returned to land, who have been encouraged to report to police or coastguard officials.
China's foreign ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment on whether it was aware of the incident or if the foreign ships in question were Chinese.
Reports of altercations between the Philippines and China have been rare since President Rodrigo Duterte took office last year and sought to patch up differences between the two countries and encourage business ties. He frequently heaps praise on China President Xi Jinping.
Duterte has refrained from criticising China's activities in the South China Sea and tends to blame the United States for letting the problem escalate, by failing to stop Beijing from building and arming its artificial islands.
In what appeared to be an olive branch to the Philippines, China's coastguard in October started allowing Filipino fishermen to return and fish at the strategic Scarborough Shoal, which Beijing seized in June 2012. Chinese in the past have fired water cannon at vessels of other countries in the area.
Reuters journalists visited the coral atoll this month and saw a substantially larger Chinese coastguard and fishing presence than usual, although it was allowing Filipinos to fish inside the shoal for the first time since the blockade.
(Reporting by Manuel Mogato; Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in Beijing; Editing by Martin Petty and Clarence Fernandez)
LONDON Lawyers working for Linklaters in Germany will be able to work fewer hours for lower pay from next month, breaking the profession's mould of punishing workloads.
"YourLink", a career path which offers pre-agreed, regular hours, will be on offer to Linklaters lawyers below partner level in Germany from May 1.
Linklaters, one of Britain's leading law firms, says the initiative is born partly from a long and onerous legal qualification period in Germany, which reduces the pool of qualified lawyers, and competition from public service agencies and companies seeking in-house legal advisers.
These roles have long been considered easier than working at law firms, where a work-life balance is seen as hard to achieve.
"We recognise that alternative, flexible options are increasingly in demand," Thomas Schmidt, head of human resources at Linklaters, said.
Recently-qualified lawyers choosing "YourLink" would be paid 80,000 euros ($86,000) in their first year, compared to 120,000 euros for their classic-track colleagues. Promotions and salary increases would be driven by performance and seniority.
Those choosing "YourLink" would still be able to work on top mandates in an international environment and could switch to a classic career track if they wished, Linklaters said.
Almost 65 percent of junior lawyers in England and Wales blamed a high workload for stress at work in a recent survey by the Junior Lawyers Division, an arm of the UK Law Society. The JLD said in February it had flagged the wellbeing of its members as one of its key concerns for 2017.
Linklaters, which is not expecting a huge initial take-up of the initiative, said it believed it was the first major law firm to implement such a career model. It will monitor the plan's success before deciding whether to extend it to other countries.
Other part-time initiatives already in place at Linklaters, which include lawyers taking a "post-deal break", are not affected by the move, the firm's German office said.
(Reporting by Kirstin Ridley; editing by Alexander Smith)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON Young English players are pricing themselves out of career-enhancing moves to European clubs, with damaging knock-on effects for the national team, former England striker Tony Woodcock says.
Assessing the chasm that exists between England and world champions Germany when it comes to results at major tournaments, Woodcock said more young English players should play abroad rather than settle for fat salaries and reserve team football with Premier League clubs.
"I was with the Borussia Dortmund guys last week and they say the problem is that they would probably want to take some young English players who are not getting a kick in the Premier League," Woodcock told Reuters by telephone.
"The problem is they are earning so much in the Premier League that clubs in Europe are not prepared to pay that.
"You are stifling your own career because you want the fancy car and huge salary."
According to the latest edition of the Global Sports Salaries Survey, the average Premier League wage is just over $3.2 million per year, way ahead of the Bundesliga average of around $1.4 million.
Woodcock's comments come after England manager Gareth Southgate called for the English game to shed its "island mentality" if it is to catch up with Germany at club and international level.
But Woodcock, who played for Bundesliga side Cologne after winning the English title and European Cup with Nottingham Forest in the late 70s, said there is a long way to go.
While the likes of Tottenham Hotspur's Dele Alli and Manchester City's John Stones are being lauded as the future of English football, Woodcock said that Germany set the standard when it comes to developing international class players.
"The statistics show Germany are miles ahead," Woodcock, who won 42 England caps and also scored 56 goals for Arsenal in a four-year spell, said. "It's a conveyor belt of talent in Germany and I don't see that happening in England.
"You have young English lads earning far more money than their German counterparts but they are not improving. They should take less go to Europe and show how good they are.
"Youngsters in England earn three or four times more than they would do in Germany. But in Germany they play every week."
"Forest sold Oliver Burke to RB Leipzig and while it was a shame for my old club it will do him good," added Woodcock.
FOREIGN SIGNINGS
With his son-in-law Mike Brown part of the England rugby team that won 18 matches in a row recently -- Woodcock says football could learn from the oval-ball game.
"The RFU is focussed on a strong international team," he said. "(England coach) Eddie Jones has built a situation where there are two or three players pushing each other for one position.
"That's what the English football team needs."
Woodcock said the power of the Premier League does not help England's cause -- with the continued preference for foreign signings meaning only 31 percent of players who started matches in the top flight last season were English -- a record low.
In Germany the figure is around 50 percent.
"The Premier League is hyped as the best in the world, it's good to don't get me wrong, but you have to look at the percentage of foreign players in England and Germany," he said.
"You would think the FA would be looking at the German model and thinking what are they doing?
"The difference is in Germany there is just one body, the DFB. They obviously want a successful international team because when that happens it lifts the whole country."
(Reporting by Martyn Herman; Editing by Toby Davis)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
Former Donegal manager Jim McGuinness believes it is unfair for Dublin to play two games in the All-Ireland Super 8s at Croke Park.
Each team in the quarter-finals is to play a home and away game while also playing one at a neutral venue, under rules agreed at Congress last year.
Dublin are set to play Donegal at Croke Park in their opening game, before playing an away fixture and another at GAA HQ.
Donegal are now looking to meet with GAA officials to question how a county may use a ground as both neutral and a home venue.
Jim McGuinness feels Dublin having two games at Croke Park gives the reigning champions an unfair advantage.
“I don't think it is fair and I think a lot of the problems and a lot of the issues that were raised over the last number of years was because Dublin had an unfair advantage if you like,” said the former Celtic coach.
“We [Donegal] were the last team to beat them in 2014 in the Championship so are we seriously trying to suggest that they're going to get beaten twice in a couple of weeks in Croke Park?
“It's almost inevitable that Dublin will progress from this group if they are given two home games in Croke Park.”
– Digital Desk
Share it:
Don't Miss
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 31 Northern Empire Resources Corp:
* Appointment of Douglas Hurst as chairman of board
* Appointment of Robert Scott as chief financial officer
* Northern Empire Resources - John Robins, co's former chairman will remain active director to support co in advancement of sterling gold project in Nevada Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
TOKYO, March 28 Benchmark Japanese government bonds edged down slightly on Tuesday in the waning days of this fiscal year, taking their cue from a stock market recovery.
The benchmark 10-year JGB yield added 0.5 basis point (bp) to 0.060 percent, while 10-year JGB futures ended down 0.02 point at 150.45.
The Nikkei stock average rebounded from its lowest in more than six weeks, hit in the previous session, to end up 1.1 percent, just before Japan's fiscal year comes to an end on Friday.
Results of Tuesday's auction of the JGBs were largely in line with expectations, which underpinned the superlong zone.
The 20-year JGB yield fell 1 basis point to 0.625 percent, while the 30-year JGB yield fell 1.5 bp to 0.820 percent.
A summary of opinions from the Bank of Japan's March 15-16 policy meeting released earlier this week suggested that at least one policymaker was concerned about potential pitfalls of the central bank's current "yield curve control" policy.
Last month, the BOJ bought substantially more government debt to cap a rise in JGB yields, which suggests the bank could be forced to purchase a large amount of government debt in the future to achieve its yield target, the member said. (Reporting by Tokyo markets team; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
April 3 Bahrain Islamic Bank
* Signs agreement with Flat 6 Labs Bahrain
* Agreement with Flat 6 Labs Bahrain will introduce accelerator programs to attract start-ups in Bahrain Source: (bit.ly/2o1mfJN) Further company coverage:
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks between Vice President Mike Pence (L) and EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt prior to signing an executive order on ''energy independence,'' eliminating Obama-era climate change regulations, during an event at the Environmental Protection... REUTERS/Carlos Barria
WASHINGTON The website of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, EPA.gov, is getting a makeover to reflect the views of President Donald Trump and EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt, the agency said on Friday.
“As EPA renews its commitment to human health and clean air, land and water, our website needs to reflect the views of the leadership of the agency,” it said in a statement.
Trump, a climate change doubter, campaigned on a pledge to boost the U.S. oil and gas drilling and coal mining industries by slashing regulation. He also promised to pull Washington out of a global pact to fight climate change.
The first page to be updated is one that reflects Trump's executive order on energy independence, which calls for a review of the Clean Power Plan put into place by his predecessor, President Barack Obama, the statement said.
"Language associated with the Clean Power Plan, written by the last administration, is out of date," it said. "Similarly, content related to climate and regulation is also being reviewed."
The Clean Power Plan aimed to sharply reduce carbon dioxide emissions from electrical power generation over 25 years, focusing on reductions from coal-burning power plants and increasing the use of renewable energy and energy conservation.
“We want to eliminate confusion by removing outdated language first and making room to discuss how we're protecting the environment and human health by partnering with states and working within the law,” J.P. Freire, associate administrator for public affairs at the agency, said in the statement.
The website changes will comply with agency ethics and legal guidance, including proper archiving, so a snapshot of the Obama administration's website would remain available from the main page, the statement said.
In January, EPA sources told Reuters that administration officials had asked the agency to take down the climate change page on its website, and that EPA staff had pushed back in an effort to convince the administration to preserve it. [L1N1FF00N]
The page includes links to scientific research, emissions data from industrial plants and a multi-agency report that describes trends related to the causes and effects of climate change.
Pruitt led 14 lawsuits against the agency when he was Oklahoma's attorney general. Last month he said he was not convinced that carbon dioxide from human activity is the main driver of climate change, a position widely embraced by scientists.
(This version of the story has been refiled to change Snapshot, not screenshot, in ninth paragraph)
(Reporting by Eric Walsh and Valerie Volcovici; Editing by Bill Trott)
Friday, 06 October 2017
It's now almost certain that cigarettes will be increased in next week's budget. The scale of the price hike is still unclear however.
March 31 >
* Horton Capital Partners Fund says submitted nomination notice which included five candidates for consideration by CPS Technologies board as potential new members
* Horton Capital says all of their candidates for CPS Technologies board were rejected by co without a single discussion with any of them
* Horton Capital says CPS Technologies also indicated its willingness to protect current status of board in event Horton pursued a proxy contest
* Horton Capital says it has revoked its nomination notice for CPS Technologies board Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON, March 30 Prompt British wholesale gas prices edged higher on Thursday morning in a slightly undersupplied system but are likely to come under pressure later in the day, traders said. * British day-ahead gas price up by 0.10 pence to 39.60 pence per therm at 0807 GMT. * Within-day contract up by 0.35 pence to 39.85 p/therm. * System undersupplied by 3 million cubic meters (mcm), with demand forecast at 219.7 mcm and flows at 216.7 mcm/day, National Grid data shows. * Traders said other market fundamentals are bearish and that this could lead prices to drop later in the day, despite the slight oversupply * "The system is short today but wind is strong which has restricted gas demand for power burn. We expect storage and/or LNG (liquefied natural gas) to cover the shortfall," said Wayne Bryan, analyst at consultancy Alfa Energy. * Shell said an offshore outage, cutting output at Britain's Bacton Seal gas terminal, had ended and that flows were ramping up throughout the day. * Britain's Met Offices forecast temperatures could reach as high as 21-22 degrees Celsius in the southeast of the country. * Peak wind power output forecast at 6 gigawatts (GW) for Thursday, edging up to 6.1 GW on Friday, National Grid data showed. * Four LNG tankers are due to arrive in Britain over the next two weeks, adding to supplies. * April gas contract down 0.30 pence to 40.00 p/therm. * Summer 2017 contract down by 0.25 pence to 39.85 p/therm. * Day-ahead gas price at the Dutch TTF hub up by 0.23 euro to 15.23 euros per megawatt hour. * Benchmark Dec-17 EU carbon contract down by 0.05 euro to 4.71 euros per tonne. * Thomson Reuters analyst view: here (Reporting by Susanna Twidale; editing by Nina Chestney)
PARIS Two polls on Friday showed centrist Emmanuel Macron winning the French presidential runoff with less than 60 percent of votes, as the far-right candidate Marine Le Pen slightly gained ground since the start of the week.
A BVA poll for Orange and Presse Regionale, carried out online on April 26-28, saw Macron on 59 percent versus 41 percent for Le Pen.
With turnout expected to be key to how well Le Pen does, the survey also showed that 73 to 78 of those polled expected to vote on May 7.
Separately, an Odoxa survey of voter intentions released on Friday showed Macron's share of the vote at 59 percent, down four percentage points from its previous survey.
Macron slipped below 60 percent for the first time since March 17 in a daily Presitrack poll produced by pollsters Opinionway and published on Thursday.
(Reporting Maya Nikolaeva; Editing by Leigh Thomas)
April 5 Commercial Bank:
* Apporves to establish mid-term international bonds programme of upto $2 billion to be issued in us markets
* OGM approves capital increase to 4.05 billion riyals from 3.85 billion riyals through bonus share issue Source:(bit.ly/2oYmHp2) Further company coverage:
Acacia Mining says Tanzania output hit but annual targets unchanged
LONDON, June 15 Acacia Mining's production of gold from Tanzania has been hit by an export ban but targets for the year remain unchanged at this stage, Chief Executive Brad Gordon said on Thursday.
BRUSSELS European Union leaders at a Brexit summit on Saturday should give a formal undertaking to embrace the British province of Northern Ireland in the EU if a referendum unites the island, diplomats said on Friday.
Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny has previously asked fellow members of the bloc to acknowledge that Northern Ireland would, like East Germany in 1990, automatically enter the EU in the event of unification with the existing member state, the Irish Republic.
Kenny will ask the other 26 leaders meeting in Brussels to endorse a negotiating plan for Britain's withdrawal to give a political endorsement to what Irish and EU legal experts say is the position in international law of such territorial changes.
READ MORE: Gibraltar chief warns Britain against disappointing 'the Rock'
"It would merely state the obvious, i.e. that also a united Ireland would continue being a member of the EU," a source close to preparations for the European Council said.
"The EU does of course not take a stance on the possibility of a united Ireland. Should this question arise, it would be for the peoples of Ireland and Northern Ireland to decide in accordance with the Good Friday Agreement."
READ MORE: London banks set to decide within weeks on Brexit moves
The 1998 peace accord, backed by the British and Irish states, says referendums should be held on both sides of the border to approve unification of the island. The current British government has acknowledged that Northern Ireland, if it united with the Republic, should be in a position to rejoin the EU.
The leaders, meeting without British Prime Minister Theresa May, would enter their agreement with Kenny's position in the formal minutes of the Council. These are normally published only after a subsequent meeting, though they are likely in this case to be made public immediately by those taking part in the summit.
(Reporting by Alastair Macdonald; Editing by Gareth Jones)
CAIRO, Aug 13 (Reuters) - An Egyptian prosecutor has ordered the detention of the train drivers and their assistants involved in the fatal collision in Alexandria on Friday, state news agency MENA said.
At least 41 people were killed and 133 injured, the health ministry said, when two trains collided in the coastal city on Friday, the latest in a string of crashes have inflamed public anger over an antiquated transport network.
Egyptians have long complained that successive governments failed to enforce basic safeguards for railways.
A witness said the trains rose into the air "forming a pyramid" as they slammed into each other just outside a suburban station in the Mediterranean port city.
The prosecutor ordered two train drivers and two assistants be held for 15 days and released several other railway employees, MENA said. Blood and urine samples were taken from one driver to check for drug use.
President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has ordered an inquiry into the crash. (Reporting by Ahmed Tolba; Writing by Arwa Gaballa; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
In a sport that takes the road less travelled, BJ Baldwin knows his way to the winner's circle better than anyone.
A two-time Baja 1000 winner, the most extreme off road test of man-and-car this side of the Paris Dakar Rally (which he has also challenged), Baldwin's motor racing life is one of dust, dirt and danger.
Baldwin is the 'King of the Desert' and rules over a strange motorsport world of off-road racing that at first glance appears to have inspired the "Mad Max" movie franchise.
A towering, tattooed and bearded mountain of a man, Baldwin certainly is not cast from the classic driver's mold.
While Formula One, IndyCar and NASCAR starting grids are populated with smallish, lean drivers who away from the track are runners, cyclists and triathletes, Baldwin gives off the aura of a professional wrestler.
This is hard man's racing, where drivers and trucks -- sturdy beasts that produce 1800 horsepower -- can take a dawn-to-dusk pounding.
"Trophy trucks by nature have to be extremely strong,” Baldwin told Reuters. "You are putting it in the worst environment possible and driving it as fast as you can.
"A special forces buddy of mine had a great analogy describing it as kind of like 50-mile long helicopter crash."
Desert racing is not uniquely American but the United States is its spiritual home with the first organised races staged in the southern California scrublands in the 1920s.
Americans love their pickup trucks and factory-backed teams such as Toyota and Ford attract big-name sponsors like Red Bull and Monster Energy Drink but share the pits with Volkswagen Beetles built in backyard garages supported by strip clubs, saloons and gun shops.
The Daytona 500 bills itself as 'The Great American Race,' the Indianapolis 500 claims the title as 'The Greatest Spectacle in Racing' and keeping with that understated tone the Mint 400 promotes itself as 'The Great American Off-Road Race.'
Run in the desert around Las Vegas in March, the Mint this year featured over 300 drivers spread across 25 classes with Trophy Trucks getting star billing.
Even at the top end desert racing is an affordable form of motor sport with Trophy Trucks coming in at around $350,000, or about one-third of what an F1 team spends on tyres in a season.
Robin Leach of "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous" fame served as grand marshal for the Mint but even with a bit of pizzazz from the "champagne wishes and caviar dreams" pitchman this remains a blue collar, beer and burgers sport despite the presence of celebrities sprinkled through the start list.
The Mint has long held a fascination for celebrity gear heads, with movie stars such as the late James Garner and Steve McQueen tackling the desert.
This year, comedian Jay Leno finished his late night act at The Mirage and was in the pits a few hours later for his early-morning start.
"No one is getting rich from this sport. People do it for fun," said Leno.
For some like Baldwin, however, it is job and a dangerous one, even by motor racing standards.
In most motor sports if there is an accident doctors and rescue teams are there in minutes if not seconds.
In desert racing it can be hours.
"We accept that risk," said Baldwin. "I compete in a sport where if something happens you might not get medical attention for several hours.
"But you could have a stroke on the couch watching TV or go live your life and take some calculated risks."
Over two decades of racing Baldwin has developed a hard-charging reputation and the well-deserved nickname "Ballistic."
He has won nearly everything there is to win in the sport including three SCORE international championships (a four-race series that includes the gruelling Baja 1000).
That success, along with an edgy charismatic cockiness, attracted the attention of Toyota when the automaker decided to get back into desert racing last year.
"Our programme we have more of an audience than say other competitors," said Baldwin. "The next most popular guy than me has probably 10 times less of an audience than I do.
"Everything I've wanted to win I have won so I've
reached all my goals.
"Now I'm just trying to continue to do what I love so much as long as I possibly can."
(Reporting by Steve Keating; Editing by Frank Pingue)
MOSCOW Russian auto sales grew 9.4 percent in March compared to the same period last year, the Association of European Businesses (AEB) lobby group said on Monday.
The market rose 1 percent in the first quarter, year-on-year, AEB also said.
"It is good news for our market, which has not seen positive quarter results for more than 4 years," said Joerg Schreiber, chairman of the AEB Automobile Manufacturers Committee.
(Reporting by Gleb Stolyarov; writing by Maria Tsvetkova; editing by Vladimir Soldatkin)
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson enter a hall during their meeting in Moscow, Russia, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
MOSCOW Russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said at a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Moscow on Wednesday that it was important not to allow a repeat of U.S. strikes in Syria.
Lavrov said the strikes carried out by the United States on a Syrian airbase last week were unlawful.
He added that he expected to hold frank and honest discussions with Tillerson on forming a broad anti-terrorism coalition.
(Reporting by Yeganeh Torbati and Vladimir Soldatkin; Writing by Denis Pinchuk; Editing by Alexander Winning)
April 5Delta Bank AO:
* Says that on April 3 Standard & Poor's (S&P) Global Ratings affirmed its 'D/D' long-and short-term issuer credit ratings on Delta Bank
* At the same time S&P affirmed the 'D' Kazakhstan national-scale rating on the bank
* S&P says the affirmation of the ratings reflects Delta Bank's failure to repay some term deposits that were due in February and March 2017
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 3 Kiwi Property Group Ltd :
* Kiwi Property portfolio value increases to $3 billion
* Reported net increase of about $38 million in value of its portfolio of shopping centres and office buildings for year ended 31 MARCH 2017
* Kiwi Property portfolio value increases to $3 billion for year ended 31 March 2017
* All figures in NZ$ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Tele2:
* NET SALES FOR Q4 AMOUNTED TO SEK 6,642 (6,340) MILLION AND EBITDA AMOUNTED TO SEK 1,527 (1,461) MILLION​
* SAYS ‍FULL YEAR GUIDANCE EXCEEDED ON BOTH EBITDA AND OPERATING CASH FLOW​
* SAYS ‍FULL YEAR FREE CASH FLOW FROM TOTAL OPERATIONS OF SEK 2.5 BILLION, FULLY COVERING DIVIDEND PROPOSED BY BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF SEK 4.00 PER SHARE FOR FINANCIAL YEAR 2017​
* TELE2 SEES 2018 MOBILE END-USER SERVICE REVENUE GROWTH OF MID-SINGLE DIGITS‍​
* SAYS ‍EBITDA GROWTH OF 7 PERCENT IN SWEDEN AND BALTICS TOGETHER, LIKE-FOR-LIKE​
* TELE2 SEES 2018 EBITDA BETWEEN SEK 6.5 AND 6.8 BILLION
* TELE2 SEES 2018 CAPEX BETWEEN SEK 2.1 AND 2.4 BILLION (EXCLUDING SPECTRUM INVESTMENTS)
* REUTERS POLL: TELE2 Q4 EBITDA WAS SEEN AT SEK 1,516 MILLION, SALES AT 6,461 MILLION
* SAYS INTEGRATION OF TDC IS PROGRESSING WELL AND WE ARE APPROACHING OUR TARGET RUN-RATE BENEFITS OF AROUND SEK 300 MILLION, ORIGINALLY OUR FOUR-YEAR TARGET, ONLY ONE YEAR AFTER THE ACQUISITION
* IN 2018 WE WILL THEREFORE LOOK FOR FURTHER OPPORTUNITIES BEYOND OUR EARLIER TARGET LEVEL, AND WE BELIEVE THIS IS ACHIEVABLE WITH A LOWER INTEGRATION COST THAN THE SEK 750 MILLION PREVIOUSLY COMMUNICATED Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Stockholm Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
U.S. lawmaker Scalise in critical condition after attack by gunman at baseball field
ALEXANDRIA, Va. Congressman Steve Scalise, the No. 3 Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives, was in critical condition on Wednesday night after he and three others were shot as they practiced for a charity baseball game.
Aug 13 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Mexican championship First Stage matches on Sunday Sunday, August 13 UNAM 2 Lobos BUAP 0 Saturday, August 12 Cruz Azul 0 Toluca 0 Monterrey 4 Guadalajara 1 Necaxa 0 Club Leon 3 Pachuca 2 Tigres 1 Queretaro 2 Monarcas Morelia 1 Friday, August 11 Atlas 0 America 1 Puebla 1 Club Tijuana 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Monterrey 4 3 1 0 8 1 10 2 America 4 3 0 1 5 2 9 3 Toluca 4 2 2 0 6 3 8 4 Lobos BUAP 4 2 1 1 9 6 7 5 Necaxa 4 2 1 1 5 5 7 6 Queretaro 4 2 1 1 4 6 7 7 Atlas 4 2 0 2 7 5 6 8 Cruz Azul 4 1 3 0 5 3 6 ------------------------- 9 UNAM 4 2 0 2 5 4 6 10 Tigres 4 1 2 1 8 4 5 11 Club Leon 4 1 1 2 6 8 4 12 Santos Laguna 3 0 3 0 4 4 3 13 Monarcas Morelia 4 0 3 1 3 4 3 14 Veracruz 3 1 0 2 2 3 3 15 Guadalajara 4 0 3 1 4 7 3 15 Pachuca 4 1 0 3 4 7 3 17 Puebla 4 0 2 2 2 9 2 18 Club Tijuana 4 0 1 3 1 7 1 1-8: Championship play-off Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, August 13 Santos Laguna v Veracruz (2330)
FRANKFURT German pump maker Busch is seeking to install a family member in the supervisory board of takeover target Pfeiffer Vacuum (PV.DE) at short notice and is striving for the chairmanship, it said in the official offer document published on Wednesday.
Busch reiterated its improved offer of 110 euros per Pfeiffer Vacuum (PV.DE) share plus a dividend of 3.60 euros a share. It described its intentions as "friendly".
Last week, Busch had promised to hold off changes to rival Pfeiffer Vacuum's strategy and to safeguard jobs as it seeks to drum up support for its latest takeover offer.
(Reporting by Arno Schuetze; Editing by Georgina Prodhan)
May 3 Berjaya Assets Bhd-
* Unit acquired 6.65 million ordinary shares representing 0.60% equity interest in 7-Eleven Malaysia Holdings Berhad
* Deal for total cash consideration of approximately 10.74 million RGT or at an average price of RM1.61 per SEM share
* Following the acquisitions, the BAssets group now holds about 2.22% equity interest in SEM
* Acquisitions are not expected to have any material impact on the net assets, earnings of group for current fy ending 30 june 2017 Source text (bit.ly/2p4LaJ5) Further company coverage:
BRIEF-China Science Publishing & Media says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.033 yuan per share(before tax) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
DUBAI, April 5 Saudi Arabia has chosen a hybrid structure for its debut international sukuk, the prospectus for the offer showed, a format widely used in the Saudi local debt market, but not the most popular for sovereign issues.
An amount equal to 51 percent of the bond proceeds will be used in a mudaraba agreement, a form of Islamic investment management partnership, while the remaining 49 percent of the proceeds will be used under a murabaha facility by the trustee, a Cayman Islands-incorporated company called KSA Sukuk Limited, to purchase sharia-compliant commodities, the prospectus says.
The kingdom's Islamic bond, expected to go up to $10 billion, will be its second international debt sale after it issued in October last year a $17.5 billion conventional bond, the largest bond ever sold across emerging markets. (Reporting by Davide Barbuscia; editing by Saeed Azhar)
WASHINGTON, April 5 The Treasury Department said on Wednesday it would conduct a live small-value contingency auction operation on April 7 as part of its efforts to regularly test its contingency auction infrastructure.
Treasury said the operation will be a cash management bill auction.
Bids need to be submitted by telephone to the Treasury's fiscal agent at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. Only primary dealers may submit bids.
Each primary dealer can submit up to five competitive bids, each at a separate discount rate.
Customer and noncompetitive bids will not be accepted.
Further details of the auction can be found at the following URL:
here (Reporting by Andrea Ricci; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Pigs are seen at a Smithfield Foods, the world's largest pork producer farm in the United States in this image released on April 11, 2017. Courtesy Smithfield Foods/Handout via REUTERS
Pigs are seen at a Smithfield Foods, the world's largest pork producer, farm in the United States in this image released on April 11, 2017. Courtesy Smithfield Foods/Handout via REUTERS
CHICAGO Smithfield Foods, the world's largest pork producer, has established a separate bioscience unit to expand its role in supplying pig parts for medical uses, with the ultimate goal of selling pig organs for transplantation into humans.
Routine pig-human organ transplants are years away, but recent scientific advances are breaking down barriers that frustrated prior attempts to use pigs as a ready supply of replacement parts for sick or injured people, making it an attractive new market.
"Our bread and butter has always been the bacon, sausage, fresh pork - very much a food-focused operation," Courtney Stanton, vice president of Smithfield's new bioscience unit, told Reuters in an exclusive interview.
“We want to signal to the medical device and science communities that this is an area we're focused on - that we're not strictly packers," she said.
Smithfield, the $14 billion subsidiary of China's WH Group (0288.HK), in its first move has joined a public-private tissue engineering consortium funded by an $80 million grant from the U.S. Department of Defense. Smithfield is the only pork producer, joining health-care companies including Abbott Laboratories (ABT.N), Medtronic (MDT.N) and United Therapeutics Corp (UTHR.O).
Transplants are used for people diagnosed with organ failure and who have no other treatment options. Transplants from animals could help close a critical gap to help those in need. The United Network for Organ Sharing estimates that, on average, 22 people die each day while waiting for a transplant.
Smithfield already harvests materials for medical use from the 16 million hogs it slaughters each year. The company owns more than 51 percent of its farms and hopes to sell directly to researchers and health-care companies, which now typically buy from third parties.
Stanton said the U.S. market for pork byproducts used for medical, pet food and non-food purposes stands at more than $100 billion, and that excludes any potential market for animal-to-human transplants, known as xenotransplants.
Smithfield has deals in the works to supply pig organs to two entities, though Stanton would not disclose the names.
"It's just a huge potential space, and to be at the leading edge and focused on building those relationships is critical,” she said.
HOG HEARTS
Pigs have long been a tantalizing source of transplants because their organs are so similar to humans. A hog heart at the time of slaughter, for example, is about the size of an adult human heart.
Other organs from pigs being researched for transplantation into humans include kidney, liver and lungs.
Prior efforts at pig-to-human transplants have failed because of genetic differences that caused organ rejection or viruses that posed an infection risk. Swiss drugmaker Novartis AG (NOVN.S) folded its $1 billion xenotransplantation effort in 2001 because of safety concerns about pig viruses that could be passed to humans.
George Church, a Harvard Medical School genetics professor and researcher, tackled that problem two years ago, using a new gene-editing tool known as CRISPR to trim away potentially harmful virus genes that have impeded the use of pig organs for transplants in humans.
Church has since formed a company named eGenesis Bio to develop humanized pigs that do not provoke a rejection response or transfer viruses to people. The company last month raised $38 million in venture funding.
Eventually, Church said, the process could enable researchers to harvest a dozen different organs and tissues from a single pig.
Church estimates the first transplants involving humanized pig organs could occur in a clinical trial later this year, but these would only be used on people too sick to receive human organs.
Genome pioneer Craig J. Venter's Synthetic Genomics Inc has been working for two years with United Therapeutics on editing the pig genome and mixing in human cells to overcome the complex issues involved in immune rejection. "It's not like changing a couple genes and you've got it solved," Venter said.
Stanton would not rule out breeding genetically modified animals, but said Smithfield's first ventures will likely involve whole pig organs that go through decellularization - a process in which existing cells are washed away and replaced with human cells.
Miromatrix Medical Inc, of Eden Prairie, Minnesota, for example, is using whole pig livers to make a surgical mesh used in hernia repair and breast reconstruction, and it is working toward developing replacement livers, hearts and kidneys.
Church welcomes the involvement of a big pork producer. "Even though we've got companies like eGenesis that would make the first pigs, you still need someone who will breed them and do it to scale," he said.
(Reporting by Julie Steenhuysen and Michael Hirtzer; Editing by Leslie Adler)
* Optimism on solid growth data counters Draghi's caution
* Spanish economy beats forecasts, Austria, France also grow
* Effect on euro zone inflation key, data due at 0900 GMT
* French-German yield spread steady, Le Pen risk remains low
* Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr
By Abhinav Ramnarayan
LONDON, April 28 Euro zone bond yields rose across the board and the euro strengthened on Friday as economic output data from several countries reaffirmed economic strength in the bloc and furthered the case for tighter monetary policy.
European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi struck a cautious note on Thursday, sending yields lower, but numbers out on Friday strengthened the belief that the current ultra-loose policy stance can't last.
Spanish, Austrian and French gross domestic product numbers for the first quarter of the year all pointed towards improving economic prospects in the single currency bloc.
What this means for inflation is key. Euro zone inflation numbers for the month of April are due out at 0900 GMT.
Expectations are for consumer prices to increase 1.8 percent year-on-year, not far from the European Central Bank target of just below 2 percent.
"It is very interesting to see what growth means for inflation, particularly for core inflation which has been quite stable recently," said DZ Bank strategist Daniel Lenz.
Inflation excluding energy and unprocessed food - known in the market as core inflation - has been between 0.7-0.9 percent over the last six months.
"In spring, you have talks between employers and unions in many euro zone countries and if we have pay rises after years of stagnation in salaries, there could be a sharp upward move (in core inflation)," he added.
The Spanish economic output numbers released Friday were particular eye-catching. The economy expanded by 0.8 percent quarter-on-quarter and 3 percent year-on-year in the January-to- March period, outpacing expectations.
Austria and France also saw their economies expand over the same period, even if the latter figure was slower than expected.
The corresponding figure for Belgium is due out at 1300 GMT, with a Reuters poll suggesting growth of 0.4 percent over the preceding quarter.
Euro zone bond yields rose 1-2 basis points across the board. The yield on 10-year German debt, the benchmark for the region, was up 2 basis points to 0.32 percent.
The single currency also strengthened, rising 0.1 percent against the dollar to $1.0885.
On Thursday, euro zone government bond yields tumbled and the euro hit session lows after European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi said policymakers did not discuss removing the bank's easing bias on monetary policy at Thursday's meeting.
Political concerns have largely kept high-grade euro zone bond yields in check, particularly ongoing French presidential elections and threat of a victory for anti-euro far-right leader Marine Le Pen.
But with centrist Emmanuel Macron taking the lead in Sunday's first round, that possibility has largely decreased, allowing the market to focus on monetary policy rather than politics.
A poll on Thursday had Macron winning the second round on May 7 by 60.5 percent to 39.5 percent.
The gap between France and Germany's 10-year borrowing costs - a key measure of French political risk - was steady at 46 bps on Friday, off Monday's lows but well below last Friday's close of 62.5 bps.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
FILE PHOTO: Oct 29, 2015; Washington, USA; ANOC president Sheikh Ahmad Al-Fahad Al-Ahmed Al-Sabah of Kuwait speaks during the 2015 ANOC Awards at DAR Constitution Hall. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Sheikh Ahmad Al-Fahad Al-Ahmed Al-Sabah, the FIFA Council member who also runs the Olympic Council of Asia (OCA), said on Sunday he was resigning all his posts in football after being drawn into the latest bribery scandal to hit the game's governing body.
The Kuwaiti issued a statement on Saturday "strongly" denying any wrongdoing. His comments came after U.S. Court documents made reference to a Kuwaiti OCA official as being involved in the bribery case of FIFA's audit and compliance committee member, Richard Lai.
Lai, also president of the Guam Football Association (GFA), pleaded guilty on Thursday to wire fraud conspiracy charges before U.S. District Judge Pamela Chen in Brooklyn, according to U.S. prosecutors, who said he had taken close to $1 million in bribes.
"With regards to alleged illegal payments to Richard Lai, I can only refer to my previous statement and vigorously deny any wrongdoing," Sheikh Ahmad said in a statement released by the OCA on Sunday.
"I intend to work with all relevant authorities to disprove these for me totally surprising allegations.
"However, I do not want these allegations to create divisions or distract attention from the upcoming AFC and FIFA Congresses.
"Therefore, after careful consideration, I have decided it is in the best interests of FIFA and the AFC (Asian Football Confederation), for me to withdraw my candidacy for the FIFA Council and resign from my current football positions."
The FIFA Council replaced the largely discredited Executive Committee as FIFA's decision-making body under reforms instituted in the wake of the 2015 corruption scandal.
The AFC will elect four members, one a woman, to the FIFA Council at a congress in Bahrain in May.
FIFA president Gianni Infantino thanked Sheikh Ahmad for standing down from the body.
"I have taken note of the decision of Sheikh Ahmad Al-Fahad Al Sabah. I want to thank him for taking this decision which certainly was not easy to take but is in the best interest for FIFA," Infantino said in a statement.
Sheikh Ahmad served on FIFA's Reform Committee as well as the FIFA Council but he is primarily known as a key powerbroker in the Olympic movement.
As well as heading the OCA, he is president of the Association of National Olympic Committees (ANOC) and a member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
According to a statement from the Eastern District of New York of the U.S. Attorney's office, Lai, who is also a U.S national, pleaded guilty to receiving bribes from what the statement called "a faction of soccer officials in the AFC region."
Lai helped "officials in that faction identify other officials in the AFC to whom they should offer bribes. The goal of this scheme was for the faction to gain control of the AFC and influence FIFA," said the statement.
Court documents list four un-named co-conspirators in the case.
(Reporting by Nick Mulvenney and Simon Evans, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
NORTHWEST MIAMI-DADE, FLA. (WSVN) - The parents of a toddler found wandering the streets of a Northwest Miami-Dade neighborhood will not face any charges.
The young girl was found by herself near the Parkview gated community along Northwest 59th Avenue Tuesday evening. After about five hours spent in the custody of police and members of the community, the young girl was reunited with her parents.
Police said ultimately, it was a miscommunication which led to the girl being by herself.
“We believe that it was confusion between the mom and dad, both of whom were working, and the babysitter,” said Miami-Dade Police detective Lee Cowart.
According to investigators, the mother left for work and left her daughter in the care of a 15-year-old family member. However, there was a misunderstanding, and the teen thought the toddler was with her mother.
Neighbors said the parents later found out what happened when they saw their daughter's picture on the news hours later and rushed home immediately.
“When we reunited the dad with the toddler, she opened her arms and said, ‘Papi,'” Cowart said.
A spokeswoman from the Department of Children and Families released a statement in regards to the family, which read in part:
“We appreciate everyone's assistance in locating this family so that the child could be safely recovered. The Department opened a Child Protective Investigation upon learning of this incident. The family is not known to the Florida Child Welfare System.”
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LONDON British consumer morale steadied in March but households remain downbeat about the outlook for the economy as the process of leaving the European Union gets underway, a survey showed on Friday.
GfK's monthly consumer sentiment index was unchanged at -6 in March, marginally better than the median forecast of -7 in a Reuters poll of economists.
The outlook for consumer spending is critical for Britain's economy ahead of the divorce with the EU. Consumers kept up their spending in 2016 after June's Brexit referendum shock but there have been signs that they are turning more wary.
"Consumers remain cagey about the state of their personal finances and the general economic picture for the UK, especially as wage growth fails to keep pace with the rising costs of living," Joe Staton, head of market dynamics at GfK, said.
The survey's gauges of economic expectations, personal finances and spending were largely unchanged from February, which may reassure policymakers that signs of a slowdown in consumer spending are not intensifying.
Official data last week showed annual pay growth, adjusted for consumer price inflation, fell to 0.7 percent in the three months to January, its lowest since October 2014.
Weak pay growth has helped to convince most Bank of England policymakers to keep borrowing costs at their record low, despite the pick-up in headline inflation.
But last week one BoE's policymaker voted to raise record-low borrowing costs because of growing inflation pressures and the economy's resilient response so far to Britain's decision last June to leave the European Union.
Other policymakers said they could soon follow suit, depending on inflation and growth data.
BoE data on Wednesday showed consumer lending in the three months to February rose at the weakest rate since July 2015 as annualised growth slowed sharply.
((Reporting by Andy Bruce; editing by William Schomberg); ((andy.bruce@thomsonreuters.com; +442075423484; Reuters Messaging: andy.bruce.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net)))
COLOMBO, March 31 The Sri Lankan rupee traded stronger on Friday helped by inward remittances and selling of the greenback by exporters ahead of the festival season, dealers said.
Rupee forwards were active, with two-week forwards trading at 152.35/55 per dollar at 0615 GMT compared to Thursday's close of 152.55/65.
"There are a lot of conversions by exporters ... may be to pay the salaries and bonuses. The (inward) remittance flow is also high," said a currency dealer who did not wish to be named.
The rupee has been under pressure due to dollar demand to meet increased seasonal imports ahead of the traditional new year that is celebrated on April 13-14, dealers said.
The central bank on Monday raised the spot rupee reference rate by 10 cents to 151.70. It had raised the reference rate by 25 cents on March 20.
The central bank raised interest rates for the first time in eight months on March 24, saying tighter policy was a precaution against a build-up of inflationary pressures.
Analysts said the rate hike, a move that was also aimed at easing pressure on the rupee, could help stabilise the domestic currency that has been hurt by rising imports and outflows due to rupee bond sales by foreign investors.
Foreign investors net bought government securities worth 70 million rupees ($461,285) in the week ended March 22, but they have net sold 63.2 billion rupees of such instruments so far this year.
Sri Lankan shares were up 0.4 percent at 6,064.61 as of 0617 GMT. Turnover stood at 1.07 billion rupees ($7.05 million). ($1 = 151.7000 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Vyas Mohan)
Mariela Castro, a lawmaker and director of the Cuban National Centre for Sex Education (CENESEX), National Assembly member and daughter of Cuba's President Raul Castro, speaks during a news conference in Havana, Cuba, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
Mariela Castro, a lawmaker and director of the Cuban National Centre for Sex Education (CENESEX), National Assembly member and daughter of Cuba's President Raul Castro (L), speaks to actor Daniela Vega, from Chile, during a news conference in Havana, Cuba, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
Mariela Castro, a lawmaker and director of the Cuban National Centre for Sex Education (CENESEX), National Assembly member and daughter of Cuba's President Raul Castro, speaks during a news conference in Havana, Cuba, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
HAVANA With Cuban President Raul Castro set to step down next year, his daughter Mariela Castro said on Wednesday she would never want to be a contender for the presidency, but that there was room for surprises in the succession process.
Raul, 85, who took the reins from his older brother, the late revolutionary leader Fidel Castro, has said he will step down in February 2018 at the end of a second five-year term.
His heir apparent is Cuba's First Vice President Miguel Diaz-Canel, 57, and experts say the latter would have to stumble badly for someone else to leapfrog him in Cuba's arcane system for choosing its leader.
Still, speculation there could be other candidates is rife on the Communist-ruled island.
Mariela Castro, 54, a lawmaker and director of the Cuban National Center for Sex Education (CENESEX), was evasive when asked about the issue at a CENESEX news conference.
"The men and women of the people of Cuba are candidates," she told reporters. "I don't say: 'We are,' because I will never let myself be nominated for such a big task."
"Sometimes, you orientate yourself one way and then suddenly, you look over there, and you say: 'How interesting is this person whom I hadn't checked out before,'" she said. "There are always surprises."
Names that have been bandied around as possible alternatives to Diaz-Canel are Alejandro Castro Espin, another child of the current president and one of his closest aides, and foreign minister Bruno Rodriguez.
Castro Espin played a key role in the secret negotiations leading up to the rapprochement between Cuba and the United States, although he ruled out succeeding his father in a 2015 interview.
Rodriguez meanwhile has a high public profile as Cuba's top diplomat, most recently touring Europe.
Still, Cuba experts say Diaz-Canel has clearly been groomed for the job and the government would unlikely want to risk political stability by appointing someone with less legitimacy.
"Perhaps she wanted to inject an element of excitement into what otherwise appears to be a pre-determined top-down bureaucratic selection," said Richard Feinberg, author of "Open for Business: Building the New Cuban Economy".
Surprises were always possible, he added, but he doubted the rumours of another Castro.
"That would be a grave mistake by the Cuban Communist Party leadership, as it would make Cuba appear to be a family dynasty, rather than an institutionalized polity," he said.
(Additional reporting by Nelson Acosta; Editing by G Crosse and Andrew Hay)
American International Group Inc's (AIG.N) board of directors is "actively engaged in the process of identifying the right individual to serve" as the insurance company's chief executive, its chairman wrote in a letter to shareholders on Monday.
AIG's board and management "believe strongly that we are on the right strategic path" and expect to "gain the benefit" of actions the insurer took in 2016 with a "significantly improved risk profile and more efficient cost base," wrote Douglas Steenland, AIG's non-executive chairman of the board, in a letter that accompanied the insurer's 2016 annual report.
(Reporting by Suzanne Barlyn; Editing by David Gregorio)
March 30 Mitani Sangyo Co Ltd:
* Says it will acquire 50 percent stake of Fujitsu Computer Products of Vietnam Inc, a wholly owned unit of Fujitsu Ltd , for $15 million in all
* Effective date in late May
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/5PgKLy
Further company coverage:
(Beijing Headline News)
TEPIC, Mexico, April 6 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - The ripple effects of the Zika virus are hitting the poor hard in Latin America and the Caribbean, and could knock back development unless states involve communities in a stronger push to tackle the disease, a U.N.-led study said on Thursday.
The mosquito-borne Zika virus will cost the region between $7 billion and $18 billion from 2015 to 2017, said the report by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC).
Large economies like Brazil will shoulder the biggest share of the cost, but poorer countries such as Belize and Haiti will suffer the severest impacts, it added.
Jessica Faieta, UNDP director for the region, said the virus – linked to birth defects in some cases where it infects pregnant women – is not only causing direct economic losses and putting health systems under stress.
“The long-term consequences of the Zika virus can undermine decades of social development, hard-earned health gains and slow progress towards the Sustainable Development Goals,” she said in a statement.
Focusing on Brazil, Colombia and Suriname, the report calculated that the economic impact of the virus was five times higher for the Caribbean than South America, and could cost the Caribbean as much as $9 billion in lost revenues over the three-year period as tourists stay away.
Labelling Zika a “disease of poverty”, the study said support was not reaching the region's most vulnerable who often lack access to health and social services.
Countries are struggling to coordinate and finance programmes to control, monitor and diagnose the virus, it added.
Walter Cotte, IFRC's director for the Americas, said funds should be used to involve communities in responding to the disease, so as to build their resilience and reduce stigma.
Carried by the Aedes aegypti mosquito, which also hosts dengue, chikungunya and yellow fever, Zika has spread to more than 60 countries and territories since the outbreak was identified in 2015 in Brazil.
Here the alarm was raised over Zika's ability to cause microcephaly - a birth defect marked by small head size and underdeveloped brains - and Guillain-Barré syndrome, a rare neurological disorder.
SOCIAL INEQUITIES
Spending more on tackling Zika now would have long-term benefits and curb the spread of other diseases carried by the same mosquito, said the report.
With women on the fringes of fast-growing cities among those most at risk, it called for states to step up help for poor communities where many lack access to sanitation, healthcare and jobs.
“While a swift and timely emergency response is a necessary step in controlling the Zika epidemic, there is a growing need to address the quieter effects of the outbreak – the social impacts, economic loss and hardship – which are exacerbated by pre-existing inequities,” the report said.
Families looking after children born with related birth defects will need greater assistance, partly to help with long-term care, which could cost up to $5 billion in lost income as parents stay out of the work force, said the report.
It estimated the cost of microcephaly to be $8 billion, largely because people born with the disorder are unlikely to be able to work, while costs linked to Guillain-Barré could reach $3 billion.
The World Health Organisation projected some 3 to 4 million people would be infected with Zika in Latin America by early 2017, saying in February the region was recording lower numbers of infections than last year, but countries must stay vigilant. (Reporting by Sophie Hares; editing by Megan Rowling. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, resilience, women's rights, trafficking and property rights. Visit news.trust.org/climate)
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
FILE PHOTO -- Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly delivers remarks on issues related to visas and travel after U.S. President Donald Trump signed a new travel ban order in Washington, U.S., March 6, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File Photo
WASHINGTON The Trump administration is no longer considering separating women and children at the southern U.S. border as a means of deterring their migration, a Department of Homeland Security spokesman said on Wednesday.
U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly was questioned by a Senate panel on Wednesday, but only said it was not current policy to separate women and children except in certain circumstances.
The policy, first reported by Reuters, is "no longer under consideration, so the current policy is it," said DHS spokesman David Lapan said.
A DHS official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said the agency has changed course in part because of the sharp decline in women attempting to travel to the United States with their children.
Only 1,125 children travelling with guardians, who are mostly women, were apprehended at the southern U.S. border in March, according to data released on Wednesday by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection.
The decline marks a 93 percent fall since December in what was previously the fastest-growing demographic of immigrant apprehensions.
Overall immigrant apprehensions fell to a 17-year low, down to 16,600 in March.
Kelly credited President Donald Trump's tough immigration policies for the decline.
Under Trump, who took office on Jan. 20, the Department of Homeland Security had weighed separating women and children and issued guidance instructing officers to criminally charge parents who pay human smugglers to transport their children.
Trump also broadened the categories of illegal immigrants prioritised for deportation to include those charged, even if not convicted, of serious crimes.
(Reporting by Julia Edwards Ainsley; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Sandra Maler)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 20 Hong Kong stock exchange disclosure
* Shows NXP Semiconductors N.V. has sold entire 408.8 million H-shares in Advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing Corp Ltd at HK$0.99 ($0.1273) per share to Shanghai Pudong Science and Technology Investment Co Ltd
* Shanghai Pudong Science and Technology Investment Co Ltd has bought 12.6 million unlisted foreign shares in Advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing at HK$0.99 per share
Source text in English: bit.ly/2ouGdJq; bit.ly/2pVQ7F1; bit.ly/2pGHfGT
Further company coverage: ($1 = 7.7756 Hong Kong dollars) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
March 30China Fortune Land Development Co Ltd :
* Says it signs MoU with government of Zhongtang, Dongguan city and Dongguan Industrial Investment Holding Group
* It will provide development, construction and operation service within the fields authorized by the government, together with Dongguan Industrial Investment Holding Group
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/To1N4s
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
ZURICH, April 28 Credit Suisse shareholders on Friday narrowly approved the Swiss bank's 2016 compensation report in a non-binding vote at its annual shareholder meeting, with 40 percent of the vote opposing the pay policy.
"It is my job to prevent such a low vote in future," Chairman Urs Rohner said after the vote.
At last year's AGM, 17.9 percent of the vote had opposed the compensation report. Senior management at Credit Suisse, Switzerland's second-biggest bank, volunteered to take a 40 percent cut in their bonuses amid unrest over the pay packets on the back of 5.65 billion francs in losses since 2015. The board of directors also offered to freeze their pay. (Reporting by Joshua Franklin and Oliver Hirt; editing by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi)
LIMA (Reuters) - Peru condemns the threatened use of force in Venezuela and is negotiating a written response with other nations in the region, Foreign Minister Ricardo Luna said in a statement sent exclusively to Reuters on Saturday.
U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday threatened military intervention in Venezuela, a surprise escalation of Washington's response to the nation's political crisis. Caracas disparaged the threat as "craziness."
Peru under President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski has taken the toughest stance towards Venezuela's socialist regime as President Nicolas Maduro seeks to consolidate power and crack down on anti-government protests and unrest that have left 120 dead since April.
But the day after expelling Venezuela's ambassador in Lima, Peru said force is not the answer.
“All foreign or domestic threats to resort to force undermine the goal of reinstating democratic governance in Venezuela, as well as the principles enshrined in the UN charter,” Luna's statement said.
Venezuelan authorities have long said U.S. officials were planning an invasion, and Maduro has accused Latin American countries critical of his government of being part of an "imperialist" conspiracy. A former military general told Reuters earlier this year that some anti-aircraft missiles had been placed along the country's coast because of that possibility.
Visitors take pictures of a model of Boeing's 787 Dreamliner during Japan Aerospace 2016 air show in Tokyo, Japan, October 12, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
SEATTLE Boeing Co hired Norsk Titanium AS to print the first structural titanium parts for its 787 Dreamliner, a shift that the Norwegian 3-D printing company said would eventually shave $2 million to $3 million off the cost of each plane.
The contract announced on Monday is a major step in Boeing's effort to boost the profitability of the 787 and a sign of growing industrial acceptance of the durability of 3-D printed metal parts, allowing them to replace pieces made with more expensive traditional manufacturing in demanding aerospace applications.
Strong, lightweight titanium alloy is seven times more costly than aluminum, and accounts for about $17 million of the cost of a $265 million Dreamliner, industry sources say.
Boeing has been trying to reduce titanium costs on the 787, which requires more of the metal than other models because of its carbon-fiber fuselage and wings. Titanium also is used extensively on Airbus Group SE's rival A350 jet.
"This means $2 million to $3 million in savings for each Dreamliner, at least," starting in 2018 when many more parts are being printed, Chip Yates, Norsk Titanium's vice president of marketing, said in a telephone interview.
Boeing builds 144 Dreamliners in a typical year. The company declined to comment on the estimate but said Norsk's technology would help reduce costs.
The Dreamliner turned profitable last year after racking up nearly $29 billion in production-related losses.
Norsk worked with Boeing for more than a year to design four 787 parts and obtain Federal Aviation Administration certification for them, Yates said.
Norsk expects the U.S. regulatory agency will approve the material properties and production process for printed parts later this year. That will "open up the floodgates," Yates said, by allowing Norsk to print thousands of other parts for each Dreamliner, without each part requiring separate FAA approval, resulting in the millions in expecting savings per plane.
"You're talking about tons, literally," on the 787 that would be printed instead of made with traditional, expensive forging and machining, he said.
General Electric Co is already printing metal fuel nozzles for aircraft engines. But Norsk and Boeing said the titanium parts are the first printed structural components designed to bear the stress of an airframe in flight.
Norsk said it will print initially in Norway, but aims to have nine printers running by year-end at a 67,000-square-foot (6,220-square-meter) facility in Plattsburgh, New York.
(Reporting by Alwyn Scott; editing by Jonathan Oatis and Mary Milliken)
March 29 Standard Life Plc:
* Have been agreed to sell its Hong Kong insurance business,Standard Life (Asia) Limited to Standard Life'S Chinese joint venture insurance business, Heng An Standard Life Insurance Company Limited
* Transaction is subject to obtaining local regulatory and other approvals in Mainland China and Hong Kong ,this could take up to 18 months.
* Final consideration will be calculated as at the date of completion and will be payable in cash. Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
March 31 Dymatic Chemicals Inc:
* Sees net profit for Q1 2017 to be 0 million yuan to 5 million yuan, compared to net loss of the same period in 2016 (5.9 million yuan)
* Comments that increased investment income is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/8LNW0b
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
FRANKFURT Private-equity held Italian packaging firm Guala Closures is preparing a stock market listing or sale that may value the company at more than 1 billion euros (849.74 million pounds) including debt, sources close to the matter said.
Guala's main shareholder, Apriori Capital Partners, will at the end of this month interview investment banks vying for a role in the potential initial public offering or outright sale, the sources added.
The company specialises in closures, such as bottle tops, for sealing spirits and counts makers such as Diageo (DGE.L), Pernod Ricard (PERP.PA), Remy Cointreau (RCOP.PA), Fortune Brands (FBHS.N), Brown-Forman (BFb.N) and UB Group as its customers.
It is expected to post earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation of up to 110 million euros this year and its owners, which also include the company's management and fund Nb Reinassance, are hoping to reap a valuation of up to 11-12 times that, the sources said.
That would represent a premium to peers such as Polyone (POL.N), Sealed Air (SEE.N), Berry (BERY.N), Bemis (BMS.N) and Ball (BLL.N).
Other packaging groups such as Germany's Kloeckner Pentaplast are looking to the United States as a listing location as most of its peers are listed there.
Guala, which sells more than 14 billion closures each year, will also be marketed to potential trade or private equity buyers, though it has rebuffed offers from groups such as private equity firm KKR (KKR.N) on price in the past, the sources added.
Guala Closures is directly owned by GLC Holdings whose main investor is Apriori Capital.
Credit Suisse, which led Guala's 510 million euro bond sale in November, is expected to take a leading role in the potential IPO or sale, which could take place after the summer, the sources said.
Guala, which has 4000 employees, was delisted from the stock exchange in 2008. In the first nine months of 2016, it posted an EBITDA of 74.5 million euros on revenues of 369 million euros. Full year figures are due April 27.
Apriori Capital, KKR and Credit Suisse declined to comment or were not immediately available for comment.
(Reporting by Arno Schuetze, additional reporting by Stephen Jewkes in Milan; Editing by Toby Davis)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
* Dollar/yen comes within reach of 112.00 threshold
* Mnuchin repeats support for ultra long-term bond issuance
* Euro holds ground before May 7 French vote
* RBA keeps rates at 1.5 pct as expected, Aussie little affected (Updates prices, adds details and quotes)
By Shinichi Saoshiro
TOKYO, May 2 The dollar hit a one-month high against the yen on Tuesday, lifted by Treasury yields which surged after U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin commented on the possibility of ultra long-term bond issuance.
The greenback last traded at 111.900 yen after touching 111.985, its strongest since March 31.
The dollar was boosted as long-term Treasury yields soared to multi-week highs after Mnuchin reiterated his view in an interview with Bloomberg, saying the government issuing debt exceeding 30-years in maturity "can absolutely make sense."
"The dollar is moving in tandem with Treasury yields, which saw its benchmark rise above the 2.3 percent threshold with Mnuchin seemingly very enthusiastic about issuing so-called ultra long-term bonds," said Yukio Ishizaki, senior currency strategist at Daiwa Securities.
The jump in U.S. debt yields helped the dollar brush off negative pressure from downbeat data.
The latest U.S. economic indicators to be released remained underwhelming. A survey out on Monday showed factory activity slowed in April, while data showed consumer spending was unchanged in March, and an important inflation measure fell on a monthly basis for the first time since 2001.
Other U.S. data out later this week include an ADP employment report on Wednesday, durable goods orders on Thursday and a non-farm jobs report on Friday.
Despite the lacklustre data, the dollar has managed to rise due to expectations that the Federal Reserve would hike interest rates again soon, but it the indicators ramin weak investors could revise their expectations, said Junichi Ishikawa, senior forex strategist at IG Securities in Tokyo.
"If this week's remaining U.S. indicators continue to be weak, such expectations that have supported the dollar could crumble easily."
The Federal Reserve is widely expected to keep interest rates unchanged at a two-day policy meeting that begins on Tuesday, and investors will look to see whether the central bank downlplays the recent soft patch in the economy to leave the door open for a rate increase in June.
The euro, meanwhile, held its ground against the dollar. The common currency was up 0.15 percent at $1.0914, adding to modest gains made overnight.
It was in reach of a 5-1/2-month high of $1.0951 scaled last week on relief after Emmanuel Macron's victory against anti-euro nationalist Marine Le Pen in the first round of France's presidential elections. The runoff vote is on May 7.
"The euro was initially expected to become volatile as the May 7 French vote neared, but it is still holding very firm. With French equities also at record highs, it appears that the market is treating Macron's win as a foregone conclusion," Ishizaki at Daiwa Securities said.
The euro touched a 1-1/2-month high of 122.200 yen , with the safe-haven Japanese currency broadly on the defensive amid a recent ebb in broader risk aversion.
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Monday he was open to meeting North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in the right circumstances.
The Australian dollar gained about 0.3 percent higher at $0.7548 thanks to a bounce in iron ore prices, and showed little reaction to the Reserve Bank of Australia keeping its policy rate unchanged at a record low 1.5 percent.
The RBA's decision on Tuesday was expected.
The U.S. dollar index against a basket of major currencies was effectively flat at 99.050 after posting a small gain overnight. (Reporting by Shinichi Saoshiro; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
Actor Bill Cosby (C) leaves for a lunch break during a hearing for his upcoming sexual assault trial at Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pennsylvania, U.S., April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Clem Murray/Pool
NEW YORK Pennsylvania's high court has rejected Bill Cosby's latest appeal in his sexual assault case, ensuring the 79-year-old comedian will face trial in June.
Cosby's lawyers had argued that Montgomery County prosecutors violated his rights by refusing to call his accuser, Andrea Constand, as a witness at his preliminary hearing in May 2016.
The decision to introduce her allegations through police detectives who took her statement in 2005 robbed Cosby of his right to cross-examine Constand, his attorneys said.
But the judge who will preside over the trial, Steven O'Neill, ruled the case could move forward, a decision that was upheld by a mid-level appeals court. The Pennsylvania Supreme Court on Wednesday declined to hear Cosby's last-ditch appeal.
The case is the only criminal prosecution to result from accusations of sexual assault brought against Cosby by more than 50 women, many of which allegedly occurred decades ago. Cosby has denied any wrongdoing.
Constand has accused Cosby of drugging and then sexually assaulting her in 2004 at his home in a Philadelphia suburb.
Jury selection in the case is scheduled to begin on May 22, with the trial set for June 5.
Cosby's lawyers have unsuccessfully sought to have the charges dismissed several times since he was charged in December 2015.
(Reporting by Joseph Ax; Editing by Dan Grebler)
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Global Partner Acquisition Corp:
* GLOBAL PARTNER ACQUISITION CORP. AND PURPLE INNOVATION, LLC ANNOUNCE DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT WITH COLISEUM CAPITAL MANAGEMENT FOR $65 MILLION OF COMMITTED EQUITY AND DEBT INVESTMENTS
* GLOBAL PARTNER ACQUISITION- AGREEMENT WITH COLISEUM CAPITAL FOR COMBINATION BETWEEN GPAC AND PURPLE TO BUY AGGREGATE OF $40 MILLION OF SHARES OF GPAC
* GLOBAL PARTNER ACQUISITION CORP SAYS ‍TO MAKE AN ADDITIONAL $25 MILLION INVESTMENT IN PURPLE IN FORM OF UNSECURED DEBT​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO - The logo of French state-owned electricity company EDF is seen on the France's oldest nuclear power station of Fessenheim, November 14, 2013 . REUTERS/Vincent Kessler
PARIS French Energy Minister Segolene Royal warned EDF's board on Wednesday against trying to prevent the closure of France's oldest nuclear plant, as a long-running conflict between the state-controlled utility and the government comes to a head.
EDF (EDF.PA) has scheduled a board meeting on Thursday to decide the fate of the 1,800 megawatt Fessenheim plant near the German border. Its closure was an election promise of outgoing President Francois Hollande in 2012, but the company has so far managed to put off a final decision.
Unions oppose the closure, saying it would cause job losses and France's hardline CGT trade union urged its members to picket EDF's headquarters during Thursday's meeting to keep pressure on the board members.
"The board is going to have a debate and normally EDF's chairman should give me a request (afterwards) to close Fessenheim as planned," Royal said on CNEWS.
Environmental groups have long suspected EDF of playing for time, seeking to prevent the closure from becoming irreversible before the end of Hollande's presidency next month.
EDF's management has argued that safety issues would not be a reason to close the plant since the nuclear watchdog deemed it safe after the utility invested hundreds of millions of euros to reinforce security following the Fukushima disaster in Japan.
Fessenheim's two 900-megawatt reactors each bring EDF about 200 million euros (£170.85 million) in earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) per year.
The CGT union called on workers' representatives on the EDF board to oppose the plant's closure, saying it would be an economic and industrial waste.
"The Fessenheim plant is safe, and it is recognized as such by the Nuclear Safety Authority," CGT said in a statement, adding that the plant contributes to French energy security.
France, a major electricity exporter in Europe, depends on its 58 nuclear reactors for more than 75 percent of its electricity supply.
The outcome of the 18-member board meeting on Thursday is uncertain because only 12 members, including the six union representatives, will vote while state representatives would have to abstain to avoid any conflict of interest.
"I'm warning the board members who are tempted to listen to inexact information and could harm the company's interests," Royal said.
EDF and the government have reached a 490 million euro compensation agreement covering costs associated with the closure.
The company also received some guarantees that could allow it to shut down the reactor by end-2018, when it starts production at its new generation EPR reactor under construction in Flamanville in northern France.
(Reporting by Bate Felix, Benjamin Mallet, Yann Le Guernigou, Michel Rose, writing by Leigh Thomas; Editing by Susan Fenton)
