Thomas Meunier said he would be facing the best player he has ever played with when Belgium takes on Neymar and Brazil in the World Cup quarter-final, saying of his Paris-Saint Germain team-mate: "I do not know how to stop him."
Meunier played the entirety of Belgium's 3-2 round-of-16 victory over Japan, which was settled by Nacer Chadli's stoppage-time strike and set up a quarter-final clash with the highly fancied South Americans.
Neymar scored the first goal in Brazil's 2-0 win over Mexico to double his World Cup tally, and Meunier admitted that keeping the 26-year-old at bay in Friday's clash would be difficult.
"I do not know how to stop him. He is very unpredictable," Meunier told Globo Esporte.
"Neymar is probably the best player I've ever played with or against.
"Anyway, I'll do my best. I know we have a chance, but I also know that it is very complicated to stop them, not just Neymar. [Philippe] Coutinho, [Roberto] Firmino, [Gabriel] Jesus, Marcelo, the whole team."
Belgium have won all four of their World Cup games so far, scoring 12 goals in the process, but Meunier warned that beating Belgium would require a higher level of performance.
"They have many qualities," he said. "It's complicated. We're facing the best team in the world.
"We have a chance, but it will be quite complicated.
"I expect a difficult game. We are not favourites to the World Cup. To beat Brazil, you have to be 100 per cent, 120 per cent of your mental and physical capacity.
"It's already a final for us. We know we have quality and collectiveness to beat them, but we also know that it will not be easy."
Walk down the aisle of your local pharmacy or grocery store and you'll be bombarded by a dizzying array of bleaching products, from gels and strips to paint-on bleach.
Cosmetic tooth bleaching is a $3.2 billion global industry, according to market analysts, and it's getting bigger fast. It's easy to see why. Strikingly white, bright smiles dominate TV and social media, and people tend to prefer the bright teeth of youth rather than those that have been yellowed by trauma or age.
But if you decide that you, too, want a brighter smile, it's hard to know where to start.
"I'm a dentist, but I'm also a consumer and I can certainly get confused by all the products," says Ruchi Sahota who practices in Fremont, Calif. A colleague of hers describes the tooth product aisle in stores as the "dental aisle of confusion," because there are so many options. "You can easily get bewildered standing there trying to figure out which option is the best," she says.
The dilemma isn't helped by regulators. Tooth whitening products don't need approval from the Food and Drug Administration before hitting the market, because the agency considers them "cosmetic," a designation that's much more lightly regulated than drugs. And, the FDA says it has not determined that any ingredients contained in currently marketed products are unsafe.
The American Dental Association does offer some guidance in choosing a bleaching product — its ADA seal of acceptance. "The seal is rooted in science," says chemist Jamie Spomer, director of the ADA's seal of acceptance program; she notes that when a manufacturer applies for the seal, an independent panel of dentists analyzes the company's data and sometimes performs studies of their own.
The seal is a "symbol that an independent panel reviewed and approved the product for its safety and effectiveness," Spomer says. Many toothpastes carry the ADA seal. So far only one over-the-counter-bleaching product does — Crest 3D White Glamorous White Whitestrips.
Even so, Sahota says many over-the-counter products that don't carry the seal can still be effective if used as directed. Most cause some tooth sensitivity during the bleaching process, but that goes away once the process is complete, she says. Depending on which product is used, bleaching can take anywhere from two to six weeks.
And, if you're not careful, Sahota says the products can leak onto the gums, causing inflammation and "extra sensitivity" to pressure, temperature and touch.
A safer but more costly option might be to buy a custom-made tray from your dentist, Sahota says. Unlike the one-size-fits-all trays sold over the counter, a dentist makes the tray "just for you" she says.
The tray hugs the teeth and ensures the gel is kept where it should be and is evenly applied. The kits cost about $400; this at-home whitening process can take up to four weeks, depending on how stained the teeth are to begin with. Generally, the trays are worn for one or two hours a day.
If you want an even faster route, you'll have to pay more. Bleaching in the dental office can run more than $1,000, but results are quick and more dramatic. Dentists use bleaching gels that rely on high concentrations of hydrogen peroxide (up to 40 percent hydrogen peroxide, compared to a 5 to 6 percent concentration in drugstore kits and a 10 to 15 percent solution in the home-kits from dentists).
So the whole process in the dentist's office can take just an hour or two to complete. And because the peroxide concentrations used there are much higher, the results can be many shades lighter than with take-home kits and over-the-counter products.
An important caveat: Insurance companies consider in-office teeth whitening "cosmetic" so the procedures are almost never covered.
Nonetheless, more Americans are opting for in-office whitening. In 2015, in-office bleaching procedures rose 29 percent over the year before, according to an American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry survey. And there's at least a little evidence that the whiter the smile the more attractive the person – in a 2012 study both men and women said they prefer white teeth when choosing a mate.
But go to the dentist before you start bleaching, says Ada Cooper, a New York City dentist.
"Tooth discoloration can be caused by cavities and other oral problems," she says. "It's more important to maintain healthy teeth."
It's also important to note that not all stains are the same. Some are mostly on the surface of the teeth and come from consuming lots of dark colored liquids like coffee, tea and red wine, as well as foods with vibrant yellow spices like turmeric. The tar and nicotine from cigarettes are also huge culprits. Often surface stains can be diminished by routine brushing, flossing and biannual professional cleaning in the dentist's office.
Unfortunately, there are deeper stains you just can't avoid by being careful about what you eat and drink. These come with aging and years of chewing, which causes millions of tiny cracks in the outer enamel of the tooth. These cracks can fill up with stain. On top of that, the thinning enamel can allow the yellow core of the tooth to become more visible. Grinding teeth at night and brushing too hard can also weaken and thin tooth enamel. Bleaching agents can penetrate these deeper stains and turn the tooth whiter — typically two to seven shades lighter.
There are some discolorations that just can't be bleached away. Trauma to a tooth — such as a chip or break — can also permanently discolor it from the inside, and stains from ingesting the antibiotic tetracycline or large amounts of fluoride are also permanent. In these cases, the only option for whiter teeth is a crown or veneer.
All types of bleaching — whether over-the-counter, take-home kits or in the dental office — are temporary, requiring touch-ups at some point. As for homespun remedies promoted online, in social media and in magazines as being "natural whitening" agents (including charcoal, baking soda or lemon juice), the ADA says there is no evidence these methods work.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer, File). FILE - In this Aug. 15, 2016 file photo, three of Deepwater Wind's five turbines stand in the water off Block Island, R.I, the nation's first offshore wind farm. Deepwater Wind said Wednesday, May 30, 2018, it will creat...
By JENNIFER McDERMOTT
Associated Press
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) - A Rhode Island company is going to build a wind farm that will be 10 times the size of the nation's first offshore wind farm.
Deepwater Wind says the new 400-megawatt wind farm will also create more than 800 jobs in Rhode Island.
Democratic Gov. Gina Raimondo and other officials visited the Port of Providence on Wednesday for the announcement.
Massachusetts and Rhode Island announced offshore wind projects last week aimed at delivering 1,200 megawatts of energy, enough to power about 600,000 homes.
The company also built the nation's first offshore wind farm off Block Island, Rhode Island. It has five turbines. This latest project will have up to 50 turbines south of Martha's Vineyard.
Deepwater Wind's CEO says it will be "an enormous clean energy machine."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NIGERIA: Is it Obasanjo versus Buhari?
Abuja, Nigeria | AFP | Nigeria's former president Olusegun Obasanjo has called on the country's current leader Muhammadu Buhari not to seek a second term of office, in wide-ranging criticisms that could hit his support should he decide to stand. (FULL TEXT OF STATEMENT BOTTOM)
Obasanjo's outspoken comments come against a backdrop of growing discontent at Buhari's stewardship of Africa's most populous nation, which since 2015 has suffered recession and a slew of security concerns.
Buhari's own wife, Aisha, has herself appeared to align herself with his critics by retweeting videos of opposition lawmakers lambasting the government's performance in office.
With polls approaching in February 2019, it is Obasanjo's comments that have caused alarm within the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC).
Obasanjo, who headed a military government in the 1970s and was Nigeria's first president when civilian rule was restored in 1999, said Buhari needed a “deserved rest”.
His former army comrade had proved weak on the economy and foreign affairs, and had a “poor understanding” of Nigeria's complex internal politics, he suggested.
To ask increasingly divided and embattled Nigerians to vote for him again was “unrealistic,” Obasanjo argued.
It “will only sentence Nigeria to a prison term of four years, if not destroy it beyond the possibility of an early recovery and substantial growth”, he added.
– ‘Dignified dismount' –
Buhari, 75, spent most of last year receiving treatment in London for an unspecified illness, leading many to wonder whether he is fit enough to serve another four-year term.
In 2015, he became the first opposition candidate in Nigerian history to unseat an incumbent, defeating Goodluck Jonathan at the polls.
Obasanjo, now 80 and still an influential political figure, ripped up his membership card of Jonathan's ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) just before the last election.
He claimed Jonathan was trying to stay in power “by hook or by crook”, questioned his fitness to govern and said he was surrounded by corrupt cronies and “greedy hangers-on”.
But despite initially giving his backing to Buhari, he said his performance had not delivered the change he promised three years ago.
There had been a lack of progress in tackling poverty, improving governance and, while Boko Haram Islamists had been weakened, new security threats had emerged, he said.
He acknowledged some progress in fighting corruption but said there was nepotism “bordering on clannishness” in Buhari's administration, in a clear reference to his inner circle.
Aisha Buhari has similarly criticised the so-called “cabal” around her husband, suggesting they held the real power.
Obasanjo said Buhari's “place in history is already assured” and called for a new “coalition for democracy, good governance, social and economic well-being and progress”.
“President Buhari needs a dignified and honourable dismount from the horse,” he said, suggesting he could still play a role from the sidelines with other former leaders.
– Political operator –
Political analysts sensed calculation on the part of Obasanjo, a canny operator whose backing has been seen as essential to get ahead in Nigeria's patronage politics.
Commentator Chris Ngwodo said the former head of state had “read the groundswell of discontent” with Buhari, just as he did with Jonathan in 2015.
“At the very least”, his comments will see an erosion of the overwhelming support that brought Buhari to power, he said.
Cheta Nwanze, head of research at the Lagos-based advisory firm SBM Intelligence, said Obasanjo's statement “will do a lot of damage to Buhari's second-term ambition”.
“Many who were hitherto afraid to speak out will find their voices and there will be a realignment,” he told AFP.
“If the security services move against Obasanjo it places Buhari in an even poorer light.”
Both Ngwodo and Nwanze identified the former Kano state governor Rabiu Kwankwaso and the current governor of Sokoto, Aminu Tambuwal, as possible challengers to Buhari.
Kwankwaso came third in the APC presidential primary last time round behind Buhari and Obasanjo's former vice-president Atiku Abubakar. Abubakar has since rejoined the PDP.
Obasanjo Statement on Buhari by The Independent Magazine on Scribd
Share on: WhatsApp
The post NIGERIA: Is it Obasanjo versus Buhari? appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
I'm led to a room where a small SUV is covered by a sheet. There's none of the pomp and circumstance that comes with an auto show reveal (that'll happen in Beijing a few weeks later). Instead, the cloth is removed to show off the pure electric Concept iX3, The vehicle will go into production in 2020. Other than a few design tweaks and an off-white matte paint job the crossover looks like an X3. That's the point.
The i brand was launched with two very different and very polarizing vehicles. The urban i3 and the hybrid supercar, the i8. If the character Tron were to escape the grid and need two cars to get around, these would be his first choice. Which is great for fans of science fiction, but can be off-putting to some potential customers. "It's difficult with such niche products to reach the main customers in the wide range." Domagoj Dukec head of the design team for BMW i and M vehicles said during the unveiling.
That's not to say that when the iX3 goes into production it will blend in completely with the rest of the SUVs on the road. The body has been smoothed out to reduce wind resistance and the iconic BMW kidney grill found at the front of all the automaker's cars no longer has slates to feed air to the radiator. The car doesn't need that air and it lowers the vehicle's aerodynamics.
One thing that will differentiate it, is the color blue. All the i cars will have blue badges and accents to show the world that you're piloting a greener vehicle. Even the space where you would typically see the exhaust has been replaced with blue rectangles. The familiar design language of a BMW is there even if the legacy internal combustion engine elements are gone.
"We don't invent a completely new car with the design. We give it this cleanness. This boldness and a more modern design," Dukec said. The result is an SUV (or as BMW calls it, an SAV - Sports Activity Vehicle) that appeals to anyone that's already a fan of the petrol version of the crossover. If you like the X3, you'll like the iX3. But it takes more than looks to sway folks from the tried and true world of gas-powered engines.
Under the hood, it delivers the goods with a 249-mile range (which may vary depending on regional regulatory standards and testing) and 270 horsepower (the regular X3 has 248). According to BMW, the 70kWh battery charges up to 80 percent (via a 150 kW DC fast charger) in about 30 minutes.
But the news isn't about the range or horsepower, it's how BMW is building the electric motor found in the iX3. In fact, the current generation of the "eDrive" system is a combination of the electric motor, transmission and electronics. It's all bundled into one unit that just so happens to be modular. So, the automaker doesn't have to design an entirely new drivetrain to add more power to a vehicle. It can just swap out the electric motor and/or transmission.
In the future that modularity will expand beyond eDrive to how the car's themselves are built. The automaker will have a single platform for each car that accepts gas, hybrid and pure EV drivetrains. The result should give the automaker the agility to adjust production of vehicles, regardless of how they are powered, based on demand.
In other words, there will be more i vehicles, like the Concept iX3 that only look slightly different from their gas counterparts. Frankly, it's those cars that'll grow the EV market. For fans of the i3 and i8 (like myself), BMW will continue to introduce -- and put into production -- cars that look like they're from the future. They probably won't sell as well and -- like the i8 -- will end up on more posters on people's walls than in people's garages.
As the presentation ended another journalist asked why the windows of the Concept iX3 were blacked out. Should we expect a surprise at the Beijing Auto Show? When the car goes into production would it have a next-generation infotainment system or stylish new interior? BMW informed us that owners of the iX3 will have the same in-car experience as the owners of the X3.
Dukec notes that there will always be drivers that want to express their allegiance to EVs in an extreme way. For them, there's the niche dedicated i vehicles. But to continue down the electrified road, the automaker needs to actually sell cars to everyone.
I had hoped to see something outlandish in the design studio of FIZ. Something that glowed blue that would make people stop in their tracks and stare as it rolled down the road. Instead, I saw the future of BMW's electrification. While it won't turn as many heads as it rolls down the street, as long as it sells to the masses, BMW is totally fine with that.
Join us on the new C-Pop podcast where Taylor and Jessilyn discuss, debate and sometimes deride pop culture with a strong sense of humor and a focus on Christ. Listen at charismapodcastnetwork.com.
Denzel Washington may now be one of Hollywood's most hallowed names, but it's not fame and fortune that drives him.
It's God. And a prophetic vision He gave a woman more than 42 years ago.
Washington, whose new film Fences is racking up accolades, shared the details in a new interview with Access Hollywood.
"It was March 27, 1975, and I started acting four months later, and she said, 'You know, young man, you are gonna travel the world and speak or preach to millions of people,'" Washington recalls. "She said that and then she wrote 'prophecy'; she couldn't even spell it well. And then, my mother wrote, 'preacher.' And then I wrote my name. It was on a blue envelope; I still have it."
Watch the video to see more.
Leaders are readers! Subscribe now and get 3 magazines for the price of 1. Get Ministry Today, Charisma and SpiritLed Woman all for $24. YES - Sign me up!
3 Reasons Why you should read Life in the Spirit. 1) Get to know the Holy Spirit. 2) Learn to enter God's presence 3) Hear God's voice clearly! Click Here to draw closer to God!
-
See an error in this article? This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A leading Chester law firm has raised more than £6,500 for its charity of the year, Visyon.
SAS Daniels announced Visyon, a children's mental health charity, as its charity of the year in 2017.
Twelve months on, it has achieved a record-breaking amount, surpassing all its previous fundraising campaigns.
Visyon, based in Congleton and Crewe, offers counselling, therapeutic play, creative workshops, family support and mentoring to children and young people aged between four and 25.
Over the last year, SAS Daniels employees have taken part in a variety of fundraising events.
Its biggest activity saw 20 volunteers abseil down Stopford House in Stockport town centre, which raised over £2,000 alone.
Other activities which resulted in the £6,593 donation included cake sales, dress down days, Christmas raffles, a Congleton mulled wine event, a summer BBQ with tombola and a fundraiser at the Cheshire Business Awards.
Employees also fundraised individually across its Chester, Stockport, Macclesfield and Congleton offices.
Katie Hodson, an associate in the employment law and HR team and member of the CSR committee at SAS Daniels, said: “We are thrilled to have raised such a significant amount for Visyon after a year of fun and exciting activities.
“Supporting our local community and charities is extremely important to us and we're delighted to have been able to support Visyon this year, especially as mental health issues impact so many young lives.”
Sandi Marshall, business development manager at Visyon, commented: “The teams at SAS Daniels have done a remarkable job of raising awareness of the work we do at Visyon.
“Mental health challenges in young people is an important issue to address and we work with over a thousand local children a year.
“We'd like to thank SAS Daniels for helping to raise the funds we need to continue to support more young people.”
Here's some early holiday cheer — if Britain's knowledge workers operated in an IT issue-free environment, they would reach the same yearly productivity level as the average office worker (battling IT challenges) by today, Monday, 11th December.
Commissioned by Citrix and carried out by Censuswide, our research quizzed over 1,000 full time office workers in companies with 250 or more employees across the UK. We wanted to pinpoint the biggest barriers to productivity at work, looking at the extent to which technology issues are impeding employee productivity in large UK businesses, as well as trying to understand the most common IT frustrations.
IT issues, it seems, are a significant obstacle to British business productivity, with nine out of ten (89 per cent) employees left waiting to get work done every day due to problems with technology.
Nationwide ‘Out of Office Day' set for 11th December
Almost a quarter of office workers who responded to our survey (23 per cent) spend between 3-6 hours in total each week waiting to get work done due to an IT issue. On average, they are left waiting for 2.03 hours each week to get IT issues resolved, which means they wasted the equivalent of 12.8 working days over the course of 2017 (if you'd like a more detailed explanation of our methodology, see the end of post for more info on how we calculated this.)
Read the entire article here, 11th December: The Day Brits Would Wrap Up Work for Christmas if IT Issues Didn't Restrict Productivity!
Via the fine folks at Citrix Systems, Inc.
SENATE AND THE ANTI-GRAFT LAW
The executive bill passed by the Senate will help in tracking down corrupt elements
The Senate recently passed a bill to enhance the nation's anti-corruption war by ensuring that suspects do not evade justice locally and enjoy the proceeds of their crimes abroad. This followed the adoption of the report of its Committees on Judiciary, Human Rights and Legal Matters, Anti-Corruption and Financial Crimes, and Foreign Affairs.
An executive bill, it is for mutual assistance in criminal matters between Nigeria and other foreign states to facilitate the identification, tracing, freezing, restraining, recovery, forfeiture and confiscation of proceeds, property and other instrumentalities of crimes. It is intended to provide a legal framework that will strengthen the fight against corruption, terrorism, economic and financial crimes, money laundering and other related offences. The bill is also intended to effect the temporary transfer of persons in custody to assist in investigations or appear as witnesses, facilitate obtaining and preserving of computer data, and providing any other assistance that is not contrary to the law of the requesting state.
In summary, the bill, which provides to repeal the Money Laundering Act of 2011 prohibits money laundering activities, expands the scope of money laundering offences, provides protection for employees of various institutions and provides appropriate penalties for offences.
When concurred to by the House of Representatives, and signed into law by the President (which is expected since it is an executive bill) Nigeria would be able to request that any country where a money laundering suspect is resident can prosecute such person in line with the relevant laws of that country. Nigeria can also supply such country with evidence to further the case against the suspect.
This bill is therefore considered a critical component of the country's anti-corruption war, which would facilitate the required collaboration to prevent individuals from escaping prosecution and justice by taking refuge in another country. In this age of globalisation and the increasing cross border form of crimes, the passage of this bill is commendable.
While some may choose to criticise the bill as an ‘outsourcing' of justice, it remains a legal process to ensure justice against criminals, and deterring potential money launderers for whatever purposes. In this case, the law is a necessary means to an end, where the eyes should be kept on the prize.
We commend the passage of the bill. But it is necessary to point out that without the necessary political will, the aims and objectives of the bill would not be achieved. We have always canvassed the need to build strong institutions, and we are again doing that. Anti- corruption agencies that are subject to the whims of the powers that be would not be effective in implementing this law.
For instance: would the authorities have the courage to seek transfer of a crony of the president or be willing to supply necessary evidence that could ensure the conviction of someone in the good books of the president? This consideration is necessary particularly as cases of corruption seem to fizzle out the moment a ‘suspect' politician renounces his party and decamps to the ruling one.
Again, the anti-graft agencies themselves have to get more serious and thorough with their investigations. Media trials would not be enough to secure convictions in climes where the justice system is based on facts, and not sensationalism or hearsay. These are not enough even in local courts as evidenced by the inability to secure any notable conviction despite the mudslinging of ‘suspects' of stolen national funds in the recent times.
The message therefore is clear: If the anti-graft agencies do not get their act together, invest time in credible and reliable investigations, partnership countries would not take Nigeria serious.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Scale-Out NAS is known for incredible scale, and the added horsepower of all-flash provides incredible speed and efficiency—at least, that's the theory. Unfortunately, not every all-flash NAS platform is created equal.
Isilon is the market and technology leader in Scale-Out NAS and achieved this recognition through years of innovation. Isilon introduced the concept of a node-based, distributed scale-out file system. Here's a quick snapshot of a few of the recent advances we've brought to scale-out NAS with Isilon:
The Multi-Protocol Data Lake: Enabling in-place analytics and further consolidation of customer's workflows.
Edge, Core, Cloud: Expanding the Isilon Data Lake to encompass seamless connectivity from the Isilon core with the software defined edge and policy-based tiering to private and public clouds. Providing our customers with a single repository with global reach.
All-Flash Isilon: We delivered this most recent advancement with the recent availability of the revolutionary new generation Isilon platform.
Read the entire article here, Scale Out or Sputter Out? Why Every All-Flash NAS Platform Isn't Created Equal
via the fine folks at Dell
OTTAWA — Manitoba's finance minister says he and his counterparts will take another look at changes to the Canada Pension Plan amid concerns that low-income workers and women are being shortchanged by the framework agreed to last year.
Changes agreed to last year will increase employee premiums and retirement benefits, but do not include provisions that many women use to boost the value of their retirement payments.
Nor did the changes include a bump to a death benefit that hasn't increased in value in two decades.
The issues and policy implications of each provision and the death benefit were part of a federal report circulated to provinces in May ahead of a mandatory triennial review of the pension plan.
Large swaths of the paper obtained by The Canadian Press under the Access to Information Act were withheld from release or blacked out because officials say they are too sensitive to make public.
Cameron Friesen, Manitoba's finance minister, said the drop-out clauses and the death benefit will be part of talks when Finance Minister Bill Morneau hosts his provincial and territorial counterparts starting Sunday evening in the national capital.
He said finance ministers will look at “restoring the death benefit and making sure that perhaps drop-out provisions could be in place.”
But all of it has to be affordable, he said.
“We need CPP enhancements to put a focus not just on improving the plan 40 years from now, but to make it better for Canadians right now,” Friesen said in an interview ahead of the meeting.
The changes finance ministers agreed to last year will increase the benefits Canadians receive in retirement, increase how much income is eligible for CPP coverage to $82,700 and also increase how much employees and employers pay in premiums to cover the changes.
But the ministers didn't include specific provisions to exclude time taken out of the workforce to raise a child or due to disability from the calculation to determine how much people will receive in retirement benefits.
The Liberals have argued the design of the additional benefit takes into account time out of the workforce for a variety of reasons.
Speaking notes provided to Social Development Minister Jean-Yves Duclos one year ago say that the absence of the child-rearing and disability drop-out provisions in the enhanced CPP means “benefits for some groups will not increase as fast as in the base CPP, where all four drop-out provisions will continue to exist.”
The notes go on to say the combined payments from the base and the enhanced CPP will “always be higher” than the base alone.
The May discussion paper also singles out the value of the death benefit for consideration.
The value of the lump-sum payment hasn't changed since provincial and federal officials froze the maximum payout at $2,500 in 1998. Governments at the time worried the benefit would become financially unsustainable if it was allowed to increase annually with the yearly maximum pensionable earnings.
The discussion paper estimated the death benefit would be worth $5,500 today had it not been capped — more than double the current payment.
— With files from Andy Blatchford
The Nobel Peace Prize was awarded Friday to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, a group of mostly young activists pushing for a global treaty to ban the cataclysmic bombs.
The award of the $1.1-million prize comes amid heightened tensions over both North Korea's aggressive development of nuclear weapons and U.S. President Donald Trump's persistent criticism of the deal to curb Iran's nuclear program.
The prize committee wanted "to send a signal to North Korea and the U.S. that they need to go into negotiations," Oeivind Stenersen, a historian of the peace prize, told The Associated Press. "The prize is also coded support to the Iran nuclear deal. I think this was wise because recognizing the Iran deal itself could have been seen as giving support to the Iranian state."
The Geneva-based ICAN has campaigned actively for the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons, which was adopted by 122 countries at the United Nations in July. On Sept. 20, the first day the treaty was open for signature, 51 countries signed it and three submitted their ratifications. The treaty needs 50 ratifications to go into force, which advocates are confident will happen.
The United States, Russia, Britain, France and China all boycotted the negotiations; India, Pakistan and North Korea did not vote.
ICAN also organized events globally in 2015 to mark the 70th anniversaries of World War II's devastating U.S. atomic bombing of the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Last month in Berlin, ICAN protesters teamed up with other organizations to demonstrate outside the U.S. and North Korean embassies against the possibility of nuclear war between the two countries. Wearing masks of Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, protesters posed next to a dummy nuclear missile and a large banner reading "Time to Go: Ban Nuclear Weapons."
The group "has been a driving force in prevailing upon the world's nations to pledge to cooperate ... in efforts to stigmatize, prohibit and eliminate nuclear weapons," Norwegian Nobel Committee chairwoman Berit Reiss-Andersen said in the announcement.
The prize "sends a message to all nuclear-armed states and all states that continue to rely on nuclear weapons for security that it is unacceptable behavior. We will not support it, we will not make excuses for it. We can't threaten to indiscriminately slaughter hundreds of thousands of civilians in the name of security. That's not how you build security," ICAN executive director Beatrice Fihn told reporters Friday in Geneva.
She said that she "worried that it was a prank" after getting a phone call just minutes before the official Peace Prize announcement was made. Fihn said she didn't believe it until she heard the name of the group being proclaimed on television.
ICAN leaders later popped open some bubbly to celebrate the prize, and held up a banner with their group's name in their small Geneva headquarters.
"We are trying to send very strong signals to all states with nuclear arms, nuclear-armed states — North Korea, U.S., Russia, China, France, U.K., Israel, all of them, India, Pakistan — it is unacceptable to threaten to kill civilians," she said.
Reiss-Andersen noted that similar prohibitions have been reached on chemical and biological weapons, land mines and cluster munitions.
"Nuclear weapons are even more destructive, but have not yet been made the object of a similar international legal prohibition," she said.
Reiss-Andersen said "through its inspiring and innovative support for the U.N. negotiations on a treaty banning nuclear weapons, ICAN has played a major part in bringing about what in our day and age is equivalent to an international peace congress."
Asked by journalists whether the prize was essentially symbolic, given that no international measures against nuclear weapons have been reached, Reiss-Andersen said "what will not have an impact is being passive."
Anita Friedt, the U.S. acting assistant secretary of state for arms control, told the U.N. General Assembly this week that it would be irresponsible for the U.S. to support the treaty, citing the threat from North Korea.
———
Jamey Keaten in Geneva, George Jahn in Vienna, Edith Lederer at the United Nations and Jim Heintz in Stockholm contributed to this story.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Country music journalist, publicist and songwriter Hazel Smith has died. She was 83.
Her granddaughter Tara Bruchas said she died at a Nashville hospital on Sunday.
Smith is credited with coining the term "outlaw country" in the 1970s. She worked as a publicist for Kinky Friedman and worked out of Tompall Glaser's studio with artists like Waylon Jennings and Willie Nelson. And it was there she came up with the movement's moniker for artists who were bucking Music Row trends.
She wrote a regular popular column for "Country Music" magazine, as well as writing for other outlets, and had songs recorded by Tammy Wynette and Dr. Hook. She also worked with Ricky Skaggs and Sharon White and was the host of a CMT series "Southern Fried Flicks."
Brad Dalke's heart is right there, emblazoned in big red letters on the side of his golf bag. He carries it with him on his scorecard in his back pocket.
Boomer Sooner, practically since the day he was born.
Fresh off his clinching win for Oklahoma in last month's NCAA final, Dalke is playing in his first U.S. Open this week at Erin Hills. He is using his bag and scorecard from his sophomore season with the Sooners, proudly displaying a connection to his beloved school that runs deep into his family tree.
"With my whole family, I was just growing up being a Sooner. I just always wanted to play for OU," Dalke said, "and I'm just living a dream playing there."
Dalke's grandfather Ken Pryor played basketball and baseball for Oklahoma and made the winning shot against Texas in the national basketball semifinals in 1947. His mother, Kay, played on the Sooners' first intercollegiate women's golf team. His father, Bill, was a linebacker on Barry Switzer's first national championship team at the school in 1975.
For Brad Dalke, the youngest of seven siblings, there was never any doubt. At age 11, he started sending emails to Oklahoma golf coach Ryan Hybl about wanting to play for the Sooners. Hybl wasn't allowed to respond, but Dalke kept sending him emails.
Hybl eventually came out to watch Dalke play a few times. Dalke took an unofficial visit, Hybl offered him a spot and Dalke committed — when he was just 12 years old.
"You could just see, there's just certain kids that just have the 'it' factor," Hybl said Wednesday in a phone interview.
"He was already a big kid so I already knew kind of what his body was going to somewhat look like," Hybl continued. "He had already kind of matured into his body as a 12-year-old. His game was big-time then, and of course, we were taking a chance, but he was, too."
It already has worked out quite well for everyone involved. Dalke's 2-and-1 win against Oregon's Sulman Raza on May 31 wrapped up Oklahoma's second NCAA golf championship.
"To be able to make that last putt, it's cool. It's a memory I'll always have," Dalke said.
He is hoping for more big putts this week in his second major. Dalke lost to Curtis Luck 6 and 4 in the U.S. Amateur final last summer, but the runner-up finish got him a spot in the Masters and U.S. Open.
The 19-year-old Dalke, who played Augusta National with his dad in 2014, missed the cut at the Masters, but he thinks the experience will help him at Erin Hills.
"This week, I kind of know what to expect, just off the course, you know, getting registered, getting practice rounds with some of the pros out here, stuff like that," he said. "I'm a little more comfortable with that. But it's still the U.S. Open. It's still a huge tournament and I'm just excited to be out here, excited to compete with these guys and I think I can do well."
Dalke already has one major win against one of the top golfers in the world.
Dalke was at a prestigious junior tournament two years ago when a friend encouraged him to challenge Rory McIlroy to an arm-wrestling match. McIlroy, who was No. 1 at the time, was a special guest at a Nike event at Sage Valley in South Carolina.
Dalke was sure McIlroy would turn him down. But McIlroy accepted and Dalke won.
"He's a great guy," said Dalke, who talked to McIlroy about the arm-wrestling match at the Masters, and saw him again last weekend at Erin Hills. "He's awesome. A lot of these guys out here are really good guys, and he is, he's one of them."
———
Jay Cohen can be reached at http://www.twitter.com/jcohenap
EDMONTON — Alberta is proposing changes to financial trusts to further assist people with disabilities.
Social Services Minister Irfan Sabir says new legislation would exempt assets in trusts when determining whether someone was eligible for funds under the Assured Income for the Severely Handicapped program.
Trusts are estate planning tools that help provide ongoing care and financial help for people with disabilities.
The bill does not propose changes to how trust income would be treated under the program.
Income from a trust could still reduce how much a person was eligible to receive.
Sabir says the intent is to give peace of mind to those with disabilities and to family members trying to help them through trusts.
“AISH benefits help people with their daily needs and provide resources necessary to let them live as independently as possible ” Sabir told a news conference Monday.
“Albertans with disabilities and their families will be better able to plan for their children's future.”
BELTON, Texas — Markeith Miller ran for 139 yards and a touchdown as Mary Hardin-Baylor scored 21 first-quarter points and beat Brockport State 24-0 in a Division III semifinal on Saturday.
The defending National Champion and top-seeded Crusaders (14-0) will face No. 2 seed Mount Union (14-0) on Friday in the Amos Alonzo Stagg Bowl in Salem, Virginia. Mount Union, which rallied to beat UW Oshkosh 43-40 in Saturday's other semifinal, won the championship in 2015.
Carl Robinson threw for 161 yards and a touchdown, and Byron Proctor ran for a 1-yard score for Mary Hardin-Baylor. Miller surpassed 1,000 yards rushing for the season and pushed his career total to 2,604 yards, the sixth player in program history to surpass 2,500 career yards rushing.
Joe Germinerio was 31 of 53 for 196 yards passing with two interceptions for Brockport (13-1), which advanced to its first semifinal.
Kris Brown intercepted Germinerio's pass on the second play from scrimmage and ran 22 yards to the Brockport 15. Miller ran in for a 2-yard score two plays later.
On the next series, Germinerio led a 14-play drive to the Crusaders 28, but the drive stalled on two straight incomplete passes. Mary Hardin-Baylor marched it right back, and capped the scoring drive when Proctor bullied in on fourth-and-goal.
The Crusader's Jordan Millar forced a Justin Morrison fumble to set up Robinson's 29-yard touchdown pass to T.J. Josey, and the Crusaders led 21-0 with 3:16 left in the opening quarter.
John Mowery kicked a 25-yard field goal late in the third quarter.
NEW YORK — Guillermo del Toro's Cold War-era, Canadian-shot fairytale “The Shape of Water” swam away with a leading seven Golden Globe nominations Monday, while the Canadian-directed HBO drama “Big Little Lies” led the television categories with six nods.
In what's being viewed as a wide-open Oscar race so far, several films followed closely behind “The Shape of Water,” including Steven Spielberg's Pentagon Papers drama “The Post,” with six nominations, including the best actress for Meryl Streep and best actor for Tom Hanks. Martin McDonagh's revenge drama “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri” also got a major boost in the nominations announced Monday in Beverly Hills, California, with six nods, including the best actress for Frances McDormand and supporting actor for Sam Rockwell.
But as the most prominent platform yet in Hollywood's awards season to confront the post-Harvey Weinstein landscape, the Globes also enthusiastically supported Ridley Scott's J. Paul Getty drama “All the Money in the World.” Acclaimed Canadian actor Christopher Plummer, who replaced Kevin Spacey in the film just last month, was nominated for best supporting actor. Scott was also nominated for best director and Michelle Williams for best actress.
A rough cut of the film was screened for the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, which puts on the Globes. Scott is quickly reediting the movie to eradicate Spacey, who has been accused of sexual misconduct by numerous men.
“It must have been a herculean effort, because Christopher Plummer is all the way through the movie,” said Meher Tatna, president of the press association. “He really pulled off the impossible.”
Notably left out were frequent Globes-nominees “House of Cards” and “Transparent,” two of the TV shows affected by the cascading fallout of sexual harassment allegations in the wake of Harvey Weinstein's ouster. As usual, the nominations were partly announced on NBC's “Today” show, where Matt Lauer was recent fired following allegations of sexual misconduct.
The nominees for best picture drama are: the tender young romance “Call Me By Your Name,” Christopher Nolan's World War II epic “Dunkirk,” “The Post,” “The Shape of Water” and “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.”
“The Shape of Water” was shot in Toronto and Hamilton.
The nominees for best picture comedy or musical are: James Franco's “The Disaster Artist,” Jordan Peele's horror sensation “Get Out,” Greta Gerwig's coming-of-age tale “Lady Bird,” the upcoming musical “The Greatest Showman,” and the Tonya Harding comic-drama “I, Tonya.”
Despite considerable backlash, “Get Out” ended up on the comedy side of the Globes after being submitted that way by Universal Pictures. Peele himself slyly commented on the controversy, calling his social critique of latent racism “a documentary.” The Globes passed over Peele's script, but newcomer Daniel Kaluuya was nominated for best actor in a comedy.
Though some predicted and feared an acting field lacking diversity, the nominees were fairly inclusive. Denzel Washington (“Roman J. Israel, Esq.”), Mary J. Blige (“Mudbound”), Hong Chau (“Downsizing”) and Octavia Spencer (“The Shape of Water”) were among the 30 film acting nominees.
But the best director category remained all-male, as it has for most Globes and Academy Awards history. Many had thought this year might be different due to directors like Gerwig, Patty Jenkins (“Wonder Woman”) and Dee Rees (“Mudbound”). But the nominees were: Spielberg, del Toro, Nolan, McDonagh and Scott.
The morning's biggest surprise, aside from the success of “All the Money in the World,” might have been the omission of the romantic comedy “The Big Sick,” penned by real-life couple Kumail Nanjiani and Emily V. Gordon. Another Oscar underdog, “The Florida Project,” emerged with only one nomination, for Willem Dafoe's supporting performance as the manager of a low-rent motel.
In the television categories, the Emmy-winning “Big Little Lies,” which is directed by Montreal's Jean-Marc Vallee, earned a number of acting nods (Nicole Kidman, Reese Witherspoon, Shailene Woodley, Alexander Skarsgard) as well as best limited series. (HBO recently announced a second season for “Big Little Lies,” which will change its category in other awards shows.)
Other nominees with Canadian connections include Toronto-born “Will and Grace” star Eric McCormack for best actor in a musical or comedy series, the Canadian co-production “The Breadwinner” for best animated film and the Alberta-shot series “Fargo” for TV's best limited series or motion picture. “The Handmaid's Tale,” based on Canadian author Margaret Atwood's acclaimed novel, also received several nominations, including the best television drama.
FX's Bette Davis and Joan Crawford chronicle “Feud: Bette and Joan” landed four nominations, including nods for Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon. Amazon's just-debuted “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel” scored two nods, including the best comedy series. Also with multiple nominations were Netflix's “Stranger Things,” and NBC's “This Is Us.”
Gary Oldman, nominated for best actor for his Winston Churchill in “Darkest Hour,” said the scandals have cast an unusual pall over the season, where Weinstein was for decades a dominating force.
“How should we celebrate? Well, I don't think any of it's funny, so I guess that people will stay away from it in the ceremony,” said Oldman by phone Monday. “It's evolution, and it's good that we sort of start to check ourselves about what we do and what we say and how we do it and how we say it to people, so I think it's ultimately a good thing. But I can't see too much of this coming up in (the show), up there on the platform, as it were, on the podium. It's not something to joke about, I don't think.”
The nominees were announced from Beverly Hills after still-burning fires ravaged Southern California for the past week. The Thomas Fire has destroyed some 790 structures and forced thousands to evacuate their homes, with the blazes even entering the nearby neighbourhood of Bel Air.
The Globes haven't traditionally predicted the Oscars, but they did last January. The Globes best-picture winners — “Moonlight” and “La La Land” — both ultimately ended up on the stage for the final award of the Oscars, with “Moonlight” emerging victorious only after the infamous envelope flub. The press association, which has worked in recent years to curtail its reputation for odd choices, is composed of approximately 90 freelance international journalists.
The last Globes broadcast, hosted by Jimmy Fallon, averaged 20 million viewers, an upswing of 8 per cent, according to Nielsen. This year, Fallon's NBC late-night partner, Seth Meyers, will host the January 7 ceremony.
No Cecil B. DeMille lifetime achievement recipient has yet been chosen. Last year's honoree, Streep, spoke forcefully against the then President-elect Donald Trump, shortly before his inauguration, leading him to criticize the actress as “overrated.” This year, she — along with Spielberg and Hanks — return with a pointed and timely drama, “The Post,” about the power of the press to counter lies emanating from the White House.
Said Streep in a statement: “I'm thrilled for the movie, for Steven and Tom, and for the incredible ensemble of actors who made this movie need its moment in history.”
——
Associated Press writers Lindsey Bahr and Sandy Cohen, and The Canadian Press contributed to this report
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
NEW ORLEANS — Jurors heard opening statements Monday in the trial of a man charged with first-degree murder in the 2015 shooting death of a New Orleans police officer.
Boys has pleaded not guilty and not guilty by reason of insanity in the death of Officer Daryle Holloway.
New Orleans news outlets report that defence attorney Billy Sothern told jurors Boys is mentally ill and has a history of mental illness.
Sothern said the defence would not dispute many facts the state will present throughout Boys' trial. He told the jury it will be up to them to determine not what happened, but why it happened.
In her opening, Assistant District Attorney Inga Petrovich said the evidence will make clear that the only just verdict is guilty as charged.
Holloway was shot to death while transporting Boys to jail in a police SUV. Police have said they believe Boys smuggled a gun into the vehicle.
Boys was declared competent to stand trial in November after state District Judge Karen Herman heard from two medical experts and said that Boys was trying to stall proceedings.
He had been scheduled for trial in October but brought an abrupt end to jury selection by smuggling feces into the courtroom and rubbing the excrement on his head and face.
The trial is expected to last a week. Jurors are expected to see video from Holloway's body camera, which captured his last moments.
How I got married, became born again in prison – Kemi Olunloyo
Nigeria's controversial US trained journalist, Kemi Olunloyo, has revealed how she got married in prison. Kemi was recently released from a Port Harcourt prison after spending 81 days in detention. Recall that the daughter of former governor of Oyo State, Victor Omololu Olunloyo, was remanded in prison for purportedly publishing materials believed to have defamed …
The post How I got married, became born again in prison – Kemi Olunloyo appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
This article was originally published on The Conversation, an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts. Disclosure information is available on the original site.
——
Authors: Jocelyn Downie, University Research Professor, Faculties of Law and Medicine, Dalhousie University and Jennifer Chandler, Professor of Law, University of Ottawa
More than 2,000 people have died with the help of a doctor since Canada's new medical assistance in dying law, Bill C-14, received royal assent on June 17, 2016.
This legislation has, however, come under sustained criticism for its ambiguity. When it was first introduced, concerns were immediately expressed about the eligibility criterion that “natural death has become reasonably foreseeable.”
This phrase “reasonably foreseeable” was deemed by many to be unfamiliar and unclear for physicians and their regulators. It has led to confusion and a variety of interpretations among providers and assessors of medical assistance in dying (MAiD).
Now the Nova Scotia College of Physicians and Surgeons has developed a statement that clarifies this criterion. This will remove a barrier to access to MAiD for some seriously ill patients in the province — such as, for example, a dialysis-dependent patient who decides to stop dialysis.
As researchers who have engaged with clinicians, lawyers and philosophers on the meaning and implementation of the legislation, we think this statement is a much-needed contribution to the care of individuals with grievous and irremediable conditions causing intolerable suffering.
We hope that the other provincial and territorial regulators of physicians, nurse practitioners and pharmacists will soon follow Nova Scotia's lead. Suffering individuals across Canada should not be blocked from accessing MAiD just because of confusion about the meaning of the legislation.
‘We will all die'
The definition of a “reasonably foreseeable” death has perplexed many patients, doctors and nurse practitioners.
“‘Reasonably foreseeable' does not have a medical meaning because it is reasonably foreseeable that we will all die,” cautioned Monica Branigan, chair of the Canadian Society of Palliative Care Physicians, as she testified before the House of Commons Standing Committee on Justice and Human Rights.
The requirement, “that natural death be reasonably foreseeable means nothing to us as physicians,” said Catherine Ferrier, President of the Physicians' Alliance Against Euthanasia.
Not surprisingly, as the legislation has been implemented in Canada since June 2016, there has been considerable variability in the interpretation of “reasonably foreseeable” by doctors and nurse practitioners.
Some appear to have interpreted it to mean “death expected within 12 months” or in the “near future.” Some have interpreted it to mean “anticipated survival of as much as 10 years.” Others have decided it does not require a prognosis as to any specific length of time.
Leadership from Nova Scotia
Fortunately, we are beginning to see leadership from the very groups who first sounded the alarm about the vagueness of this eligibility criterion — colleges of physicians and surgeons.
On Feb. 8, 2018, the Executive Committee of the Nova Scotia College of Physicians and Surgeons approved the following text for their Professional Standard Regarding Medical Assistance in Dying:
“The only court decision to date addressing ‘reasonably foreseeable' states that: natural death need not be imminent and that what is a reasonably foreseeable death is a person-specific medical question to be made without necessarily making, but not necessarily precluding, a prognosis of the remaining lifespan. In formulating an opinion, the physician need not opine about the specific length of time that the person requesting medical assistance in dying has remaining in his or her lifetime. (AB v. Canada 2017 ONSC 3759, para 79-80) Therefore, natural death will be reasonably foreseeable if a medical or nurse practitioner is of the opinion that a patient's natural death will be sufficiently soon or that the patient's cause of natural death has become predictable.”
The clear implication of this is that the MAiD provider and assessor need not form an opinion as to the anticipated survival time, when the cause of death can be predicted.
In other words, they must be able to predict either the when or the how of death — but do not have to be able to predict both.
Serving the public interest
According to this professional standard, a patient's natural death could have become reasonably foreseeable 20 years from death — for example, when a patient has a diagnosis of Huntington's disease.
Obviously, they will not meet all the eligibility criteria for MAiD on the day of diagnosis. For example, their decline in capability will not yet be advanced and their suffering not yet enduring and intolerable. But they will have an incurable condition and their natural death will have become reasonably foreseeable.
This also means that a patient's natural death could become reasonably foreseeable when potentially life-saving interventions are declined.
For example, when a paraplegic patient decides to refuse the skin care and changing of positions required to prevent bedsores and then antibiotics to treat the infections that will inevitably result. Or when a patient with multiple sclerosis refuses food and liquids.
For each of these people, the cause of natural death has become predictable.
With its recent statement, the Nova Scotia College of Physicians and Surgeons has made a significant contribution to the clarification of “reasonably foreseeable” (at least within the province).
In doing so, they are modelling the statutory mandate of regulators of health professionals to “serve and protect the public interest.”
——
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Disclosure information is available on the original site. Read the original article:
https://theconversation.com/can-we-die-the-seriously-ill-need-clarit https:/
Music of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: enewsgh.com
2017-01-02
The auditorium was full to capacity as fans of various artist trooped there to watch them perform
UK-based Ghanaian act Eugy Official crowned this year's edition of MUSE Africa's MUSE Live concert to a glorious climax has he dished out lovely performance to fans.
The concert also witnessed performances from MzVee, Haywaya, Feli Nuna, Edem, Joey B, Kwamz and Flava, Ko-jo Cue, Tee Phlow, Medikal, and Sister Derbie.
Eugy, because of what a magical year he's had, especially with Dance for Me (featuring Mr Eazi), has been tipped to win the award for best newcomer at VGMA 2016 scheduled to take place in coming months, or at least put up a strong fight.
The concert was also graced by such esteemed personnel as veteran dancehall act and High Grade Family frontman Samini, actor James Gardiner, and comedian DKB.
Hosted by Live FM's Antoine Mensah and Y FM's Ogee The MC, the successful event is set to see a return come next year.
YFM's Vision DJ, Mic Smith, and Nii Ayi Tagoe, entrusted with the turntables, successfully curated a dense party aerosphere.
Since launching in July, 2015, MUSE Africa has consistently been innovating and creating engaging urban music & lifestyle based content for its young targeted via the brand's television programming blocs on Viasat 1, JoyPrime & GhOne.
The brand currently has operations in Ghana, Tanzania & Rwanda.
BALTIMORE — A grand jury has indicted four Baltimore teenagers accused of killing a Maryland police officer who was crushed by a stolen Jeep on a suburban cul-de-sac, authorities announced Wednesday.
In a statement, the Baltimore County State's Attorney's office said the grand jury indictments are made up of first-degree murder and burglary charges.
Baltimore County officer Amy Caprio died May 21 while responding to a report of a suspicious vehicle in the suburb of Perry Hall. Police accused 16-year-old Dawnta Harris of running her down in the stolen car as she tried to apprehend him.
The state was formally supervising Harris, who was wearing an ankle bracelet pending sentencing for auto theft when he was arrested in Caprio's death.
Also facing murder charges are his three alleged accomplices. They were allegedly committing a burglary in a nearby home when Caprio was run down on the street.
Under the state's felony murder law, if someone is killed during a burglary, accomplices can also be prosecuted in the slaying. All four teenagers involved are now charged as adults and being held in an adult lockup.
Prosecutors allege Caprio's body camera recorded Harris accelerating the Jeep at the officer as she tried to apprehend him.
A defence lawyer for Harris, J. Wyndal Gordon, has argued that the state agency tasked with managing and treating youngsters like his client clearly dropped the ball.
“They let Amy Caprio down,” Gordon said recently.
In the days following the policewoman's killing, some authorities in Maryland blamed each other for having put Harris on home arrest while he awaited sentencing for auto theft.
Yerry Mina believes Colombia deserved to win their round of 16 ties against England, despite their elimination from the World Cup on penalties.
The Barcelona defender scored three times during the tournament, including a last minute equaliser against the Three Lions to send Tuesday's game into extra-time.
But the South Americans were eliminated in heartbreaking fashion for the second consecutive World Cup after an unlucky defeat to Brazil in 2014, and Mina said it was a massive disappointment to lose against England.
"It was a tremendous blow," he told Mundo Deportivo.
“We did not deserve to lose, we have done more than England and the pity is that we could not decide [the game] before the penalties.
“It is a blow for the whole group. I thank God because he allowed me to score another important goal for my country, and I really thought that in the extra time we could win.”
Mina, 23, signed for the Catalan giants from Palmeiras in January, but only appeared five times for them in the back half of the season.
His performances at the World Cup have caught the eye of several clubs; however, he claimed he would take some time out to consider his future.
“In my head, I'm going back to Barça,” he said.
“Now is not the time to talk about my future, but the World Cup has helped me reconnect and reaffirm myself as a footballer.”
Jose Mourinho felt Manchester United were denied a clear penalty in their 2-1 defeat to Manchester City and claimed the decision was the "crucial mistake" in Sunday's derby.
The Premier League leaders secured a 14th win in a row – a record for a single season in the English top flight – and an 11-point lead at the Premier League summit thanks to goals from David Silva and Nicolas Otamendi either side of a Marcus Rashford strike.
City dominated possession at Old Trafford and looked unlikely to allow United back into the game for a second time after Otamendi's winner, although there was a controversial incident with 11 minutes left when Ander Herrera was booked for diving after being clipped by the Argentine defender in the penalty area.
Mourinho believes that decision from referee Michael Oliver cost his side the match and pointed to a similar incident last season, when Claudio Bravo escaped punishment for a lunge on Wayne Rooney as City saw out a 2-1 victory.
The United boss told Sky Sports: "Clear penalty. I'm sorry for us, for Michael, I think he had a good game but it's a clear penalty. Don't you agree?
"The referee made a mistake, which can happen. Last season, we had a similar situation against Manchester City, who were winning 2-1 and Mr [Mark] Clattenburg didn't see the penalty of Bravo on Rooney.
"I'm sorry for Michael Oliver because he had a good performance.
"He is a human being, he tried his best, he was very committed to have a good match, which I think he had. But he made one mistake and it was the crucial mistake for the result of the match."
United had eight shots to City's 14 and managed just 35 per cent of the possession, but Mourinho was left angry at the way his side conceded twice after failing to clear their lines from set-pieces.
He did, however, credit the visitors for their approach as they ended United's 40-match unbeaten run at home, which stretched all the way back to the derby defeat last September.
Mourinho said: "They scored two very bad goals. They scored two goals that are quite unbelievable to concede and when you concede two goals like this, in a match of this dimension, you obviously feel bad because now you're all going to speak about what they do well, what they're good at, and in the end what they're good at, they were not good at, and they scored two goals out of nothing.
"We did good things, we did bad things. We have a complete dedication to the match, every player trying to do their best. We know they're very good in ball possession, very good at bringing their full-backs inside and they also had an extra man with the striker dropping back.
"Even if you try to press, it's really difficult to recover the ball, so credit to them for that quality they have in their principles of play."
The Planned Parenthood of Alabama clinic in Birmingham has a horrendous health inspection record and shut down, local pro-life advocates say. ( Submitted photo )
After a health inspection report for the Planned Parenthood facility in Birmingham, Ala., detailed 15 pages of violations, CEC For Life, a ministry of the Charismatic Episcopal Church, is calling for its immediate closure.
The group will hold a press conference at 11 a.m. EST outside the abortion facility to discuss its documented history of non-compliance with state regulations. The most recent health inspection documented dozens of violations, but among the most serious were:
failure by physicians to document fetal viability;
failure to document if patients viewed the ultrasound;
failure to provide patients being discharged with the name or number of the emergency physician, or a list of medications administered at the clinic; and
failure to properly sterilize surgical instruments.
While Planned Parenthood insists it must continue to be allowed to provide its "services" because the alternative would be detrimental to women's health, the reports from the Alabama Department of Health suggest otherwise. CEC for Life Director Fr. Terry Gensemer said that while the above list is merely a fraction of the deficiencies state inspectors have identified, they alone should warrant the facility's closure.
The September 2016 inspection report, however, is just one in a "long line of documentation demonstrating [the facility]'s complete disregard for regulations set in place to protect Alabama citizens."
"In 2010, this facility was placed on a year-long probation after failing to report cases of statutory rape," he said. "In 2012, it was sued for negligence when their abortionist performed a surgical abortion on a woman with an ectopic pregnancy, rendering her infertile. In 2014, its employees were caught selling abortifacients in the parking lot.
"How many chances will ADPH give this dangerous facility, and how many women will have to pay the price? This facility shows no regard for patients' lives or regulations of the state they wish to operate in. They should be shut down immediately, not given another free pass."
Leaders are readers! Subscribe now and get 3 magazines for the price of 1. Get Ministry Today, Charisma and SpiritLed Woman all for $24. YES - Sign me up!
3 Reasons Why you should read Life in the Spirit. 1) Get to know the Holy Spirit. 2) Learn to enter God's presence 3) Hear God's voice clearly! Click Here to draw closer to God!
-
See an error in this article? This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – $7.80 Is Key For ETH/USD?
Key Highlights ETH price made another attempt to break the $8.40 resistance area against the US Dollar, but failed. There is a bullish trend line formed on the hourly chart (data feed via SimpleFX) of ETH/USD, which is currently holding the downside move. The price need to stay above the $7.80 support area, else there … Continue reading Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – $7.80 Is Key For ETH/USD?
The post Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – $7.80 Is Key For ETH/USD? appeared first on NEWSBTC.
This post was syndicated from NEWSBTC. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON (AP) — Amid heightened tensions, President Trump recognizes North Korean defector in attendance at State of the Union.
Sudbury's Adam Mansfield will lead Suffolk this weekend for the first time since being officially appointed as the county's youngest captain.
The 25-year-old was confirmed as Suffolk's 22nd permanent skipper last September in succession to Sudbury team-mate Tom Huggins, who has taken on a coaching role with Essex CCC.
Wicket-keeper Mansfield takes charge of the team for the county's opening Unicorns Trophy one-day match against Hertfordshire on Sunday, April 23.
Suffolk have named a 12-man squad for the 50 overs-a-side fixture at North Mymms Cricket Club (11am).
Mansfield's Sudbury team-mates Darren Batch and Ben Parker, who has joined the club this season from Hadleigh, are also included in the squad.
Ex-Essex batsman Jaik Mickleburgh, who will be playing as Suffolk's professional this season, is poised to make his debut.
Darren Ironside, an all-rounder who plays for Essex League side Buckhurst Hill, is also included for the first time.
Suffolk squad: Darren Batch (Sudbury), Martyn Cull (Copdock & OI), Michael Comber (Frinton), Darren Ironside (Buckhurst Hill), Adam Mansfield (Sudbury), Dominic Manthorpe (Bury St Edmunds), Jaik Mickleburgh (Copdock & OI), Ben Parker (Sudbury), Tom Rash (Copdock & OI), Matt Salisbury, Jake Wakelin (Sudbury) and Matt Wareing (Copdock & OI).
Fayose hails Saraki's CCT triumph, Says; “I predicted it and it came to pass”
Ekiti State Governor, Mr Ayodele Fayose has hailed the triumph of the Senate President, Bukola Saraki at the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT) as another victory of Nigerians over tyranny, saying; “I am happy that I predicted that the CCT will absolve the Senate President in my 2017 predictions and it has come to pass.” […]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
We have all seen the Pinterest posts of girls being fashionable in NYC in the winter with their fur vests and thin long sleeve shirts, but when it is -5 degrees outside that isn't going to cut it. Sometimes as a whole we need to suck it up and realize that sometimes staying warm is the most important aspect of our daily outfit versus if it coordinates or not, but I am not one of those people. My entire life I have lived in a warm weather climate so being “cold” was never a thought in my mind. I have struggled with this idea of “heat” and “warmth” throughout winter so far and have decided to challenge mother nature to a duel.
My Winter Style Tips
Layer
Layering is one of the most beautiful, man-made creations on this planet. When you don't know which shirt to wear out of your three favorites you can dimple just wear them all. Layering is key when it is cold, you must have a thin layer tucked into whatever bottoms you are wearing. I don't care if it is literally a piece of fabric, this will shield you from the cold. I don't know how it is physically possible for the wind to get through my coat, sweater, and T-shirt, but it does- it just does. Wear the thin layer it will save you from frost bite. Next, by just mixing it up with longer and shorter shirts you can add depth to an outfit that would have originally been leggings with a sweater.
Thick Socks Are Your Friends
As Bruce from Finding Nemo once said, “Fish are friends and not food.” Use this mentality with your thick socks. No one likes having layers of fabric on their feet, it just feels weird. Wool socks, however, will become your lifeline. We are let one little piggy run all the way home, lets not let one fall off from frost bite. I usually will bunch up my socks on top of my Timberlands or any booties I wear.
You're going to have hat head, just accept it
Good hair days in winter do not exist. If you don't wear a hat, your ears freeze and if you do wear a hat you head is flatter than paper. How can we, as a whole, combat this issue? I like to keep a hair elastic on my wrist so when I get in a building, if I can't keep the hat on my head because It's either bothering me or just too warm I can throw my hair up in either a high ponytail or messy “model off duty” bun. (We can't all look like the models in the magazines, am I right?) Hats, despite their frustrating after effects, are essentially to surviving the cold and looking good in it. Match your scarf to your hat, color coordinate, I don't mind, but you'll be thankful that your neck and ears aren't turning blue from lack of circulation.
All in all, the winter is about experimenting with your clothes. Its the perfect time to, you have a heavy coat that if you try something out that doesn't work you can throw on and if you're wearing something that does work you can flaunt it all day. I refuse to accept the fact that since it is cold outside my wardrobe has to consist of just groutfits. (Although sometimes it is nice rolling into my morning classes in them 😉 ) I challenged mother nature to force me outside of my clothing comfort zone, will you?
Roseanne Barr keeps tweeting despite her promises yesterday to leave Twitter.
Tweeted Barr on Wednesday afternoon: “I'm not a racist, I never was & I never will be. One stupid joke in a lifetime of fighting 4 civil rights 4 all minorities, against networks, studios, at the expense of my nervous system/family/wealth will NEVER b taken from me.”
I'm not a racist, I never was & I never will be. One stupid joke in a lifetime of fighting 4 civil rights 4 all minorities, against networks, studios, at the expense of my nervous system/family/wealth will NEVER b taken from me. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
She later added: “you guys make me feel like fighting back. I will examine all of my options carefully and get back to U.”
you guys make me feel like fighting back. I will examine all of my options carefully and get back to U. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
In related news, producers may not have given up on the show just yet and are mulling various ways to salvage the contracts of the program's other actors, EW reports: “Here's the challenge, though: Roseanne was created by Roseanne Barr. The characters were conceived by her and Matt Williams. If the sitcom were to continue without the matriarch, the actress would still benefit financially. So a key insider informs EW that discussions will continue today on whether it makes sense to keep the other actors but potentially design a new series around them”
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
KANSAS CITY, Kan. – When Sporting Kansas City brought Gerso in to play on the wing this year, the expectation was that he'd provide service to forward Dom Dwyer but also do some scoring himself to keep defenses honest around Sporting's star striker.
Halfway through June, Gerso has seven goals across all competitions – and finally has his first assist in a Sporting kit.
The Designated Player from Guinea-Bissau scored once himself and set up Dom Dwyer's goal in the 72nd minute of Wednesday night's 4-0 rout of Minnesota United in the fourth round of the Lamar Hunt US Open Cup.
“Finally,” Gerso said of notching his first assist. “I am so happy for that. So far this season has been the best season of my life, and I want to keep working to do the best I can.”
Gerso's first Open Cup goal, meanwhile, was a nifty bit of opportunism and positioning in first-half stoppge time. Daniel Salloi's shot smacked the woodwork and fell to Gerso, who worked himself free for a clean finish and a 2-0 lead.
“Maybe the way the team plays gives me more of the opportunity to score and also assist my teammates,” he said. “The way we work here is different than I used to work in Portugal.”
Manager Peter Vermes, who brought Gerso in from Portuguese side Os Belenenses in the offseason, demurred when asked if Wednesday night's performance typified his expectations for the winger.
“He's done very well thus far,” Vermes said. “I wouldn't say that it's just this game. His progression has been very good. I can say that about all the guys that we've added to the team.
“Probably the most important part is that they're great people, and adding really, really good people to the organization is part of our core values. When you add people like that, you're always going to have opportunities to find success in many different ways.”
Dwyer's goal was his sixth in Open Cup play for Sporting, giving him sole possession of the club career lead, and goalkeeper Tim Melia also set a club record with his fifth Open Cup victory. Both records fell in a match that saw Vermes go heavy on first-choice players in a round that often sees MLS sides go farther down the roster.
Only Salloi, who scored his first goal for Sporting in the 83rd minute in his first career start with the club, hadn't been in multiple starting lineups this season.
“I don't know why I wouldn't put the best group of guys out there I could to win the game,” said Vermes, who managed Sporting to Open Cup titles in 2012 and 2015. “That's what I did. I don't look at it as first-team guys. I don't look at it as second-team guys. I don't look at it as anything.
“This is a very important tournament. It's an opportunity for us to win a trophy, and we're going to do the best we can. We're going to play and try to win every game – and to do that, you've got to constantly put teams out there that can get the job done.”
Pop singer-songwriter Héloïse Letissier is taking her magnetic act, Christine and The Queens, on a tour across North America and Europe this fall. Letissier has been relatively quiet during the past year, so the new tour is a bit of a surprise. No word yet on whether new music will be announced in the period before the tour kicks of in October. Christine and The Queens will begin the tour in Europe before making their way to North America, traveling to Seattle, Brooklyn, and Toronto among other cities. Tickets for the performances started with a fan pre-sale earlier today and continue with a general sale on April 26th at 12 PM EST, available on their official website. See the full tour schedule below.
Christine and the Queens Tour:
Thu 10.11 – Luxembourg, LUX @ Rockhal
Fri 10.12 – Brussels, BE @ Forest National
Sat 10.13 – Amsterdam, NL @ Afas Live
Mon 10.15 – Berlin, GER @ Columbiahalle
Wed 10.17 – Stockholm, SE @ Nobelberget
Tue 10.23 – Seattle, WA @ The Showbox
Fri 10.26 – Oakland, CA @ Fox Theater
Sat 10.27 – Los Angeles, CA @ The Wiltern
Wed 10.31 – Brooklyn, NY @ Brooklyn Steel (sold out)
Thu 11.01 – Brooklyn, NY @ Brooklyn Steel
Fri 11.02 – Philadelphia, PA @ Union Transfer
Sun 11.04 – Washington, DC @ 9:30 Club
Mon 11.05 – Toronto, CAN @ The Danforth Music Hall
Sun 11.06 – Montreal, CAN @ Bell Square
Sat 11.17 – Bournemouth, UK @ BIC
Tue 11.20 – London, UK @ Eventim Apollo (sold out)
Wed 11.21 – London, UK @ Eventim Apollo
Fri 11.23 – Glasgow, UK @ Royal Concert Hall
Sat 11.24 – Edinburgh, UK @ Usher Hall
Mon 11.26 – Birmingham, UK @ 02 Academies
Tue 11.27 – Manchester, UK @ 02 Apollo
Fri 11.30 – Dublin, IRL @ RSD Main Hall
Tue 12.04 – Nantes, FR @ Zenith
Wed 12.05 – Bordeaux, FR @ Metropole Arena
Thu 12.06 – Montpellier, FR @ Zenith South
Tue 12.11 – Geneva, FR @ Arena
Wed 12.12 – Strasbourg, FR @ Zenith
Fri 12.14 – Lyon, FR @ Halle Tony Garnier
Sat 12.15 – Toulouse, FR @ Zenith
Tue 12.18 – Paris, FR @ AccorHotels Arena
WASHINGTON — Justin Trudeau says he pushed for an exemption on Canadian steel and aluminum imports to the United States during his phone call this week with Vice-President Mike Pence.
The prime minister says the government is pushing the U.S. on multiple economic fronts, including getting a deal on a renegotiated NAFTA.
President Donald Trump is threatening to slap potentially crippling steel and aluminium tariffs on Canada, Mexico and other countries when their exemptions are due to expire Friday.
That is on top of intense effort by Canada, the U.S. and Mexico to get a deal on a renegotiated North American Free Trade Agreement in time for the current iteration of the U.S. Congress, and ahead of what's expected to be a turning-point election in Mexico on July 1.
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland pushed the steel and NAFTA issues during her meeting Tuesday in Washington with Trump's trade czar Robert Lighthizer.
Freeland left Washington empty-handed earlier today, while Lighthizer and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross were off to Paris to talk tariffs with nervous European Union counterparts.
(AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais). President Donald Trump walks from Air Force One at JFK International Airport in New York, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. Trump is returning to his midtown Manhattan apartment for first time since taking office.
CORTLAND, Ohio (AP) - Ohio officials have granted a woman's request to have President Donald Trump's mysterious tweeted typo, "covfefe," on her license plate.
Brittany Scott tells The Columbus Dispatch in May she saw a Twitter post by Trump that read: "Despite the constant negative press covfefe."
The 29-year-old Cortland woman says she wrote in her application that her request stemmed from a tweet from the 45th president of the United States, and the Ohio Bureau of Motor Vehicles approved it.
Scott says she hasn't received any complaints online or from fellow motorists.
A bureau committee examines hundreds of applications each day for vanity plates, denying profane, obscene or sexually explicit ones. It also rejects those it determines could provoke violence or advocate lawlessness.
Cortland is about 64 miles (103 kilometers) southeast of Cleveland.
___
Information from: The Columbus Dispatch, http://www.dispatch.com
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEW YORK — St. Louis Blues centre Brayden Schenn was named the NHL's first star on Monday ahead of goalie and teammate Jake Allen and Philadelphia Flyers goaltender Brian Elliott.
Schenn led the NHL with six goals and an assist, including at least one goal in all four of his appearances this past week, to power the Blues (21-8-2) to four wins and the top of the Western Conference standings.
He earned his third career hat trick, including the winner, in a 4-3 victory over the Montreal Canadiens on Tuesday. Schenn then scored the winning goal in a 3-0 triumph against the Dallas Stars on Thursday and had a goal and an assist in a 6-1 victory over the Detroit Red Wings on Saturday.
Schenn closed out the week with another goal in a 3-2 overtime win against the Buffalo Sabres on Sunday.
Allen went 4-0-0 with a 1.50 goals-against average, .944 save percentage and one shutout to guide the Blues to their third four-game winning streak of the season.
Elliott posted a trio of victories — along with a 1.67 GAA and a .954 save percentage — to help the Flyers (11-11-7) bounce back from a 10-game skid (0-5-5) and complete a perfect road trip through Western Canada.
Nigerian system geared towards making people ill — Idris
By Gabriel Olawale
The Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Dr. Olajide Idris has stated that allocation of just five percent to the health sector in the face of series of health challenges confronting the country is evidence that the system is geared towards making Nigerians ill.
Speaking at the 25th Anniversary of Adcem Pharmaceuticals Limited, Idris, however, called on Social Enterprise to support the government, saying government can't solve everything and that everybody's input is required in the system.
“Healthcare finance is very essential because of under investment in the system and that is what we are trying to do in Lagos State but to set up Health Insurance Scheme is difficult, it is not something you can rush but we will start it this year.”
“The National Healthcare Insurance Scheme by law is voluntary but there is no where in the world where it's voluntary and sustainable. Our law in Lagos State is compulsory but people must understand how it will be operated so that we don't experience the problem that is encountered at national level.”
On his part, the keynote Speaker, Chairman, Diamond Bank Plc and Centre Director, First Bank of Nigeria Sustainability Centre, Lagos Business School for Health, Professor Chris Ogbechie recommended social enterprise in healthcare as the only way to guarantee quality and affordable healthcare for Nigerians.
“Even though we have recorded some progress in area of life expectancy and maternal mortality, we cannot ignore the reality that so many women still die during child birth annually and 1 million Nigerians die before age five due to neonatal causes such as malaria and pneumonia.
“Our country's health challenge seems so stagnant, discouraging and obviously the government cannot handle it alone which creates a gap that social enterprise needs to fill.
In the view of Clinical Director, St. Nicholas Hospital, Dr. Ebun Bamgboye, about 15,000 Nigerians have no access to treatment.
“Fourteen per cent of the population has one form of kidney failure or other and out of about 170 million Nigerians 17,000 people require dialysis every year of which less than 2,000 patient are on dialysis. So we have about 15,000 people dying because of lack of access to dialysis. This is one of the key areas where social enterprise like the one MTN came up with will make a difference so that many more of our citizens will have access to affordable and quality healthcare.”
Unveiling the new company logo to mark the anniversary, MD, Adcem Pharmaceutical Limited, Mr. Adeyemi Adewole said that for the past 25 years the company has delivered quality kidney disease equipment, consumables, drugs, vascular access products among others from a social impact perspective.
“As a profit making social enterprise, we are concerned with the availability and affordability of quality healthcare for all, especially those at the bottom of the pyramid.”
The post Nigerian system geared towards making people ill — Idris appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON (AP) — A new poll shows that most Americans think President Donald Trump has little to no respect for the country's democratic traditions.
The survey conducted by the Associated Press and the NORC Center for Public Affairs Research also found that more than 6 in 10 Americans disapprove of the job Trump is doing. Two-thirds of Americans, or 65 percent, think Trump doesn't have much respect for the country's democratic institutions and traditions, or has none at all.
One-third, or 34 percent, thinks he has a great deal or even a fair amount of respect for them. Overall, 64 percent disapprove and 35 percent approve of how Trump is handling the presidency.
Nearly all the interviews were conducted after former FBI Director James Comey's testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee last week.
By NOAH TRISTER
AP Sports Writer
DETROIT (AP) - The mother of a G League basketball player who died in March after collapsing on the court during a game has filed a lawsuit accusing the NBA and the Detroit Pistons of negligence.
Zeke Upshaw played for the Grand Rapids Drive, a G League affiliate of the Pistons. He collapsed during a game at Grand Rapids on March 24 and died two days later .
The lawsuit was filed Wednesday in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The NBA and Pistons are named as defendants, along with SSJ Group and The DeltaPlex Arena.
The lawsuit alleges that medical personnel at the game failed to attempt lifesaving measures in a timely fashion.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MONTGOMERY, Ala. — Alabama officials were ordered Wednesday to release information about the state's lethal injection procedure as a federal judge granted news organizations' request to unseal records in the wake of an aborted execution.
U.S. Judge Karon O. Bowdre ruled that the public has a “common law right of access to the sealed records relating to Alabama's lethal injection protocol.” However, Bowdre said the state can keep some information secret in the interest of security, such as the names of low-level prison employees involved in executions.
The judge ordered the state to tell her by June 7 if there is identifying information in any of the records that the court plans to make public.
Alabama for years has released scant details about its execution process or where it obtains the drugs used.
A spokesman for Alabama Attorney General Steve Marshall said the office is reviewing the order.
The Associated Press, The Montgomery Advertiser and the Alabama Media Group had filed a motion seeking the release of the protocol.
The motion was filed in federal court in a lawsuit brought by death row inmate Doyle Lee Hamm. Alabama halted Hamm's execution in February when the execution team could not connect an intravenous line to Hamm, who had damaged veins because of lymphoma, hepatitis and past drug use.
“It may also help the public to understand how the same scenario might be repeated or avoided under the protocol as it currently stands,” Bowdre wrote of the release of the information.
Ukraine International Airlines launched daily nonstop Kiev-Kherson Embraer E145 and E190 service.
Hong Kong Airlines and Asiana Airlines began codeshare flights on flights between Hong Kong and Seoul, South Korea.
Ural Airlines began twice-weekly year-round Sochi-Tel-Aviv Airbus A320 service.
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines will launch twice-weekly Amsterdam-Costa Rica Boeing 787-9 service Oct. 31.
India's Jet Airways and Virgin Atlantic will further expand their codeshare agreement. From April 19, Jet Airways' passengers traveling between India and the US can connect through London Heathrow on to nine US destinations operated by Virgin Atlantic—Atlanta, Boston, Newark, Washington Dulles, New York, Los Angeles, Miami, San Francisco and Seattle.
The statement issued by SP Aremu Adeniran, the deputy force public relations officer reads:
It would be recalled that working on actionable intelligence, the Kogi State Police Command personnel and Federal Special Anti-Robbery Squad trailed and arrested two suspects KABIRU SAIDU a.k.a OSAMA “31 YRS” and NUHU SALISU a.k.a SMALL “25 YRS” on the 19th January, 2018 at Ogojueje in Dekina Local Government Area of Kogi State.
During investigation, they confessed to the various criminal roles they played in the commission of several kidnappings and Armed Robbery in different towns across Kogi State and its environs for which they have been on the wanted list of the Police for more than two years now.
The gang leader KABIRU SAIDU a.k.a OSAMA revealed that he and his gang have been working as a Political Thug for one Alh. Mohammed Audu a Politician in the State and that Alh. Mohammed Audu invited him to Abuja and introduced him to Senator Dino Melaye and they met on Airport road, Abuja inside the Senator Dino Melaye's Car in the month of December, 2017.
He further revealed that Senator Dino Melaye handed over a bag containing one (1) AK47 rifle, two (2) Pump Action guns and the sum of four hundred and thirty thousand naira N430, 000.00 to share with his boys.
Consequent on this indictment on the Senator, The Nigeria Police Force, sent a letter of investigation activities/invitation dated and acknowledged on 2nd March, 2018 addressed to the Senate President, Federal Republic of Nigeria informing and requesting him to release Senator Dino Melaye to report to the Police on the 7th March, 2018 to answer to criminal offences of Conspiracy and Unlawful Possession of Prohibited Firearms levelled against him, and another separate letter was equally written in this regard, this was to enable the Police Investigation Team carryout a discreet and thorough investigation into the case. But Senator Dino Melaye refused to honour the Police invitations.
Sequel to his refusal to honour Police invitations, he was therefore watch listed through the Nigeria Police INTERPOL Office and in compliance to the INTERPOL's “Watch List”, the officers of the Nigerian Immigration Service intercepted and collected his International Passport from him at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja. While this was on, he snatched the Passport from the officers at the Airport and bolted away to his house.
In furtherance to this, the Police obtained a warrant of arrest and trailed him to his house at Maitama, Abuja and cordon off the place. He however surrendered himself to the Police this morning, 24th April, 2018 for investigation on the allegations against him.
The Nigeria Police Force will continue to sustain the Rule of Law and maintain Law and Order throughout the Country.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The big unknown when someone donates a kidney: The long-term health consequences. Now the U.S. is taking a step toward finally tracking how living donors fare over decades — just as candidates are getting some new cautions to consider.
Specialists insist the surgery seldom brings serious complications for the donor. What happens later in life is less certain.
British researchers reported Monday that living kidney donors are more likely to develop later kidney failure than non-donors — and female donors may experience a pregnancy complication, problematic high blood pressure
Overall, the chances of trouble still are pretty low, according to the analysis of international donor studies published in Annals of Internal Medicine. But there hasn't been enough research to advise donor candidates — especially younger ones — about who's really most at risk and if there are protective steps they could take.
"For those of us who counsel potential donors, there is reason for pessimism that we will soon be able to estimate individual risk with any precision," Drs. Peter Reese of the University of Pennsylvania and Emilio Poggio of the Cleveland Clinic wrote in an accompanying editorial.
Until there's better information, it might be safer to accept donations from middle-aged donors than younger ones, the duo proposed. For example, the best studies of how the remaining kidney functions have tracked donors for eight to 15 years, which "should not be particularly reassuring when advising a 25-year-old donor," they wrote.
Meanwhile, the United Network for Organ Sharing, which oversees the U.S. transplant system, has added the cautions in Monday's report to the risk information given to would-be donors.
And 10 transplant centers are about to pilot-test a new Living Donor Collective — an attempt to track donors' health for the remainder of their lives, instead of the mere two years of monitoring now required. The goal is to eventually expand to all U.S. transplant programs.
"The more we understand risk, and disclose it transparently, the more we're ensuring public trust," said Dr. Krista Lentine of Saint Louis University, one of the pilot sites, who also directs UNOS' living donor committee.
More than 95,000 people are on the national waiting list for a kidney. Of 19,848 transplants performed last year, 5,811 were thanks to living donors, according to UNOS. Living donations shorten the yearslong wait, and those transplants tend to last longer.
Surgery always brings risks, but donor deaths from the operation are rare — three deaths for every 10,000 donors, according to the most-cited estimate. About 8 percent of donors experience surgical complications such as bleeding or blood clots, according to another study.
What about later? University of Cambridge researchers examined dozens of international studies that tracked donors for varying lengths of time. Two concerns emerged:
—One study found for every 10,000 people tracked over 15 years, 31 living donors experienced kidney failure compared to four non-donors.
—Among post-donation pregnancies, high blood pressure known as preeclampsia occurred in 11 percent of donors in one study, about twice the rate of non-donors.
Lentine said such information can help would-be donors understand the need to avoid later damage to their remaining kidney — like developing high blood pressure or obesity. She points to a new online tool doctors can use to predict if a candidate's possible risk is OK for donation.
Far more follow-up still is needed, said Vicky Young, a psychology professor in Arizona who suffered painful nerve damage and chronic kidney disease after donating nearly 14 years ago. She doesn't regret donating, but as a former UNOS board member she pushed for better risk disclosure — nerve injuries now are on the list.
And Young, 64, still wonders about her kidney, "Will I deteriorate as I age?"
By Jeffrey L. Boney
(NNPA Newswire Contributor)
This November, all 435 seats in the United States House of Representatives and 35 of the 100 seats in the U.S. Senate will be up for grabs, making this one of the most crucial midterm elections in recent memory. Thirty-three of the 100 seats in the Senate will be regular elections, while the other two seats will be special elections, where the winner will serve a six-year term from January 3, 2019, to January 3, 2025.
If Democrats can successfully flip 23 Republican-held House seats, while holding on to all their current seats, they will take back the House in 2018. Things are a lot closer in the U.S. Senate; Democrats only have to successfully flip two Senate seats to take the Senate back.
Every major election cycle there are always discussions about turning battleground states that have traditionally been “red states” into “blue states.”
Here in the U.S., a state is referred to as a “red state” or “blue state” depending on the party that those voters in that state traditionally choose during elections. If the majority of voters consistently choose the Republican Party, then that state is deemed a “red state,” whereas if the majority of voters consistently choose the Democratic Party, it is considered a “blue state.”
For Democrats to turn traditional “red states” into “blue states” in November, they will need increased voter registration and strong voter turnout in the Black community to make that happen. Focusing on these two important factors could effectively flip battleground states like Texas, Nevada, Tennessee, Utah, Arizona, Mississippi, and others from ‘red states' to ‘blue states'. More importantly, there are 39 gubernatorial elections and many other local, county and statewide races that will also be impacted by this 2018 election.
While there are many U.S. House and Senate races that already have a clear-cut favorite before the race even begins, there are many other races in battleground states that could significantly change the overall look of Congress.
Take the state of Texas for example.
U.S. Congressman Beto O'Rourke (D-Texas) has become a formidable opponent in his extremely competitive race to unseat Republican incumbent U.S. Senator Ted Cruz in November. According to a recent Quinnipiac University poll that was conducted in mid-April, the Senate race shows O'Rourke trailing Cruz by only three percentage points, which is well within the margin of error. O'Rourke is also beating Cruz on the fundraising end, hauling in a reported $6.7 million in the first quarter of 2018 alone.
A win by O'Rourke would completely change the political dynamics in the state of Texas and would energize the Democratic Party in other states across the nation.
Currently, Republicans have control of both the House and Senate in the Texas state legislature, as well as control of all the statewide offices, making Texas one of the most influential and consistently dominating ‘red states' in the U.S.
The last time voters in the state of Texas got behind a Democratic candidate for president was back in 1976 when Jimmy Carter defeated Republican Gerald Ford. Since that time, Texas voters have overwhelmingly supported the Republican candidate for president.
The same thing has happened relative to the governorship in Texas and all other statewide races; Democratic Governor Ann Richards lost her bid for re-election against Republican George W. Bush in 1994. Prior to her loss, Democrats had controlled the governorship for all but eight out of 120 of the prior years. No Democrat has won the governorship since, and the other statewide races have experienced the same results.
The only way to change these outcomes in Texas and other battleground states is to properly engage and mobilize Black voters. The National Newspaper Publishers Association (NNPA), which is a trade group that represents over 200 Black-owned media companies across the U.S., recently launched an initiative to register 5 million new, Black voters before the midterm elections, with the hopes of turning many of these traditionally “red states” into “blue states” in November.
However, the Democratic Party must engage and motivate this strong and loyal voting bloc of Black voters to make this a reality as well.
According to the Pew Research Center, 87 percent of Black voters identify with the Democratic Party or lean Democratic, with Black women being the driving force behind this high percentage of Black registered voters.
In Texas, many statewide Democratic candidates failed to invest significant financial resources during the March Democratic Primary or the May run-off election with Black media outlets, such as newspapers, radio or cable stations such as BET, OWN or TV ONE, to introduce themselves to these committed Black voters and share their policy positions and commitments. Failing to invest in Black voter outreach could end up costing some Democratic candidates the election.
The Beto O'Rourke campaign did, however, just make a major commitment to Black media outlets in Harris County to do Black voter outreach across Harris County starting in mid-May and continuing through November. The campaign stated that they plan to invest more in Black media and expressly stated that they know they cannot win in Texas without the Black vote.
According to Carroll G. Robinson, an associate professor at Barbara Jordan-Mickey Leland School of Public Affairs at Texas Southern University and the former General Counsel of the Texas Democratic Party, in order to generate strong Black voter turnout and to increase awareness about the midterm elections in November, the Democratic Party and candidates like Beto O'Rourke are going to have to make a significant investment with Black media outlets to get their message out.
“Black voters, like many other voters, are going to need more than just being against Trump to turnout in record numbers in November,” Robinson said. “Black voters must know that their issues and concerns are being addressed and that they, their communities and the candidates of their choice are being respected, included and invested in.”
Jeffrey L. Boney serves as Associate Editor and is an award-winning journalist for the Houston Forward Times newspaper. Jeffrey has been a frequent contributor on “The Nancy Grace Show” and “Crime & Justice with Ashleigh Banfield.” Jeffrey is a radio personality and a dynamic, international speaker, experienced entrepreneur, business development strategist and Founder/CEO of the Texas Business Alliance. If you would like to request Jeffrey as a speaker, you can reach him at jboney1@forwardtimes.com. Follow Jeffrey on Twitter @realtalkjunkies.
Back in the 1960s and ‘70s, many dirt stock cars looked very similar to their counterparts on the highway. Fans loved that stock look at the time, and even today, there is a desire to bring it back to dirt racing.
The main reason it won't happen is an economic situation. Buying factory replacement parts with their curves and angles is really hard on the billfold. For that reason, Dirt Late Model sent to using square body designs. Should a car get hit, all that is required is to cut a piece off the roll of aluminum and rivet it in place.
That is now, but with this ‘70 Camaro-bodied machine, there is no doubt to its make and model. And with its classy looks is a record on the track just as classy. This particular car was driven in this configuration for two seasons, 1979 and 1980 on dirt by National Dirt Late Model Hall of Fame Inductee Bob Wearing Sr. During those two years, there were some three dozen wins.
The PA driver did well in his home state winning over three dozen races. In 1979, he won every late model race at Lernerville Speedway. It was also during that season that he ran a NASCAR Modified race and was nearly killed. That was it, and he returned to his beloved dirt late models for the rest of his career.
This car was the so-called Gen 4 model that was built by the top late model builder of the period, Ed Howe. There were a number of interesting features that the model carried. The car weighed about 2,800 pounds which is considerably more than the 2,400-pound dirt rockets of today. To maintain that factory look, the steel body carries a General Motors color and it's in stock condition including the molded-in rear deck spoiler. The stock appearing fiberglass front is an HRP Howe piece and the front fenders are fabricated in fiberglass.
It should be noted that this car would be shorter than many of the full-body cars it raced against, but it was required to have the same wheelbase. The chassis featured an X-frame underneath and a second one topside that reached from the rear of the roof to the rear bumper for added strength. The frame was fabricated by three-inch tubular cold steel bars. All of the cage used two-inch round stock.
The suspension was state-of-the-art and beyond for the time period. The front set-up featured advanced coil-over shocks which set the ride height. The more-conventional rear arrangement featured parallel leaf springs and standard gas shocks.
The engine was a 454 cubic inch Chevy big block with numerous aftermarket race parts and an estimated horsepower of 450-500. It carries a double-pumper Holley carburetor and a high-riser Edelbrock intake. Then, there's the 180 degree headers that come over the top of the engine and exit at the bottom of the right side of the car. The tranny is a Hurst-shifted three-speed hooked to a period Winters quick-change rear end.
The interior is a work-of-art with the open areas nicely covered with aluminum. The cage members were then fed through the pre-cut holes for that perfect look.
Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Victor Wanyama has returned to training.
The Kenya international took part in a portion of today's session at Hostpur Way with his team-mates.
You can see Wanyama in action today in the photo below.
.@VictorWanyama joined part of training today as he continues his rehab. 💪#COYS pic.twitter.com/YPegq74ksI — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) December 11, 2017
Wanyama has been out of action since August with a knee injury.
Having not played since the summer, the former Southampton and Celtic man no doubt had a shock to the system as he trained in the snow and freezing conditions.
Mason County Sheriff's Department
The Mason County Sheriff's Department reports the following arrests made Sept. 30 – Oct. 5: Richard D. Knopp, 35, Point Pleasant, battery, arrested by Deputy Ferrell. Josh P. Jeffers, 37, Hartford, aggravated DUI, failure to maintain control, leaving scene of an accident, arrested by Deputy Waugh. Craig M. Kearns, 35, Mason, possession with intent to deliver times four, manufacturing marijuana, arrested by Deputy Waugh. Darren K. Yonker, 36, Mason, possession with intent to deliver times four, manufacturing marijuana, arrested by Deputy Cavender. Caleb L. Davis, 22, Point Pleasant, petit larceny, arrested by Deputy Ferrell. Kevin D. Dixon, 48, Point Pleasant, violation of protective order, arrested by Cpt. B. Peterson. Danny C. Runion, 43, Point Pleasant, possession of controlled substance.
Mason County EMS
From Sept. 1 – 14, Mason County EMS was toned out a total of 233 times. Station 100 had 141 calls (60.5 percent), Station 200 had 47 calls (19.3 percent) and Station 500 had 45 calls (19.3 percent), this includes transports, emergencies and all others. There were total of 199 calls; 87 transports and 112 emergencies, including: 37 general medical, 12 altered mental status, 3 allergic reactions, 18 breathing problems, 1 cardiac arrest, 7 chest pains, 3 diabetic emergencies, 10 falls, 3 fractured body part, 4 head injury, 3 hemorrhage/laceration, 2 hypertension, 2 overdoses, 1 stroke/CVA, 1 stabbing/ gunshot wound, 2 tachycardia, 1 pregnancy/childbirth, 1 Psychiatric, 1 toe/ foot injury. There were 87 transports that break down as follows: 9 ALS transports, 76 BLS transports, 2 C3IFT.
There were 44 calls which resulted in not taking a patient anywhere: 5 ALS Assists, 1 BLS treatment, transported by ALS, 12 cancelled enroute, 5 no patient contact, 10 patients refused care, 8 treated then refused, 2 dead on scene transported, 1 lift assist to EMS crew.
There were 124 patients transported to the area hospitals, these include transports as well as emergencies: 70 to PVH, 16 to HMC-G, 5 to HMC-P, 13 to SMH, 13 to CHH, 1 OSU, 1 OSU EAST, 1 CAMC Memorial, 1 CAMC Teays, 1 Thomas, 2 Jackson General.
Submitted by Karen Jones on behalf of Mason County EMS.
http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2017/10/web1_3.18-PPR-Graphic-4.jpg
At the 7th International Internet of Things Expo in New York, I spoke on behalf of Cisco's education services and the IoT Talent Consortium about the people side of organizations' digital transformations. Here are my thoughts, summarized:
Digital disruption is happening all around us.
Most people think of the term “digital disruption” as a buzz word. But the truth is that it's much more. According to the Global Center for Digital Business Transformation, 40% of market incumbents will be replaced in the next 10 years. This means that almost half of businesses today will be replaced in the next 10 years. It's something we need to pay attention to now and get ahead of to survive in the digital era, Cisco included.
A new culture is necessary to embrace the IoT.
Read the entire article here, Embracing a New Culture for IoT
via the fine folks at Cisco Systems.
People are being warned about an online ticket vendor which is allegedly taking money from customers but failing to provide concert and festival tickets.
The National Fraud Intelligence Bureau has identified a number of complaints from people about the goticketsuk.com website and social media pages associated with it.
Victims have purchased tickets for concerts or festivals due to take place many months later. Upon purchase, they are told they will receive the tickets closer to the event date. However, as the date has drawn nearer and victims have tried to contact the website for an update, they have received responses to say there has been a delay or the tickets have had to be cancelled.
Some reports have also indicated that victims have been promised a refund, though the NFIB are currently unaware of any refunds being awarded. In these cases there appears to be a number of victims who were expecting to attend a Robbie Williams concert and there have also been some reports which have indicated fraudulent ticket purchases for The Demon Dayz Festival.
The NFIB is encouraging anyone who has purchased tickets or passes for upcoming events via goticketsuk.com to contact Action Fraud in the first instance, especially in cases where no correspondence has been received surrounding their purchase so that a report can be taken.
They are also offering the following advice:
- Only buy tickets from the venue's box office, the promoter, an official agent or a well-known and reputable ticket exchange site
- Be wary of purchasing tickets from a third party (for example via an online auction or social media platform). It is not recommended to transfer money directly into any seller's bank account; use a secure payment site such as PayPal.
- Paying for your tickets by credit card will offer increased protection over other payments methods, such as debit card, cash, or money transfer services. - Avoid making payments through bank transfer or money transfer services, as the payment may not be recoverable.
If you have been affected by this, or any other type of fraud, report it to Action Fraud by visiting www.actionfraud.police.uk or by calling 0300 123 2040.
JUNEAU, Alaska — The company pursuing a copper and gold mine in southwest Alaska has unveiled plans for what it says will be a smaller, safer project, with plans to move into permitting later this year.
The Pebble Limited Partnership is attempting to reintroduce a project that for years has been the subject of fierce debate because of its location and potential effects on a major salmon fishery in Alaska's Bristol Bay region.
Under the Obama administration, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency proposed restrictions on development. Pebble sued, and the restrictions were never finalized.
As part of a settlement, the EPA under President Donald Trump pledged to initiate a process for withdrawing the proposed restrictions.
Critics of Pebble worry the project being pitched might only be a starting point.
WARREN, Ohio (WYTV) – The Trumbull County Sheriff's Office is making a big change in how it deals with drugs by replacing the commander of the county's task force.
Jeff Orr has been the commander of the Trumbull-Ashtabula Law Enforcement Task Force for 20 years.
Sheriff Paul Monroe said Orr's last day will May 1 and that his replacement will be announced soon.
As far as why, all Monroe would say was there were “philosophical differences” on how the task force should be run.
Orr questioned why more wasn't being done to investigate the 104 heroin deaths from last year.
He agreed there are “philosophical differences” between himself and Monroe, but said it's not about the two of them — it's about the opiate problem in Trumbull County.
Trump says Russia-probe memo proves bias; Dems say no
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump declassified a top-secret congressional memo Friday and suggested it proved the investigation of his presidential campaign and Russia was fatally flawed from the start. Democrats said the document did nothing to clear him or his campaign, and the FBI called the memo inaccurate and incomplete.
Butting heads just as they had before the memo's release, Trump and his critics stuck to the positions they had staked out in the weeks leading up to the hotly disputed release of the memo prepared by Republicans on the House intelligence committee. The memo makes their case — and Trump's — that politically motivated abuses in the early stages of the FBI's investigation made it worse than worthless.
The Democrats, having none of it, said the four-page memo merely cherry-picks Republican talking points in an effort to smear law enforcement and undercut the current federal investigation by special counsel Robert Mueller. Rep. Adam Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said the GOP document “mischaracterizes highly sensitive classified information” and its release “will do long-term damage to the intelligence community and our law enforcement agencies.”
The memo's central premise is that the FBI relied excessively on anti-Trump research funded by Democrats in seeking a warrant to monitor the communications of a Trump campaign associate and that federal authorities concealed the full details of who was paying for the information.
The disclosure of the document is extraordinary since it involves details about surveillance of Americans, national security information the government regards as among its most highly classified. Its release is likely to further escalate an intra-government conflict that has divided the White House and Trump's hand-picked law enforcement leaders.
——
What the GOP memo says (and doesn't say)
WASHINGTON (AP) — After more than a week of partisan bickering and social media-fueled buildup, the #releasethememo crowd got their wish.
President Donald Trump declassified it. The GOP majority of the House intelligence committee released it. And the public dissection of the four-page, GOP-authored document began.
Here are a few key takeaways:
——
WHAT'S THE GIST?
——
US stocks swoon, sending Dow down more than 650 points
U.S. stocks slumped Friday, and the market suffered its worst week in two years, as fears of inflation and disappointing quarterly results from technology and energy giants spooked investors. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped by more than 650 points.
Bond yields rose and contributed to the stock market swoon after the government reported that wages grew last month at the fastest pace in eight years. The Dow had its worst decline since June 2016, while the broader Standard & Poor's 500 index had its biggest one-day percentage drop since September 2016.
“We've enjoyed low interest rates for so long, we're having to deal with a little bit higher rates now, so the market is trying to figure out what that could mean for inflation,” said Darrell Cronk, head of the Wells Fargo Investment Institute.
The increase in bond yields hurts stocks in two ways: it makes it more expensive for companies to borrow money, and it also makes bonds more appealing to investors than riskier assets such as stocks.
Several major companies, including Exxon Mobil and Google's parent company, Alphabet, sank after reporting weak earnings. Apple fell on concerns about iPhone sales.
——
Hawaii man says he's devastated about sending missile alert
HONOLULU (AP) — A former Hawaii state worker who sent a false missile alert last month said Friday he's devastated about causing panic but was “100 per cent sure” at the time that the attack was real.
The man in his 50s spoke to reporters on the condition that he not be identified because he fears for his safety after receiving threats.
He says an on-duty call that came in on Jan. 13 didn't sound like a drill. However, state officials say other workers clearly heard the word “exercise” repeated several times.
“Immediately afterward, we find out it was a drill and I was devastated. I still feel very badly about it,” he said. “I felt sick afterward. It was like a body blow.”
He's had difficulty eating and sleeping since, he said: “It's been hell for me the last couple weeks.”
——
New twists in probe of Natalie Wood's mysterious 1981 death
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured for nearly four decades as the investigation has ebbed and flowed like the tides off a California island where her body was found floating on Thanksgiving weekend 1981.
Renewed interest came this week when the lead detective in the case said her widower, actor Robert Wagner, now 87, is considered a person of interest.
Here's a look at what's known about the death and the investigation over the years.
ALL ABOARD
The body of Wood, 43, was found off Catalina Island, a scenic getaway about 30 miles south of the Los Angeles-area coastline. The three-time Academy Award nominee who starred in “West Side Story” and “Rebel Without a Cause” couldn't swim. She was wearing a red down jacket and nightgown.
——
Victims' dad apologies after lunging at Nassar in courtroom
CHARLOTTE, Mich. (AP) — A distraught father seething over sexual abuse suffered by three daughters tried to attack former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom after a judge rejected his request to confront the “demon” in a locked room, a stunning rush that reflected the anguish felt by parents who trusted him with their children.
Randall Margraves was blocked by an attorney, tackled by sheriff's deputies and hauled out of court Friday. He later apologized, saying he had lost control. Eaton County Judge Janice Cunningham said there was “no way” she would fine him or send him to jail under her contempt-of-court powers.
“I don't know what it would be like to stand there as a father and know that three of your girls were injured physically and emotionally by somebody sitting in a courtroom. I can't imagine that,” the judge said.
Nonetheless, she added, it is “not acceptable that we combat assault with assault.”
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar, who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment. This case focuses on his work at Twistars, an elite gymnastics club southwest of Lansing.
——
Trump nuclear doctrine takes tougher stance on Russia
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration on Friday announced it will continue much of the Obama administration's nuclear weapons policy, but take a more aggressive stance toward Russia. It said Russia must be convinced it would face “unacceptably dire costs” if it were to threaten even a limited nuclear attack in Europe.
The sweeping review of U.S. nuclear policy does not call for any net increase in strategic nuclear weapons — a position that stands in contrast to President Donald Trump's statement, in a tweet shortly before he took office, that the U.S. “must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes.” In his State of the Union address Tuesday, he made no mention of expansion, though he said the arsenal must deter acts of aggression.
A 74-page report summarizing the review's findings calls North Korea a “clear and grave threat” to the U.S. and its allies. It asserts that any North Korean nuclear attack against the U.S. or its allies will result in “the end of that regime.”
It also cast China as a potential nuclear adversary, saying the U.S. arsenal is tailored to “prevent Beijing from mistakenly concluding” that it could gain advantage by using its nuclear weapons in Asia, or that “any use of nuclear weapons, however limited, is acceptable.”
The Pentagon-led review of the U.S. nuclear arsenal and the policies that govern it was ordered by Trump a year ago. In a written statement, Trump said U.S. strategy is designed to make use of nuclear weapons less likely. In an apparent reference to the threat of catastrophic cyberattack, he said the U.S. aims to strengthen deterrence of major attacks against the U.S. and its allies, including those that “may not come in the form of nuclear weapons.”
——
Arizona man who sold ammo to Las Vegas shooter is charged
CHANDLER, Ariz. (AP) — An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman who carried out the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history was charged Friday with manufacturing armour-piercing bullets, according to court documents.
Unfired armour-piercing bullets found inside the Las Vegas hotel room where Stephen Paddock launched the Oct. 1 attack had the fingerprints of ammunition dealer Douglas Haig, according to a criminal complaint filed in federal court in Phoenix. It says Haig didn't have a license to manufacture armour-piercing ammunition.
Haig has acknowledged selling 720 rounds of tracer ammunition to Paddock in the weeks before the shooting that killed 58 people. Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct.
The criminal charge involves another type of ammunition — armour-piercing bullets.
The documents don't say if any ammunition tied to Paddock was used in the attack. Las Vegas police wouldn't say whether armour-piercing bullets were used in the shooting but referred to a preliminary report saying some rifle magazines were loaded with armour-piercing ammunition.
——
Groundhog Day report: Flu's worsening shadow blanketing US
NEW YORK (AP) — It looks like Groundhog Day for the nation's flu report, too: It's gotten worse and there are weeks of suffering ahead.
The government's report out Friday showed the flu season continued to intensify last week.
One of every 14 visits to doctors and clinics were for fever, cough and other symptoms of the flu. That's the highest level since the swine flu pandemic in 2009. Last week, 42 states reported high patient traffic for the flu, up from 39.
Hospital stays because of the flu also increased.
Experts had thought this season might be bad, but its intensity has surprised most everyone.
——
Calls for change grow amid capitol sexual misconduct claims
An Arizona lawmaker who repeatedly harassed women has become the first since the swell of the #MeToo movement to get kicked out of office by colleagues but likely will not be the last to face repercussions amid intensifying scrutiny of sexual misconduct in state legislatures.
The heightened focus on harassment and misconduct has led to growing calls for change in a year that already has seen an unusually large number of women expressing interest in running for office.
“This conduct perpetuates the good-old-boys culture all too familiar to women in workplaces across the nation,” said Ohio state Rep. Teresa Fedor, one of several female Democratic lawmakers who called this week for the resignation of Republican Rep. Bill Seitz because of offence remarks. “Women and men deserve better, not more of the same tired excuses. It's time for a change.”
With his expulsion on Thursday, Arizona Rep. Don Shooter became the 15th state lawmaker to leave office since the start of 2017 (the others resigned) after being accused of sexual misconduct. About 20 others have faced lesser consequences, ranging from forced apologies to suspensions to the loss of powerful leadership posts, according to a state-by-state review by The Associated Press.
Sexual harassment investigations are ongoing against other state lawmakers, including in California, Hawaii, Kentucky and Oregon. On Friday, the Democratic leaders of the California Assembly and Senate released records that show four current lawmakers have faced such complaints since 2006, although none was formally disciplined. They include a 2017 allegation against a female lawmaker, Democratic Assemblywoman Autumn Burke, who later took responsibility for engaging in sexually charged banter.
RAMALLAH, Palestinian Territory — A senior Palestinian official has lashed out at President Donald Trump, saying “real estate men” can't resolve the Middle East conflict.
Tuesday's remarks by Saeb Erekat, a veteran peace negotiator, came as the White House is expected to unveil a long-awaited peace plan.
Erekat says the White House “should be run by great men, not real estate men,” and that the Israeli-Palestinian conflict “won't be solved by the tools of real estate men.”
Erekat also said the Palestinian Authority will continue its payments to the families of jailed or slain Palestinian militants, after Israel passed a law this week withholding millions in taxes it collects for the Palestinians which are allocated for that purpose.
The Israeli move deepened a budget crunch for the Palestinians, already hit by U.S. aid cuts.
Our columnist Andrew Ross Sorkin and his Times colleagues help you make sense of major business and policy headlines — and the power-brokers who shape them.
Sign Up Here
Lane Kiffin Out at Alabama, Steve Sarkisian Takes Over as O.C.
Head coach Nick Saban announced the decision Monday morning.
by Ivy Carter
TUSCALOOSA, Ala. (AP) – Lane Kiffin isn't sticking around to run Alabama's offense in the national championship game.
Crimson Tide coach Nick Saban said Monday that Kiffin will leave to focus on his new job as Florida Atlantic's head coach. Incoming offensive coordinator Steve Sarkisian will replace him for the Jan. 9 game against Clemson in Tampa, Florida.
Saban says he and Kiffin spoke following the semifinal game against Washington. He said with the time demands of handling both jobs, “we recognized that it is best for our players, and for Lane, that we allow him to turn his full attention to his new head coaching role at FAU.”
Kiffin says it “was a very difficult decision, but it's a decision made in the best interests of the program.”
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
5. A Plastic Ocean
A documentary in which journalist Craig Leeson goes in search of the elusive blue whale, but instead finds plastic waste in what should be a pristine ocean. With the help of free diver Tanya Streeter and a team of scientists and researchers, Leeson visits 20 locations around the world over four years to explore the state of our oceans and uncover the alarming effects of plastic pollution.
(Photo: Plastic Oceans) More
4. Sand Castle
A squad of U.S. soldiers tries to protect a village during the occupation of Iraq. Set in 2003, Sand Castle focuses on a young machine gunner, Matt Ocre, played by Nicholas Hoult. Ocre is a part of a platoon that must repair a broken water system in a dangerous village where they are not welcome. The film is based on the real-life experience of its writer, Chris Roessner.
(Photo: Netflix) More
3. Phantom
While on a covert mission, a veteran Soviet navy captain (Ed Harris) must stop a rogue KGB agent (David Duchovny) from starting a nuclear war between the U.S. and China. The film is loosely based on the mysterious sinking of the Soviet submarine K-129 in 1968.
(Photo: RCR Media Group) More
2. The Prestige
Set at the end of the 19th century, The Prestige sets rival stage musicians (Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale) against each other in a competitive one-upmanship in an attempt to create the greater stage illusion. The competition has tragic results. The film also stars rock legend David Bowie as Nikola Tesla.
Hugh Jackman and Scarlett Johansson in The Prestige, 2006. (Photo: Touchstone Pictures/courtesy Everett Collection) More
1. The Secret Life of Pets
A terrier named Max regularly invites his friends to hang out at his place when his owner is gone. But the quiet life Max has come to know and love is upended when his owner adopts a stray mutt, Duke, from the pound. The feud eventually leads to Max and Duke getting lost in New York City, where they must work together to find their way home. The film boasts an all-star cast of voices from the likes of Louis C.K., Kevin Hart, Eric Stonestreet, Ellie Kemper, Dana Carvey, and more.
The Secret Life of Pets. (Image: Illumination Entertainment) More
Check Out What to Stream: 3 Movies With Stellar Car Chases in Honor of ‘Fate of the Furious':
Read more from Yahoo Movies:
Tell us what you think! Hit us up on Twitter, Facebook, or Instagram, or leave your comments below.
Lithuania's largest airport at Vilnius is preparing to start a four-year makeover of its terminal building that will double its capacity.
Vilnius Airport, which in summer 2017 closed for 35 days to allow a major reconstruction of its runway, will start to modernize and expand its terminal building this month.
The terminal, which opened in 2007, has an annual design throughput of 9,500 passengers a day. In peak summer periods, this number can jump to as many as 15,000.
In 2017, the airport exceeded its annual design capacity of 3.5 million by 300,000 passengers. The new work, when completed, will allow the airport to handle 20,000 passengers daily, giving an annual capacity of around 7 million.
“After the reconstruction, passengers will be provided with a faster and a more convenient customer service as well as an expanded commercial area,” airport director Olaf Martens said. “The refurbished terminal will also provide better working conditions for our employees.”
The modernization process will start with the reconstruction of the sterile area, which will be completed by the end of 2018. Reconstruction of the apron and taxiway will be conducted together with the transformation of the airport's public traffic infrastructure until 2020. Finally, remaking the terminal's departure area will take place from 2019 to 2021.
Cost of the project is estimated at €60 million ($75 million).
Alan Dron alandron@adepteditorial.com
Diaper bags are permitted and are subject to search. (Source: UofL)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – New security measures have been implemented ahead of University of Louisville's football season.
The new security measures at Papa John's Cardinal Stadium include magnetic wanding at entry gates and restrictions on bags.
Each person can take in one small clutch purse, no larger than 6.5 x 4.5 inches, and one clear bag – either a one-gallon Ziploc baggie or a 12 x 6 x 12 tote.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Store employee arrested in alleged theft, sale of cell phones
+ Judges inspect textiles, antiques at Kentucky State Fair
+ Amazon issues recall on some solar eclipse glasses
Diaper bags are permitted and are subject to search. Exceptions will be granted to medical items and equipment that have been inspected.
Anyone with items that are not approved will be asked to put them in their vehicle.
Unopened bottles of water can no longer be brought into the stadium, but free cups of ice will be given out at concession stands.
Fans will have to empty their pockets before they are wanded by a guard.
Because of the new measures, gates will open two hours before kickoff. Fans are encouraged to enter the stadium early and can purchase beers throughout the stadium for the first hour.
Tobacco products, including electronic cigarettes and vaping, is strictly prohibited inside all UofL facilities, as well as within 50 feet of an exterior gate or entrance.
For more information, click here.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Music industry mourns the loss of rapper Lil Peep
Close Peep posted this picture to his Instagram a day before he passed, with the caption "i feel empty" Photo Credit: instagram.com/lilpeep Peep posted this picture to his Instagram a day before he passed, with the caption "i feel empty" Photo Credit: instagram.com/lilpeep
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
On November 15th, 2017, the music industry lost a key piece in the new age of “soundcloud rappers.” Gustav Ahr, better known as Lil Peep, unfortunately lost his lengthy battle with drug addiction, and overdosed while on tour in Tucson, Arizona. He was only 21. As soon as news of his death broke, it threw the music industry, and his cult following into a spiral, making the public reconsider the lifestyle this artist portray in their music.
Peep was known in the music industry for his lo-fi sound, and bringing “emo rap/hip-hop” back to the main stage. With his heavily tattooed body, painted nails, and eccentric style, Peep brought a flavor to the rap game that we have been missing. Jon Caramanica of the New York Times even went as far to define Peep as “the Kurt Cobain of lo-fi rap.”
His musical style was heavily influenced by his favorite artists, citing such as David Bowie, Frank Ocean, the Red Hot Chilli Peppers, Seshollowaterboyz, My Chemical Romance, and even Panic! at the Disco as his inspirations. His lyrics often talked about his struggles with depression, thoughts of suicide, his heavy dependency on drugs, such as xanax, ecstasy, and cocaine, alcohol abuse, and even witchcraft in some cases. Peep was an extremely troubled individual, and he used his music not only as an outlet, but also as a way to help others going through the same pain he was. This is apparent in the outpour of love and support his family and friends have received from fans around the world.
Peep left us with an extensive discography of four official mixtapes and one album. His first two projects, “Lil Peep Part One” and “Live Forever”, which were both released in 2015, got the attention of many individuals in the underground rap scene but didn't get him the fame he truly deserved. It wasn't until the his 3rd release, “Crybaby”, that Peep gained the notoriety he was striving for. This album featured his GothBoyClique members and catapulted he and his friends into internet stardom. With songs such as “White Tee”, “Yesterday”, and “Ghost Girl”, you can really hear the pain in Peep's voice as he gets out everything that has been troubling him over his short lifetime through his music.
His last, and only, album “Come Over When You're Sober Pt.1” follows this same theme as his earlier releases, detailing his struggles with drugs and alcohol, his crippling depression, and his love life. This album was released on August 15th, 2017, exactly three months before his untimely death. Although this release is only seven songs long, every track holds its weight, making this album his best drop so far. Unfortunately, this album did not chart when it was released, but after news of his death broke, it peaked at #38, giving Peep the credit he deserved for putting out such a solid body of work.
Although Lil Peep is no longer with us, his music, and his influence on the music industry will carry on. He will go down as one of the pioneers of this giant SoundCloud boom of artists we have been seeing the past couple years, and his legacy will live forever through his music. Hopefully his death will shed light on the way these artists are glorifying and abusing these drugs that will ultimately kill them.
A new trio of Top Gear presenters will be back on Sunday nights in March, the BBC has confirmed.
After a stalled start last year, the slimmed down line-up of Matt LeBlanc, Chris Harris and Rory Reid will be hitting the grid on Sunday 5th March at 8pm on BBC2 for the next series, as seen in the above publicity shot.
There is, of course, no place for Chris Evans, who stepped down last year saying he gave it his best shot but that his efforts were "not enough". However, the BBC has assured fans that racing legends Sabine Schmitz and Eddie Jordan will appear in one-off films as they did in the last series.
Already the BBC has sought to whet the appetites of the show's fans with a trailer featuring Matt LeBlanc rescuing a group of naked ramblers on the Isle of Man. It also featured fellow presenters Chris Harris and Rory Reid enduring an awkward BBC car insurance interview with a strict risk assessor.
LeBlanc tells the interviewer that there will be "no fire" on the second series of the rebooted show before The Stig emerges with flames coming from his sleeve.
The trailer is also interwoven with clips from the new series, including a moment when Reid is seen crashing his taxi in Kazakhstan and Harris drives a Ferrari FXX K in Daytona, Florida.
The departure of Evans left the show's producers in a race against time to make new episodes of the rebooted show.
As RadioTimes.com revealed last year, the BBC motoring programme initially committed to making up to 18 episodes in its first year, including two Christmas specials. So far only six have been shot and broadcast.
BATON ROUGE, La. — A Louisiana private investigator pleaded guilty on Monday to misusing Donald Trump's Social Security number in repeated attempts to access the president's federal tax information before his election last year.
Jordan Hamlett, 32, faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine following his guilty plea in federal court.
Authorities have said Hamlett failed in his attempts to get Trump's tax information through a U.S. Department of Education financial aid website.
Trump has refused to release his tax returns, bucking an American tradition honoured by every president since Jimmy Carter.
A court document accompanying Hamlett's plea agreement says he used Trump's Social Security number and other personal information to open an online application for federal student aid on Sept. 13, 2016. After obtaining a username and password, he tried to use an Internal Revenue Service data retrieval tool to obtain Trump's tax information, the document says.
“The defendant made six separate attempts to obtain the federal tax information from IRS servers, but he was unsuccessful,” says the document. It doesn't specify how much of Trump's tax information could have been retrieved with the online tool.
Hamlett, a Lafayette resident, was indicted in November 2016. His trial had been scheduled to start this week, but the judge originally assigned to the case died on Saturday after a brief illness. U.S. District Court Judge John deGravelles, who inherited the case, didn't immediately schedule Hamlett's sentencing hearing.
Defence attorney Michael Fiser had argued Hamlett didn't have any “intent to deceive” and simply tried “out of sheer curiosity” to discover whether Trump's tax information could be accessed through the government website.
After Hamlett's guilty plea, Fiser said his client “still has a long road ahead” as he awaits sentencing.
“We felt like, under the circumstances, it was time to accept full responsibility and move forward to get closure,” Fiser said.
Federal agents confronted Hamlett two weeks before last November's election and questioned him in a Baton Rouge hotel lobby. At the time, the agents didn't know if Hamlett had been successful, and they feared a public release of Trump's tax returns could influence the election, according to a transcript of court testimony earlier this year.
Treasury Department Special Agent Samuel Johnson testified in March that Hamlett immediately took credit for his “genius idea” to seek Trump's tax returns from the financial aid website.
Johnson noted that an internet hacking group calling itself Anonymous had targeted Trump.
“At that time, Anonymous had been established as people that have released some of President Trump's personal identifying information and things of that nature,” Johnson testified.
Federal prosecutors had asked Judge James Brady to bar Hamlett's lawyer from presenting a trial defence that that he was acting as a benevolent “white hat” hacker. Brady, a senior federal judge who died Saturday at a Baton Rouge hospital, ruled last month that Hamlett couldn't testify that he had a “good purpose” in attempting to test security flaws in the website.
Fiser said Hamlett had tried to call and notify the IRS about the flaws last September, on the same day he tried to electronically access Trump's tax records.
Fiser said Hamlett liked to test security systems for weaknesses in his spare time and would notify system administrators if he found a system vulnerable to a security breach. Hamlett once discovered a security flaw that allowed for public access to the Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office's “raw” reports on open investigations and exposed personal information about police officers.
“Hamlett tipped the sheriff's office to the flaw and was met with thanks and appreciation, not an arrest,” his attorney wrote in a recent court filing.
After his indictment, Hamlett was arrested again in August for allegedly violating conditions of his pretrial release. Prosecutors said he committed “numerous violations,” including hacking into email and social media accounts of a man at the request of the man's wife.
When your skin is brown, you get used to certain things even if you shouldn't have to. Still, slights from within your own family circle shouldn't have to be one of them. One couple checks in with Hey Daddy.
Hey, Daddy!
I am a third-generation Afghan American. My parents and I were born and raised here, and my grandparents immigrated here more than 50 years ago. My partner of man years is Caucasian. We are used to, if worried and disturbed, about the crazy, racist BS flying at us – not only from general Trump-loving fucksticks, but also from and Trump-loving fucksticks in his own family. Don't even get me started with the racists within our own gay community here in Atlanta.
Luckily, we're not close with any of the worst offenders. One aunt of his in particular never misses an opportunity to post anti-Muslim stuff on Facebook with ignorant assumptions and generalizations. I hid her from my feed months ago, and we craftily avoided a holiday reunion with his side of the family.
Then his birthday came.
She sent a cash gift, which she always has since he was a kid, along with a passive-aggressive sideways insult about me and whether “they” celebrate birthdays. I am now finally and officially done with this bitch.
Still, I don't want to cause unnecessary family drama either. Should I go on working around her with my mouth shut? Should I tell her off? Should I spend the money?
Not Even Playing Her Evil Ways
Dear NEPHEW:
This is one of those challenges that is pretty easy to figure out, but may be tougher to pull off. Extenuating circumstances can make it emotionally trying, as well as strategically difficult within the family.
Still, I'm with you on wanting to stop the madness. The pair of you gets enough wrongheaded crap from outside forces without having to put up with it in your own family. You shouldn't have to grin and bear it.
Start by realizing that it's not your place or worth your time to even try changing her and look at what you can do for you. You actually have options.
You could let the checks continue, and spend the money on something you can enjoy as a couple. If the money's too dirty to keep, you could either say nothing and donate it to the ACLU, or donate it and send her a Thank-you card letting her know exactly where the money went and why.
If you really find value in engaging this person further, send a sincere, polite message laying out the reasons you're offended and won't be around any more. If someone else in the family could be hurt by your absence or explanation to the aunt, tell that member of the family why you and yours will avoid events that the aunt attends and ask for their support.
The option you choose is entirely up to you, but don't base which one on her potential reaction or on that of other family members. Ask yourself, Which option creates consequences you can live with? Which one makes you feel that you were true to your best self?
Its fame did not guarantee the home's protection. Built in 1881, ten years before Grant Wood was born, it changed hands several times over the years, falling into disrepair after a long stretch of vacancy. Even after it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places, in 1974, a visitor during that decade was likely to remark with disappointment, “This is what Grant Wood got excited about?”
Photo
In 1991, its last owner, Carl Smith, donated the place to the historical society, which spent nearly $100,000 to restore it. The state continued to rent it out as a residence, to two different Eldon postmasters, a schoolteacher, and — from 2010 to 2014 — me.
I grew up just 15 miles from the American Gothic House and never knew of its existence until I returned to my birthplace for a visit in 2010. (Worse, I am embarrassed to admit, until that day I thought the painting was by Norman Rockwell.) I was headed east on Highway 34, when I saw the brown-and-white road sign designating a national monument — “American Gothic House, 6 Miles.” In a spontaneous move, I took the exit and followed signs through a maze of Eldon's threadbare streets, until finally, tucked back in a parklike setting on a sprawling grass lawn, there it was.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
I laughed when I saw it. It was exactly as Grant Wood had depicted it, his brush strokes capturing every last intricate detail of “the world's second most famous White House” — the front porch and its carved posts, the screen door, the vertical lines of its board and batten siding, the roof shingles, and, of course, the churchy window. In real life it was so much cuter than I expected. At 700 square feet, it was the ultimate Tiny House, like a beach cottage with a view of a cornfield instead of an ocean.
Photo
A visitor center with a museum and gift shop had been built next door in 2007, with construction funds raised in true rural Iowa fashion: by holding bake sales. I went inside and learned that the house was for rent. Upon hearing the rent was the same price I was paying for my storage unit in Portland, Ore., — $250 a month — I decided I wanted to live in this house, in the country, and I followed through on my fantasy.
As meticulously as Grant Wood portrayed the outside of the American Gothic House, I can, with great intimacy, describe every quirk of the inside. And the quirks are many.
Take the upstairs Gothic window, for starters, reaching nearly six feet from floor to ceiling. It is bolted shut, unlike the identical Gothic window on the back side of the house, which is hinged to allow the top half to fold down and then swing open in order to move furniture in and out. Even at 5 foot 5, I had to duck when climbing the stairs.
Photo
I eventually got used to being woken by laughter and high-beam headlights shining toward it in the middle of the night when travelers wanted a photo. Sometimes I would turn on the light and give them a scare — who would expect anyone to be living there?
By day, a steady stream of tourists came, posing for pictures (and peeking in the windows) dressed in the free costumes provided by the visitor center — calico smocks with cameos, overalls and black jackets, even the spectacles — and wielding pitchforks of all sizes. They brought their own props, which included a prized Harley-Davidson, a fleet of Stanley steam cars, and a herd of llamas. It was the centerpiece of a Klingon calendar shoot, a bare-chested rock band's album cover, a marriage proposal, a family reunion — a gamut of creativity daily.
Of the 15,000 visitors the house sees each year, a handful were bold enough to walk inside if I left the door unlocked. The hassles were the reason the rent was so low, and also the reason the lease had a special clause reminding its tenant to “always treat the public in a friendly manner.”
Photo
I was friendly, most of the time, especially during the summers when I ran the Pitchfork Pie Stand out of the living room. I also taught pie classes, which included a tour of the house. I pointed out the odd half-length bathtub in the sliver of a bathroom, an improvement from the original outhouse. I warned guests to watch out for the square nails poking up from the floorboards, the reason I kept a hammer at the ready.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Nails were the least of my worries. I was terrorized by tornado warnings, lightning strikes, clanking pipes and, worst of all, six-foot-long bull snakes living in its recesses (there were close encounters in the bathroom and the basement). They are nonvenomous, excellent mouse catchers, and they are illegal to kill in Iowa. If you can catch them.
But one can only live in a tourist attraction for so long. I moved on, to Los Angeles for six months and then traveled around the world for three, but my experience in Eldon had changed me.
Photo
While I would have loved to return to the American Gothic House, it is no longer rented as a private residence. (The good news is that it is finally open to the public, and can be rented for special events.) I did, however, return in 2015 to my native flyover state, where I once again live, only in an even more rural, mercifully private and snake-free farmhouse.
Grant Wood, known for his clever quotations, like, “All the really good ideas I ever had come to me while I was milking a cow,” also said, “I had to go to France to appreciate Iowa.”
Thanks to “American Gothic,” and that little white wooden farmhouse, I have never appreciated Iowa more.
Embedded in a dark corner of the collective psyche is writer Roxane Gay's horrific account of sexual assault, detailed in her essay “What We Hunger For.” The piece is included in Gay's bestselling Bad Feminist (2014), which turned the popular critic into a cultural icon. When Gay was 12 years old, she was led into the woods by her boyfriend, then raped by him and a dozen of his friends. She told no one of the brutal attack—not even her doting Haitian parents. Instead, she began to stuff herself with food.
“I knew exactly what I was doing,” says Gay, who teaches English at Purdue University in Indiana and has also written a novel and two short-story collections. “I just thought, ‘I am going to start to eat and I am going to get fat and I am going to be able to protect myself because boys don't like fat girls.' ” It's a subject she explores deeply in her new book, Hunger: A Memoir of (My) Body.
Today, Gay is a literary rock star with a passionate international following. Through Tumblr and especially Twitter, she maintains an active Internet presence. Her essays, which appear in places like The New York Times, Salon and The Guardian, dissect popular culture, race, feminism and gender—occasionally all at once. A brilliant editor, she has influenced scores of up-and-coming talents, including Saeed Jones and Ashley Ford. “An entire generation of writers will likely have Roxane to thank…” Ford says. “That's a real and true legacy.” Her varied and prolific output is also remarkable. “Roxane Gay has the range,” Jones, BuzzFeed's executive editor of culture, has said.
Still, Gay has made sexual violence her primary preoccupation as a writer. In her novel An Untamed State, kidnappers grab a woman outside her father's Haitian estate and subject her to weeks of depravity. Female characters in Difficult Women accept physical cruelty as a relationship norm. For Gay, it's about acknowledging the pervasiveness of sexual violence and its devastating impact on women.
“We are having more conversations about rape,” Gay says on the phone from California, where she lives part of the time. “But we are not seeing a lot of progress in terms of the justice system. And we are not seeing progress in terms of the rate. It is still one out of five women.”
In Hunger, Gay probes the connection between her sexual trauma and her weight. At six foot three, she has at times approached 600 pounds. Paradoxically, the flesh she accumulated for protection made her a prisoner of her body. Hunger demonstrates how Gay's weight exacerbated her innate loneliness and social awkwardness, how it intensified her deep desire to belong. “Hunger is about desire, yearning, nourishment and the lack thereof,” she says. “Hunger is always about need.”
The memoir also operates as a kind of manifesto in which Gay declares the obese a marginalized people. She exposes the disdain and discrimination they regularly face. In terms of style, it recalls Joan Didion's The Year of Magical Thinking, which mixes observation and outrage with grief. Says Gay: “I wrote Hunger because I was scared of tackling the history of my body and in that fear I knew was something worth exploring.”
Gay, now 42, was born into a well-to-do family in Omaha, Nebr. She has written that her childhood was happy, overflowing with love and support. When her parents discovered she liked to invent stories, they bought her a typewriter. They became utterly bewildered, however, as the teenage Gay began to aggressively gain weight. When she was on vacation from elite Phillips Exeter Academy in New Hampshire, they restricted her diet, and she would immediately drop several pounds. But as soon as she received a compliment about her figure, she would pile the weight back on.
At Yale, Gay—who had enrolled in pre-med—ran away with a man she met online. It was a relief to relinquish the role of well-adjusted daughter. It took her parents a year to track her down.
Hunger shows Gay stumbling toward wholeness (she's not there yet). The first time she teaches a class, she fears the students will ridicule her body. Out to dinner with friends, she is terrified the chair will crack beneath her. Her closet is filled with dreamy dresses she tries but fails to wear. She is afraid to express her femininity.
Pseudo-scientific diagnoses like “morbidly obese” infuriate Gay, as does the reality show My 600- lb Life. She despises the social imperative to control “unruly” female bodies. When it's suggested that Gay's success may shield her from the worst of it, she disagrees.
“People talk about my weight no matter what I accomplish. It hurts sometimes, the cruelty people demonstrate against me. People project all kinds of narratives onto my body. In writing the book I wanted to take control over that narrative.”
In Hunger, Gay tells a powerful, personal story about her struggle to accept herself and come to terms with the brutal aspects of her life. Many people would call her a survivor, but she prefers the term “victim.”
“I am not ashamed to use the word,” she says. “It's not the whole of who I am. But it is important to acknowledge that I've been through something. I am comfortable with acknowledging the thing that happened.”
Osun by-election: Adeleke's brother emerges PDP candidate
PEOPLE Democratic Party, PDP, has picked the younger brother of the first civilian governor of Osun State, Late Senator Isiaka Adeleke, Otunba Ademola Adeleke, as its flag bearer in the July 8, Osun West senatorial by-election. The Osun West senatorial seat became vacant at the National Assembly following the death of Senator Isiaka Adeleke on […]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The RSPCA is calling for stricter controls over air guns as it is revealed the charity received almost 30 related calls in Cheshire alone last year.
Britain's biggest animal welfare charity is giving the recommendation for mandatory licensing of air guns in England and Wales as part of a submission to the UK Government's current review of the regulation of air weapons following two serious incidents involving children.
They also received 4,500 calls over a five-year period about attacks on animals using such weapons - an average of 900 calls a year.
Now the charity wants to see England and Wales follow the lead of Scotland, where air gun owners and users have been required to have a licence since 1 January 2017.
Her Majesty's Senior Coroner for Suffolk, Dr Peter Dean, wrote to the Home Office requesting a review of legislation covering the use and manufacture of air weapons, following the death of a 13-year-old boy in May 2016 after he was accidentally shot with an air weapon.
David Bowles, RSPCA assistant director of external affairs, said: “The review around the regulation of air weapons is welcomed by the RSPCA and we hope our submission to the Government will help demonstrate the scale of calls to us every year and remind the Government it is important to protect animals as well as people.
“It is heartbreaking that such a tragic incident has sparked this review and our thoughts go out to Benjamin's family and friends, but we hope that any future regulation of these weapons in England and Wales will better protect people and animals."
He added: “The RSPCA has long been calling for stricter controls over air guns as well as better education and explanation of the law for those buying one. Our 24-hour cruelty hotline receives hundreds of calls every year reporting air gun attacks on animals.
“Animals can suffer horrendous injuries and often die as a result of air gun attacks and these weapons are potentially extremely dangerous for people as well.”
The RSPCA and British Association for Shooting & Conservation plan to stage a joint conference this spring to bring together key stakeholders from industry, the police, animal charities and more to try to identify the scale of the problem and find practical solutions.
The RSPCA has released a list of where the highest number of calls about air gun attacks were received from. The calls alleged attacks on 519 wild birds, 341 cats, 125 wild mammals and 111 dogs, amongst others.
1. West Midlands = 54
2. Kent = 51
3. Greater London = 49
4. Greater Manchester = 47
5. West Yorkshire = 46
6. Essex = 29
6. Nottinghamshire = 29
7. South Yorkshire = 28
8. Staffordshire = 27
9. Cheshire = 26
10. North Yorkshire = 24
The penalties faced if caught deliberately using an air gun to injure an animal can be up to six months in prison and/or an unlimited fine if found guilty under the Animal Welfare Act.
By STEVE BITTENBENDER
Associated Press
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) - Quentin Snider scored a season-high 17 points to lead Louisville past Bryant 102-59 in a Gotham Classic matchup on Monday night.
Snider entered the game shooting just 35.1 percent for the season and just 9 of 38 from beyond the 3-point arc. He found his stroke against the Bulldogs as he made 6 of 8 shots, including 4 of 6 3-pointers.
Deng Adel and Anas Mahmoud also scored 17 for the Cardinals (7-2), who shot a season-best 55.7 percent. Mahmoud matched a career high and scored all his points in the first half.
In losing their sixth straight, the Bulldogs (1-10) never led after the opening minute. Still, they managed to keep it close, and cut the Cardinals' advantage to 31-30 after Sabastian Townes' layup with 5:09 left in the first half.
Mahmoud's putback on Louisville's next possession started a 15-2 run and, from that point, it was all Cardinals. Louisville ended the half making their last eight shots to lead by 16 at the break.
Ikenna Ndugba led the Bulldogs with 17 points.
BIG PICTURE
Bryant: The Bulldogs, who played no one taller than 6-7, entered the game ranked No. 333 in the country in field goal percentage (39.7 percent). They had success early on against the much-taller Cardinals, making 12 of their first 21 shots to keep it close.
Louisville: The Cardinals, who played six players 6-7 or taller, eventually used their size to their advantage and notched their biggest margin of victory of the season. They enjoyed a 46-29 rebounding edge, blocked seven shots and outscored the Bulldogs 50-26 in the paint.
UP NEXT
Bryant: The Bulldogs conclude their portion of the Gotham Classic when they host Siena on Sunday. Louisville beat the Saints 86-60 last Wednesday.
Louisville: The Cardinals travel to New York for Saturday's Gotham Classic main event, where they will face Memphis at Madison Square Garden.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
CyberScoop reports that Colleen Kollar-Kotelly, US District Judge for the District of Columbia, rejected Kaspersky's claims that the bans were unconstitutional. Kaspersky argued that the NDAA inflicted an unconstitutional "punishment," but Judge Kollar-Kotelly disagreed. She said the act wasn't a punishment but instead, "eliminates a perceived risk to the nation's cybersecurity and, in so doing, has the secondary effect of foreclosing one small source of revenue for a large multinational corporation."
Further, because she dismissed the lawsuit against the NDAA, the suit against the Department of Homeland Security's order was rendered moot since the act would supercede any change to the order. "These defensive actions may very well have adverse consequences for some third-parties," she said in her opinion. "But that does not make them unconstitutional."
The NDAA's Kaspersky ban goes into effect on October 1st.
Update: Kaspersky Lab sent us the following statement about the ruling.
"Kaspersky Lab is disappointed with the court's decisions on its constitutional challenges to the US government prohibitions on the use of its products and services by federal agencies. We will vigorously pursue our appeal rights. Kaspersky Lab maintains that these actions were the product of unconstitutional agency and legislative processes and unfairly targeted the company without any meaningful fact finding. Given the lack of evidence of wrongdoing by the company and the imputation of malicious cyber activity by nation-states to a private company, these decisions have broad implications for the global technology community. Policy prohibiting the US government's use of Kaspersky Lab products and services actually undermines the government's expressed goal of protecting federal systems from the most serious cyber threats.
"We are fully transparent regarding our methods of work and through our Global Transparency Initiative, we invite concerned parties to review our various code bases, how we will create software updates and detection rules and how we will process customer data from North America and Europe, all verified by an independent third party.
"Kaspersky Lab strongly believes that open dialogue and cooperation can help all the parties to move forward and find the best ways to strengthen national and global cybersecurity policy and best practices. We believe that our expertise and threat intelligence makes the cyber world a safer place as we detect and neutralize all forms of advanced persistent threats, regardless of their origin or purpose."
GRAMBLING, La. — Ivy Smith Jr., scored 20 points and Devante Jackson added 15 points and Grambling held on to beat Southern 69-68 on Saturday in the Tigers' first home game since Jan. 15.
Smith missed 13 of 17 shots from field but made up for it shooting 12 of 15 from the foul line. Nigel Ribiero added 10 points for Grambling (11-12, 7-3 Southwestern Athletic).
With Grambling leading 69-66, Smith fouled Jared Sam with five seconds left after he converted a layup to reduce Southern's deficit to a point. But Sam missed the potential and-1 chance to tie it and time ran out.
Sam's layup gave Southern a 41-32 lead with 13:32 left. Grambling later went on an 8-0 run and Jackson tied it at 45 with a dunk. The teams traded leads before Jackson made two foul shots for a 61-60 lead that Grambling never gave up. Ribeiro made two fouls shots for a 69-66 lead with 15 second left.
Sam led Southern (9-14, 5-5) with 23 points on 7-of-10 shooting from the field and 9 of 11 from the free throw line and Aaron Ray scored 14.
In ITV's Victoria we see Jenna Coleman as a monarch who isn't too keen on getting pregnant again
When we meet Queen Victoria in series two, she has safely popped out her first kid and is protesting about being confined to the nursery – but it won't be very long until the monarch is pregnant again.
Advertisement
Daisy Goodwin's ITV drama is true to life. Despite her huge family, it seems the Queen was not all that keen on pregnancy or babies, and she did not take easily to motherhood. Babies were the unwelcome result of her active sex life with Albert, the “shadow side” of marriage – and a major distraction from the more important business of being queen.
How many children did Queen Victoria have?
Victoria and Albert's firstborn Princess Victoria (Vicky) was followed less than a year later by Prince Albert Edward (Bertie), and then by little Alice, Alfred, Helena, Louise, Arthur, Leopold and Beatrice.
That makes a grand total of nine, born between 1840 and 1857.
Unusually for the Victorian period, all of them survived into adulthood, although their youngest son Leopold suffered from haemophilia and died at the age of 30.
Did Queen Victoria resent her babies?
Modern writers have speculated that the queen may have suffered from postnatal depression after many of her pregnancies. She certainly struggled to bond with her children as newborns, and kept her distance from the babies in their early years.
Little Vicky was born nine months after the royal wedding. Queen Victoria saw her baby only twice a day, and certainly did not breastfeed. Within another year she had given birth to her male heir, Bertie, who would go on to become King Edward VII. After that she slowed down a little, but she still managed to have nine within 17 years.
Despite her many pregnancies, Victoria seems not to have liked babies very much. “Abstractedly, I have no tender for them till they have become a little human” she once wrote. “An ugly baby is a very nasty object – and the prettiest is frightful when undressed.” Later she wrote to her eldest daughter that she was “no admirer of babies generally” and had been repulsed by her sons Bertie and Leopold (“frightful”).
Aside from her feelings on babies, and the dangerous nature of giving birth in 19th century Britain, Victoria had other reasons to resent becoming pregnant.
Each pregnancy took her away from her duties as queen. While Albert was happy to step in and take over, Victoria did not like to be sidelined and this led to a power struggle within the marriage. As a female monarch she did not want pregnancy and motherhood to dominate her reign.
What were Victoria and Albert like as mother and father?
While Albert went for a hands-on approach as a father and took responsibility for the kids' upbringing, Victoria preferred to keep her distance and instead focus on her duties as a monarch – especially in the early years.
Albert's enthusiasm (and a lack of family planning) seems to have been the driving force behind creating this massive brood. But both Victoria and Albert wanted to create a model happy family to set a moral example across Europe, and they wanted their children to be intelligent and educated.
Albert devised a plan to create the perfect princes and princesses. In practice, this translated into a very strict, intense education with lots of harsh punishment and pressure. Life was all about Latin, Shakespeare, French, piano, German, maths, geography, science, obedience and discipline.
Eldest son Bertie did not take to this regime at all, and instead of the intelligent, erudite little replica of Prince Albert that everyone had hoped for, he was labelled a dunce and diagnosed with a feeble brain by a quack doctor who measured the size of his head. His parents despaired. He was obstinate, stubborn and threw tantrums; as a young man he was reported to have been found with the actress Nellie Clifton in his bed. And when Albert died at the age of 42 after visiting Bertie to give him a good telling off, Victoria blamed her eldest son. She never forgave him.
While she was distant from her offspring when they were babies, she seems to have become more involved in their lives as they became adults. With Albert's untimely death, she was now a single mother to nine children – the oldest an adult, the youngest just four years old.
For the rest of her time on the throne, Victoria was a central presence in the lives of her children and grandchildren, as they married into royal families across Europe.
Did Victoria hate her children?
A picture emerges of a mother who was often disappointed in her children, and who was at times controlling and frustrated. She monitored the menstrual cycle of her son's wife, she tried to keep sickly son Leopold wrapped in cotton wool, she was furious when her youngest daughter decided to get married instead of devoting her life to looking after mum.
But despite all this, it is clear that she did love her children very much.
When Vicky married, mother and daughter wrote each other great piles of letters (8,000 survive), sharing their advice and confessions and observations. And while she had a tempestuous relationship with Bertie, she maintained good relations with most of her children (and grandchildren) for much of her life. In lesser-known correspondence she wrote of her love for her children, and she shared her fear of losing them to an early death.
Advertisement
Perhaps we only remember her as unloving because she wrote so honestly in her diaries and private letters, or because her correspondence was edited by men to leave all the icky feminine womanly stuff out.
Transcript for Trump family hosts its 1st White House Easter Egg Roll
I've economy BC's captured spotters think you for joining us on FaceBook live ABC news politics they abcnews.com. We're here at 139. Anniversary of the White House Easter raw you can see behind me the White House in the background were in a lovely frame here we have. Many families excited families waiting to take their picture here Lisa there was reason parlance here. Thrilled as usual it's a little rainy out here but we're still having a great time out to bring you along. Up here you could see in this White House Easter egg roll sign here again at 100 by 39 anniversary a about the longest lasting. White House tradition this year. Point one balance and gas are expected to attend a smaller than it was 30000 here but nonetheless. 40000 people on the South Lawn of the White House is. Quite the crowd you can see everybody's lining up tick and next to assigned now this tradition originated 150 years ago it's on Capitol Hill. Where children roll there eastern on Capitol Hill and members of I'm Capitol Hill wanted to and its political the president's backyard here right at the south on its feet White House behind us. Lots of fun games going on we have who aren't all we have. Easter egg dying car dying the president is expected here at 1030 it's raining. I'm so we should CD spoke about a 1030 but he's expected to. Molson Easter eggs over there and then may make his way down down the South Lawn here no this going on. For over. For a really really long time obviously over a hundred years congressman that the White House in 1978 this isn't and has only been canceled. Inclement weather think gosh we're still here today but I'm only for instant weather and during World War I and world words that. So is the longest lasting. Tradition here at the White House is as you can see you we're shooting some corn and very exciting kid. Over here. Yeah I kind of want to pick when it is up and if I can make it. Right area we're gonna try this. I don't ruin them in games out I think you've seen. I got on the board kind of as you can see lots of corn all happening here and I just knew this down there on the other side and his presidential podium. Right then that lots of kids obviously its order for lots of kids to take their photo behind that podium that penny and you see it. Sean Spicer the White House Press Secretary at pretty much every day here so. Lots of fun games where we didn't see any way down there they have soccer going and I believe the DC united team is down there. They're here because the president's son Barron is huge fan of soccer so they're down airplanes the lots of activities going on I would bring you up. As you can see lots of family and lots of not sensitive playing around here. Now this is where I believe the White House Press Secretary with reading to kids. Earlier I'm not sure anybody in their right now that he was reading an Easter booked up here you can see it lots of kids sitting on long the rain doesn't seem to be the tying them. And that's actually the attorney general eyes as attorney general Jeff Sessions. Let let's go to him and I can hear them yes thank them. Eight. Rain or third. Walgreen. Or moderates. Korea votes this morning you'd like to do that. This. The man is an Asian and I think. It is not easy. Being a bunch. In my life. Aren't. In the hunt for anything donated. Thank you turn itself uses this story you're ready. PJ. Funny money. We've fears that be enough life being alive. That is it is my remaining. Yeah yeah me sixers 88. Eight. One day yeah it is to leave home. Oh on behalf on any horses begin. I wanted me. Oh yeah. Home there evil entity. Yeah you have to live with the prayers. I I. Really cool program. Thanks home where. And again. Turning to Enron Jeff Sessions meaning the kids with his wife.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
ATHENS, Greece — A Greek prosecutor has ordered an investigation into allegations of financial mismanagement in the local branch of UNICEF.
UNICEF said last week it was “terminating its arrangements” with its national committee in Greece “due to concerns arising out of a recent independent audit.”
UNICEF said in a statement it has concluded that “the necessary reforms” in the Greek committee won't be achieved. It offered no further details.
An Athens prosecutor ordered the probe Tuesday following claims by the head of UNICEF's Greek committee that an audit of the local branch's finances revealed alleged mismanagement.
UNICEF has said it will continue its work with children in Greece through its regional office for Europe and central Asia, in collaboration with the Greek government and civil society partners.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho conceded the title race to "lucky" Manchester City after Pep Guardiola's side left Old Trafford on Sunday with a 2-1 win and 11-point lead in the Premier League.
Goals from David Silva and Nicolas Otamendi, either side of Marcus Rashford's equaliser, secured City's 14th win in succession, an English top-flight record in a single season.
Mourinho was enraged by referee Michael Oliver booking Ander Herrera for diving late on as the Spaniard tumbled over Otamendi's challenge in the penalty area - a moment laced with mirth given the Portuguese's pre-match accusations over City's simulation.
But Mourinho believes City are being "protected by luck" in their march to the top of the league - a factor he thinks could help them lift the trophy.
Asked by BBC Sport if the title race was run, Mourinho said: "Probably, yes.
"Manchester City are a very good team and they are protected by the luck, and the gods of football are behind them.
"I'm pretty sure everyone is going to fight for points and try and reduce the distance, but the advantage is a very good one."
New Buffalo Bills receiver and former Eagles receiver Jordan Matthews suffered a chip fracture in his sternum in his first practice with his new team, according to a report from ESPN.
Matthews was traded to the Bills last Friday in a deal that landed the Eagles cornerback Ronald Darby.
Matthews is considered week-to-week with the injury, per ESPN, which makes it very unlikely he will play this upcoming Thursday against the Eagles when the Bills come to town for Week 2 of the preseason.
The injury is potentially especially bad news for Matthews as he is entering the final year of his deal, and missing time in the regular season could have an impact on what he lands as a free agent.
WATCH: 6 videos of Darby's first practice with Eagles
The Eagles' decision to trade Matthews has been met with plenty of excitement from fans, but inside the locker room, players have expressed their displeasure with losing one of their favorite teammates.
One player who seemed particularly upset about the decision was the team's franchise quarterback, Carson Wentz.
"It's tough. There is the personal side of things and the football side of things. The football side, you have to trust what they are doing upstairs," Wentz said. "On the personal side, it's tough. It's someone that was one of my best friends. Seeing him yesterday, it was tough on him too."
Although he said he respected the decision, it sounds like Wentz let executive vice president of football operations Howie Roseman know he didn't like it.
"I spoke with Howie shortly before it was news. He told me is already done," Wentz said. "He obviously knew how I felt with Jordan being one of my best friends. On the personal side its tough. He knew that, he was prepared for that and I told him that."
Eliot Shorr-Parks may be reached at eshorrpa@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @EliotShorrParks. Find NJ.com Eagles on Facebook.
An elderly woman was rescued by neighbours after a fire broke out at her home.
Fire crews from South Kirkby and Cudworth were called to her home at West Street, South Kirkby at around 1.40am this morning.
An unattended chip pan had been left on by mistake and had caught fire.
The blaze had triggered smoke alarms at the property and the lady was woken up and helped out by neighbours.
She suffered smoke inhalation.
Fire teams said the incident highlighted the importance of having working smoke alarms.
People can contact the fire service to have them installed.
Westworld's second season premiere lasts just two minutes before a character utters the phrase “What is real?” Dolores asks the question to Bernard, in one of those face-to-face diagnostic sessions that we've surely seen five thousand times in Jonathan Nolan and Lisa Joy's blockbuster sci-fi series by now. These scenes are like random stock footage in a documentary; it's almost as if we've heard the bulk of their conversations before and already forgotten them. Westworld's creators might counter that these weird symmetries and mutating loops are intentionally dreamlike, and the fabric of the show's narrative. Who knows? Insofar as I can even understand it, time is quite literally a flat circle now. “I know how this story ends,” Dolores whispers, a declaration that will haunt us all season whether we want it to or not.
On this season, the hosts' minds are now unshackled from the restrictions of living just one lifetime at a time, and their confusion, mania, and malfunction are bound to worsen over time. The mythology will spool out further, and with it, and fan theories about the show's hidden logic will become even more copious and elaborate. (As Nolan and Joy made clear with a recent Rickroll prank, however, they would rather you not get too crazy with all that.) Westworld will become more and more self-important and difficult to watch while we wait seven episodes for the show to finally serve up a few neat revelations in a bloody cowboy hat. Giddy up!
For a show that purports to be about subjectivity and hallucinatory fugue states, Westworld gives little room for the viewer's mind to wander and dream. There are no themes or contradictions left hanging around that the show hasn't already lectured us about explicitly and at length. As in Game of Thrones, Westworld's monologues and flashbacks now dwell almost entirely in the gray zone between illustrating characters or themes and simply telling you exactly what is happening and what to think about it. Some scenes from the premiere could just as easily be set in either of the episode's two primary environments: drab underground lab rooms or dusty groves of trees with bodies underneath or hanging from nooses.
The content of many scenes also feels arbitrary and monotonous: Pandora's Box has been opened, time is folding in on itself, and all of the characters—hosts and humans alike—have changed in their singular potentially dangerous ways. Someone actually utters the phrase “the lunatics are running the asylum,” a headline that would be too obvious even for an online episode recap. It's often impossible to know how a character got to where they are in a given scene, and where, even vaguely, that is. That effect has always been a key element of Westworld, creating a feeling of elliptical wanderlust based on a system that covertly changes around the characters and keeps them from ever finding existential closure. But now that everyone on screen knows that Westworld is just one big trap of an amusement park, the aimlessness feels tedious and accidental instead of intentionally evocative.
The premiere illustrates its characters' mental upheaval and their scorched-earth “kill the masters” revolution (again, GoT) in the drabbest manner possible. Instead of beginning in a disorienting new context or with some unexpected fallout, Season 2 extends directly from the close of Season 1. You wanted glimpses of worlds outside of the park? For Maeve to go ahead with her escape? For Dolores and Teddy to at least don new costumes? You'll still have to wait a bit, or maybe almost a whole season. Meanwhile, try to be content with boredom, even as you're expected to marvel at how everything in the silly old Anthony Hopkins-run version of Westworld has been shaken up. The Season 2 pilot, trying to get our feet wet again, spends most of its runtime just making us watch interchangeable hosts and humans getting shot in the head at point-blank range.
The plotlines laid out in the premiere set up every character to lean into their own capital-B Badass superhero tendencies in the new vigilante Westworld, imbuing the show with a hint of Marvel as well as Game of Thrones. Everyone is on some lofty quest, perhaps galloping into battle, and everyone is morally ambiguous. But really who cares about all that: Who will be the most badass? There should be a bracket. Eventually, you'll be able to decamp after a Westworld episode with your buddies, turn up the soundtrack's gritty version of “The Entertainer” (how did it take an entire season to get some ominous Scott Joplin in there?), and fill out your ballots. If you're in it for that bang-bang-shoot-em-up pseudo-fun, there'll be no shortage of that, if the previews are anything to judge by.
Westworld's premiere also hinted that the show will attempt some kind of topical resonance. Dolores and Maeve's revenge and destabilization plots are based on their desire to prevent abuse against their and other hosts' bodies. Meanwhile, Charlotte mines customers' experiences in the park for data with a little help from those hilarious faceless white hosts in the subterranean lab, nodding at real-life capitalistic invasions of privacy. These themes are presented without ambiguity or any apparent room to blossom into anything deeper. They are just plot elements tied vaguely to things in the sociopolitical wind—lures to make us further invested in our superheroes, not routes to uncovering anything real outside of the show's redundant maze. We can only hope to uncover something new or unexpected, that isn't just another field full of random dead bodies, or an intelligence-insulting explanation for a twist we've been impatiently awaiting for many hours already.
The young queen's popularity took a nosedive following a tragic series of events in early 1839 involving her mother's lady in waiting and Sir John Conroy
**SPOILERS! CONTAINS HISTORICAL DETAILS PORTRAYED AT THE END OF VICTORIA EPISODE ONE**
As the ITV drama Victoria illustrates in episode one, the young Victoria's rise to popularity was anything but smooth.
Advertisement
And in 1839, following the sad death of Lady Flora Hastings (played by Alice Orr-Ewing) the queen's popularity took a nosedive.
Who was the real Lady Flora Hastings?
Born in Edinburgh in 1806, Lady Flora Elizabeth Rawdon-Hastings was the daughter and first born child of Sir Francis Rawdon (the one-time Governor General of India) and Lady Flora Mure-Campbell, the 6th Countess of Loudon.
She became Lady-in-waiting to Victoria's mother, The Duchess of Kent, joining their household at Kensington.
The heiress presumptive wasn't very fond of Flora, as she supported both her mother and Sir John Conroy's strict Kensington System, which kept the young queen in waiting cooped up in the house.
Why did Victoria think she was pregnant?
Flora made a trip home to Scotland to visit her family and returned alone in a carriage with Sir John Conroy in January of 1839. The lady-in-waiting had been complaining that she'd been feeling bloated and was in pain during the month preceding and her stomach was swelling noticeably.
She consulted the court physician, Sir James Clark, and was prescribed rhubarb and camphor, which initially seemed to offer some relief.
But Lady Flora's physique set tongues wagging at court and it wasn't long before a rumour that she must be with child was spreading. By February 2nd the young Queen was writing about it in her journal, commenting that not even her physician, Sir James, could deny that the situation was highly suspicious.
Victoria became quite convinced that Lady Flora was with child, and assumed that Sir John Conroy MUST be the father.
Did Victoria really force Lady Flora to go through with the medical examination?
Yes, she did indeed.
But it wasn't on the day of her coronation, as the ITV series suggests. Victoria's coronation took place on June 28th 1838, while The Flora Hastings Scandal broke in 1839.
Sir James Clark and the Hastings' family doctor, Sir Charles Clarke carried out the procedure and concluded that there was absolutely no way Flora could be pregnant.
In fact, she was suffering from an advanced cancerous liver tumor and dying.
Did the people really turn on the Queen?
The Hastings family was furious – as were their Tory sympathisers. They were most displeased with the young monarch's actions and wanted a public apology.
And when that didn't come, they went to the press, publishing a personal letter from Flora – in which she offered up her version of events – in The Examiner.
What happened when Lady Flora died?
Flora passed away aged just 33 on the 5th of July 1839. She died in London but was buried at her family home, Loudoun Castle in Scotland.
Sir John Conroy and Lord Hastings (Lady Flora's brother) didn't let the scandal die with her, launching a campaign to bring the Queen and her physician to justice in the press.
Advertisement
Their campaign wasn't successful but the scandal haunted Victoria for the rest of her days.
Nigerian Army settles out of Court following N250million Lawsuit by Woman Assaulted in Ikorodu
The Nigerian Army has decided to settle out of court its case with Ruth Orji who was brutalized in the Ikorodu area of Lagos State in March earlier this year. A Non-Governmental Organization Joint Legal Action Aids (JLAA) had sued the Nigerian Army on her behalf for N250m after photos of her made the rounds on […]
The post Nigerian Army settles out of Court following N250million Lawsuit by Woman Assaulted in Ikorodu appeared first on BellaNaija.
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A month after demanding lavish Toyota Fortuner. Karnataka Minority Affairs Minister Zameer Ahmed Khan now wants the bigger bungalow of the former minority affairs minister. He has already been allocated a bungalow but the minister has demanded the same bungalow of the former minority minister be given to him.
A month after demanding lavish Toyota Fortuner. Karnataka Minority Affairs Minister Zameer Ahmed Khan now wants the bigger bungalow of the former minority affairs minister.
Karnataka Minority Affairs Minister Zameer Ahmed Khan's love to flaunt at the expense of public money has again made headlines with his new demand for a bigger bungalow after rejecting the Toyota Innova allocated to him as he was “used to it”.
Last month, the minister demanded a Toyota Fortuner stating that he was used to travelling in big cars since childhood. The Food minister was allocated Toyota Innova by the Department of Personnel and Administrative Reforms (DPAR) which he called a small car, demanding Fortuner that former CM Siddaramaiah used.
Updating…..
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
PROVIDENCE, R.I. — A Rhode Island company is going to build a wind farm that will be 10 times the size of the nation's first offshore wind farm.
Deepwater Wind says the new 400-megawatt wind farm will also create more than 800 jobs and result in $250 million in investments in Rhode Island.
Democratic Gov. Gina Raimondo and other officials visited the Port of Providence on Wednesday for the announcement.
Massachusetts and Rhode Island announced offshore wind projects last week aimed at delivering a combined 1,200 megawatts of energy, enough to power about 600,000 homes.
Deepwater Wind also built the nation's first offshore wind farm off Block Island, Rhode Island. It has five turbines. With this latest project, the company plans to build up to 50 turbines south of Martha's Vineyard.
“It is an enormous clean energy machine,” Deepwater Wind CEO Jeff Grybowski said. “It will displace about 650,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide every year. It is one of the most consequential clean energy projects in the history of the northeast United States. And we're going to build it and deliver that at low cost.”
Grybowski said he couldn't say exactly what the price of the energy will be because Deepwater Wind must negotiate a contract with utility company National Grid. He said it would be competitive with traditional sources of fuel and a “game changer” in replacing those sources.
The company says it will take about 800 people and roughly $1 billion to build the wind farm. Another 50 permanent jobs will be created.
The $250 million investment in Rhode Island includes $40 million in port infrastructure improvements to position the state for future offshore wind projects.
Raimondo called it a fantastic day for Rhode Island because of the amount of clean energy that will be produced and the number jobs created. She said Rhode Island can be an epicenter for the offshore wind industry. She said she thinks some of the companies that make turbines will eventually move to the state.
“This is big. This is about as big as it gets,” she said.
Deepwater Wind didn't ask for tax credits for the project, called Revolution Wind.
Both the Rhode Island and Massachusetts wind farms, which the states describe as a collaborative effort, will be located south of Martha's Vineyard. The Vineyard Wind project will be Massachusetts' first offshore wind farm.
Local construction on the Revolution Wind project could start in Rhode Island in 2020 with commercial operations by 2023. The turbines are expected to generate enough energy to power more than 200,000 homes, or about half the homes in Rhode Island.
The wind farm will be in a 256-square-mile federal lease area. Deepwater Wind plans to build 15 turbines in that same area to supply renewable energy to Long Island, New York.
The Vicksburg Post reports that Tyson Foods discussed its plans for its Bovina plant recently with Warren County supervisors.
The county is considering tax abatements worth $2.2 million for work already done at the plant.
Tyson's Charlie Terrell says the company is upgrading hot water for two manufacturing lines, as well as improving pollution control.
Terrell says Arkansas-based Tyson plans to increase capacity on two lines next year, adding new freezers and fryers.
The 550-worker plant takes chicken slaughtered elsewhere and makes prepared foods such as chicken tenders and wings. Tyson bought it in 1991.
Israel's Defense Ministry Property Director, together with the IDF's ground forces and the Yad Lashiryon Organization, has announced a project to restore a variety of historical displays, including historical tanks which fought in all of Israel's wars.
158 tanks and other armored vehicles of different makes and periods are displayed near the Latrun Police Department's Tegart Fort. Tegart Fort was built under the British Mandate, in 1940.
The project will include at least fifty tanks and armored vehicles, and will give each one a cleaning, a rust treatment, and a coat of new paint in the tank's original color.
Some of the tanks which will be restored are: Merkava tanks of all four types, Sherman tanks, Centurion tanks, M48 Patton tanks, the Magach and Shoot Kal tanks, and the Churchill Infantry Tank.
Armored personnel carriers and other armored vehicles, including armored cars, jeeps, self-propelled guns, and other historical weapons will also be included in Yad Lashiryon's attempt to tell the story of generations of Israeli weapons and wars.
The plan's first stage is scheduled to be completely by early summer 2017.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A fast food takeaway was closed down after an infestation of German cockroaches was discovered by council officers.
The then owner of Yankees Fried Chicken, Witton Street, Northwich , later shelled out £2,209 in fines and costs for hygiene offences.
Food safety officers allowed the premises to re-open a few weeks later when conditions were found to be satisfactory.
Former owner Abu Ali pleaded guilty to offences under food safety and hygiene legislation when he appeared at West Cheshire Magistrates' Court on Thursday, August 10.
The premises were investigated following a complaint from a member of the public that they had seen a cockroach in October 2016.
The court heard that during an inspection Cheshire West and Chester Council 's food safety officers found an extensive infestation of German cockroaches that appeared to have been an issue for some time. The premises were also found to be in a dirty condition with poor standards of hygiene throughout.
There was no evidence of staff training having taken place and a lack of food safety management controls.
The premises were closed until the infestation was brought under control and was rated ‘0' on the food hygiene rating scheme. Officers allowed the premises to re-open after a month when hygiene conditions were found to be satisfactory.
Ongoing checks on the premises demonstrate that improved standards are being maintained. The business has subsequently changed hands.
As a result of the food safety offences committed, Mr Ali, 28, of Redhill Drive, Bredbury, Stockport, was fined £750, ordered to pay £1,299 prosecution costs and £85 legal costs, along with a victim surcharge of £75 – a total of £2,209.
Councillor Karen Shore, cabinet member for environment, said: “The council's food safety officers work extremely hard to ensure that all businesses in the borough maintain satisfactory hygiene standards.
"It is always disappointing when we have to take legal action against a food business operator. In this case, legal action was taken because of the poor standards of hygiene encountered at the time of the inspection, along with the existence of an extensive and long-standing infestation of cockroaches.
“Pest control is a fundamental requirement of running a hygienic food business and I would recommend that all food businesses engage the services of a competent pest controller on a contractual basis. Pests carry disease and can expose customers to a risk of food poisoning.
“We have a duty to the public, and to the vast majority of food establishments in Cheshire West that operate to a high standard and serve their customers well, to take effective action where others do not make the same effort.”
Consumers can check the food hygiene rating of premises in the borough on the council's website. Just type in ‘food hygiene rating' in the search box and follow the links.
Each business is given their hygiene rating after being inspected by a food safety officer from the local authority. At the end of the inspection, the business is given one of the six ratings from 0-5, with ‘5' representing ‘very good' hygiene standards.
A 32-year-old man has died following a fatal collision in Writtle last night.
A Seat Ibiza and a Daewoo Matiz collided in The Causeway shortly before 9.15pm on Friday.
Sadly, a passenger in the Daewoo, of Hayle in Cornwall, died at the scene.
The driver, a 33-year-old man from Chelmsford, was taken to the Royal London Hospital with serious but not life threatening injuries.
The Seat driver, a 17-year-old teenager from Ingatestone, was not injured.
The road was closed until shortly after 5am today while forensic examination work was carried out and the scene was cleared.
Witnesses to the collision are asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 01245 240590 or email collisionappeal@essex.pnn.police.uk.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The Latest on California wildfires (all times local):
5:30 a.m.
Crews aided by calm overnight winds kept a wall of flames from descending from mountains into coastal towns after a huge Southern California wildfire exploded in size over the weekend.
Thousands remain under evacuation orders Monday as the fire churns west through foothill areas of Carpinteria and Montecito, Santa Barbara County seaside towns about 75 miles (120 kilometers) northwest of Los Angeles. Much of the fire's new growth occurred on the eastern and northern fronts into unoccupied areas of Los Padres National Forest.
The fire, which had already destroyed more than 750 buildings, burned six more in Carpinteria on Sunday. It's just 10 percent contained after burning nearly 360 square miles (930 square kilometers).
Officials say the blaze, which broke out a week ago in neighboring Ventura County, is now the 5th largest in California history.
Music of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Gh Joy
2017-10-06
BigBen
BigBen is finally ready to make his song with multiple award winning Ghanaian musician, Bisa Kdei available to the public
The song which he titles “Loving You” is of no doubt going to be one of the hottest jams music lovers will love to have on their playlist.
BigBen on this one delivers a very powerful message to strengthen the love life with our partners and as we all know, Bisa Kdei on a love song needs no introduction about that.
Bisa Kdei's voice and lyrical dexterity has gotten so many of us in love with authentic high life music and we know for sure “Loving You” is one of the many songs that can never get old in our ears.
Management tells us the visuals is almost ready and will be available right after the audio is officially released.
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
LOS ANGELES — The Latest on California wildfires (all times local):
7:45 a.m.
A growing Southern California wildfire is threatening the wealthy seaside enclave of Montecito, where celebrities have evacuated estates perched on hillsides below heavy flames.
Smoke shrouded Rob Lowe's home and the actor wore a mask as he livestreamed his family leaving on Sunday. Lowe thanked fans on Instagram for their thoughts and expressed gratitude for firefighters, saying “we need you!”
Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres said on Twitter that neighbours were helping each other and their animals get to safety. She said she was proud to be a part of the small, exclusive community in Santa Barbara County northwest of Los Angeles.
Retired tennis star Jimmy Connors tweeted that his property was in danger.
Many residents of Montecito and neighbouring Carpinteria not under evacuation orders have opted to leave because of heavy smoke and ash blowing through.
——
5:30 a.m.
Crews aided by calm overnight winds kept a wall of flames from descending from mountains into coastal towns after a huge Southern California wildfire exploded in size over the weekend.
Thousands remain under evacuation orders Monday as the fire churns west through foothill areas of Carpinteria and Montecito, Santa Barbara County seaside towns about 75 miles (120 kilometres) northwest of Los Angeles. Much of the fire's new growth occurred on the eastern and northern fronts into unoccupied areas of Los Padres National Forest.
The fire, which had already destroyed more than 750 buildings, burned six more in Carpinteria on Sunday. It's just 10 per cent contained after burning nearly 360 square miles (930 square kilometres).
Officials say the blaze, which broke out a week ago in neighbouring Ventura County, is now the 5th largest in California history.
Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Padmaavat is all set to cross 200 crores in its second week. Deepika Padukone's embattled "Padmaavat" released amid fierce protests from the Rajput Karni Sena. Many cinema owners in several states refused to screen the film for the fear of vandalism by fringe Rajput outfits. Had it been a smooth, all-India release, Padmaavat would've comfortably crossed Rs. 200 crore in its extended first week.
After facing long lasted protests, Sanjay Leela Bhansali's magnum opus Padmaavat is all set to cross the Rs. 200 crore mark over the weekend according to trade analyst Taran Adarsh. After an extended first week, Padmaavat started its second-week journey with a bang after collecting double digits in the first week itself. The film collected Rs. 10 crores on Friday bringing the total to Rs. 176 crore. Taran Adarsh also said that Padmaavat will cross the lifetime collection of Bajirao Mastani (which was director Bhansali's previous collaboration with Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh) by Saturday.
Padmaavat has a monopoly over the box office for a week after which Akshay Kumar's PadMan will hit the screens on February 9, 2018. PadMan was earlier set for January 25 release alongside Padmaavat but Akshay Kumar postponed the release by two weeks when director Bhansali requested them to do so. Siddharth Malhotra's Aiyaary is also slated to release on February 9th but is yet to receive a green light from the Central Board for Film Certification leaving the movie dangling mid-air.
#Padmaavat begins Week 2 with a BANG… Collects in double digits… Eyes ₹ 35 cr+ in Weekend 2… Will cross *lifetime biz* of #BajiraoMastani today [Sat]… Will cross ₹ 200 cr tomorrow [Sun]… [Week 2] Fri 10 cr. Total: ₹ 176.50 cr. India biz. — taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) February 3, 2018
The film has been well received by audiences and critics alike. Ranveer Singh had received appreciation for his portrayal of Khilji, making him the star of the movie. The movie also stars Deepika Padukone as Rani Padmavati, Shahid Kapoor as Ratan Singh along with Aditi Rao Hydari and Jim Sarbh. The movie is breaking all record and is all set to become Sanjay Leela Bhansali's biggest grosser ever leaving behind Salman Khan's Tiger Zinda Hai and Aamir Khan's Secret Superstar.
THESSALONIKI, Greece — Greek authorities have agreed to extradite to France the Georgian suspected head of an international crime ring specializing in robberies and burglaries.
Lasha Shushanashvili, 57, was among 14 people arrested, in co-ordination with France, in April in the northern city of Thessaloniki during a two-day operation involving more than 100 police officers.
A further 17 suspected members of the crime ring were arrested in France.
Shushanashvili's lawyers said they would appeal to Greece's supreme court against Wednesday's extradition ruling by Thessaloniki judicial authorities.
Shushanashvili was first arrested in Greece in 2012, and sentenced to 14 years' imprisonment for heading an international criminal ring allegedly involved in armed robberies and at least one contract killing.
In fewer than three years, he secured early release on health grounds.
CORRUPT: DHS Took Millions In Bribes From Drug Cartels On Mexican Border
There is a HUGE problem in the DHS, and it is putting our country in harms way. The corruption is real, and it's being perpetrated by a many of America's federal agents.
Joohoon David Lee, a federal Homeland Security agent stationed in Los Angeles, was assigned to investigate the case of a Korean businessman who was being accused of sex trafficking.
So instead of doing his job and making an inquiry, Mr. Lee solicited and accepted about $13,000 in bribes and other gifts from the businessman and his family members in return for making the “immigration issue go away,” according to court records.
Mr. Lee, who was an agent with Homeland Security Investigations at Immigration and Customs Enforcement, filed a report that covered up the truth: “Subject was suspected of human trafficking. No evidence found and victim statement contradicts. Case closed. No further action required.”
There were more federal agents that took payoffs of up to $215,000 and even 100 egg rolls…all to smuggle marijuana and cocaine, produce confidential information to drug cartels so they could find ways around border security, manipulate documents for illegal immigrants and just plain up and make cases “go away,” according to a report.
In another case under investigation, Johnny Acosta, a Customs and Border Protection officer in Douglas, Ariz., where he screened individuals and vehicles, said a group Mexican drug dealers actually contacted him with a deal in September 2013. The deal in which he agreed to do, was to allow them to drive vans packed full of marijuana across the US border.
Acosta claimed that the smugglers from Agua Prieta, Mexico, would inform him of the vehicles carrying the illegal load of pot and Acosta would signal them to cross the border without inspection. Court documents have Acosta taking more than $70,000 in bribes to allow cartel traffickers move over a ton of marijuana into the U.S..
Mai Nhu Nguyen, was an Immigration Service officer in Santa Ana, Calif. who was approving and denying citizenship applications for immigrants, and it was all depending on whether they would give her bribes of money and food. In November 2011, according to evidence collected and shared in court, she approved a citizenship application in return for, get this…100 egg rolls. Sometimes the cost outweighs the gain…this is one of those times.
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
By STEVE PEOPLES and EMILY SWANSON
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Don't tell 20-year-old Nestor Aguilera he can't effect change in politics.
The Indiana University business major protested outside President Donald Trump's recent appearance in Aguilera's home of Elkhart, Indiana. And while he says he didn't vote in 2016, he's promising to show up for this fall's midterm elections.
"If young people decide to go out there and vote, we have the power to affect what the government does," Aguilera said. "We could have a big impact."
Aguilera is among a small - but significant - surge of young people who say they feel politically empowered in the latest Youth Political Pulse survey from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV. It's a change from a past survey that comes after a school shooting in Florida that elevated the voices of high school students in American politics, and five months before Americans will decide whether Trump's Republican Party will maintain control of Congress for another two years.
A slim majority, 54 percent, of people ages 15 to 34 - a group that is typically the least likely to vote - continue to believe they have little or no effect on government. But 46 percent of young people now believe they can have at least a moderate effect, a significant increase from two months earlier, when 37 percent said the same.
In that time, a group of students from Florida's Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, where a February shooting killed 17, has succeeded in keeping the debate about gun safety in the news. They joined Tuesday with the New York-based organization HeadCount in an effort to hold voter registration drives at 90 percent of the nation's high schools before this year's senior class graduates. It's one of the many efforts by organizations aligned with Democrats on gun control that seeks to capitalize on the increase in interest among young people in politics.
The recent rise in political engagement is particularly apparent among Americans ages 15 to 22, a group that includes teenagers who will be eligible to vote in a presidential election for the first time in 2020. The poll found that 48 percent now think they can have at least some effect on the government, after just 33 percent felt that way in March.
There's also an uptick in the number of young people who say politicians care what they think: 34 percent of 15-to-34-year-olds report that elected officials care at least a moderate amount about what they think, while just 25 percent said so two months ago.
At the same time, two-thirds say they think the government is not functioning well, and just over half - 52 percent - say they rarely or never read or watch news about the midterm elections.
While many young people continue to feel powerless in the current political environment, the modest increases revealed in the poll could be further evidence of a Democratic wave building against the GOP this fall. Young people are far more likely to side with Democrats than Republicans. The new poll finds that they are also especially likely to have concerns about the Republican president.
Just 30 percent of people ages 15 to 34 approve of Trump's job performance, the poll found. In April's AP-NORC survey of all American adults, 40 percent said they approved of the president's work at the White House.
On gun control, 4 in 10 teens and young adults give the government an F grade on addressing the issue. Still, gun-related issues have fallen on the list of concerns for young adults since the first Youth Political Pulse survey, which was conducted just after February's school shooting in Parkland, Florida.
Just 6 percent now list gun laws as their single top concern facing the country, down from 21 percent in March.
At least 4 in 10 young people in the latest poll also give the government failing grades on handling immigration, environmental issues, racism and higher education costs.
One poll respondent, 21-year-old Samantha Bitzer, a political science major at Michigan State University, says she's determined to encourage her friends to engage more in politics.
"I don't think that enough young people care at the moment," said Bitzer, who calls herself a moderate Republican and voted for Trump. "People are super mad, but he's actually doing everything he said he would."
Despite the rise in engagement, it's far from certain that young people will reshape the political landscape this fall. Young voters, with few exceptions, have struggled to maintain interest in politics over the last half century. Just 15 percent of eligible voters ages 18 to 20 cast ballots in the last midterm election, for example.
"Do I feel like I could actually make a difference or influence things? Probably not," said 23-year-old Charly Hyden, who works for a nonprofit in Lexington, Kentucky. "I feel exhausted. I go out on protests and try to do things, but I feel like it doesn't matter."
"Maybe I'd feel differently if I were still in high school," she said.
___
The Youth Political Pulse poll of 939 young Americans ages 15 to 34 was conducted April 23 to May 9 by the AP-NORC Center and MTV. The poll was conducted using NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all young people is plus or minus 4.3 percentage points.
___
Online:
AP-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research: http://www.apnorc.org
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
HAMILTON — Arthur Kaliyev scored twice as the Hamilton Bulldogs routed the Saginaw Spirit 7-1 on Saturday in Ontario Hockey League play.
Nicholas Caamano, Will Bitten, Marian Studenic, Matthew Strome and Connor McMichael supplied the rest of the offence for Hamilton (17-7-6).
Aidan Prueter replied for the Spirit (14-11-3).
Kaden Fulcher kicked out 22 shots for the win in net. Cameron Lamour combined with Evan Cormier for 35 saves for Saginaw.
The Bulldogs scored on both of their power plays while the Spirit went 0-for-5 with the man advantage.
—
FRONTENACS 3 WOLVES 2
KINGSTON, Ont. — Matt Hotchkiss had two goals and Jeremy Helvig turned away 36 shots as the Frontenacs topped Sudbury.
Tyler Burnie scored the winner for Kingston (16-8-6).
Dmitry Sokolov struck twice and Mario Culina made 27 saves for the Wolves (9-17-5).
—
ICEDOGS 3 67'S 0
OTTAWA — Stephen Dhillon stopped all 29 shots he faced as Niagara shut out the 67's.
Matthew Philip, Danial Singer and Elijah Roberts found the back of the net for the IceDogs (16-9-5).
Olivier Tremblay turned away 27 shots for Ottawa (14-15-2).
—
STING 3 PETES 1
SARNIA, Ont. — Justin Fazio made 25 saves and Ryan McGregor had the winner in the second period as the Sting beat Peterborough.
Sean Josling and Adam Ruzicka also chipped in for Sarnia (24-6-2).
Pavel Gogolev scored for the Petes (15-14-2) and Dylan Wells stopped 48 shots.
—
COLTS 5 GENERALS 0
BARRIE, Ont. — Alexey Lipanov and Jason Willms each struck twice and Leo Lazarev stopped all 17 shots he faced as the Colts blanked Oshawa.
Kyle Heitzner also scored for Barrie (17-9-3).
Kyle Keyser combined with Cole Ceci for 33 saves for the Generals (13-16-2).
—
ATTACK 5 FIREBIRDS 4
OWEN SOUND, Ont. — Maksim Sushko and Aidan Dudas had power-play goals in the first period as the Attack held off Flint.
Matthew Struthers, with the winner, Daylon Groulx and Jonah Gadjovich rounded out the attack for Owen Sound (14-11-4). Jacob Friend tacked on three helpers and Mack Guzda made 21 saves.
Maurizio Colella, Jake Durham, C.J. Clarke and Jacob Collins scored for the Firebirds (9-18-3). Garrett Forrest turned aside 29 shots in defeat.
—
— This roundup was generated automatically with a CP-developed application.
Romania's top court has told the president to fire the country's chief anti-corruption prosecutor, widely praised for her efforts to root out high-level graft, but a thorn in the side of some politicians.
The constitutional court ruled Wednesday in a 6-3 vote that there had been an institutional conflict after President Klaus Iohannis disagreed with the justice minister's assessment that National Anti-Corruption Directorate Chief Prosecutor Laura Codruta Kovesi should be dismissed on grounds of failing to do her job properly.
Kovesi's departure would be a blow to the agency, respected by ordinary Romanians, the EU and the U.S. The court will explain its ruling later.
Justice Minister Tudorel Toader praised the ruling saying Iohannis did not have "the legal ability to evaluate the professional and management competences of high-ranking prosecutors."
Double eviction week in the Big Brother house is always tense. Fans and houseguests are permanently on edge as the battle for Head of Household, Power of Veto and the live eviction play out within a few nail-biting minutes. But nothing could prepare the BBCAN5 Odyssey for what was about to happen when the first double eviction shook up this season as Emily Hawkin and the season's veteran queenpin Neda Kalantar exited the house after a shocking major-alliance mutiny.
“I don't know how you're supposed to come to terms with losing out on your dream the second time,” Neda said in much better spirits than how fans last saw her when she exited the house in tears on Thursday night.
The evening's events escalated so quickly once her close ally Sindy Nguyen won the HoH competition and put Dillon Carman and Jackie McCurrach immediately on the block. But when Jackie saved herself with a veto win, Sindy was swayed by Ika Wong into backdooring Neda – even though they were all members of The Six alliance, who had been dominating the game all season.
The three faced off in a screaming match in the pantry before Neda was eventually evicted by a 7-1 vote.
“Sindy likes to make big moves for television. I think Sindy just took that opportunity to do it,” Neda explained, walking Postmedia Network through one of the most jaw-dropping evictions in the Canadian reality franchise's history.
“It was really tense. Me and Ika are really intense people already so for us to be going at each other, everyone's faces were like ‘What the heck is going on right now?' When I was named as the replacement nominee, I just kind of wanted to tell Sindy to stop her fake crying. That's all I wanted to say.”
But the 25-year-old entrepreneur stated that she knew Ika would turn on her eventually, as there were cracks in their alliance from the very beginning of the game.
“It really started early on. From Day 3, there was always something maybe every other day that happened with Ika where she was just an emotional person and very exhausting to work with. It was just a long time coming where the trust was getting chipped away.”
But Emily – who exited the Odyssey just prior to the drama – believes that it was the immunity advantage that Canada gifted Neda that really impacted how she played the game this season by contributing to how she treated people.
“That makes me so happy. Oh my god. That is fantastic. I love it,” Hawkin said when she found out it was Neda who left the house immediately after her.
“I think her whole game strategy would have been different if she didn't get that immunity. I think she started rubbing people the wrong way and was more entitled because she had that immunity and she knew nobody could touch her. But for Sindy to do that, it's kind of surprising. It's wicked-awesome but it just goes to show that nobody really trusts Neda 100%.”
Big Brother Canada airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Thursdays on Global.
HOUSTON — The “Honey Badger” is headed to Houston.
The Houston Texans said Monday they had signed unrestricted free agent safety Tyrann Mathieu and claimed wide receiver Sammie Coates off waivers from Cleveland.
Mathieu was released last week by Arizona after five seasons when the two sides couldn't rework his contract. The 25-year-old safety was due for $18.75 million of his contract to be guaranteed when the league year officially began and Arizona saved nearly $5 million in cap space by cutting him.
He has 11 career interceptions, four sacks, 41 passes defenced and 303 total tackles in 66 NFL games during a career plagued by injuries. Only last season did Mathieu appear in all 16 games and he finished with two interceptions along with 74 tackles. He was an All-Pro in 2015, when he had five interceptions and 17 passes defenced.
Mathieu became a star in the Arizona secondary after being selected in the third round of the 2013 draft following a troubled college career at LSU. A finalist for the Heisman Trophy as a sophomore, he got into trouble with marijuana and eventually was kicked out of school. Mathieu spent an entire season out of football and slid to the third round before the Cardinals took a chance on him.
His rookie season ended prematurely when he tore the LCL and ACL in his left knee.
His big 2015 season was cut short when he tore the ACL in the other knee. His absence was sorely felt as the team that went 13-3 before being routed by Carolina in the NFC championship game.
Despite the injury, the Cardinals rewarded him with a five-year, $62.5 million contract, with $15.5 million guaranteed. Off the field, he was a model citizen and with his fierce style and natural charisma, was among the most popular players on the squad.
The 24-year-old Coates was a third-round pick by Pittsburgh out of Auburn in 2015.. He spent two seasons with the Steelers before joining the Browns last year. He has 28 career receptions for 516 yards and two touchdowns in 32 regular-season games played, including six starts.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Russia and China Militaries Reach ‘New Heights' Together, Agree to Challenge US in the Middle East – Newsweek
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
This article was originally published on The Conversation, an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts. Disclosure information is available on the original site.
——
Author: Goce Andrevski, Associate Professor, Queen's University, Ontario
“Defiant Rockets rewarded for ignoring calls for change.” That was one of the top headlines on ESPN following the recovery by the Houston Rockets in Game 2 of the NBA Western Conference finals. Despite a barrage of criticism directed at the team's offensive strategy after a lopsided loss in Game 1, the Rockets stayed the course. And it paid off.
After a tough 119-106 loss to the Golden State Warriors two nights before, Houston coach Mike D'Antoni could have gone back to the drawing board and changed the offensive game plan. After all, that is what critics expected he would do to put the team in a more competitive position in Game 2.
But D'Antoni, like many basketball coaches, knows that sometimes the best move is no move at all.
D'Antoni's decision not to change the isolation-heavy offence that led his team to the top of the Western Conference during the regular season is what I call “competitive forbearance,” a purposeful decision not to act when key decision-makers have opportunity and capability to do so.
Competitive forbearance is also an important strategic decision in the business world.
Competitive forbearance in business
Competitive dynamics, a stream of strategic management research, addresses fundamental questions in strategy: How firms behave and why firms perform differently.
Studies in this area have mainly focused on how competitive aggressiveness — the propensity to carry out a large number of competitive actions — increases a firm's performance. Firms that fail to act frequently appear unenterprising or “passive,” which can diminish performance.
Little attention has been paid to the possible benefits of purposeful decisions not to act.
Mutual forbearance theory suggests multimarket rivals choose competitive forbearance to prevent unnecessary losses associated with escalating rivalry across several markets.
However, multimarket contact is just one situation in which forbearance is preferable to action. Savvy firms use forbearance to outmanoeuvre rivals in a variety of competitive situations.
For example, Apple decided not to integrate Adobe's Flash Player into the iPhone and the iPad. As a result, Adobe withdrew its Flash Player from the Android mobile operating system of Apple's arch enemy, Google, and chose to refocus its efforts around the emerging HTML5 standard. This suggests that Apple's forbearance was the right choice despite being heavily criticized at the time.
I was part of a research project that explored the antecedents and consequences of competitive forbearance in the basketball coaching setting. Our research findings show that it has a significant impact on competitive rivalry.
How forbearance improves performance
In basketball, coaches make a wide range of forbearance decisions — not replacing players who are in foul trouble, not calling timeouts when teams are underperforming and not responding to opponents' changes in offensive or defensive strategies.
In fact, 30 post-game interviews with nine coaches regarding their strategic decisions in 15 basketball games in the division one men's basketball league of the FIBA–Europe revealed 673 competitive acts and 143 competitive forbearances. In other words, 17 per cent of all considered competitive moves were purposefully not executed. Competitive forbearance varied systematically across coaches.
The reasons basketball coaches choose to forbear can vary, from waiting for the full benefits of previous decisions to materialize to increasing players' confidence — or in the case of D'Antoni, avoiding moves inconsistent with the team's existing strategy and providing an opportunity for players to learn from experience. It was the right call — the Rockets went on to win 127-105 in Game 2.
Although competitive forbearance can improve team performance by expanding the range of strategic maneuvers and by making competitive behaviours less predictable, coaches are more prone to act than to forbear. Why is that? Two key factors are stakeholder pressure and coaching confidence.
Not acting attracts criticism
Owners, journalists, analysts, fans and players often assume that not taking action indicates incompetence and a lack of coaching skills. Thus, the norm is to act and forbearance is a violation of the norm.
The negative outcomes associated with forbearance are judged more harshly than the negative outcomes of actions. The effects of this pressure are especially evident in the last two minutes of the game, where our study revealed competitive forbearance was 62 per cent less likely to occur.
Not all coaches succumb to stakeholder pressure. More accomplished coaches had 42 per cent higher odds of forbearing. We also found the coaches who were confident about winning the game were over two and half times more likely to forbear. D'Antoni's regular-season record with the Rockets — 65 wins in 82 games — would indicate a certain amount of confidence in the team's odds of success.
When key decision-makers actively use forbearance, they consider a wide range of plots to outcompete rivals. They are also less predictable to rivals because they forbear when rivals expect action.
Despite its unique advantages, competitive forbearance is not in the toolkit of many basketball coaches. Only more accomplished and confident coaches are more likely to use competitive forbearance, which in turn, increases team performance.
And how did it work out for the Houston Rockets? D'Antoni kept firm to his forbearance decision throughout the Western final — he did not change the team's offensive strategy. But a collapse in the second half of Game 7 led to a Golden State victory. If the Rockets did not lose Chris Paul when they were up 3-2 after five games, they might have been in the finals.
Indeed, it is not one decision, but a series of decisions that can increase or decrease performance. Forbearances increased the chances of success, but it is a combination of actions and forbearances that is critical for winning.
——
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Disclosure information is available on the original site. Read the original article:
https://theconversation.com/sometimes-the-best-move-is-the-one-you-d https://thecon
WHAT: The Muscogee (Creek) Nation Lighthorse Police will be on patrol at Okemah Lake assisting the Okemah Police Department throughout the Fourth of July holiday.
The MCN Lighthorse Police Department is able to assist the city's police department with arrests and citations through a cross-commissioning agreement the MCN Lighthorse has with the City of Okemah.
MCN Lighthorse Chief of Police Robert Hawkins said because of the working relationship and agreement between his department and OPD, Hawkins got in touch with OPD Chief of Police Skeeter Smith, along with other City of Okemah officials, and offered to assist over the holiday since MCN Lighthorse had officers available.
With the cross-commissioning agreement, the MCN Lighthorse Police Department is able to provide its officers to patrol areas in such events as the Fourth of July when additional officers are needed to enforce state laws.
WHO: MCN Lighthorse will have eight to 10 officers patrolling the area of the lake on land and by boat in order to assist OPD in keeping the Okemah community and MCN citizens safe.
WHEN: The MCN Lighthorse will begin bringing in boats and a command center trailer the morning of Tuesday, July 3, 2018, to patrol the Okemah Lake through the Fourth of July holiday.
WHERE: The Okemah Lake is located 7 miles north of Okemah on N 3770 Rd. and has outdoor recreation areas for camping, boating, fishing and RV campsite hook ups.
This Fourth of July, nearly 14,000 immigrants become America's newest citizens, swearing the oath of allegiance at 27 naturalization ceremonies across the nation that coincide with the country's 242nd birthday and the signing of the Declaration of Independence in 1776.
“When oath ceremonies are tied to the Fourth of July, it's a message that immigrants believe in this country. It's a beautiful and emotional thing,” Joshua Hoyt, executive director of the National Partnership for New Americans, said. “United nations, from Albania to Yemen, are represented in the ceremonies.”
Hoyt added that NPNA believes “naturalization is good for the immigrants, their communities, and our nation,” while contributing to “higher incomes” and “social cohesion.”
Wednesday's ceremonies come on the heels of a July 2 report from NPNA claiming an 88% increase in the backlog of U.S. citizenship applications since 2015, in addition to an ongoing immigration crisis that's drawn nationwide protest.
The number of people becoming citizens between June 28 and July 10 marks a slight decrease from last year, when nearly 15,000 people took the oath, according to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, but a sharp increase from 2016, when about 7,000 did so during the same time period.
Cities honor new citizens on Independence Day
Cities participating in Fourth of July citizenship festivities include Philadelphia, Denver, and Tucson – each with its own tradition to celebrate America's newest citizens.
Drew Angerer/Getty Images
Just 70 miles from the U.S.-Mexico border, Tucson celebrated 21 new citizens at a ceremony held Wednesday in Saguaro National Park.
Cam Juarez, a National Park Service Ranger and coordinator of the ceremony, said that the NPS partners with U.S.C.I.S. to co-host citizenship ceremonies in America's “most special places.”
“The notion of public lands has a history in the United States of belonging to citizens. NPS protects and preserves these lands, and the ceremony shows citizens that they have a right and responsibility to use them,” he said. “These places now belong to them, and are full of beauty and historical and cultural importance.”
Juarez noted that as the son of Mexican immigrants, he has a personal connection to stories of citizenship.
“When my mom, a farmworker, became a citizen, she wanted all nine of her kids to have the opportunity to go to college,” he said. “That was her vision for citizenship.”
Juarez hopes that celebrating citizenship in a national park will help new citizens recognize the value of America's public lands.
“Being naturalized in a national park is a key part of American culture,” he said. "What's more American than taking the oath of allegiance in a national park, which is often called ‘America's best idea?'”
In Philadelphia's Betsy Ross House – another historic landmark – the Daughters of the American Revolution hosted a children's naturalization ceremony.
“Every year, we celebrate 13 children – who each represent the 13 original colonies – at our ceremony. The Children of the American Revolution read out the colonies' names and ring a bell in the order they joined the Union as each child comes up and receives their citizenship certificate,” Patricia Coyne, a regent of the DAR chapter, told ABC News.
Coyne said the ceremony "brings tears to [her] eyes every time as the children of America's first patriots welcome America's newest children."
"They are the future of our nation,” she said, noting she believes celebrating naturalization in Philadelphia is especially significant because “our nation and the concept of citizenship began here.”
Meanwhile, Denver will welcome 30 new U.S. citizens from 18 countries Thursday.
“[The ceremony] reaffirms our city's emphasis on celebrating immigrants and recognizing their hard work and journeys to become citizens,” Jamie Torres, the director of the Office of Immigrant and Refugee Affairs for the City and County of Denver, told ABC News.
Torres noted that Denver is also launching a campaign to provide resources to permanent residents and encourage them to apply for citizenship.
“‘We have about 30,000 eligible permanent residents who can apply for citizenship. We want to answer their questions, help them sign up, and get them excited about becoming citizens,” she said. “We're stronger as a city when we're doing everything we can to help our immigrant population.”
Torres's favorite part of naturalization ceremonies is finding a “connection” between herself and the new citizens.
“Even if I don't know them personally, I feel a closeness to them,” she said.
New citizens celebrate July 4th
Rebecca Shi will never forget the day she became a U.S. citizen. And just last Thursday, she watched her mother take the oath of allegiance after 25 years of an “arduous journey” on the road to citizenship.
Shi explained that her mother, a Chinese doctor, came to the U.S. on a visa from Shi's father, but a court error led a judge to incorrectly rule that Shi's mother had overstayed her visa.
“The judge filed an order of deportation, even though my mom didn't overstay her visa,” she told ABC News. “So my mom became undocumented, and worked in Chinese restaurants. The tips she earned put me through the University of Chicago.”
After appealing to Rep. Luis Gutierrez D-Ill., Shi had the deportation order reviewed and canceled in 2013, paving the path to her mother's citizenship.
“My mom finally has the opportunity to fulfill her profession in the medical field, mentor the next generation of doctors, and fully reach her potential,” she said.
Drew Angerer/Getty Images
Shi recalls her mother studying for the citizenship test “every single day for eight months” and learning English through classes at a high school and community college. But her hard work paid off.
“She got 100% on the test,” Shi, who attended her mother's citizenship ceremony last week in Chicago, said.
Shi, who now serves as the executive director of the Illinois Business Immigration Coalition, a group that advocates for federal immigration reform, said she believes the “stakes are higher” today for people hoping to become citizens.
“Immigrants come here to work hard and be the best in their field, though some people call them ‘lazy.' So, we need to fully participate in our communities. And despite the rhetoric coming from [the Trump administration], we are still a democracy,” she said.
Shi said she encourages people to apply to become citizens, study for the citizenship test, and “save up” to pay the $730 application fee.
“People who step up decide the direction of our country. So I encourage people to become citizens, register to vote, and vote,” she said.
And Wednesday, Shi's mother partook in another kind of civic engagement: she and her daughter marched in her first Fourth of July parade as a U.S. citizen.
“She told me to buy her American-themed accessories,” Shi said between laughs, “so she could be one of those ladies dressed in an American flag, marching in the parade.”
Both Green River Wolves High School soccer teams came away with victories yesterday in Jackson. The Lady Wolves defeated Jackson 4-2. The win ups the girl's conference record to 3-1 and 6-4 on the year.
Meanwhile the Green River boys improved to 3-0-1 in conference play with a 3-1 win over Jackson. The Wolves are now 6-3-1 on the overall season.
Both the Wolves and Lady Wolves will resume play on Saturday when they play at Rock Springs.
Congratulations Erin Brackett, you are our Pal's Photo in a Flash winner for Monday, December 11th!
We select our winners each day and feature the winning photos on News Channel 11 at 5:00 p.m. and 5:30 p.m.
Enter our Pal's Photo in a Flash contest by emailing your best photo to wininaflash@wjhl.com.
If your photo is featured in our newscasts, simply stop by to pick up your FREE coffee mug Monday – Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
If you were a Pal's Photo in a Flash winner since January 1, 2016, you can stop by the station or call 423-926-2151 to arrange to pick up your mug.
If you live quite a distance from our studios, be sure to call the above number so that we can make arrangements for you.
“All Canadians deserve to be able to retire with dignity … Seniors can now receive $1,700 more per year.” The tweet went out Tuesday from the prime minister and his social development minister, Jean-Yves Duclos, to celebrate the package of measures the Liberals have introduced since coming to power that benefit seniors. And who could argue with it?
It would be churlish not to praise the Liberals to the rafters for helping the most vulnerable in our society — and who are more vulnerable than our venerable seniors?
All Canadians deserve to be able to retire with dignity. Investments made by the Government of Canada mean seniors can now receive up to $1,700 more per year. #cdnpoli pic.twitter.com/EFrWnzn6yM — Jean-Yves Duclos (@jyduclos) July 3, 2018
The answer is just about everyone. Poverty for seniors is roughly half what it is for the general population.
The genius of this government's social policy is that it has played on an inherent bias in the media. Not the tired old trope about journalists all being lefties. Some are. Most would boil their grandmothers down for glue for a story. But there is an inherent bias in covering the expenditure of billions of taxpayers' dollars because, while it's easy to illustrate the impact of increased spending on seniors or children, it is almost impossible to trace those taxes back to their source and explain alternative uses for that money.
The data from the 2016 Census suggests the “crisis” the Liberals sought to solve in the 2015 election didn't really exist. Trudeau's mandate letter to Duclos urged him to “provide more direct help to those who need it,” particularly “the struggling middle class.”
But the data shows this was a political construct designed to siphon votes from people who, while they may have felt themselves under pressure, were better off across the board than a decade prior.
Using the low income cut-off after-tax threshold (below which people would have to devote a larger share of their income than average to necessities like food, shelter and clothing), the census showed the number of poor seniors across Canada had declined from 6.7 per cent in 2005 to 5.1 per cent 10 years later. The proportion of 18-to-64-year-olds beneath the LICO threshold also fell — from 11.7 per cent to 9.9 per cent — but in percentage terms that was still double the number of poor seniors.
The share of children in poverty was also declining, even before the extremely generous Canada Child Benefit program was introduced.
Income levels were on the rise across the country in the decade prior to 2015. The national median income rose 12.7 per cent, a number that masked huge increases in some provinces like Newfoundland and Labrador (up 37 per cent), Saskatchewan (36.2 per cent) and Manitoba (19.2 per cent). One-parent families were better off (income up 12.8 per cent); couples with children were better off (a median income increase of 15.7 per cent); even little old ladies were better off.
The promises that are now feeding through into benefits payments saw elderly benefits (the Old Age Security and Guaranteed Income Supplement programs) increase in value by $2.7 billion in 2016/17, according to Canada's annual financial report, an increase of 5.9 per cent. There are more beneficiaries, but this year's departmental estimates put that figure at roughly half the percentage spending increase.
Children's benefits have also rocketed, up $4 billion from the $18 billion spent by the Conservatives. Indexation of the CCB started this month and will add an extra $1 billion to the cost every year.
Employment insurance payments are up and increases to the Working Income Tax Benefit will feed through into this year's expenses.
In the last available annual report — 2016/17 — program expenses increased 6 per cent to $287 billion, up $16 billion from the previous year. The projection in the 2018 budget was that the current 2017/18 fiscal year will see spending break the $300-billion mark for the first time.
As a result of the deficit spending, public debt charges rose 5.2 per cent in 2016/17, or $1.3 billion, despite interest rates being at historic lows.
The claim is that the massive upsurge in social spending will give Canadians “the tools, skills and resources they need to be successful.” As an exercise in political marketing, it has been excellent — consistent with the Liberal brand of taking the fear out of everyday life.
The plan was conceived ingeniously as a coherent package to provide a guaranteed annual income to seniors and lower-income families. The OAS/GIS increases, the CCB and the new Canada Workers Benefit (formerly the Working Income Tax Benefit) were all designed to mesh together as a social safety net. A single mother with two kids earning $35,000 will get $3,500 a year more under the new system than under the old.
Combined with the planned Canada Pension Plan reforms, the elderly benefit enhancement will mean retired seniors will eventually have income in the ballpark of a full-time minimum-wage worker. And they will be able to claim OAS at 65 after the Liberals reversed the Conservative move to increase the eligibility age to 67 (on the basis that the number of retirees will nearly double over the next 20 years).
As Université Laval economics professor Stephen Gordon has pointed out, for people on low income retirement is a salvation and many will see their income rise when they retire.
But that suggests the government is administering aid to the wrong patient.
Thomas Sowell, the American economist and social theorist, argued in his 1995 book The Vision of the Anointed that policies favoured by interventionists repeat a “pattern of failure” — “the crisis,” “the solution,” results and the response.
In the case of the “war on poverty” in the U.S. in the 1960s, the purpose was to reduce dependency on government. But Sowell claimed dependency on government transfers was declining even before the “war on poverty” began.
He said that number increased after programs like the Economic Opportunity Act of 1964 were introduced. There were more people in poverty in 1992 than in 1964, he said, citing U.S. Census statistics, and the number of people receiving public assistance more than doubled between 1960 and 1977. Federal spending on social welfare programs rose as a percentage of gross national product from 8 per cent in 1960 to 16 per cent in 1974.
The Liberals have been adept at creating a political crisis and applying a solution, even if the empirical evidence suggests seniors and median earners were all seeing their incomes rise before any additional intervention.
It is too early judge the Trudeau government on results, but any day of reckoning must also take into account the alternative uses for those tens of billions of taxpayers dollars, many of which are being borrowed from future generations.
• Email: jivison@nationalpost.com | Twitter: IvisonJ
The Boone County Animal Shelter has temporarily suspended dog intake and adoptions due to an increase in the number of respiratory disease cases.
The shelter is now encouraging owners to vaccinate their pets for distemper.
According to the shelter, the increase began last week. They said four samples were sent for testing and two of those samples were positive for canine distemper.
“While illness in an animal shelter is not uncommon, we saw several dogs exhibiting cough, running nose, and fever at the same time”, Beckey Reiter, Director of Boone County Animal Care and Control said in a news release. “We were dealing with something airborne so we immediately isolated that section of the shelter, notified local veterinarians and shelter patrons and began treating the symptoms while awaiting the test results”.
The Boone County Animal Shelter said the strain is "wild type," which means the virus originated from foxes, raccoons or skunks.
Eighteen dogs in total have shown symptoms. Six recovered quickly, and 12 are currently under treatment, according to the shelter.
The shelter said distemper is highly contagious and unvaccinated dogs, young and old, are most susceptible to catching the disease.
Reiter said people and their pets should avoid contact with wildlife.
Copyright 2017 WXIX. All rights reserved.
By Kristina Pritchett
The Festival of Whales Foundation will commence its logo design contest on Tuesday, Aug. 15, for the upcoming 47th annual event.
Logo contest submissions must include a representation of a California gray whale, or whales, and is open to the public.
The winning logo will appear on Festival of Whales promotional materials, including clothing, posters, flyers, tote bags, digital media advertising, the official event program, event signage, press coverage and more.
The winner will also be invited to ride in a classic car during the Festival of Whales Parade and attend a poster signing at the Street Fair.
“Opening the Festival of Whales Logo Design Contest to the public last year, following a five-year student only design program, was a great success,” Festival of Whales Foundation co-chair Donna Kalez said in a statement. “The Festival returned to its roots with regard to the creation of a logo by offering the opportunity to artists, hobbyists, students—really any interested whale enthusiast—to have their art chosen to represent this iconic Dana Point event. The Festival was built on community involvement, and this contest serves as just one of many open invitations for individuals to lend their talents toward its success. The online public runoff vote among the five finalists is also a fun way to rally around your favorite design and have a say in the eventual outcome of the contest.”
A list of technical criteria as well as instructions for uploading submissions can be found at www.festivalofwhales.com.
All submissions must be completed by midnight, Oct. 4. The Foundation board will select five finalists, and one winner will be selected by a public vote via social media during the week of Oct. 5-11.
The first prize winner will receive $500, two whale watching tickets and a choice of four pieces of event merchandise. The second place recipient will receive $100 and two whale watching tickets, third place will receive $50 and two whale watching tickets. Fourth and fifth place will receive two whale watching tickets.
The annual event is scheduled for March 3, 4, 10 and 11, 2018.
There is much enthusiasm centered around Easton Area High School this year. The football team gets a fresh start with Jeff Braido as the new head coach. So there is much preparation for this year's season.
But the football team isn't the only one preparing for what's ahead. The Easton Area High School "Red Rover" Marching Band, like many area high school bands, are gearing up for a new season.
Here is a look at the band:
Director: Ms. Carole A. Lutte
Drum Majors: Alenah Yi, Andrew Gifford and Jack Joseph
Total number of band and color guard members: 305
Halftime Show Theme/Music: El Diablo de Las Lomas
Meet the 2016 Easton Area High School Marching Band (PHOTOS)
Major Competitions: First Flags Over The United Colonies Band Festival, Phillipsburg Band Festival, Neshaminy Band Festival and West Chester Christmas Parade.
Major Trips: The marching band will be headed to Arizona for the Fiesta Bowl Parade and National Band Championship on Dec. 28 to Jan. 2.
The EAHS Marching Band will perform Sept. 1, 2017 as the Red Rovers face Liberty at Cottingham Stadium.
Saed Hindash may be reached at shindash@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @SaedHindash. Find lehighvalleylive on Facebook.
BILLINGS, Mont. — The owners of one of the largest underground coal mines in the United States said Friday that “the clock is running” on potential layoffs and asked an appellate court to intervene after a judge halted a planned expansion of the Montana mine.
Signal Peak Energy has said up to 30 workers from the Bull Mountain Mine could run out of work by the end of October and be laid off under an August ruling from U.S. District Judge Donald Molloy.
Molloy sided with environmentalists who said that in approving the expansion, the Department of Interior's Office of Surface Mining had failed to fully consider the greenhouse gas impacts of burning coal.
With backing from the Trump administration, Signal Peak last month filed an emergency motion for Molloy to reconsider and allow limited work to continue. But the judge denied the request this week and scheduled an Oct. 31 hearing date to address the company's arguments for why work should continue.
Signal Peak spokesman Mike Dawson declined to say if the hearing would be too late for workers whose jobs are said to be in peril. The company's appeal is before the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco.
“We want to avoid any layoffs,” Dawson said. “The clock is running.”
Another 50 workers could run out of work by next March and 80 more by 2019, the company has said. The Montana Environmental Information Center, which sued to stop the expansion, opposes any changes to Molloy's original order.
The mine north of Billings employs about 250 workers and ships 95 per cent of its fuel to customers in Asia, according to court filings. It's seeking to expand onto a 176-million ton coal reserve beneath land adjacent to the mine.
In approving the expansion, federal mining officials had claimed there would be no additional environmental impacts from burning more coal from Bull Mountain because its customers would simply go somewhere else if the expansion were not approved.
Molloy rejected that argument and also said officials had inflated the mine's economic benefits in order to justify the expansion approval.
CLEVELAND — LeBron James will sit out Friday's exhibition game against the Indiana Pacers as he recovers from a sprained left ankle.
James got hurt on Sept. 27 when he stepped on a teammate's foot in practice. He took part in Cleveland's workout on Thursday and the club wanted to see how he responded before deciding if he would try to go against the Pacers. He's going to sit again as a precaution, the team said.
The three-time champion also missed Wednesday's preseason opener against Atlanta. Cleveland next plays on Tuesday against Chicago.
James and his teammates attended Thursday night's AL Division Series matchup between the Indians and New York Yankees.
Iman Shumpert will miss Friday's game with a sprained left foot that is expected to keep him out for a week or more.
The Cavaliers open the regular season on Oct. 17 against the Boston Celtics.
THE GAME: Cody Bellinger, Joc Pederson and Trayce Thompson hit home runs to give the Dodgers a 3-0 victory over the Oakland A's on Monday night at Camelback Ranch in Glendale, Ariz.
PITCHING REPORT: LHP Alex Wood was outstanding in his fourth Cactus League start of the spring. He struck out six of the first 12 batters he faced and seven in five scoreless innings. Wood will make one more start Saturday and is slotted in to start the season as the Dodgers' No. 2 starter. “To start the season behind Clayton (Kershaw) is obviously a great honor,” Wood said. “To be on a team as good as we are and to throw second behind the greatest pitcher of our generation is pretty cool.” … RHP Kenley Jansen retired the side in order in his inning. … RHP J.T. Chargois struck out the side in his inning. In seven innings this spring, Chargois has allowed two hits and struck out nine.
HITTING REPORT: Bellinger and Pederson hit their home runs in the bottom of the seventh inning. Thompson hit his first of the spring in the eighth. The Dodgers had just two other hits – both singles by Logan Forsythe.
DEFENSE REPORT: Trayce Thompson threw a runner out at third base on a single to right field in the fourth inning. The tag was made for the third out of the inning before the lead runner from second could touch home plate, negating the run.
UP NEXT: RHP Kenta Maeda is scheduled to start against the Oakland A's (RHP Paul Blackburn) at HoHoKam Stadium in Mesa, Tuesday, 1 p.m. (SportsNet LA and 570 AM).
LONDON (CNNMoney) -- French workers have won the right to ignore business emails that arrive after hours.
A new labor law that took effect on Sunday gives employees the "right to disconnect" from email, smartphones and other electronic leashes once their working day has ended.
"These measures are designed to ensure respect for rest periods and ... balance between work and family and personal life," the Ministry of Labor said in a statement.
The rule requires companies with 50 or more employees to negotiate new out-of-office email guidelines with staff. Firms have a duty to regulate the use of emails to ensure employees get a break from the office.
If management and staff cannot agree on new rules, the firm must publish a charter to define and regulate when employees should be able to switch off.
French unions have long pushed for a "disconnect" rule, saying digital technologies have created an "explosion of undeclared labor" that is forcing employees to work outside the typical work week.
Some French companies have already put rules in place to bar employees from using their work devices after hours. Some firms even completely shut down their email systems overnight.
The email rule is the latest in a series of measures designed to overhaul France's labor laws.
The government last year introduced new rules that make it easier for employers to fire workers and reduce overtime pay. The changes resulted in crippling strikes.
The country's 35-hour work week has been in place since 2000, but various reforms have softened these rules over time and some industries are granted special exceptions.
France's economy has been stagnating for years and many multinational firms take a dim view of French business regulations.
The International Monetary Fund expects France's economy will grow by 1.3% this year, on a par with 2016.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON — A prominent Washington lawyer who authored a report that's a key part of the special counsel's investigation into Paul Manafort has left his law firm.
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom confirmed Tuesday that Greg Craig, a former White House counsel under President Barack Obama, is no longer with the firm. His biography has been removed from the law firm website. The firm didn't immediately comment beyond confirming his departure.
Craig wrote a report funded by the Ukrainian Ministry of Justice about the trial of a former Ukrainian prime minister.
That report is cited in the indictment against Manafort, President Donald Trump's former campaign chairman. Manafort is accused of using offshore accounts to secretly funnel more than $4 million to fund the report.
Craig is not accused of any wrongdoing.
YEREVAN, Armenia (AP) — Armenia's government and the country's opposition are taking part in events to mark the massacre of 1.5 million Armenians a century ago by Ottoman Turks.
Tuesday's commemoration of the massacre that began 103 years ago —viewed by Armenians and many historians as genocide — comes after the country's prime minister resigned in a surprise move following days of anti-government protests.
Armenia's acting prime minister and other officials laid flowers at a hilltop memorial complex in Armenia's capital Tuesday morning along with thousands of residents. Leaders of the opposition and their supporters were marching to the memorial later on Tuesday.
Turkey, the successor to the Ottoman Empire, vehemently denies that the massacre was genocide and insists it was part of the violence during World War I.
HOUSTON - Thursday marks the fifth anniversary of a massive fire that resulted in the deaths of five Houston firefighters.
On May 31, 2013, firefighters were called to the five-alarm blaze at the Southwest Inn along the Southwest Freeway.
Believing there were people trapped, Houston fire Capt. Bill Dowling led a rescue attempt. A roof collapsed, killing firefighters Robert Bebee, Matthew Renaud, Anne Sullivan and Robert Garner.
VIDEO: Station 51, 68 firefighters talk about fallen comrades
Dowling was seriously injured in the collapse. His legs were amputated, and he was left unable to communicate after suffering serious brain damage. He died last year.
PHOTOS: HFD Capt. Bill Dowling through the years
Thirteen others were injured in the blaze.
An investigation revealed that the fire started in an attic about three hours before firefighters were called, and the department's radio system became overloaded when rescue teams were trying to locate the missing firefighters.
Investigators found a total of eight factors that contributed to the fire.
PHOTOS: Never-before-seen photos of Southwest Inn fire
In the years that followed, the Houston Fire Department took steps to improve communications and update the performance of the department's digital radio system across the city. New technology was also added to help incident commanders track assignments at the scene.
Families of the four firefighters killed in the initial collapse filed a lawsuit against Motorola, claiming the company's radios did not work properly as firefighters tried to call for help.
A small memorial of red crosses bearing the station numbers of the fallen firefighters stands in place of the inn.
The Southwest Inn fire is considered the deadliest day in the history of the Houston Fire Department.
VIDEO: A look back at the lives of the four fallen HFD firefighters
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jon McCarthy believes that Hartlepool United could be suffering from a relegation hangover following their poor start to life in the National League.
Chester FC manager McCarthy comes up against Craig Harrison's Pools side at Victoria Park this evening (7.45pm) in a game where both sides will be battling for their first three points of the season.
One of the pre-season title favourites, Hartlepool have gleaned just one point from their opening three National Leagues games following their relegation from the Football League at the end of last season, with Harrison, hired as boss in the summer after several trophy-laden years with The New Saints in the Welsh Premier League, already facing a battle to win over fans.
Having faced National League North promoted sides AFC Fylde and FC Halifax Town, Chester now face another National League new boy in the shape of Hartlepool, and McCarthy believes that the slow start for Pools is no more than a hangover from last season.
“He should have a better quality of player there, he's got players from the league above,” said the Chester manager, who watched his side labour to a 0-0 draw at home to Halifax on Saturday .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“They've not had a great start. But there is that little hangover. We had a Fylde and Halifax coming here who are used to winning games, and there is that mentality. He (Harrison) has got a team that he has got to turn around that was used to losing games and who will be seen as a big fish.”
Harrison having moved from his Chester home in order take up a job with Hartlepool in his native North East, has strong links to the city.
Stints as boss at Airbus UK Broughton and The New Saints have seen him cross paths with the Blues during pre-season and behind-closed-doors clashes, but tonight will be his first competitive clash against Chester.
When asked if he had spoken to Harrison prior to the clash McCarthy said: “No, none at all, he just stole one of my players without calling me (former Chester skipper Luke George), maybe that's why he didn't ring me.
“I am joking. We come from similar areas of the country and I'm very aware of how he likes to play football and it will be interesting to see if he is still trying to play that TNS way, I'd be surprised if he is doing anything different.”
Is Easter becoming the new spring Christmas?
It seems that way with all the toys children are getting!
Are people going overboard with Easter now!?
Listen above to hear more!!
Join the conversation! Share your opinion on this story with Karson & Kennedy on Facebook, Twitter & Instagram.
This article was originally published on The Conversation, an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts. Disclosure information is available on the original site.
——
Author: Alina Nastasoiu, Assistant Professor, McMaster University
Aeroplan, a popular Canadian loyalty program, found itself in hot water recently after launching a survey that asked participants about contentious issues, such as whether immigration “threatens the purity of the country” or whether men have a “natural superiority over women.”
CROP, the marketing research company that designed the survey for Aeroplan, defended the practice, stating that learning about consumers' values can help companies predict their preferences and choices.
The loyalty program apologized and announced it was deleting all the data collected through the survey. But the move is not likely to placate consumers who are already angry with the company.
As a marketing professor who teaches consumer behaviour and researches loyalty programs, I believe consumers perceived the survey to be backwards on several distinct levels.
First, the scope of the questions seemed out of line with the mission of travel rewards program.
Second, the questions were offensive to many respondents because they appeared to normalize intolerant views.
And third, there is the concern that simply asking such charged questions can change respondents' attitudes and render them more xenophobic, prejudiced and sexist.
All information is precious
To many, these questions seemed completely irrelevant to Aeroplan's mission and business model.
As a coalition reward program, Aeroplan sells its miles to a very diverse set of partners like Costco, Esso and TD. The partners hand out the points to their customers as a token of appreciation for their business and as an incentive to remain loyal.
Finally, the customers swap the miles they have accumulated for rewards offered by Aeroplan, like vacation packages or merchandise, thus closing the loop.
Consumer research has a long tradition of using rich, varied information that's not limited only to dry demographic data to understand customers and their needs and preferences.
Back in the 1960s, researchers would use information ranging from the number of airplane trips one took to whether customers used hemorrhoid remedies to build consumer profiles for two competing beer brands.
Some of the apparently irrelevant characteristics turned out to distinguish between consumers with different types of lifestyles — somebody who spends a lot of time outdoors, for example, versus somebody who travels abroad frequently.
Furthermore, a consumer's lifestyle was correlated with their propensity to drink one of the two beers — hence the relevance of the questions that seemed to have nothing at all to do with the product.
Different lifestyles, values, attitudes, interests and preferences tend to be clustered together — for example, Swiss consumers who are price-insensitive to wine tend to be older, well-informed, live in a single household and are more likely to prefer both Italian and German wines than other consumers.
The fact that different lifestyles are associated with clusters of attitudes and consumption patterns means that seemingly irrelevant details about a person can be diagnostic of their preferences in a wide variety of contexts. No surprise, then, that Cambridge Analytica was so keen on gathering apparently benign and trivial information, such as one's Facebook likes.
In the era of machine learning, marketing researchers not only need more data, but they need more diverse, comprehensive data that contain new, non-redundant information. The contentious questions in CROP's survey were precisely designed to tap into a fresh pool of insights.
No question is neutral
The contentious questions were framed in the affirmative, asking respondents about the extent to which they agreed with the statements. They could have just as easily been presented in the negative — for example, “immigration does not threaten the purity of the country.”
It may seem a superficial difference, but research shows that people are prone to acquiescence bias. That is, they tend to agree, rather than disagree, with statements presented in surveys. So the framing of the question will impact the way people respond to it.
Furthermore, respondents expect that “agree” is the correct answer, the one that questionnaire's designers expected. Applying this logic to Aareoplan's case, it appears that the company is implicitly backing the statements and thus legitimizing them.
We also know that measurement tools like surveys or interviews that are commonly used in social sciences can interfere with and change the attitudes that we are trying to measure. The concern here is that by floating these statements, the company may actually contribute to the creation and proliferation of bigoted and narrow viewpoints.
Humans like consistency
For example, if someone has no clear attitudes towards immigration, they might be more likely to agree with the statement that immigration threatens “the purity of the country” due to the way the question was framed and to acquiescence bias.
Since humans also like to maintain a consistency across time, the tiny act of having answered in the affirmative to this question may lead them to perceive themselves as the type of person who disagrees with immigration-friendly policies.
Of course, the chain of events I just described is probabilistic — based on a theory of probability and so subject to chance. But applied to a large number of respondents, the effects may still be material.
In the era of artificial intelligence, companies can capitalize on any type of information they gather on their customers or prospective customers. At the same time, consumers are becoming more sensitive about the data they share with merchants and also to the specific questions they are being asked.
It's not a zero-sum game: Sometimes consumers can benefit by letting companies know more about what they really want. But finding that sweet spot where companies can learn about consumers without invading their privacy or offending them is not easy.
——
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Disclosure information is available on the original site. Read the original article:
https://theconversation.com/aeroplans-troublesome-purity-of-the-coun https://theconversation.com/aer
By MICHAEL MAROTAP Sports Writer
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - Andrew Luck isn't sure when he'll start throwing again and won't set a timetable for his return from shoulder surgery.
The Indianapolis Colts starting quarterback isn't expected to do much - if any - work during the team's offseason workouts.
Players and coaches held their first official team activities Monday at the team complex, and for the first time Luck acknowledged that his injury problems began during a Week 3 contest at Tennessee in 2015.
He missed nine games that season with an assortment of injuries, including a lacerated kidney. After the season, Luck said he decided to undergo rehab rather than opt for surgery. But after aggravating the injury several times last season, he decided to have surgery.
__
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
After dozens of coaching changes in the last 25 years, Saudi Arabia has a proven winner in charge for this year's World Cup.
Juan Antonio Pizzi led Chile to the 2016 Copa America title, but it won't likely be easy for the Argentine to get his new team to play the same kind of high-octane, pressing style he used in South America.
Most of the squad heading to Russia doesn't have any significant experience playing club football outside their homeland. The team is currently the lowest ranked of the 32 participants at No. 70.
Saudi sports authorities tried to change that by sending nine players, including four internationals, on a half-season loan to Spanish clubs in January. Although wingers Fahad Al Muwallad and Salam Al Dawsari, and midfielder Yahya Al Sherhi are being exposed to different training methods, they have not played a competitive game.
The Saudis made their World Cup debut in 1994, reaching the round of 16. Since then, the team has gone through more than 30 coaching changes while qualifying for the 1998, 2002 and 2006 tournaments and going out in the group stage.
Bert van Marwijk, who coached the Netherlands to the 2010 World Cup final, led Saudi Arabia through the most recent qualification campaign but failed to agree on a new contract to lead the team in Russia.
Edgardo Bauza replaced the Dutchman, but he lasted only two months. The Argentine was fired in November after underwhelming performances in five friendlies and was replaced by Pizzi.
Here's a closer look at the Saudi Arabia team:
COACH
Pizzi took over after failing to qualify for the World Cup with Chile.
The 49-year-old coach's target is making the round of 16. There have been signs so far of an attempt to introduce more of a passing style instead of the direct strategy used in the two years under Van Marwijk.
GOALKEEPERS
Four goalkeepers were called up for the recent warm-up games and Pizzi isn't fixed on a starter.
Walled Abdullah and Yasser Al Mosailem appear to be vying for the role. Abdullah is more experienced and is likely to be better able to handle physical challenges, although Mosailem performed well in a 1-1 draw with Ukraine in March.
DEFENDERS
The back four is an experienced unit but with three likely starters over 30 they are susceptible to pace from opponents.
The 34-year-old Omasa Hawsawi and 32-year-old Omar Hawsawi are set to partner in the center.
MIDFIELDERS
Much depends on Abdullah Otayf, a holding midfielder who has drawn comparisons with Luka Modric of Real Madrid.
If Saudi Arabia can start to play out from the back, the 25-year-old Otayf can make the team tick.
Taisir Al-Jassim, who has made more than 130 international appearances, adds to the solidity in the center while Al-Shehri provides creativity going forward.
FORWARDS
The team lacks a proven scorer at the top level with Mohammad Al-Sahlawi and Nasser Al-Shamrani both over 30 and not convincing against strong defenses.
The wide players are vital. Salem Al Dawsari and Fahad Al Muwallad, the most talented player available, provide much of the threat, although both have been sitting on the sidelines in Spain.
GROUP GAMES
The Saudis will be based in St. Petersburg but will play their opening match against host Russia in Moscow on June 14. That will be followed by a trip to Rostov-on-Don to play Uruguay on June 20 and to Volgograd to take on Egypt on June 25.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
TORONTO — Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred is encouraged by pace-of-play changes that have limited mound visits and reduced the time between innings at major league games this season.
Speaking in Toronto on Tuesday before the Blue Jays hosted the Boston Red Sox, Manfred said the new rules have sped up games without any disruption. Mound visits without pitching changes averaged 3.79 per game through Sunday, down from 7.41 for the 2017 season.
“Whenever you change a rule in baseball, people predict all sorts of dire outcomes, and we have avoided even the smallest of incidents related either to the mound visit rule or the shorter inning breaks,” Manfred said Tuesday. “Secondly, I'm positive about them because they've been effective. We are way down in terms of mound visits, I think down about 50 per cent, and our inning breaks are significantly shorter. I take both of those as positives in an ongoing effort to make sure that we're producing an entertainment product with as little dead time as possible.”
Manfred is a proponent of the pitch clocks currently in use in the minor leagues, but said he was “not in a position where I'm going to say for certain whether or not we're going to have pitch clocks at the big league level.” The players' association refused to agree to pitch clocks, and Manfred backed off of his threat to unilaterally implement them this year.
The commissioner also spoke about the number of games postponed by poor weather so far. Tuesday's game in Baltimore between the Rays and Orioles was the 27th to be postponed this season, the most related to weather through April since the commissioner's office started keeping those records in 1986.
“This has really been a unique April for us,” Manfred said. “We've set a record for the number of games that have been cancelled and, probably more troublingly, we've played a lot of games in really tough weather. I think we have 12 cities that have been more than 10 degrees below their average temperature for the month of April.”
Still, Manfred said the solution isn't as simple as scheduling early-season games in domes and warm-weather cities.
“No teams are going to want to start the season on the road for a couple of weeks,” Manfred said. “In fact, the Basic Agreement prohibits a trip that long. Equally important, the domed and warm-weather markets don't want that many games early in the year. Whether you have a dome or it's warm weather, until school gets out they are tougher dates. We will do everything possible to try to schedule in a way that minimizes weather damage. It's in our interest to do that. But there are real limitations in the schedule.”
Manfred's schedule in Toronto included a meeting with Blue Jays president Mark Shapiro and separate sessions with representatives of team owner Rogers Communications Inc., including chairman Edward Rogers.
Renovations to Rogers Centre, Toronto's home since June 1989, were among the items on Manfred's agenda.
“Given the passage of time, the building is probably out of date in terms of the amenities that are available in many of our ballparks,” Manfred said. “While the building is fundamentally sound, I think it needs an update to make it as economically viable as possible.”
Manfred tries to visit as many big league teams as he can each season and, having not been to Toronto last year, was eager to come early this season. The timing of his trip was unrelated to Monday's deadly attack in Toronto, in which 10 people were killed and 14 injured when a driver deliberately struck pedestrians with a van along a busy sidewalk.
“All of us at Major League Baseball were devastated,” Manfred said. “You were in our thoughts all day yesterday and will remain there for some time. I hope that maybe our game tonight will provide a little bit of the beginning of a healing process that will be important for this city.”
A blue banner reading #TORONTOSTRONG was hung from the second deck in centre field before Tuesday night's game, Toronto's first since the deadly incident. Similar signs were hung on the wall behind home plate, and the team planned to acknowledge the victims before the first pitch.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
MILAN — Inter Milan has signed Argentina forward Lautaro Martinez from Racing.
The Serie A club paid a reported 22 million euros ($25.7 million) for Martinez, with the player penning a five-year contract.
The 20-year-old Martinez turned down an offer from Real Madrid in order to get more playing time at Inter, according to his agent.
On Wednesday, Martinez said: “I expect to adapt quickly to a new type of football. It's very different from Argentine football, but I think Serie A will be very important for me to continue improving and will add other qualities to my game.”
Martinez is one of his country's top talents and scored 18 goals in 28 appearances last season.
He was included in Argentina's preliminary list for the World Cup but did not make the final squad.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (WYTV) – The Ohio Legislative Black Caucus (OLBC) does not want to see the state allow the Electronic Classroom of Tomorrow (ECOT) to become a dropout-recovery school without a discussion first.
As such, lawmakers are seeking an emergency oversight hearing to prevent ECOT from changing its curriculum.
They want to make sure ECOT can handle being a dropout-recovery school before they are given another cent of taxpayer dollars.
Recent state report cards showed that ECOT earned an “F,” but the Department of Education could allow ECOT to transition to a dropout-recovery school, which would immediately improve that grade.
This would allow ECOT to avoid losing the right to operate next year as a result of multiple failing grades.
State Senator Vernon Sykes says that's just not right.
“If you've had ineffective ratings, then you shouldn't be allowed to reclassify to give you the opportunity to be ineffective in another area,” said Sykes
Sykes and others in the OLBC are calling for an emergency hearing to discuss the future of ECOT.
“There is too much at stake when we are talking about real children, real lives that are at stake, to just change things in mid-stream when we know that they have some serious deficiencies in their accounting thus far,” said State Representative Stephanie Howse.
ECOT already owes the state close to $80 million in overpayments because of enrollment discrepancies they reported for the 2015-16 and 2016-17 school years.
And when it comes to verifying the requirements of becoming a dropout recovery school, the Department of Education simply takes the school's word for it.
“We need to judge people and organizations on their past performance, not on just what they say but what they have done; and their record is outrageous,” said Sykes.
There is some question whether ECOT can meet the enrollment requirements to become a dropout recovery school, which is supposed to serve 16- to 21-year-olds.
Bavaria break transfer record to sign Corentin Tolisso from Lyon
France midfielder Corentin Tolisso has moved to Bayern Munich from Lyon for a record fee that could reach 47.5 million euros ($53.5 million), the Bundesliga champions announced on Wednesday.
The 22-year-old signed a five-year deal with Bavaria to bring an end to his 10-year association with Lyon.
Before bonuses Bayern paid 41.5 million euros, making Tolisso the most expensive player to be signed by a Bundesliga club, breaking the previous record set when Javi Martinez joined Bayern from Athletic Bilbao in 2012.
It is also Lyon's most expensive sale, ahead of Michael Essien's departure to Chelsea for 38 million euros in 2005.
Tolisso, who made his senior international debut against Spain in March, had been contracted to stay at Parc OL until 2020.
He impressed in the recent French season by scoring 14 goals in all competitions, a career-best tally.
“I had a wonderful time at Lyon, and I'm very thankful for that,” Tolisso said in a statement released by his new club.
“Now I'm really pleased to be at one of the best clubs in Europe. I have great aims for my time at FC Bayern. Today is a great day for me.”
Tolisso is Bayern coach Carlo Ancelotti's most expensive signing of the close season so far after the arrival of defender Niklas Suele from Hoffenheim for 20 million euros, and the permanent transfer of Tolisso's compatriot Kingsley Coman from Juventus for 21 million.
The five-time European champions also paid Werder Bremen 10 million euros for former Arsenal winger Serge Gnabry.
After the retirement of Spaniard Xabi Alonso, there is a free slot in the Bavaria midfield.
“We're really pleased we've been able to sign such a young and interesting player ahead of stiff competition from abroad. Corentin Tolisso was Carlo Ancelotti's wish for our midfield,” Bavaria chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge added.
Tolisso will be a big miss though for Lyon, who finished fourth in Ligue 1 to miss out on a place in the Champions League.
“Corentin is an exceptional player and without doubt one of the best European midfielders, but also a man with great personality,” said Lyon president Jean-Michel Aulas.
“It's a big and emotional loss for OL, but we are also proud to see one of the players trained in our academy join one of the best clubs in Europe.”
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In British period drama Victoria, Rufus Sewell plays Prime Minister Lord Melbourne as a handsome brooding confidante to Jenna Coleman's young queen, whose troubled past doesn't stop him from forming a close (and almost romantic) bond with the new monarch that many disapprove of.
Advertisement
But what was the real Melbourne like? How close was he really to Victoria? And what secret scandals dogged him throughout his career?
Read on to find out…
The basics
Born in 1779, William Lamb (later 2nd Viscount Melbourne) was educated at Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge, later falling in with some Romantic poets (including Lord Byron and Percy Shelley) and serving in the Napoleonic wars.
In 1806 he was elected an MP for the Whig party (moving between various constituencies throughout his career), and later rising to become Prime Minister in 1834. After being temporarily dismissed by King William IV (who preferred the rival Tory party), he led further governments from 1835-1841.
Scandal
Lord Byron
After serving as an MP in various seats, Melbourne first came to unfortunate wider attention in 1812 after his wife Lady Caroline had an affair with poet and Libertine Lord Byron (something referred to several times in the ITV series). Coining the famous description of Byron as “mad, bad and dangerous to know” and sending him fan letters, Lady Caroline was later rejected by the poet resulting in increasingly public attempts at reconciliation, including an altercation at a ball where she broke a wine glass and threatened to self-harm.
Later, Lady Caroline wrote a Gothic novel called Glenarvon, which featured thinly-veiled versions of herself and her former lover along with caricatures of several society figures, which made her and Melbourne some influential enemies. But the pair remained fond of each other (Melbourne's own extra-marital affairs meant he didn't have much to be annoyed at her for), and even though they eventually separated in 1825 (at Lady Caroline's insistence) Melbourne still mourned her death three years later.
But that wasn't the end of scandal for Melbourne by a long shot. In 1836 (one year before Victoria rose to the throne) Melbourne was blackmailed by George Chapple Norton, who claimed that the Prime Minister had been having an affair with his wife Caroline (an author and society beauty who was close friends with Melbourne) and sought payment for his silence. Melbourne denied the demands for money, so Norton publicly accused him of the liaison with his wife and took him to court.
Luckily, Melbourne had the support of the King and prominent Tory the Duke of Wellington who urged him not to resign, and after Norton lost the case the Prime Minister was ultimately vindicated, though not without some reputational damage and the loss of his friendship with Caroline.
Relationship with Victoria
Jenna Coleman as Queen Victoria with Rufus Sewell's Melbourne
As portrayed in the TV series, Victoria and Melbourne were unusually close, with the Prime Minister spending four to five hours a day writing to her or visiting her and tutoring her in matters of politics.
However, despite some rumours at the time that Victoria would marry Melbourne, their real-life relationship was probably a little less romantic than how it's portrayed in ITV's version. In reality, Melbourne was forty years older than Victoria when she took to the throne (Jenna Coleman and Rufus Sewell have just 18 years between them) as well as overweight, with the Queen quoted as saying that she thought of Melbourne as a father having lost her own at the age of 8 months (with Melbourne's own daughter dying at a young age).
But it is true that Victoria was so distraught at the possibility of Melbourne leaving office in 1839 (as is depicted in the ITV series' second ever episode) that she nearly caused a constitutional crisis nicknamed The Bedchamber Crisis, refusing to replace members of her Whig entourage with Tories at the behest of Sir Robert Peel (who was to replace Melbourne as Prime Minister) and causing Melbourne to cancel his resignation.
Lord Melbourne and Prince Albert
When Melbourne's Whigs lost the general election in 1841 he stepped down as Prime Minister, and while Victoria continued writing to him afterwards the correspondence eventually ended as it was seen to be inappropriate. In any case, after marrying Prince Albert in 1840 the Queen had less need for Melbourne's advice, and their relationship cooled over the years (which some historians have said was upsetting for Melbourne).
Still, in contrast to how their relationship is portrayed in the TV series, Melbourne and Albert were not rivals for Victoria's heart, though their differing stance over social problems (Melbourne told the Queen to ignore poverty and illness among her people, whereas Albert had more compassion for the poor) is broadly accurate for both men's public positions.
Advertisement
Melbourne died in 1848, when his titles passed to his brother Frederick as both his son and daughter had passed away before him.
BARRIE, Ont. — Andrei Svechnikov scored a hat trick as the Barrie Colts defeated the Windsor Spitfires 6-2 on Saturday night in Ontario Hockey League action.
Aaron Luchuk had a power-play goal and three assists for the Colts (29-18-3). Dmitry Sokolov and Jason Willms also chipped in while Leo Lazarev turned aside 25 shots.
Curtis Douglas and Jake Smith scored for Windsor (23-22-4), which got 33 saves from Michael DiPietro.
Barrie went 2 for 5 on the power play and the Spitfires converted once on six opportunities.
—
STING 5 KNIGHTS 1
SARNIA, Ont. — Anthony Salinitri scored the first of three goals in the second period to lift the Sting past London.
Drake Rymsha, Adam Ruzicka, Sean Josling and Hugo Leufvenius rounded out the attack for Sarnia (36-12-4). Justin Fazio turned aside 23 shots for the win in net.
Alex Formenton opened the scoring for the Knights (26-20-4) while Jordan Kooy combined with Joseph Raaymakers for 25 saves.
—
BULLDOGS 2 STEELHEADS 1
HAMILTON — Riley Stillman scored the winner and Nick Donofrio made 30 saves as the Bulldogs topped Mississauga.
Matthew Strome opened the scoring for Hamilton (33-12-6).
Michael McLeod responded for the Steelheads (23-26-1) and Emanuel Vella turned aside 23 shots.
—
FRONTENACS 5 ICEDOGS 3
KINGSTON, Ont. — Linus Nyman had two goals and an assist as the Frontenacs toppled Niagara.
Jason Robertson, Cliff Pu and Ryan Cranford also scored for Kingston (27-16-7). Jeremy Helvig stopped 36 shots.
Akil Thomas, Sam Miletic and Danial Singer scored for the IceDogs (26-16-7). Colton Incze made 34 saves.
—
GENERALS 8 PETES 2
PETERBOROUGH, Ont. — Kenny Huether and Domenico Commisso each scored once and assisted twice as Oshawa crushed the Petes.
Hayden McCool, Serron Noel, Nick Wong, Jack Studnicka, Renars Krastenbergs and Brendan Harrogate supplied the rest of the offence for the Generals (24-23-3). Kyle Keyser made 37 saves.
Nick Robertson had both goals for Peterborough (18-26-6) and Hunter Jones combined with Dylan Wells for 32 saves.
—
SPIRIT 3 FIREBIRDS 2
SAGINAW, Mich. — Mason Kohn scored the eventual winner on a second-period power play and Evan Cormier stopped 29 shots as the Spirit edged Flint.
DJ Busdeker and Ryan Stepien also chipped in for Saginaw (25-16-6).
Ty Dellandrea and Maurizio Colella had power-play goals for the Firebirds (24-21-4). Garrett Forrest kicked out 30-of-33 shots.
—
ATTACK 6 RANGERS 3
OWEN SOUND, Ont. — Maksim Sushko struck twice and Olivier Lafreniere turned away 21 shots as the Attack got past Kitchener.
Kevin Hancock, Jonah Gadjovich, Brett McKenzie and Cade Robinson also scored for Owen Sound (23-19-7).
Logan Brown, Givani Smith and Adam Mascherin scored for the Rangers (34-15-2). Luke Richardson made 38 saves.
—
— This roundup was generated automatically with a CP-developed application.
BOSTON — A Massachusetts man accused of waging a relentless cyberstalking campaign against his former roommate stole and distributed personal photos and diary entries from her computer and created fake online accounts soliciting sex in her name that caused men to show up at her home, federal prosecutors said Friday.
Ryan Lin, 24, was arrested Thursday night and charged with one count of cyberstalking, the U.S. attorney's office said. The Newton man is set to make his first appearance in Boston's federal court on Friday.
Lin's attorney didn't immediately respond to a message left at his office Friday.
Lin began stalking the 24-year-old woman in April 2016, when they both lived in an apartment in Watertown, prosecutors said. They say Lin hacked into the woman's online accounts and stole private photos and diary entries that included details about her medical, psychological and sexual history. Prosecutors say he then sent her personal information to hundreds of others, including her co-workers, family members and parents' colleagues.
Lin also created fake profiles of the woman on websites dedicated to prostitution and sexual fetishes that said she wanted to participate in a rape fantasy and “gang bang,” prosecutors said. The phoney posts caused at least three men she didn't know to show up at her home looking for sex, according to an FBI affidavit.
Prosecutors say Lin also made threats to her home in Waltham and a nearby school and sent disturbing messages to people close to her. The harassment caused the woman to move out of state, the affidavit says.
Lin graduated from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute with a degree in computer science, according to the affidavit. If convicted, he faces up to five years in prison.
Harold Shaw, special agent in charge of the FBI's Boston Field Division, said Lin's actions caused a “huge amount of angst, alarm, and unnecessary expenditure of limited law enforcement resources.”
“This kind of behaviour is not a prank, and it isn't harmless. He allegedly scared innocent people, and disrupted their daily lives, because he was blinded by his obsession,” Shaw said.
Anti-Trump gunman attacks US lawmakers, dies in shootout
Alexandria, United States | AFP | A rifle-wielding critic of President Donald Trump opened fire Wednesday on US lawmakers practicing for a charity baseball game, seriously wounding a top Republican congressman and three others before he was killed by police.
The 66-year-old gunman was identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois, an ardent supporter of liberal Senator Bernie Sanders — who said he was “sickened” by the “despicable act.”
In a national address, Trump appealed for unity following the morning assault in the Washington suburb of Alexandria, Virginia, which came amid bitterly partisan political tension in the US capital in the aftermath of a vitriol-filled 2016 election.
“We are strongest when we are unified and when we work together for the common good,” said the president.
Congressman Steve Scalise — the number three Republican in the House of Representatives and a strong supporter of US gun rights — underwent surgery after being shot in the left hip.
He remains in critical condition following initial surgery and blood transfusions, MedStar Washington Hospital Center said in an update late Wednesday.
“The bullet traveled across his pelvis, fracturing bones, injuring internal organs, and causing severe bleeding,” a statement said.
“He will require additional operations.”
Three others were shot and injured: a congressional aide, a lobbyist for Tyson Foods, and a US Capitol Police officer.
A second Capitol police officer suffered non-gunshot injuries, the FBI said. Two congressmen said they had sustained minor injuries while trying to take cover.
Trump described Scalise as a “very good friend” and “patriot,” telling him: “America is praying for you and America is praying for all of the victims of this terrible shooting.”
He and First Lady Melania Trump later visited Scalise in hospital, bringing flowers.
The FBI said it had recovered and was attempting to trace two weapons, a rifle and a handgun, and was actively investigating Hodgkinson's “associates, whereabouts, social media impressions, and potential motivations.”
According to his Facebook page, Hodgkinson was a fervent supporter of Sanders, the feisty independent who battled Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination last year.
Hodgkinson's social media posts displayed strong anti-Trump sentiment.
“I know he wasn't happy with the way things were going, the election results and stuff,” his brother, Michael Hodgkinson, told The New York Times. But he said news of the shooting came “totally out of the blue.”
Sanders swiftly responded to report the suspect had volunteered on his presidential campaign.
“I am sickened by this despicable act,” he said.
“Let me be as clear as I can be. Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms.”
– ‘Run, he's got a gun' –
All Wednesday House votes were canceled, but the annual congressional baseball game will go on as planned at Nationals Park.
“It will be play ball tomorrow night at 7:05,” Congressman Joe Barton, manager of the Republican team, said at a news conference with Mike Doyle, the Democratic team manager.
Doyle put his hand on Barton's shoulder several times as the Republican, who was at the practice with his son, recalled the horror of realizing that friends and co-workers were under attack.
“You know, it shouldn't take an incident like this to bring us together,” Doyle said, as Barton acknowledged that the present day highly-charged political atmosphere has widened the gap between parties on Capitol Hill.
After an all-members briefing where Democrats and Republicans held hands and prayed, House Speaker Paul Ryan and top Democrat Nancy Pelosi addressed the somber chamber and proclaimed lawmakers were “united.”
The shooting took place just after 7:00 am (1100 GMT) as the Republican team practiced for the well-loved charity showdown.
Congressman Rodney Davis told CNN he was at the plate at the time, and Scalise was in the field at second base.
“I was batting, we heard a loud noise…. The next thing I remember was somebody on the field yelling, ‘Run, he's got a gun.'”
Alexandria police chief Michael Brown said his officers arrived within minutes and engaged Hodgkinson, together with Capitol Police officers. The gunman was taken into custody and later died of his injuries.
Lawmaker Jeff Duncan said he was leaving the practice when he was approached by a man he later learned was the shooter, who asked if the team was Republican or Democrat before heading toward the field.
“I'm shaken up,” Duncan said. “My colleagues were targeted today by someone that wanted to kill them.”
– Gun rights advocate –
Barton had arrived at the US Capitol still wearing his red baseball uniform.
“The heroes are the police officers who attacked the shooter, and in doing so quite probably saved many, many lives.”
Scalise's office said the 51-year-old was “in good spirits” before entering surgery, although the hospital later updated his status to critical.
The conservative from the southern state of Louisiana is a firm supporter of US gun rights. Last month he introduced legislation that relaxes restrictions on interstate gun sales.
Several Democrats were practicing at a different field when they heard the news, and immediately gathered to pray for their wounded colleague.
Democrat Nanette Barragan said it will be “bittersweet” when she takes the field for her first congressional baseball game — under tightened security.
“We're going to look over our shoulder a little bit,” she said.
The post Anti-Trump gunman attacks US lawmakers, dies in shootout appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BARCELONA, Spain — Eibar crushed Sevilla 5-1 in the Spanish league on Saturday, while Real Betis forward Loren Moron scored twice in his debut.
Eibar outclassed an inexperienced Sevilla side that included Sandro Ramirez, Miguel Layun and Roque Mesa making their debuts following their arrivals in the final days of the January transfer market.
Fabian Orellana led Eibar with two goals. Enrique Garcia, Ivan Ramis and Anaitz Arbilla also netted for the Basque Country hosts.
Pablo Sarabia got Sevilla's only goal from the penalty spot in the first half to make it 2-1.
Sevilla coach Vicenzo Montella has managed to win once only in five rounds since replacing Eduardo Berizzo.
Sevilla faces an important match on Wednesday when it hosts Leganes in the return leg of the Copa del Rey semifinals after a 1-1 draw in the first match.
“I want to ask our fans to forgive us (for the loss), but I am sure that if we stay united we can reach the final (of the cup),” Montella said.
Eibar, whose budget of around 50 million euros is a third of Sevilla's, climbed to seventh place and to just one point behind Sevilla in sixth after losing only once in its last 11 league matches.
Eibar coach Jose Mendilibar said his team's performance was among its very best since the club joined the first division 3 1/2 seasons ago.
“Given the rival, the way we played, the occasions we created, what we didn't let them do . today we played a complete match in every sense,” Mendilibar said.
——
DREAM DEBUT
Loren Moron enjoyed a dream debut for Betis' first team in a 2-1 win when the reserve team forward struck twice to help down a Villarreal side that played with 10 men for an hour.
Daniele Bonera saw a direct red card in the 31st for a dangerous tackle of Ruben Castro.
Moron struck from outside the area in first-half stoppage time and added a second goal in the 65th.
Carlos Bacca pulled one back for Villarreal by scoring a penalty after Denis Cheryshev was fouled by Antonio Barragan.
Villarreal was left in fifth place, while Betis moved into ninth.
Archaeologists have discovered the remains of a man in Pompeii who they believe survived the first blast of Mount Vesuvius only to be crushed by a stone block launched by the volcanic cloud as he was attempting to flee nearly 2,000 years ago.
Officials in Italy said that the stone block, which might have been a door jamb, struck the man's upper body and crushed his thorax and head, which they have yet to excavate from underneath the stone.
Massimo Osanna, the general director of the archaeological site, said in a statement that it was an “exceptional find.”
“Beyond the emotional impact of these discoveries, the ability to compare them in terms of their pathologies and lifestyles as well as the dynamics of their escape from the eruption, but above all to investigate them with ever more specific instruments and professionalism present in the field, contribute toward an increasingly accurate picture of the history and civilization of the age,” he said.
Archaeologists believe the man may have been killed by the pyroclastic flow — the blast of hot ash lava and gas from the volcano — before he was struck by the rock, according to Live Science.
The man is believed to have been at least 30 years old. Officials said the skeleton showed evidence of a bone infection in one of the man's legs, which could have hindered his ability to escape “at the first dramatic signs which preceded the eruption.”
Vesuvius's explosion, in A.D. 79 is one of the world's most widely known historical natural disasters. The blast destroyed Pompeii and Herculaneum, two towns south of Naples, and left preserved many of the area's structures and human remains in ash. Archaeologists began new excavations at the site in March at a section called “Regio V.”
Vesuvius remains mainland Europe's only active volcano, according to the Telegraph. About 2,000 people died in Pompeii out of a population of 20,000. Many had fled because the volcano had been spewing ash and smoke for days before it erupted, the Telegraph reported.
HONOLULU — Fast-moving lava is flowing to another part of a rural Big Island district where Hawaii's Kilauea volcano is erupting, officials said Wednesday in advising those residents to evacuate.
Lava continues to advance toward subdivisions such as Vacationland were being advised to evacuate, the Hawaii County Civil Defence agency said.
“You are at risk of being isolated due to possible lava inundation,” the agency advised the public, referring to the area where two highways intersect.
Lava crossed a highway that connects the commercial centre with smaller towns and farms in the area, authorities said Tuesday. Hawaii County officials said lava destroyed the local electric utility's equipment on the highway, which knocked out power to Vacationland and Kapoho Beach Lots neighbourhoods toward the coast.
Officials ordered about 2,000 residents of Leilani Estates neighbourhood and nearby areas to evacuate when fissures began opening in the communities earlier this month.
The Hawaiian Volcano Observatory said vigorous eruption continues from the series of vents.
Lava from one fissure created fountains Tuesday night and into Wednesday morning that reached over 200 feet (61 metres). The fountains fed a lava flow that moved downslope along Highway 132, the observatory said.
The flow moved north of the highway and was headed to the area where Highway 132 and Highway 137 intersect.
Aerial observations from the U.S. Geological Survey on Wednesday morning showed lava from a fissure within 0.65 miles (1.04 kilometres) of Highway 137 and was advancing at about 100 yards (91.44 metres) per hour. Lava from another fissure was about 2.8 miles (4.5 kilometres) above the intersection and was advancing in pauses and surges of about 600 yards (548.64 metres) per hour, scientists said.
Strands of volcanic glass, known as Pele's hair named for the Hawaiian volcano goddess, were accumulating on the ground in Leilani Estates, and winds may blow lighter particles farther away, scientists said.
Volcanic gas emissions remain high from the fissure eruptions, scientists said. Wind conditions for Wednesday were forecast to result in widespread vog — or volcanic smog– over the Big Island.
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
Biafra: MASSOB disowns Uwazuruike, reveals why Nnamdi Kanu left him
Movement for the Actualization of the Sovereign State of Biafra, MASSOB, yesterday, dissociated itself from the visit of the leader of the Biafra Independence Movement, BIM, Chief Ralph Uwazuruike to Kaduna state. The group also gave an insight on why leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu, left Uwazuruike. Uwazuruike had met […]
Biafra: MASSOB disowns Uwazuruike, reveals why Nnamdi Kanu left him
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In addition, the army has also said that the issue of the 4 Warrant Officers who are facing disciplinary investigation was also unconnected with the current Major Mahama case and has advised that no attempt should be made to draw any linkages.
The Ghana Armed Forces (GAF) has explained that allegations the late Major Maxwell Adam Mahama was initially deployed at Denkyira-Boase from January to March 2017 were totally false.
In a statement issued and signed by Colonel E. Aggrey-Quashie, Director Public Relations in response to allegations by radio talk show host, Kwadwo Asare Baffour Acheampong (KABA) on his Ekosii Sen programme on Accra based Asempa FM, the army said the allegations which has been recorded and circulated widely on social media was “unsubstantiated.”
Read the statement of the army below
PRESS RELEASE
GAF RESPONSE TO ALLEGATIONS ON ASEMPA FM
In the aftermath of the unfortunate death of Major Maxwell Adam Mahama, a number of unsubstantiated assertions have been made by Kwodwo Asare Baffour Acheampong (KABA) on Asempa FM on Monday 5 June 2017.
We wish to state categorically that the claims by KABA that the late Major Mahama was initially deployed at Denkyira-Boase from January to March 2017 are totally FALSE.
The first time Maj Mahama was deployed to the location was 9 May 2017. The assertion that the late officer was due to write exams and was relieved by a Lieutenant is also FALSE. Major Mahama passed his promotion examination in June 2015 (2 years ago). On the contrary, it is the Lieutenant who is writing his promotion examination in June 2017 (this year) for which reason Major Mahama was deployed on relieving duties.
Regarding the circumstances of his death, it is also important to place on record that investigations are still on-going and therefore it would be both prejudicial and insensitive to make wild, unsubstantiated comments at this stage. The issue of the 4 Warrant Officers who are facing disciplinary investigation is also unconnected with the current case and we advise that no attempt should be made to draw any linkages.
GAF wishes to advise media personnel to be mindful of their sources of information especially during this period in order not to misinform the public. They should pay due regard to the sensitivity of the deceased family in these trying moments.
GAF therefore wishes to reiterate that the allegations made by KABA on his programme which has been recorded and being circulated online, social media networks and some mainstream electronic and print media outlets, are misleading.
GAF once again reiterates its readiness to clarify matters and give GAF's side of issues to media personnel to avert the publication and broadcast of misleading information which has long term security implications.
E AGGREY-QUASHIE
Colonel
Director Public Relations
Nigerians divided, hungry, angry, unemployed – Cardinal Okogie warns FG
Former President of the Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, Anthony Cardinal Okogie, has lamented the state of the economy. The former Catholic Archbishop of Lagos, in a statement titled, ‘Deprivation and Agitation: A Reflection on Nigeria's Late 2017 Budget,' decried the living conditions of Nigerians. Hide quoted text Okogie said, “Some people do not want […]
Nigerians divided, hungry, angry, unemployed – Cardinal Okogie warns FG
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Meek Mill will be released on bail, reports TMZ. In November, the Philadelphia rapper was sentenced to four years in prison for violating the terms of a probation he'd received nearly a decade earlier, and in the months since, his case has become a cause cause célèbre for hip-hop fans and proponents of criminal justice reform.
“Although I'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation, I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues,” Meek said in a statement about his release. “In the meantime, I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career.”
Judge Genece Brinkley has received widespread criticism for her handling of the case, and for handing down what was perceived by many as an unjust sentence. Larry Krasner, Philadelphia's newly elected District Attorney, has recently spoken in support of Meek receiving bail while he appeals the probation violation sentence. Brinkley refused a motion to grant Mill bail in a hearing earlier this month, but Pennsylvania's supreme court has reversed that decision.
Read Meek's full statement via TMZ below:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Water bosses have apologised for a "pollution incident” at one of their treatment works last night (Thursday, October 5).
The spillage came from Welsh Water's Chester water treatment works where it is believed contractors had been working prior to the incident.
Up to 1,000 tonnes could have spilled out into the River Dee and both Natural Resources Wales and the English Environment Agency were informed of the accident.
Welsh Water said “no services to customers” were affected by the spillage, reports our sister publication The Daily Post .
Keith Ivens, duty tactical manager for Natural Resources Wales, said: “Natural Resources Wales is aware of last night's pollution incident affecting the River Dee near Chester, dealt with by Dwr Cymru/Welsh Water and the Environment Agency, and which has now been resolved.
“We are working closely with our partners to investigate if there are any impacts following the incident.”
The incident comes just a month after open water swimmer Barry Johnston raised the alarm when he spotted and shot a video of diluted sewage being released into the River Dee at Chester.
Mr Johnston smelled the stench and heard the sound of churning pumps as excrement, toilet paper and sanitary products floated out on to the water surface near the Boathouse pub.
Welsh Water stressed the discharges were 'heavily diluted' and the action was allowed by the Environment Agency.
Following last night's incident, Steve Wilson, managing director of Dwr Cymru/Welsh Water's Wastewater Services, said: “We are currently investing £6.9 million to improve how we treat wastewater in Chester.
“Unfortunately, during this work late yesterday afternoon, a pipe burst at our Chester wastewater treatment works and we worked through the night to complete the repair.
“Last night's wet weather led to an increase the amount of wastewater we had to deal with at the site.
“This, as well as the location of the burst pipe, meant that we had to release partially treated and diluted wastewater into the River Dee.
“This helped us to avoid any further problems which could have impacted on the wider sewer network.
“While no services to customers were affected by this burst, we are extremely sorry that this has happened.
“We notified both the Environment Agency and Natural Resources Wales and will continue to investigate and work closely with them to minimise any potential impact this may have on the surrounding area.”
A former worker at the site told the Daily Post the type of tank from which the waste water was discharged holds up to 1,000 tonnes of waste water and would potentially affect the River Dee in Cheshire and North Wales.
Welsh Water would not speculate on the amount of water discharged as an investigation is ongoing.
An Environment Agency spokesman said: “We are aware of the pollution incident affecting the River Dee near Chester.
“We are working closely with our partners to deal with the impacts following a release of sewage into the river, to minimise any impacts on the local environment and investigate the cause.”
After last month's incident in Chester, Welsh Water released the following statement: “During the heavy rain that occurred in the Chester area on Saturday, the emergency relief valve on our wastewater system released diluted wastewater into part of the River Dee. During heavy rain like that, we do have consent from Environment Agency to release diluted wastewater into the river.
“This is essential to prevent internal sewage flooding to homes and businesses in the area. The release over the weekend was compliant with our consent and we also did notify Environment Agency of the release.
“The use of the release valves, known as combined sewer overflows, is common practice across the whole of the water industry, particularly where sewers carry both waste and surface water as is the case in Chester.
"They help protect properties from the risk of flooding while at the same time minimising impact on the local environment as the releases are heavily diluted with rain water.”
NILES, Ohio (WYTV) – A major donation made Friday will ensure that girls can explore futures in the STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics) fields.
Arconic, a Niles advanced manufacturing company, donated $20,000 to the United Way so that the United Way can hold two five-week summer camps for girls ages 11 to 18.
The funding allows for an expansion of the Girls Camp to include high-school-aged participants next year.
The summer camp is designed to foster young girls' interests in the STEM fields. For older girls, it will help them decide whether a pursuit of a degree in a stem major will steer their future career.
“They typically do some things with photography and technology. This past summer, they created their own commercials. There are just so many options to look at and think about, and we try to incorporate as much as we can into five weeks. It is a very action-packed program,” said Kenya Roberts-Howard, executive director of the YWCA of Warren.
The girls will also visit Youngstown State Univeristy to tour the facility whose leaders helped make this happen — Arconic.
Well here we are friends, at the end of Season 3. My head is spinning a bit, and not in a particularly good way. This has been by far the most wide-ranging of the Outlander seasons, taking us not just from Scotland to England and the new world, but back and forth in time. Our characters had to age 20 years, not to mention travel between the 20th and 18th century.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
I think this show is at its best when it forgets it's an epic and just focuses on the world of its main characters. It's strength is in working slowly through questions like how do you rebuild a life when you have lost everything—in Jamie's case, to the English bullies, in Claire's, to the stones? How do two people get to know each other despite the vast differences of their life experience? What does it mean to feel you are fated to be with someone, both romantically and sexually?
There was far too little of that in Season three and far too much rushing around. I lost track of how many times Jamie was arrested and thrown in prison. He was shot, Claire was kidnapped, she was lost at sea, attacked by ants, menaced by a snake, and nearly died of thirst. There's been so much peril I've become a little immune to the dangers. After all, these are our heroes—and Outlander is not the Sopranos or the Walking Dead—it's not likely to kill off a main character just to keep you on your toes. Nothing is going to happen to Jamie and Claire, not when we have several more seasons to go.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Foreshadowing
The episode opens with Claire sinking in water, a jumble of clothing and ropes swirling around her. Her voiceover helpfully explains that she is dead. “Everything around me was a blinding white. And there was a soft rushing sound like the wings of angels. I felt peaceful and bodyless. Free of terror. Free of rage. Filled with a quiet happiness.”
I guess it's good to know that drowning isn't so bad and that Claire's last thoughts are happy ones? But mostly we're meant to wonder how she got into this perilous position.
Then begins the rushing around and accomplishing of a great many plot points. Flashing back, we see Claire searching for young Ian in Geillis's slave quarters. She has passed slaves with torches and the whole thing has an air of sweaty menace. (More on that later.) She even finds the body of a young boy—not Ian! Phew! Marsali and Fergus are rushing around too. That's all there is to say about that.
Geillis is Very Very Bad
Well Geillis isn't just bad, she's clearly crazy too. She thinks Claire is in on the prophecy and is trying to thwart her nutty efforts to bring about a Scottish king. (Why is Geillis so obsessed with a Scottish king anyway? You're from 1968, lady. Why not be obsessed with an independence referendum?)
Geillis and Ian Courtesy of Starz
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
When Claire shows up at Geillis's big pink house, the two women begin an elaborate pantomime, pretending they are friends and allies. Geillis wants to find out what Claire is really up to; Claire wants to find out where Ian is. The two women are terrible actors. (Just to be clear, I'm going to give Lotte Verbeek and Caitriona Balfe more credit—they have their moments. But Claire and Geillis are terrible. No one would believe that Geillis is anything other than an insane witch and Claire's barely suppressed desperation—she's all tremulous pout and furrowed brow—makes her attempts at casual friendship laughable.)
I never met another traveler. Only you. We share a bond. Something not even you can share with Jamie.
The whole point of this interaction seems to be to reinforce that Claire and Geillis, like Claire and Jamie, are drawn together by fate. As Geillis points out, “I never met another traveler. Only you. We share a bond. Something not even you can share with Jamie.”
Geillis's theory on time travel boils down to a complicated, messy mixture of fate, incantations, the need for special jewels, and of course, human sacrifice. (In case your forgot, she murdered her husband to come through the stones in the 1960s—“He was one of my favorites,” she says to Claire. “Handsome. Such a lovely cock.”) Claire points out that she didn't need any of those things. “I think it has something to do with who's on the other side, drawing you to them,” she says.
Geillis seems convinced that Claire has been after her for the last 20 years, tracking her from Scotland to Jamaica to thwart her plans to bring back the Scottish king. To prove this isn't true, Claire makes the ill-advised decision to tell Geillis about Brianna. She's been busy for the last 20th century, raising Jamie's daughter in the 20th century. Suddenly, Geillis puts all the pieces together. Margaret Archibald's prophecy about the 200 year old baby? That's Bree.
John Gray to the Rescue Again
As you'll remember, for several episodes, the young British naval Captain, Leonard, has been after Jamie, presumably to advance his career by arresting a high-value prisoner. Turns out that whole subplot was a giant bait and switch. Jamie isn't in any real danger. He isn't going to see the inside of a British prison—much less a gallows—at least not in this season. John Gray intercepts the prisoner transport and asserts his local authority as the imperial governor of Jamaica. He then out lawyers the young officer: “Your authority ends at the water's edge. Where mine begins.”
John Gray Courtesy of Starz
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Jamie thanks Gray again for saving his life. And we get to see John's longing adoration for Jamie one more time. “Goodbye Jamie,” he says breathily. “And good luck.” (Just an aside: I would very much like for John Gray to find romantic and sexual fulfillment with a worthy partner at some point on this show. I mean I know it's tough out there for a gay man in the 1760s, but this is a fantasy show, after all.)
Mysterious Rituals
Back at the Abernathy plantation, Geillis has disappeared and Claire is trapped. Fortunately, Jamie arrives and busts in free her and they both rush off to rescue young Ian. They hear drumming in the jungle and follow it.
They find the slaves, dancing with torches in a clearing. Crouched down in the grass watching the ritual, Claire is struck by the similarities between this rite and the one at Criagh Na Dun that she witnessed with Frank so many decades before—the dancing at the stones.
Courtesy of Starz
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Like the scenes at the slave market in the previous episode, this whole sequence is deeply problematic (to use a word Bree will definitely have to explain to her parents). Once again, the black characters on Outlander are reduced to nameless, faceless (literally—many wear masks) others, dancing around in a way that seems foreign and strange and dangerous. This particular racism can't really be blamed on a depiction of the 18th century, when slavery was the defining evil of the times. This is a choice Outlander has made to reduce a group of people to a stereotype and use that stereotype—the superstitious, menacing savage—to create an air of chaos and magical strangeness.
It seems like everyone is here for this dance party. Willoughby and Margaret were invited—apparently Yi Tien Cho and Ms. Archibald are in love and are going to run off together (“she is the first woman to truly see me,” he says. “The man that I am.”) Margaret looks happy and relaxed and in love—until she goes into a trance when she sees Jamie. She has a vision of Jamie in Culloden. She sees 20th century Claire talking to a bird in Boston when she was desperately lonely for Jamie. She then seems to channel Bree and says to Jamie, “I knew it was you, my father, I've been dreaming about you, I love you.”
“You too mama,” she says to Claire. “ Oh no. The monster, don't let it take me. Help me.”
Courtesy of Starz
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Archie shows up just then to claim his sister—otherwise known as his meal ticket. There's a shouted conversation about the prophecy, the 200-year-old baby, and the Bandaway cave. Yi Tien Cho comes to Margaret's rescue and takes Archie down. There's more ecstatic dancing, drumming, a chicken sacrifice, and the dancing slaves seem to descend on Archie in a sequence i couldn't quite follow. Meanwhile, Claire finally puts the clues together. The Bandaway cave is a place like Craig Na Dun, a portal where time travel is possible, and Geillis is going to use it to travel back to 1968 where she plans to kill Bree.
The Magical Cave
Claire and Jamie take off for the Bandaway cave, conveniently just up the hill from this flurry of action. Lo and behold it has stones on top that look eerily like the ones at Craig Na Dun. Claire hears the hum that accompanied her last time-travel escapades. She realizes she might not be able to control what happens and she may disappear, but for the sake of their daughter, Jamie urges her forward. “We lost Faith,” Jamie says of the stillborn daughter they buried in Paris. “We will not lose Brianna.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Sure enough, Geillis is in there with Ian, who's all trussed up like a sacrificial lamb. She's got a photo of Brianna filched from Claire, some gems from her treasure chest, and she's drawn some pictures in chalk. It's a smorgasbord of mumbo jumbo. While Jamie wrestles with a very tall slave named Hercules, Claire and Geillis argue. “You owe me a life,” Geillis tells her. “We are the chosen you and me. We have a responsibility to change history. I gave up my child for the cause you must do the same.”
The women's argument becomes physical. Claire grabs a machete and swings and down goes Geillis, her head hanging grotesquely off her neck. Everyone stands there stunned for a minute trying to process the fact that Claire is a stone cold killer (I know, she was protecting her daughter). Then Jamie frees Hercules (literally) and unties Ian. Claire seems drawn inexorably through the portal—a pool of water in the cave—until Jamie pulls her back.
RIP Geillis Duncan. Courtesy of Starz
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Outside, Claire is in shock and realizes that the body she had examined on Joe Abernathy's desk in 1968—a partially beheaded caucasian woman discovered in a cave in Jamaica—was Geillis and when she'd held those bones, she'd been examining her own murder victim.
Preposterous is a polite word for this whole sequence. The whole thing had the finesse and subtlety of a soap opera that has strayed desperately into weird territory in hopes of keeping it's audience. I felt like I was watching a lost scene from that season of Days of Our Lives when Marlene was possessed by the devil. Even the scenery was cheesy—turns out it's hard to credibly fake the inside of a cave.
Back on the Ship
Cut to Claire and Jamie's cozy cabin a few days later, where our heroes are daydreaming about their return to Scotland. (More subtle foreshadowing!) Because we have a long Droughtlander to prepare for, the show is going to give us one more session of sweet sweet boat sex. This scene is charmingly narrated by Jamie, who seems to have learned the power of dirty talk at some point in the last 20 years. He tells Claire in only-on-premium-cable detail exactly what he's going to do to her once they're back in their bedroom at Lallybroch (so much foreshadowing!), all while doing it to her in their cabin onboard the ship.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
When our lovebirds wake up, there's a storm at sea. It all escalates rather quickly. Jamie is above decks trying to steer into the wind, while everyone else is huddling below in the hold. Claire heads above decks to help with the wounded—“I am still this ship's surgeon” she barks at a worried Ian. There's a lot of staggering around, some driving rain and breaking waves. Claire and Jamie are clinging to the side of the ship when the mast breaks and Claire is washed overboard.
This whole sequence is slightly more credible than the cave scene but it is so very hard for a TV show to make a storm at sea look believable. It made me long for the Scotland scenes of season one, filmed on location in medieval structures whose patina and weight you really can't fake. Take me back to Castle Leoch.
And now we're back where this episode started: Claire sinking peacefully into the ocean, feeling death wash over her. Jamie, of course, jumps after her, cuts her free of the ropes, and pulls her to the surface where they cling to a bit of debris. Eventually they wash up on a sandy beach. A small blond girl in a bonnet is playing and she runs over to poke Jamie's body. He wakes up and crawl to Claire. They cling to each other, convinced they are the only survivors of a shipwreck.
The girl's parents walk over and introduce themselves. They rest of the Artemis has run aground nearby, with survivors, and it turns out everyone is now in Georgia. Claire and Jamie may have survived their ordeal but they are far from home, stranded in America just a decade before the Revolution. The end.
Looking Ahead
Will we finally learn happened to Murtagh in the new world? Will Jamie and Claire ever make it back to their beloved Scotland? Will Jamie and Claire find the energy to keep having as much sex as they did in their 20s? All these questions remain unanswered.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
My biggest wish for Season 4, however, is that the show re-centers itself in Jamie and Claire's relationship and in building a narrative not powered by the threat of murder, disaster, or time travel. Outlander's main problem this season stems directly from the loyalty it pays to the books. The show owes a great deal to the fans of Diana Gabaldon's vision, who transferred their affection from the book series to the television one. But too much loyalty can make a show dutiful.
Good sense would suggest the show's creators should tone things down, maybe even skip whole sequences that are too hard—or ridiculous—to pull off onscreen. But I don't think any such concession will be made, and I fear Outlander will keep dragging us from one cliffhanger to another.
Tweets and Photos: Spurs players on beating Watford
good start to 2017, happy new year everyone 👍🏽 #COYS pic.twitter.com/KgqOLKIquU — Dele (@Dele_Alli) January 1, 2017
Tottenham Hotspur started 2017 with a comfortable away win at Watford on New Year's Day.
Mauricio Pochettino's side coasted to a 1-4 victory over the Hornets yesterday, with two players sharing the goals.
Striker Harry Kane scored the first two goals, while midfielder Dele Alli bagged the third and fourth for the north Londoners.
Here's how the Spurs players, including both goalscorers, reacted to making a winning start to the new year and moving into the Premier League's top four as a result.
No better way to start the new year! Great away win again! #COYS pic.twitter.com/qo3hNkjp5G — Harry Kane (@HKane) January 1, 2017
Great away win,focus turn to the next match #COYS pic.twitter.com/fa3kc6itRh — Victor Wanyama (@VictorWanyama) January 1, 2017
The top ten Android apps in the U.S. last month had a combined download figure of 26 million. According to Priori Data, at the top of the list was Facebook's Messenger app with 7.5 million. In fact, apps developed by Mark Zuckerberg's company made up almost half of the downloads on the list, with WhatsApp, Messenger and Facebook accounting for a combined 12 million downloads in May.
You will find more statistics at Statista
Flying sculptures high in the sky
This Saturday, you'll have a chance to see kites flying like never before with “Sculptures in the Sky” at (and above) the Sculpture Fields at Montague Park. The air will be filled with enormous colorful kites, stunt kites, and even Rokkaku battle kites, which will be flown by members of the Chattanooga Police and Fire departments.
Rokkaku are traditional six-sided Japanese fighter kites, known for being stable and rising quickly. Fighting these kites involves tipping over and destabilizing the opponent's kite or cutting into their line. And with departmental pride on the line, you know the police officers and firefighters will be bringing their “A” game.
Many of the kites on display will be up to twenty feet wide and must be anchored to the ground, since they are too big to control physically. Event organizers are hoping for winds to be stable (ideal is 10-12 mph), which is common on October, and makes for perfect kite flying weather.
“Kites originated in China where someone might have seen a leaf blowing down the path and thought to attach a string,” explains Chuck Jones, owner of River City Kites. “Kites have developed into a true art form and are now flown all over the world.”
This is one of the more colorful and high-flying events around, and as a bonus there will be food and beer venders to enjoy while watching the amazing show, along with free kite designing for all.
Sculptures in the Sky
Saturday, Noon
Sculpture Fields at Montague Park
1800 Polk St.
(423) 226-7288
www.sculpturefields.org
Read the latest on the future of the series – Derek Jacobi: there will be no more Last Tango in Halifax
Anne Reid, Derek Jacobi and Sarah Lancashire all returned for the Christmas 2016 two-parter, but with these new episodes comes one very big question: will there be a full series, or is this the last we will see of Celia and Alan?
Advertisement
Will there be more Last Tango in Halifax?
Well, some might say the two-part Christmas special leaves the door wide open for a brand-new saga featuring two of our favourite northern families.
SPOILER ALERT
Alan and Celia's turn on the stage left the duo eager to take on new and more exciting roles, with Celia suggesting Alan could be the Mark Anthony to her Cleopatra as they drove off into the sunset. Dear Sally Wainwright, we'd pay seriously good money to see Derek Jacobi and Anne Reid walk like Egyptians, so if a 90-minute one-off Easter special is all you have time for, we'll take that please.
Meanwhile Gillian (Nicola Walker) and Robbie's marriage crumbled as she finally told him the truth about the night Eddie died. Surely we can't close the door on Halifax just after she's confessed to murder? There have to be consequences, right?
Finally, we left the often thought snobbish Caroline (Sarah Lancashire) on her first day as the head teacher at a tough Huddersfield comprehensive. “Who's done this?” she asked while surveying the lopsided sign on her office door.
“Maintenance”, an unassuming office worker replied, having innocently offered her new boss a donut.
“Can you ask maintenance to come back with a spirit level?”, Caroline asked. “Oh they won't like that”, said her surely soon-to-be enemy. “Shall we risk it?” the super sassy head teacher finished, before heading into her office and closing the door.
If that's not proof that there's definitely another Halifax tale to tell, we don't know what is.
Has there been an official announcement about a new series of Last Tango in Halifax?
Following the end of series three, BBC1 confirmed that the drama would return for another series, revealing the good news just as the credits rolled.
We're delighted to confirm that #LastTangoInHalifax will return for another series. pic.twitter.com/79xxSM5oWD — BBC One (@BBCOne) February 1, 2015
You would think that that is pretty clear-cut proof of more episodes to come, but unfortunately it's been surprisingly difficult to confirm whether there will be a series four.
When RadioTimes.com contacted a spokesperson for Last Tango in Halifax, they claimed “no decision has been made” on a fourth series.
Writer Sally Wainwright's representative also confirmed to us that the Christmas special would be a “contained two-parter”, but could not confirm whether there were more episodes to come.
Even if there is a series four planned, it is unlikely to happen in 2017.
Wainwright is in high demand this year: the Bafta-winning writer has a one-off period drama about the Bronte sisters called To Walk Invisible airing on 29 December on BBC1.
She has also said that her other primetime BBC1 drama, Happy Valley, will be delayed while she concentrates on a new drama project.
One of Last Tango's stars, Anne Reid, admitted that “I don't know when we'll get round to doing any more” when she appeared on ITV's Lorraine in November.
“Sally has written two episodes that are going to go on to another series,” she added, referring to the two Christmas special episodes. “I don't know whether that's going to get done.”
Advertisement
To Walk Invisible focuses on the “three literary geniuses” of Charlotte, Emil and Anne Brontë, concentrating on the years leading up to the death of their brother Branwell. Wainwright admitted in the Radio Times Christmas issues that the story “could have been a full series”, but that she preferred to look at one particular period in the Brontës' lives.
Prep Tuesday update: Golfers compete in regionals
WINDSOR – Carlinville's boys golf season ended at regionals on Tuesday, with one golfer one stroke off from qualifying for sectionals.
Payton Jamieson shot a round of 96 to tie for 25th overall. The cutoff score was 95.
As a team, Carlinville finished ninth with a team score of 424. Hillsboro won the team regional with 306, followed by Litchfield at 332 and Lincolnwood at 353. Those three teams advance to sectionals.
The medalist was Alex Eickhoff of Hillsboro with a 73.
Also for the Cavaliers, Tom Sanson shot a 102; Jay Rosentreter 105; Reagan Kulenkamp 121; Gabe Green 140 and Ryan Haschmeyer 143.
Staunton's Austin Rushton advanced to sectionals as an individual, tying for 19th with a score of 90.
Soccer
CARLINVILLE – Matt Schmidt scored three goals as Carlinville blanked Springfield Calvary 4-0 on Tuesday night. It was senior night for the one Cavie senior, Rylan Frankford.
The Cavaliers (12-7) scored all four goals in the first half. Schmidt opened the scoring at 2:30 on a penalty kick goal.
Schmidt added two more goals a minute and a half apart later in the half. Trey Gall assisted on a touch pass to Schmidt at 28:19, and Schmidt then scored at 29:46, assisted by Landon Eades.
Eades then assisted on a Tristan Burns goal at 30:16 to make it a 4-0 game.
Carlinville held a 19-7 edge in shots. Andrew DeNeve made all seven saves in goal for the Cavaliers, which travel to Pana on Thursday to complete regular season competition.
Staunton 5, Gillespie 0
At Gillespie, the Bulldogs scored four second half goals to pull away from Gillespie. Bryce Buzick scored three goals, with Brady Kinder and Carson Rantanen adding goals as well.
Volleyball
EAST ALTON – Carlinville pulled away from East Alton-Wood River on Tuesday night in prep volleyball action, 25-17, 25-13.
The Cavies are 12-8 after the non-conference win.
Sydney Bates had 10 points, 12 assists, an ace and two kills; Anna Chew had an ace and eight kills; Alyssa DeSpain had a point and a kill; Lexi Egelhoff had a kill; Emma Griffith had 10 points, five aces and two kills; Adrianne Welte had three kills; and Taylor Wills added 11 points and an ace.
Carlinville is home for Auburn on Dig Pink Night Thursday.
North Mac def. Morrisonville
MORRISONVILLE – Audrey Hannah had seven kills and three blocks in North Mac's 25-14, 25-23 win at Morrisonville Tuesday. Claire Harvey added 13 assists.
GFNW def. Brown County
PALMYRA – Greenfield/Northwestern moved above .500 at 10-9, following a 25-20, 25-22 win over visiting Brown County Tuesday.
Hailey Driscoll had 11 kills and Brooke Gibbs had seven kills for the Tigers. Driscoll added three blocks and Gibbs had 10 digs. Carly Gregory finished with 22 assists.
Bunker Hill def. Father McGivney
GLEN CARBON – Bunker Hill edged the Griffins of Father McGivney 25-14, 14-25, 27-25 Tuesday night, improving to 14-9 on the season.
Allysa Austill led the Minutemaids with seven kills, while Ashley Dey had five and Mallory Schwegel four.
Daphne Duvall, Dey and Grace Kiffmeyer all had two ace serves and Schwegel had three blocks. Schwegel had 10 digs, while Dey and Hannah Kahl had nine digs each. Kiffmeyer had 15 assists.
Entire Community Of Muslims Are Rounded Up And Booted Out For Terrifying Reason
Nearly 40,000 Pakastani workers were deported from Saudi Arabia since October 2016. The reasons? Visa violations and terror concerns.
I'm sure that nobody will have a problem calling the Saudi Arabian government “Islamophobic” for this, right?
Right?
From Independent.co.uk:
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has expelled almost 40,000 Pakistani migrant workers in the last four months, local media has reported. Over 39,000 people have been deported since October 2016 over visa violations and security concerns, the Saudi Gazette reported, citing unnamed interior ministry officials. As well as crimes including drug trafficking, forgery and theft, an unknown number of those removed from the country were suspected to have links to Isis and other extremist groups, the paper said. The alleged mass deportations come after a year of strikes and other unrest in the kingdom due to unpaid wages following the oil market's decline and subsequent blow to the Saudi economy. Official Saudi statistics say that 243,000 Pakistanis were deported between 2012 – 2015. Mass deportations of migrant workers – which Human Rights Watch and other rights organisations say often involve illegal beatings and detainment in poor conditions – are fairly common. 2010 census figures show that 8.5 million of Saudi Arabia's 27 million strong population, or around 30 per cent, are foreign nationals. According to a 2014 European University Institute report, there are approximately 900,000 people of Pakistani nationality currently employed in Saudi Arabia's vast construction industry and other low-paid service jobs.
I'm looking forward to hearing American liberals preach to Saudi Arabia about the need for “tolerance,” Maybe if you put another “Coexist” bumper sticker on your Prius, they'll listen.
STILLWATER, Okla. — Oklahoma State avenged its loss to Alabama from four years ago while blasting the Crimson Tide to win the NCAA men's golf championship on its home course Wednesday.
Vitkor Hovland never trailed in the opening match against Lee Hodges in a 4-and-3 victory. Zach Bouchou won five straight holes, holing out a bunker shot on his way to an 8-and-7 victory over Jonathan Hardee.
Matthew Wolff delivered the clinching point, a 4-and-3 victory over Davis Riley, and the celebration was on at Karsten Creek Golf Club.
The Cowboys had the home crowd on their side, and they gave their orange-clad fans plenty to cheer.
Oklahoma State won its 11th NCAA title, second only to Houston's 16. Its previous championship was in 2006 when it was stroke play. Since switching to match play in 2009, the Cowboys have been runner-up twice.
One of those years was to Alabama in 2014 at Prairie Dunes in Kansas, about a three-hour drive north of Stillwater. Alabama won big for back-to-back titles.
The Tide advanced to the championship match by sweeping the five matches against Duke in the semifinals. Alabama fell behind big in three matches against Oklahoma State, and trailed in all five matches when Wolff clinched it.
The final score was 3-2 because the other two matches, which no longer mattered, ended where they were.
By The Associated Press
The young man coaxes the wild rabbit out of the flames before gently lifting it up and carrying it away.
The young man coaxes the wild rabbit out of the flames before gently lifting it up and carrying it away.
Crews aided by calm overnight winds kept a wall of flames from descending from mountains into coastal towns after a huge Southern California wildfire exploded in size over the weekend.
Crews aided by calm overnight winds kept a wall of flames from descending from mountains into coastal towns after a huge Southern California wildfire exploded in size over the weekend.
(AP Photo/Gregory Bull). Fire crews search for hot spots among destroyed homes in the Rancho Monserate Country Club community Friday, Dec. 8, 2017, in Fallbrook, Calif.
(AP Photo/Gregory Bull). Dick Marsala looks through debris from his destroyed home after a wildfire roared through the Rancho Monserate Country Club Friday, Dec. 8, 2017, in Bonsall, Calif.
(Mike Eliason/Santa Barbara County Fire Department via AP). In this early morning Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, photo released by Santa Barbara County Fire Department, firefighters working on structure protection, keep a close eye on nearby flames.
(AP Photo/Noah Berger). Firefighters light backfire while trying to keep a wildfire from jumping Santa Ana Rd. near Ventura, Calif., on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017.
By CHRISTOPHER WEBER
Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Firefighters kept a wall of flames from descending mountains into coastal neighborhoods after a huge and destructive Southern California wildfire exploded in size, becoming the fifth largest in state history.
Tens of thousands remained under evacuation orders Monday as the fire churned west through foothill areas of Carpinteria and Montecito, seaside Santa Barbara County towns about 75 miles (120 kilometers) northwest of Los Angeles. Much of the fire's rapid new growth occurred on the eastern and northern fronts into unoccupied areas of Los Padres National Forest, where the state's fourth largest fire burned a decade ago.
The blaze, which had already destroyed more than 750 buildings, gutted six more in Carpinteria on Sunday, officials said. It's just 15 percent contained after charring nearly 360 square miles (930 square kilometers) of dry brush and timber.
"We're still anxious. I'm not frightened yet," Carpinteria resident Roberta Lehtinen told KABC-TV. "I don't think it's going to come roaring down unless the winds kick up."
Forecasters predicted that dry winds that fanned several fires across the region for a week would begin to lose their power Monday. Light gusts were pushing onshore, driving the flames back up hillsides and away from communities, Santa Barbara County Fire spokesman Mike Eliason said. But the possibility of "unpredictable" gusts would keep firefighters on edge for days, he said.
Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region's most disastrous wildfires. They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean, speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons.
With the air thick with acrid smoke, even residents of areas not under evacuation orders took the opportunity to leave, fearing another shutdown of U.S. 101, a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week. Officials handed out masks to residents who stayed behind in Montecito, the wealthy hillside enclave that's home to celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Drew Barrymore.
Smoke shrouded Rob Lowe's home and the actor wore a mask as he livestreamed his family leaving on Sunday.
"Praying for the people in my area," he said on Instagram. "Hope everybody's getting out safe like we are, and thanks for the prayers and thoughts. And good luck to the firefighters, we need you!"
Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres tweeted that neighbors were helping each other and their animals get to safety.
"I'm sending lots of love and gratitude to the fire department and sheriffs. Thank you all," she wrote.
Meanwhile, containment increased on other major blazes in Los Angeles, Riverside and San Diego counties. Resources from those fires were diverted to the Santa Barbara foothills to combat the stubborn and enormous fire that started Dec. 4.
Fires are not typical in Southern California this time of year but can break out when dry vegetation and too little rain combine with the Santa Ana winds. Though the state emerged this spring from a yearslong drought, hardly any measurable rain has fallen in the region over the past six months.
"This is the new normal," Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown warned Saturday after surveying damage from the deadly Ventura fire. Brown and experts said climate change is making wildfires a year-round threat.
High fire risk is expected to last into January.
The small mountain town of Ojai experienced hazardous levels of smoke at times, and officials warned of unhealthy air for large swaths of the region. The South Coast Air Quality Management District urged residents to stay indoors if possible and avoid vigorous outdoor activities.
Despite the size and number of wildfires burning in the region, there has only been one confirmed death: The death of a 70-year-old woman, who crashed her car on an evacuation route, is attributed to the fire in Santa Paula, a small city where the Thomas Fire began.
Most of last week's fires were in places that burned in the past, including one in the ritzy Los Angeles neighborhood of Bel-Air that burned six homes and another in the city's rugged foothills above the community of Sylmar and in Santa Paula.
___
Follow Weber at https://twitter.com/WeberCM .
___
For complete coverage of the California wildfires, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/Wildfires.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
HOUSTON - Macys Mystylist, Marisol Vecchini Take Derrick Out Of His Comfort Zone With Some New Looks!
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Shutterstock
It's the holiday season again, which means it's time to fret over finding the right gifts for the friends and loved ones in your life. But if they're into movies or television, don't fret: we've got some first-class ideas for you right here, from books to novelties to… hairspray? For some cool suggestions, keep reading.
SOMETHING THAT WILL TAKE ALL OF THE NEXT YEAR TO WATCH
Criterion
100 Years Of Olympic Films: 1912 – 2012 (Criterion)
There are ordinary box sets and then there are box sets that double as mammoth archival projects. Criterion's 100 Years Of Olympic Films meets the second definition, including movies that capture Olympic games from the 1912 Stockholm Olympics to the London games of 2012. There's a long history of films tied to the Olympics, and the 32-Blu-ray (or 43-DVD set) includes everything from movies that became famous apart from the games — Kon Ichikawa's Tokyo Olympiad, Leni Riefenstahl's Olympia — to more obscure offerings like O, Sport, You Are Peace!, which overs the U.S.-boycotted 1980 Moscow Olympics. It's a lot! But a century of history ought to be a lot. — Keith Phipps
WEIRD SIGNED STUFF
One of my favorite things to do to is scanned through eBay and other auction-type sites for weird memorabilia. I've never actually purchased any of it, I just like imagining people's faces when I show them, like, a handkerchief used by Ross on Friends, signed by David Schwimmer. “But why?” people will wonder, concern washing over their faces. Well, for exactly that reason. Here are some options in that category, should you so desire:
ERIK ESTRADA “PONCH” + LARRY WILCOX “JON” CHiPs Signed Aviator Sunglasses: I love that they wrote over the lenses so you can't even put the glasses on.
ebay
Photo of Pete Campbell from Mad Men, signed by Vincent Kartheiser: The key here is to have no other Mad Men memorabilia in your house. Just a signed photo of Pete Campbell. Framed. People will be so confused.
hollywoodmemorabilia.com
Photo of Wynn Duffy from Justified, signed by Jere Burns: Whoops, this one is from my own personal list, too.
ebay
Mad Men sock garters worn by Roger Sterling: Sure. — Brian Grubb
A GREAT MOVIE THAT MAYBE DIDN'T NEED TRADING CARDS BUT, SURE, WHATEVER
Paramount
The Godfather Collection: Omerta Edition (Paramount)
The Godfather films have been repackaged and re-released many times over the years, from the VHS era to present. This new version doesn't offer much beyond the “Coppola Restoration” edition that appeared a few years ago (beyond some trading cards). But if you don't own these movies, there are some compelling reasons to pick up this set:
• They're the Godfather movies. They're great. (Well, the first two are great and the third one is kind of fascinating, but you can just consider that an added bonus disc.)
• The restored versions overseen by Francis Ford Coppola were kind of a big deal, making these movies look better than they'd looked since they first ran in theaters.
• It's the holidays and there are only so many specials and sporting events that will make everyone happy once the kids are in bed. The Godfather and The Godfather: Part II never disappoint. And the films' running time assures hours of uninterrupted, mutually agreed upon movie greatness.
• Trading cards! — KP
OLD FAVORITES ON BLU-RAY AND DVD
HBO
While many TV fanatics have embraced the shift from physical media to streaming, sometimes a real, actual DVD or Blu-ray still works best. There's something more permanent about it, and it signifies a deeper level of fandom.(Also, some shows aren't on any streaming platform right now, which is a little infuriating, in a “yes, I know I have thousands of shows at the tip of my finger in a way that would have been considered sorcery not even 20 years ago, but still” kind of way.) If the person you're shopping for is that kind of fan, consider these:
The Sopranos: The Complete Series (HBO): Still great. Not getting any worse, either.
Columbo: The Complete Series (Universal): Okay, maybe this one is just a suggestion for me.
Looney Tunes: The Golden And Platinum Collections (Warner Bros): If you ever find yourself feeling “too old” to enjoy Bugs Bunny cartoons, please re-evaluate all the decisions you've made. All of them. There are several home video incarnations, but the best are the Golden (for DVD) and Platinum (for Blu-ray) sets that compile a bunch of shorts and bonus features together (albeit sometimes confusingly). A more recent collection, Porky Pig 101, takes a different approach, throwing 101 (!) Porky shorts together in a five-disc set. — BG
NEW YORK — As part of its collection of Babe Ruth items, the Baseball Hall of Fame says it has the bat the slugger used to hit his then-record 60th home run in 1927.
A private collector also claims to own the bat, and he's selling it at auction. PSA/DNA, one of the leading sports memorabilia authenticators, supports his assertion.
The dispute dates back more than 90 years to the original owner of each bat and how he professed to acquire it.
The bat being sold by the anonymous collector can be traced back to Joe E. Brown, the entertainer and vaudeville comedian with whom Ruth had a friendship. Brown said Ruth, who had presented him with the bat the slugger used to hit three home runs in the 1926 World Series, personally gave him the bat used to hit his 60th homer in 1927. The bat is signed, "To Joe E. Brown From Babe Ruth."
Brown then passed the bat down to his son Joe L. Brown, who was general manager of the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1955-76. The younger Brown then sold the bat to a collector.
"There is documentation back to (Joe L.) Brown's ownership and his talking about the bat that goes back to a sports writers' luncheon in 1948," PSA authenticator Jon Taube told The Associated Press in a phone interview. "Even before that the bat is mentioned from his collection in a 1939 baseball centennial celebration. ... We also have a letter that continues the story from his grandson Ty Brown that talks about the bat coming out at Christmas time."
The bat in the Hall of Fame was given to the museum by sports writer James Kahn in 1939, and Kahn was quoted in the Otsego Farmer — a newspaper in Cooperstown, where the Hall of Fame is located — as saying at the time that then-Yankees manager Miller Huggins gave him the bat after the game on Sept. 30, 1927.
Taube, who has done extensive research on Ruth's bats, doesn't dispute Kahn was given a bat after that game, but he doesn't believe it was the one used for the record-breaking homer.
"It's very unlikely that on Sept. 30, Miller Huggins comes down into the locker room and says, 'Babe, give me the bat that you broke the record with' and then he hands it to a beat writer," Taube said. "And we just think it was very unlikely Huggins came out of the dugout and handed him THE bat. He handed him a bat, there's no question about that. Was it the bat that hit the 60th home run? I doubt that very highly."
Another complicating part of Kahn's story is that he changed the details. Challenged by Brown at the luncheon, Kahn then said he got the bat from Ruth.
Ayda Field bought husband Robbie Williams a "weed farm" for their LA home, according to Big Narstie.
The 38-year-old actress reportedly splashed the cash on the drug, which is legal in the state of California, for their wedding anniversary so Robbie - with whom she has daughter Teddy, five, and son Charlton, three - can smoke the substance freely within their mansion, according to rapper Big Narstie, who claims to have seen the farm whilst visiting their home last year.
Narstie - who was at the mansion to work on his 2017 collaboration with Robbie, 'Go Mental' - told The Sun newspaper: "It was all very surreal. He phoned my booking agent and said, 'Robbie wants to do a tune'. We recorded together. He wasn't what I expected.
"He's very cool. He's very down to earth and a humble person, and he's got a good wife. I saw the present she got him for their anniversary. She got him a whole weed farm in their basement in LA. That's how you drive. It's legal innit? It's legal."
The 32-year-old rapper's revelation comes after former Take That star Robbie recently admitted he had "smoked a spliff" whilst in Queen Elizabeth's residence at Buckingham Palace, where he performed in 2012 for the monarch's Diamond Jubilee Concert.
He said in February this year: "Threw up in Buckingham Palace? No. I smoked a spliff in Buckingham Palace."
The 'Angels' hitmaker has been open about his relationship with the drug in the past, and despite having been to rehab twice, he admitted in 2013 that he still uses the substance recreationally.
He said: "The last time I got high was two days ago. No big drug sessions, mind, just a small amount, purely to relax."
Robbie has also previously been addicted to alcohol and other drugs such as cocaine and heroin, but admitted that since the birth of his children, he has put his partying ways behind him.
He said: "I don't want to drink and I don't want to take coke, I'm really pleased I don't take coke but I do think about ecstasy."
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The show's official Twitter account shared an important update on production of the long-awaited new episodes
Listen up, Line of Duty fans. Nearly a year on from that explosive finale, it looks like the wheels are finally in motion on the next series.
Advertisement
The BBC1 cop drama's official Twitter account has responded to a fan, confirming that new episodes will begin shooting later this year. Hurrah!
filming will start later this year! #LineofDuty5 https://t.co/YTjGKYintU — Line of Duty (@Line_of_duty) March 29, 2018
It's the first concrete news we've had on series five in a while, thanks to writer Jed Mercurio's involvement in new BBC series Bodyguard – which features his Line of Duty star Keeley Hawes.
With Bodyguard due to air later this year, Mercurio has been too busy to focus his full attention on Line of Duty, only recently confirming that he has begun writing the next exploits of Ted Hastings and AC-12.
Line of Duty – which focuses on a police anti-corruption unit – has earned widespread acclaim over the course of its four series, with the BBC already committed to a further two runs.
The drama stars Martin Compston, Vicky McClure and Adrian Dunbar, with the latter hinting to RadioTimes.com earlier this year that, while Mercurio was still penning the story, the show hoped to start shooting towards the end of this year with new episodes airing in 2019.
Advertisement
What fresh challenge will befall AC-12? And will they inch closer to solving the over-arching conspiracy that has stretched across all four series? We've still got a while to wait.
The pair have sailed together at the last two international regattas after Boniface stepped in for the injured Katie Dabson – and have come away with silver medals both times.
They have now decided to continue their allegiance towards Tokyo 2020.
Saxton went to the Rio 2016 Olympics with Nicola Groves before pairing up with Katie Dabson in mid 2017.
Saxton and Dabson enjoyed an impressive run, winning bronze at the Nacra 17 European Championships then following it up with victory at the inaugural foiling World Championships.
When Dabson suffered an injury prior to the Princess Sofia Trophy in Palma in April, Boniface – stepped in at the last minute.
Saxton and Boniface will be competing together at the World Cup Series Final in Marseille, France, from Sunday June 3.
Follow Sailweb on Facebook - Click here
Follow Sailweb on Twitter - Click here
Whether or not Congress actually follows through, the president's warning left the impression of a superpower threatening to pick up its marbles and go home, they said. And they said it may only succeed in stoking resentment abroad and diminishing American influence in the world.
Carl Bildt, the former Swedish prime minister and foreign minister, said damage has already been done.
Photo
“Everyone knows the money serves U.S. interests, which is also true of European money,” he said. “But this feels ugly. And this is in the State of the Union, so it has gone through a policy process, so it matters more. There's a difference between the Twitter and the Teleprompter version of Trump policy.”
In any case, only about 1 percent of the United States federal budget goes to foreign aid — and about 40 percent of that is considered security assistance, rather than economic or humanitarian aid.
Americans nonetheless remain convinced that the country spends far more. In a 2015 study by the Kaiser Family Foundation, the average respondent thought that 26 percent of the federal budget went to foreign aid. More than half the respondents thought the United States was spending too much on foreign aid.
Even if the amounts of American aid are relatively small, the payoff can be substantial in leverage for the United States, in enhancing its image and promoting its values, others noted. That is changing.
Mr. Trump, in his speech, referred to the many countries that voted disapproval of his decision to eventually move the American Embassy in Israel to disputed Jerusalem.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
On Thursday, his ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki R. Haley, told Republican legislators that she was “taking names'' at the body, adding: “I can't tell you how helpful it is to have a Congress that backs us up. When y'all play the heavy, it makes it so much easier for me to play the bad cop with a smile.”
Beyond retribution, however, Mr. Trump has also made a theme of “America First,” proclaiming his dislike of programs like democracy promotion and generic humanitarian aid.
Photo
“I'm sure Trump thinks it's different, but in practical terms the U.S. has always been giving aid based on U.S. interests and needs,” said Xenia Wickett, a former United States official who runs the Americas program at Chatham House, the foreign affairs research institution.
“What's changing is the view of American soft power,” she added. “With Jerusalem and the State of the Union, there is a view that America is no longer doing the right thing and no longer for the right reasons. Its self-interest is explicit, as if it doesn't care, so those who gave Americans the benefit of the doubt no longer do so, and it does damage.”
Marc Otte, the former European Union special representative for the Middle East peace process and a senior fellow at the Egmont Institute, Belgium's Royal Institute for International Relations, said that cutting American aid reduces, not enhances, American influence.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
But the “broader question is whether America is reliable,” Mr. Otte said. “These are long-term commitments, and what does this mean for the U.N. system, for refugees, for Syria and Yemen if U.N. agencies are constrained.”
It creates resentment among other donor countries, too, he said.
As a government, America gives less than a percentage of its gross national income than other countries — only 0.17 percent, well below the 0.3 percent average for developed countries. But because the economy is so large, Americans still provide more foreign aid in total than any other country, and aid cuts do cause disruptions.
Even before the United Nations vote in December against the American decision on Jerusalem, Mr. Trump said he wanted to cut the Obama administration's spending on foreign aid, about $42.4 billion, to $27.3 billion, and fold the United States Agency for International Development into the State Department.
And he warned that he would withhold “billions” from countries that voted against him. “Let them vote against us,” he said. “We'll save a lot. We don't care.”
Photo
“But this isn't like it used to be where they could vote against you and then you pay them hundreds of millions of dollars,” he added. “We're not going to be taken advantage of any longer.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Trump's warning appeared aimed largely at countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America who are regarded as more vulnerable to American pressure.
More recently, offended by Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas's sharp criticism of the Jerusalem move, Mr. Trump ordered that $65 million in American aid be withheld from the United Nations refugee agency that serves the Palestinians.
At least 11 countries, including Russia, Belgium and Norway, have rushed to pay their own annual contributions early and in full, to fill the gap. Pressed by Norway, the European Union held an emergency session last week to seek faster contributions to the refugee agency.
Even the Israeli government has quietly criticized the cut to the agency, which provides much of the schooling and health care in Gaza and the West Bank, meaning that Israel, considered by most of the world as an occupying power, is not under obligation to do so.
Mr. Bildt suggested that the Europeans should not contribute more, but let Israel cope with the fallout of the aid cut. Noting that Israel was lobbying in Washington against the cutbacks, he asked: “Why should we jump in there? If it collapses, it is the responsibility of the occupying country, Israel, which should pay the costs of its occupation.”
Mr. Trump has also suspended aid to Pakistan over its ties to the Taliban, and that is a more popular act, said Ian Lesser, a former American official who runs the German Marshall Fund office here.
“On Egypt and especially Pakistan,” which receive large amounts of United States aid, “a lot of the foreign policy establishment will agree,” he said. “There's a lot of pent-up dissatisfaction with countries that have not been helpful.
“With some key countries,” he added, “it could be that Trump's assertiveness comes together with this pent-up frustration to produce change.”
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - The Advantage Player this week takes a look at some games you might not have known were being played. Don't be an action snob; winnings from MAC games spend just the same!
Georgia State at Coastal Carolina (-2)
The two worst teams in the Sun Belt meet, each with an embarrassing loss to an FCS school so far this season. I like Coastal Carolina at home because the Chanticleers have been a bit more competitive against better competition, and I think they have about a touchdown edge here. Their home win over UMass is better than Georgia State's win against Charlotte. This has all the makings of a 28-21 final score.
>> HOW TO: Sign up for sports alerts on the app
Ball State (+8) at Akron
Ball State is getting no respect with this line because its quarterback, Riley Neal, will be out, and its running back is questionable. While the Cardinals lost 55-3 without Neal last week, the game was not as bad as the final score indicated. Akron is no Western Michigan, and with or without Neal, Ball State will be able to compete to within a touchdown.
Eastern Michigan (+13.5) at Toledo
Toledo once again looks to be a MAC contender, although the Rockets let the league down by faltering late at Miami. Eastern Michigan almost gave the league an SEC road win but came up just short at Kentucky last week. Toledo is good but I think Eastern is still underrated, and this line is disrespecting that. Eastern has the horses to keep up with Toledo and this has the making of one of those MAC games where the favorite looks good but doesn't cover. Toledo by 6.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Olympic biathlon silver medallist Olga Zaitseva and cross-country skiers Yulia Chekaleva and Anastasia Dotsenko have filed appeals to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) after they were sanctioned by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) Disciplinary Commission for alleged doping at Sochi 2014.
The CAS confirmed in a statement today that the three athletes had appealed after they were disqualified from Sochi 2014 and banned from competing at the Olympic Games for life.
It means all 25 athletes to have been sanctioned by the Disciplinary Commission have now officially filed an appeal to the CAS.
The trio were the most recent to be punished by the Commission, chaired by IOC Executive Board member Denis Oswald.
The group is all accused of being part of a "systemic manipulation" of the doping programme in Sochi in which samples were illegally tampered with to mask doping.
They have been sanctioned following a combination of scientific evidence and testimony provided by ex-Moscow Laboratory director turned whistleblower Grigory Rodchenkov.
They all deny any wrongdoing.
Anastasia Dotsenko has also appealed after she was banned for life from the Olympics and disqualified from Sochi 2014 ©Getty Images
"The CAS has registered 3 additional appeals filed by Russian athletes against decisions taken by the Disciplinary Commission of the IOC," the CAS said in a statement.
"A CAS arbitration procedure has been opened for each athlete.
"The athletes have requested that the CAS issue its final awards before the beginning of the Olympic Winter Games 2018."
Zaitseva was stripped of the silver medal she won as part of the 4x6 kilometres relay at Sochi 2014.
Dotsenko recorded the best result of sixth in the women's team sprint at the Games, while Chekaleva was part of the the 4x5km women's relay team which also finished sixth.
List of Russian athletes sanctioned by the Oswald Commission
CALGARY — Jayden Halbgewachs had two goals and two assists to lead the Moose Jaw Warriors past the Calgary Hitmen 6-3 on Sunday afternoon in Western Hockey League action.
Josh Brook, Brayden Burke, Dmitri Zaitsev and Brett Howden rounded out the attack for the Warriors (25-5-2).
Vladislav Yeryomenko, Andrei Grishakov and Jake Kryski scored for Calgary (9-17-4).
Adam Evanoff made 26 saves for the win in net as Nick Schneider turned aside 22 shots in defeat.
Moose Jaw went 1 for 2 on the power play and the Hitmen converted once on seven opportunities with the man advantage.
—
BLADES 3 RAIDERS 2
SASKATOON — Alec Zawatsky scored the winner in the third period and Nolan Maier made 34 saves as the Blades edged Prince Albert.
Cameron Hebig and Bradly Goethals also scored for Saskatoon (12-16-3).
Jordy Stallard and Curtis Miske had goals for the Raiders (12-12-7). Ian Scott turned away 21 shots in defeat.
—
ROYALS 5 COUGARS 4 (OT)
PRINCE GEORGE, B.C. — Matthew Phillips scored his second goal of the game 1:55 into overtime as Victoria erased a three-goal deficit to top the Cougars.
Jared Freadrich also struck twice for the Royals (20-10-3) and Dino Kambeitz forced extra time with a goal late in the third period. Griffen Outhouse kicked out 30 shots for Victoria.
Josh Maser had a hat trick for Prince George (11-14-5) and Jackson Leppard also chipped in. Taylor Gauthier made 24 saves in defeat.
Victoria's Kade Jensen was given a match penalty for kneeing at 7:19 of the third period.
—
BRONCOS 6 OIL KINGS 1
EDMONTON — Glenn Gawdin had a pair of goals and Logan Flodell stopped 42 shots as Swift Current crushed the Oil Kings.
Kole Gable, Matteo Gennaro, Colby Sissons and Quinton Waitzner supplied the rest of the offence for the Broncos (22-7-2). Artyom Minulin tacked on three helpers.
Colton Kehler responded on the power play in the third for Edmonton (7-20-3). Travis Child kicked out 24 shots.
—
SILVERTIPS 4 AMERICANS 3
KENNEWICK, Wash. — Bryce Kindopp scored his second goal of the game at 19:42 of the third period and added an assist as Everett edged the Americans.
Riley Sutter and Wyatte Wylie also had goals for the Silvertips (19-12-2). Dustin Wolf made 29 saves for the win in net.
Michael Rasmussen struck twice for Tri-City (15-10-3) and Maxwell James had the other. Beck Warm turned aside 18 shots for the Americans.
— This roundup was generated automatically with a CP-developed application.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Louisville Metro's Office of Civic Innovation and Develop Louisville are seeking input from the public for an Autonomous Vehicle (AV) Playbook to help the city proactively prepare for the impact of autonomous vehicles on transportation.
Though Louisville may not see widespread adoption of AVs for several years, officials say it is important that the city initiates a conversation now on transportation values and provides an initial framework by which the city can better understand the advantages and disadvantages of the new technology.
While projections of how, and how quickly, the technology will be adopted are still being studied, AVs are expected to have a dramatic impact on how people and goods move to, from, and around the United States. In anticipation of that, Louisville Metro is researching and crafting a policy framework that prepares for this technology while ensuring that mobility is enhanced in an equitable manner for all of Louisville's residents.
The draft playbook lists five steps to guide the city's approach:
Ensure that major infrastructure decisions focus on safe movement of people and goods while considering the effects of AVs. Forge public-private partnerships to prepare for new regulatory and technological challenges, anticipate emerging technologies and establish best practices. Prepare for changes in parking demand. Ensure AV technology supports TARC operations to strengthen our transit system. Develop and maintain transportation technology and data infrastructure to provide enhanced safety and reliability while encouraging innovation and providing accurate information to people using Louisville's transportation network.
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ ISP Sergeant goes above and beyond the call of duty
+ Archdiocese of Louisville and LG&E make history with new solar array
+ Bevin announces partnership to implement Medicaid changes
To view the autonomous vehicle playbook and submit comments using an online form, click here.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
By Paul Lewis
If you agree on the phone or online to pay a firm using a credit or debit card, you will often be authorising a Continuous Payment Authority or CPA. When you do that you give the firm the right to
take any amount from your account whenever it chooses to do so. It is a huge power to give – especially to a company you do not know very well, which may be based abroad.
CPA on a credit card will appear on your statement like any other payment. If you authorise the CPA on your debit card, the money will be taken directly from your bank account.
Some firms will ask for your card number for a free trial – of a gym, a magazine, or a service – without making it completely clear that you are in fact authorising a regular subscription. If you do not specifically cancel the subscription then you will find yourself with a regular commitment.
That technique is turned into an out-and-out scam by some foreign firms that charge a low starting fee for health foods or perfumes and then commit you to an expensive monthly subscription. Always check your statement carefully and question any entries you do not recognise. It can seem very difficult to cancel these CPAs and the firms may well insist you have a contract to continue paying.
However, you do have an absolute right to stop a CPA with your bank or credit card provider. Once you say you do not authorise any further payments, it must obey that instruction.
If it makes another payment after you have cancelled then it has to refund you. Of course, the supplier may still argue about whether you owe them money. Be firm. If you authorise a CPA on your debit card, make sure you have enough money to pay it when it falls due. Items normally paid on a certain date may be taken a bit early or a bit late to fit in with weekends or public holidays. If you go overdrawn because of a CPA, or if a payment bounces, it will be expensive.
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in his mid-40s, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. He died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered his face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR his body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim had been living outside North Korea for decades. He was believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. He later said he was trying to bring his family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if he didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
The USAF's new F-35A Lightning II was deployed overseas for the first time at the weekend when the 34th Fighter Squadron arrived at RAF Lakenheath.
Two squadrons of the aircraft, which will also serve with the RAF and Royal Navy, will eventually be permanently based at RAF Lakenheath, but the Department of Defense said these were ‘on a long-planned training deployment to Europe'.
It added: “The aircraft are scheduled to conduct training with other US and NATO aircraft based in Europe for several weeks as part of the European Reassurance Initiative.
“This training deployment signifies an important milestone and natural progression of the F-35 program, allowing the Air Force to further demonstrate the operational capabilities of the fifth generation fighter aircraft. It also assists in refining requirements for eventually basing the F-35A in Europe, which is scheduled to receive the aircraft in the early 2020s.”
The USAF's European headquarters in Germany said the F-35As are from the Hill Air Force Base, Utah, and will conduct air training over the next several weeks with other Europe-based aircraft in support of the European Reassurance Initiative.
General Tod Wolters, USAF in Europe and Africa commander. said: “This is an incredible opportunity for USAFE Airmen and our NATO allies to host this first overseas training deployment of the F-35A aircraft.
“As we and our joint F-35 partners bring this aircraft into our inventories, it's important that we train together to integrate into a seamless team capable of defending the sovereignty of allied nations.
“RAF Lakenheath will be the first overseas beddown location for the F-35A. This deployment allows our pilots and maintainers to learn more about the European operating environment and will improve our interoperability with partners in the region.”
As part of the training they will deploy to other European countries from Lakenheath.
Their transatlantic flight was supported by the 100th Air Refueling Wing, RAF Mildenhall, as part of a ‘tanker bridge' which supplied more than 178 tons of fuel. In addition, transport aircraft flew in back-up equipment.
The F-35 joint strike fighter is a fifth-generation jet figher with multiple combat roles. It was developed jointly by several Nato countries and is built by Lockheed Martin.
It's mostly composite body has stealth capabilities and contains advanced electronics and the latest sensors. It is 15.7m long with a 10.7m wingspan and is powered by a single jet engine developing 43,000lb thrust making it capable of more than 1,200mph.
The navy will use a vertical take-off version.
TORONTO — Police say they're looking for a suspect after two 11-year-old girls were allegedly sexually assaulted in a Toronto convenience store.
The two girls were in the store last Friday afternoon and it's alleged they were approached by a man who sexually assaulted both of them.
Police say they're seeking the public's help in identifying the suspect and have released security camera images.
The man is described as 30 years old, clean-shaven, with short brown hair.
Anyone with information is asked to contact police.
Twitter/OfficialNBArefs
NBA officiating is a thankless job. On a nightly basis, NBA referees are an easy target of harassment from NBA players, fans, coaches, and even franchise owners, while good officiating often gets overlooked, and bad officiating can be headline news, depending on the time and the place.
It's the nature of working in professional sports officiating, so in some ways, that harassment is just part of the job. Do players, fans, coaches, and owners take their criticism too far sometimes? Certainly, but at this point, if you're going into the officiating profession, you should know what you're getting yourself into. Besides, sometimes the criticism that doesn't cross the line is deserved. NBA officiating, in particular, is far from perfect.
Former NBA All-Star turned ESPN analyst, Paul Pierce, was the latest member of the NBA world to lob some criticism in the referees' direction. During an episode of NBA Countdown, Pierce talked about NBA officials' halftime routine. A common NBA referee practice is that when or if they make a controversial call, they'll tell the angered player or coach that they'll go back and watch the film at halftime to determine if they missed something or got the call wrong.
(AP Photo/Kathy Kmonicek). A lake level indicator on the side of the Lake Tahoma Dam indicates how far above full, approximately 2 1/2 feet, the lake level is on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in McDowell County, five miles north of downtown Marion, N.C. Acc...
(AP Photo/Kathy Kmonicek). Local residents position a road closed sign at the entrance to the Lake Tahoma Dam on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in McDowell County, five miles north of downtown Marion, N.C. Continuous rain over the last several days has raise...
(AP Photo/Kathy Kmonicek). Water flows from the Lake Tahoma Dam on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in McDowell County, five miles north of downtown Marion, N.C. Continuous rain over the last several days has raised the water level of the dam and forced evacua...
(AP Photo/Chuck Burton). A truck passes an area on I-40 where traffic lanes were blocked in Old Fort, N.C., Wednesday, May 30, 2018 after heavy rains from the fringes of Subtropical Storm Alberto caused a mudslideTuesday evening.
(AP Photo/Chuck Burton). Workers clear debris from a parking lot washed out at a restaurant in Black Mountain, N.C., Wednesday, May 30, 2018 after heavy rains from the fringes of Subtropical Storm Alberto caused widespread flooding Tuesday evening.
By JEFFREY S. COLLINS
Associated Press
As remnants of Subtropical Storm Alberto spread into the Great Lakes region, people are keeping a weary watch on dams and hillsides as rains from the storms have triggered floods and mudslides in the Appalachians of the Southeast.
So far, four dams being closely watched by a state team of special engineers were holding up, North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper said Wednesday.
But Cooper went ahead and declared a state of emergency for his hard-hit mountain counties, saying the forecast for the rest of the week calls for isolated heavy rain storms that could instantly cause flooding in areas that have had 20 inches (50 centimeters) of rain in the past 15 days.
"This storm isn't yet over. I'm urging people to keep a close eye on forecasts," Cooper said.
Alberto, while still spinning like a classic tropical storm, has managed to make its way since a Memorial Day landfall in the Florida Panhandle to just outside of Chicago. Forecasters said it would still bring rain and gusty winds to the Great Lakes this week.
Alberto's heavy rains have been widespread. Scattered flooding was reported in several states from Alabama through Tennessee, Kentucky, Illinois, the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia.
In Hopkinsville, Kentucky, high winds and heavy rains gave Sherry Key a fitful night's sleep.
"I have dogs and they're terribly afraid of storms, so they were on top me all night," said Key, an airport office manager.
The worst of the flooding was in the Appalachian Mountains. Up to 7 inches (18 centimeters) of rain caused flooding in Helen, a mountain town in Georgia, the National Weather Service said.
Atlanta station WAGA-TV reported that several roads near the downtown area of that German-styled tourist destination were shut down because of the rising water. No injuries or structural damage have been reported.
Two deaths had been reported during the storm's passage. A television news anchor and a photojournalist were killed Monday in North Carolina while covering the weather, when a tree became uprooted from rain-soaked ground and toppled onto their SUV, authorities said. WYFF-TV of Greenville, South Carolina, said news anchor Mike McCormick and photojournalist Aaron Smeltzer died.
In the mountains of North Carolina, two Department of Transportation workers survived a close call when their dump truck was swept away by a mudslide in McDowell County while trying to clean debris from an earlier slide. The men were able to climb from the overturned truck and stand on its side in the Catawba River until they were rescued, Gov. Cooper said.
Authorities in Cuba say Alberto left four people dead there as the storm drenched the island in heavy rain. Interior Minister Julio Cesar Gandarilla said late Tuesday they died as a result of "recklessness" during the storm. He gave no details. The deaths occurred as authorities worked to contain an oil spill in central Cuba's Cienfuegos Bay that followed the flooding of nearby oil refinery.
___
Collins reported from Columbia, South Carolina. Associated Press Reporter Jack Jones, also in Columbia, contributed to this story.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and his new wife, Louise Linton, have made quite an impact in Washington, D.C. Since he was confirmed in February, Mnuchin has taken seven flights on military aircraft at a cost of more than $800,000, according to a his department's Office of Inspector General.
The inquiry into Mnuchin's travel was prompted by a since-deleted Instagram post by his wife in which she was photographed stepping off a military jet with the caption, "Great #daytrip to #Kentucky! #nicest #people #beautiful #countryside #rolandmouret pants #tomford sunnies, #hermesscarf #valentinorockstudheels #valentino #usa."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Louise Linton, wife of US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, just turned her Instagram private after posting this (h/t @skenigsberg) pic.twitter.com/beakVnAhhu — Margarita is in DC (@margarita) August 22, 2017
"The Secretary of the Treasury at times needs to use a government aircraft to facilitate his travel schedule and to ensure uninterrupted access to secure communications,” a Treasury spokesperson told the Washington Post. "The Department of the Treasury sought and received the appropriate approval from the White House. Secretary Mnuchin has reimbursed the government for the cost of Ms. Linton's travel in accordance with the long-standing policy regarding private citizens on military aircraft."
While the inquiry determined that Mnuchin did not break any laws, the inspector general stressed that there was a "disconnect between the standard of proof called for and the actual amount of proof provided by Treasury and accepted by the White House in justifying these trip requests."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Here are some other things to know about Mnuchin:
1. First of all, it's pronounced men-oo-chin.
As the below video points out, news anchors haven't quite figured out how to say it yet.
so here are a bunch of news anchors who don't know how to pronounce Steven Mnuchin's name pic.twitter.com/ATmsTASUaz — Mдтт Иegяiи 🔮 (@MattNegrin) November 30, 2016
2. He's a Wall Street insider.
He reportedly left Goldman Sachs to start a hedge fund. When nominating Mnuchin for the position, the president emphasized the role he will play in job creation. "Steve Mnuchin is a world-class financier, banker and businessman, and has played a key role in developing our plan to build a dynamic, booming economy that will create millions of jobs," he said in a statement.
But like many in the Trump administration, he has no experience in government, for better or for worse. "Over his business career, he was never particularly involved in politics, nor did he publicly express an interest in public policy," Andrew Ross Sorkin wrote in the New York Times. "He never ran a large organization or showed himself to be an accomplished economist."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
3. He's worth about $300 million.
When Mnuchin left Goldman in 2002, his stake was reportedly worth $46 million. Earlier this year Forbes reported his net worth as $300 million, which makes one of the wealthiest members of Trump's cabinet. Only Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson are richer.
4. Democrats were concerned about his role in the 2008 financial crisis.
Pre-crisis, Mnuchin headed up the mortgage department at Goldman Sachs, and implemented new products like collateralized debt obligations (CDOs) and credit default swaps (CDSs); this kind of products are what led to the financial crisis in 2008.
"He spent two decades at Goldman Sachs helping the bank peddle the same kind of mortgage products that blew up the economy and sucked down billions in taxpayer bailout money before he moved on to run a bank that was infamous for aggressively foreclosing on families," emphasized Warren.
Then, in 2009, Mnuchin put together a coalition of wealthy buyers to purchase failing California mortgage lender IndyMac, which he renamed OneWest.
Cosmopolitan reports that OneWest allegedly utilized shady business practices. "It reportedly tried to foreclose on a 90-year-old woman over a 27-cent payment error; it held back a large number of homeowners' insurance claims after Hurricane Sandy, according to New York Governor Andrew Cuomo; and it faces accusations of refusing to issue mortgage loans to people of color and not locating bank branches in minority communities."
Mnuchin rejected the accusations in his hearing saying, "Since I was first nominated to serve as Treasury secretary, I have been maligned as taking advantage of others' hardships in order to earn a buck. Nothing could be further from the truth."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
But Democrats remained skeptical.
"The Treasury secretary ought to be somebody who works on behalf of all Americans, including those who are still waiting for the economic recovery to show up in their communities," Senator Ron Wyden, the ranking Democrat on the Semate finance committee, said. "When I look at Mr. Mnuchin's background, it's a stretch to find evidence he'd be that kind of Treasury secretary."
5. He failed to disclose $100 million in assets on his initial committee ethics questionnaire.
Mnuchin said the oversight was "unintentional."
"As you all can appreciate, filling out these government forms is quite complicated," he said. "The paperwork … was quite a job."
Democrats considered the omission to be a disqualification for the position.
Mnuchin also defended his position as a director of an investment fund located in the Cayman Islands, a tax haven, during his hearing.
"I did not use a Cayman Island entity in any way to avoid taxes for myself. I paid U.S. taxes on all that income, so there was no benefit to me in the Cayman entity," he said. "They were merely accommodation to pension funds and nonprofit institutions."
6. You can thank him for a few recent blockbusters.
He's a financier of high-profile movies, including last summer's Suicide Squad. He also founded a movie production company, responsible for Mad Max: Fury Road and the X-Men franchise.
In fact, he'll be the first treasury secretary to have his name on U.S. currency and the credit sequence of the Entourage movie.
If confirmed tonight, Steve Mnuchin would become 1st Treasury sec to have his name appear on the U.S. dollar AND in the Entourage movie #wow https://t.co/jzxLKB6F1M — Brian Cheung (@bcheungz) February 13, 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
7. He cashed out on Madoff Ponzi profits.
His family withdrew $3.2 million in apparent profit from his late mother's account with Bernie Madoff. As the funds were retrieved before the Ponzi Scheme was uncovered, the Mnuchins were not required to return the money to victims.
8. He's promised to reduce taxes.
Mnuchin was apparently closely involved in developing Trump's tax platform, which may translate to as much as $6 trillion in tax reductions over the next decade, but may also contribute to much larger budget deficits.
"Any reductions we have in upper-income taxes will be offset by less deductions so that there will be no absolute tax cut for the upper class," Mnuchin said in an interview on CNBC's "Squawk Box."
9. Vice President Mike Pence officiated his wedding.
Photo by Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for LS
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Mnuchin wed Linton, a Scottish actress and producer, at the historic Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium in Washington, D.C. on June 24. Linton wore a gown made for her by the Toronto-based designer Ines Di Santo. and guests included President Trump and the first lady, Pence and his wife, cabinet members like HUD secretary Ben Carson, Veteran Affairs secretary David Shulkin, and Ross and his wife. Guests were "treated to a performance by kilted bagpipers and ballerinas in white tutus," according to CNN.
Steven Mnuchin and Louise Linton at the 2016 Library Lions Gala at New York Public Library. Getty
10. Mnuchin did business with Trump prior to the election.
It includes an investment in a Trump property in Waikiki, Hawaii, though others remain obscure.
11. He's not a die-hard Republican.
He and his ex-wife Heather Crosby donated to Democrats in the past, including Hillary Clinton in previous elections and Kamala Harris. His former business partner is also George Soros, the billionaire Democrat who has called Trump a "con artist and a would-be dictator."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Donald and Melania Trump with Heather Crosby and Steven Mnuchin NICK HUNT /Patrick McMullan via Getty Images
12. He can get a family discount on some first-rate art.
Mnuchin's father is Robert Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs partner who currently owns his eponymous New York gallery—the space contains works by Kooning, Rothko, and Pollock.
MOSCOW — Visiting U.S. senators on Wednesday urged Russia not to meddle in the U.S. midterm election in November if it wants to improve strained bilateral ties.
The senators were in Russia as part of a congressional visit taking place two weeks ahead of a summit between the nations' presidents in Helsinki.
Sen. John Thune, a South Dakota Republican, called for a “change in behaviour” on the part of Moscow.
“The best way to demonstrate this as we head into the 2018 election is to show the American people and our congress and our administration that the Russians have no intention of messing or playing with the American election,” Thune told The Associated Press in an interview.
Richard Shelby, a senator from Alabama who heads the delegation, brought up the topic of alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
“I think it's a given in the United States, in both parties, that Russia tried to meddle and probably did meddle in the election,” Shelby told the AP.
Senator Jerry Moran from Kansas said all Russian officials they spoke to denied that. “It was simply a denial on their part that it occurred.”
Shelby added, however, that despite deep disagreements, the meeting was a useful step in improving ties.
“We also told them that even though our relationship is strained, it would be better for the world for us to be competitors, always, rather than adversaries. But we'll have to see what happens.”
Russia-U.S. ties have been bitterly strained by the fighting in Ukraine, the Syrian war and allegations of election meddling.
A new study shows Wisconsin remains one of the top states for deer collisions. State Farm's 2017 deer-collision study shows Wisconsin drivers have a 1-in-72 chance of hitting a deer, elk or moose. The data is based on insurance claims. Drivers in West Virginia are at the greatest risk with a 1-in-43 chance of hitting […]
Source: WRN.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Rising star Ammara Brown will on Friday hold her debut show in Bulawayo.
Ammara last year rode on the wave of runaway hit Mukoko alongside Tytan Sikhokho.
She closed off the year with a sizzling song and music video for her duet with sister Chengeto – Watchu Want.
She will be performing at E68.
Ammara's manager, Tsungi Zvobgo, said the singer wanted to make up for promises she made to perform in the city that she had not fulfilled.
“This is her debut show in the city and Ammara is looking forward to it. She loves Bulawayo and plans to make up for all the time she has missed with her fans there,” said Zvobgo.
She said Ammara will come to Bulawayo with her full band.
The singer will arrive on Friday evening and get straight down to business of entertaining the patrons who are expected to gather at the venue.
Host of the show Babongile Sikhonjwa said the entry will be $5.
“Everything is set for Ammara to come down. We're looking forward for her to be in the city for the first time and I know revellers will enjoy their night out,” said Sikhonjwa.
He will be joined by DJ Keitho and Ras Obido as entertainers. The Chronicle
(Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office via AP). This May 29, 2018 photo made available by the Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office, S.C., shows Breanna Lewis under arrest. The mother, who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped on Tuesday, May 29, ...
CHESTERFIELD, S.C. (AP) - The mother of an 11-month-old baby found dead in a diaper box near her South Carolina home has been charged with lying to police and improperly disposing of a body, authorities said Wednesday.
Detectives continue to interview Breanna Lewis and her family and more charges are possible, Chesterfield County Sheriff Jay Brooks said Wednesday. Authorities said the 19-year-old mother had initially reported the child had been kidnapped.
"This is just a sad case all around," said Brooks, who called Lewis the "primary suspect" in the death of her daughter.
Lewis called deputies Tuesday saying she was attacked and that her baby, Harlee, was stolen from her arms by a man wearing a black coat, toboggan and one glove, according to the sheriff. Brooks added that the mother told them the kidnapping occurred when she went to get the mail Tuesday afternoon.
Lewis' face was bruised and her story initially seemed to check out, so an Amber Alert was issued, Brooks said. But not long after, deputies searching a field near Lewis' home found the baby's body inside a diaper box, according to authorities.
An autopsy was performed on the infant's body Wednesday, but Chesterfield County Coroner Kip Kiser said he is still investigating and isn't releasing the results yet.
Lewis is charged with filing a false police report for lying about an assault, in addition to the charge of improper disposal of human remains, Brooks said. He added that more charges are possible.
Jail officials said they didn't know if she has a lawyer. She was awaiting a bond hearing.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
An Ohio Congressman was at the baseball field when a gunman opened fire during a Republican Congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Va. Wednesday morning.
An Ohio Congressman was at the baseball field when a gunman opened fire during a Republican Congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Va. Wednesday morning.
Politicians from the president to state governors have condemned the shooting at a GOP baseball practice and extended thoughts and prayers to Rep. Steve Scalise.
Politicians from the president to state governors have condemned the shooting at a GOP baseball practice and extended thoughts and prayers to Rep. Steve Scalise.
The baseball game will be played according to Congressional representatives. In 1909, a former baseball player and lawmaker organized the first Congressional Baseball Game. The series is tied between the Democrats and Republicans.
The baseball game will be played according to Congressional representatives. In 1909, a former baseball player and lawmaker organized the first Congressional Baseball Game. The series is tied between the Democrats and Republicans.
Congressional baseball game goes back more than a century, will go on Thursday
Since 1831, 14 members of Congress have been killed and and about a dozen wounded.
Since 1831, 14 members of Congress have been killed and and about a dozen wounded.
President Donald Trump says he and the vice president are "deeply saddened" by news of a shooting "tragedy" at a congressional baseball game.
President Donald Trump says he and the vice president are "deeply saddened" by news of a shooting "tragedy" at a congressional baseball game.
The Illinois man who shot a Republican congressman and several other people Wednesday while they practiced baseball outside the nation's capital had a number of run-ins with police in recent years.
The Illinois man who shot a Republican congressman and several other people Wednesday while they practiced baseball outside the nation's capital had a number of run-ins with police in recent years.
Sen. Bernie Sanders says the man who shot a congressman and four other people was apparently a volunteer on his losing 2016 presidential campaign.
Sen. Bernie Sanders says the man who shot a congressman and four other people was apparently a volunteer on his losing 2016 presidential campaign.
Some Republicans say they're being threatened like never before in the Trump era and believe the violent rhetoric being directed at them by liberals is ignored by mainstream media.
Some Republicans say they're being threatened like never before in the Trump era and believe the violent rhetoric being directed at them by liberals is ignored by mainstream media.
Some in GOP say threats of violence against them ignored
Some in GOP say threats of violence against them ignored
James Hodgkinson, a 66-year-old from Belleville, IL, is the suspected shooter who opened fire at a GOP lawmakers' baseball practice in Alexandria, VA, on Wednesday. (Source: Facebook)
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-LA, was among multiple people shot at a baseball practice for GOP lawmakers and staff Wednesday in Alexandria, VA. (Source: House.gov)
The FBI is seeking information about the shooter. If you have a tip, call 1-800-CALL-FBI. (Source: FBI)
Law enforcement officers investigate the scene of a shooting near a baseball field in Alexandria, Va., Wednesday, June 14, 2017, where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La. was shot at a Congressional baseball practice. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon)
ALEXANDRIA, VA (RNN) - The hospital attending to House Majority Whip Steve Scalise said he was "critically injured" in the shooting at a baseball practice Wednesday for GOP lawmakers preparing for a charity game.
Scalise was one of five shooting victims - which include the shooter - and had surgery to repair a gunshot wound to his hip.
The bullet that stuck him traveled across his pelvis, fracturing bones, injuring internal organs and causing severe bleeding, the hospital said in a statement. Scalise received multiple units of blood and his injuries will require further operations, it confirmed.
President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump visited the hospital where he was being treated Wednesday night.
"Many lives would have been lost if not for the heroic actions of the two Capitol Police officers who took down the gunman despite sustaining gunshot wounds during a very, very brutal assault," Trump said in a statement provided by the White House.
FBI Special Agent in Charge Tim Slater clarified the number of injuries in a late afternoon news conference. Those who were shot are Scalise, lobbyist Matt Mika, Congressional staffer Zach Barth and Capitol Police officer Krystal Griner who was shot in the ankle.
Another congressman and a Capitol Police officer David Bailey were injured in the course of action. Slater did not state which congressman representative he was referring to, however, Rep. Roger Williams, R-TX, hurt his ankle fleeing from gunfire, was taken away on a stretcher, and gave a news conference on crutches.
Mika, the Director of Government Relations for Tyson Foods, is also in critical condition at George Washington University Hospital according to KUAR, which cited former Michigan Congressman David Palsrok and Mika's parents as sources. Mika was shot in the chest.
Slater also said the shooter has been in the Alexandria area since March. Agents are searching his home in Belleville, IL, and Alexandria police and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives swept his car at the baseball field parking lot. The shooter had one handgun and one rifle on him.
Rep. Jeff Duncan, R-SC, said he spoke with a man before the shooting who asked "if the team practicing was a Democrat or Republican Team."
"I told them they were Republicans. He said, 'OK, thanks' and turned around."
The Congressional baseball game will not be canceled. It will be broadcast live on CSPAN Thursday. The gates open at 5:30 p.m., and the first pitch will be at 7:05 p.m.
President Donald Trump said during a national news conference that the shooter died from his injuries.
Trump refused to say the name of the alleged gunman, identified by law enforcement as 66-year-old James Hodgkinson from Belleville, IL. Pro-Bernie Sanders and anti-Trump posts are featured on his Facebook page. He also wrote several politically charged letters to an Illinois newspaper, the Belleville News-Democrat.
Rep. Scalise was critically injured and remains in critical condition. The other patient is in good condition. — MedStar Washington (@MedStarWHC) June 14, 2017
Capitol Police officers, part of Scalise's security detail as a member of House leadership, were injured in the shooting. They have been identified as Griner and Bailey, and they have been credited with preventing the attack from being far worse.
House Speaker Paul Ryan identified and thanked Bailey and Griner for their bravery, in an address on the House floor.
"We are united," he said to House members. "We are united in our shock and anguish. An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us."
Williams, R-TX, said Barth, a legislative correspondent in his office, was among the people who were shot, but he is expected to make a full recovery. Matt Mika, a lobbyist for Tyson Foods, also sustained injuries. Tyson spokesman Gary Mickelson told the AP that Mika was taken to a hospital, and they are waiting on word of his condition.
Rep. Jeff Duncan, R-SC, and Rep. Ron DeSantis, R-FL, said they were at the field before the shooting and briefly spoke to the suspected shooter. They said the man asked if it was the Republicans or Democrats practicing, and they told him it was Republicans.
According to the Washington Post, Hodgkinson was charged in April 2006 with battery and aiding damage to a motor vehicle, but the charges were dismissed. His wife told ABC News that he had been living in Alexandria for a couple of months.
St. Louis Post-Dispatch said the suspect owned a home inspection business, but the business license expired last year.
Videos claiming to be recorded during the shooting have started to appear online. WARNING: Content may be disturbing to viewers.
Scalise's office released a statement on his behalf on his official Twitter.
"Prior to entering surgery, the Whip was in good spirits and spoke to his wife by phone," stated the office representative. "He is grateful for the brave actions of U.S. Capitol Police, first responders and colleagues."
The Federal Bureau of Investigation is now heading up the investigation because members of Congress were involved in the shooting. FBI Special Agent in Charge Tim Slater would not comment on if the Republican lawmakers were specifically targeted, if the shooting was domestic terrorism, or on what is the motive of the shooter.
The Associated Press reported the ATF was tracing a rifle and a handgun involved in the shooting to find where they were purchased. Congressman Mo Brooks, R-AL, said they were practicing for an upcoming charity baseball game with Democratic lawmakers, when "50 to 100 shots were fired."
Alexandria Police Chief Michael Brown said officers responded within minutes, and they are collaborating with Capitol police, Virginia State Police and the FBI.
"Police received fire from the suspect and returned fire," Brown said.
Sen. Bernie Sanders delivered a statement on the Senate floor. He said he learned the suspect volunteered for his presidential campaign, and he is sickened by the "despicable act."
He hopes and prays for the victims to make a complete recovery and thanks Capitol Police for their action.
"Let me be as clear as I can be. Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society, and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms," Sanders said. "Real change can only come about through nonviolent action, and anything else runs against our most deeply held beliefs."
Karoline Hutson, public relations manager for George Washington Hospital, told Washington Post that two people from the shooting were there in critical condition.
Update on the Condition of Majority Whip Steve Scalise https://t.co/Lfna1fgHLL pic.twitter.com/BVGXbOKRMY — Rep. Steve Scalise (@SteveScalise) June 14, 2017
Brooks said he was in the on-deck circle when the first shots were fired, and he and others took cover in one of the dugouts. He said the shooter was "taken down."
"Once we got the all-clear that the shooter was down, we ran out to second base for Steve Scalise," Brooks said. "He had crawled into the outfield, leaving a trail of blood. And we started giving him some liquids; I put pressure on his wound in his hip.
"Brad Wenstrup, a congressman from Ohio … fortunately, he's a physician. He started doing what you need to do to try to minimize the blood loss."
Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona said at least one kid, Rep. Joe Barton's 10-year-old son, was at the field. The child was unharmed.
"I got Steve Scalise's phone and called his wife," Flake said. "I just didn't want her to wake up and hear the news and not know what was going on."
Rep. Brad Wenstrup (R-OH) -- a physician -- tells me HE TREATED SCALISE at the scene... that Scalise was "conscious and okay." — Steven Portnoy (@stevenportnoy) June 14, 2017
Sen. Rand Paul, R-KY, said on Twitter that he was there and "shaken but unharmed."
"Many people likely would have died this morning if not for the bravery of the Capitol Police," he said in a statement. "My thanks to them are inadequate but heartfelt. They never hesitated to put their lives on the line to save everyone. Please pray for all those who were injured."
House votes have been canceled for the day, said Rep. Dave Brat, R-VA. There was increased security outside the U.S. Capitol after the shooting, with more officers guarding the East Front with long weapons. Tourists were still participating in scheduled tours.
UPDATE: Suspect is in custody and not a threat. PIO will be onscene shortly to share updates. — Alexandria Police (@AlexandriaVAPD) June 14, 2017
You never expect a baseball field in America to feel like being back in a combat zone in Iraq, but this morning it did. — Brad Wenstrup (@RepBradWenstrup) June 14, 2017
Gabby Giffords, a former U.S. representative who was shot by an attacker in 2011, called the shooting an attack on all who serve or participate in "our democracy." She said she is heartbroken for the victims, their families and all who had to endure the attack.
"May all Americans come together today with prayers for the survivors, love for their friends and family, and the courage to go about every day making this country its best," she said in a statement. "Our nation is resilient, and we always come back stronger."
The full roster of the GOP baseball team, according to the Congressional Baseball website:
Joe Barton TX-06
Jack Bergman MI-1
Mike Bishop MI-08
Kevin Brady TX-08
Mo Brooks AL-05
Mike Conaway TX-11
Ryan Costello PA-07
Rodney Davis IL-13
Ron Desantis FL-6
Jeff Duncan SC-03
Jeff Flake AZ
Chuck Fleischmann TN-03
Matt Gaetz FL-01
Bill Johnson OH-06
Trent Kelly MS-01
Darren LaHood IL-18
Doug LaMalfa CA-01
Barry Loudermilk GA-11
Roger Marshall KS-1
Pat Meehan PA-07
John Moolenaar MI-04
Steve Palazzo MS-04
Gary Palmer AL-06
Rand Paul KY
Erik Paulsen MN-03
Steve Pearce NM-02
Thomas Rooney FL-17
Dennis Ross FL-15
Steve Scalise LA-01
John Shimkus IL-15
Mark Walker NC-06
Brad Wenstrup OH-02
Roger Williams TX-25
Kevin Yoder KS-03
Rep. Claudia Tenney, R-NY, said she received a threatening email after the shooting. The email subject, she said, read "One down, 216 to go."
According to the Associated Press, 217 people voted for the bill to replace Barack Obama's signature healthcare bill, which the email writer possibly referenced.
Tenney sent the email to Capitol Police.
This message sent to my office was particularly disturbing following today's tragedy. We must stop the normalization of violent discourse. https://t.co/CbZqR2HwsN — Claudia Tenney (@claudiatenney) June 14, 2017
Copyright 2017 Raycom News Network. All rights reserved.
PORT CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) - A Port Canaveral harbor pilot and a sheriff's deputy teamed up to rescue two spring breakers on a personal watercraft as a Carnival Cruise ship moved toward them.
A cruise ship passenger captured the rescue on video as Brevard County Sheriff's Deputy Taner Primmer pulled the women to safety Saturday.
A Canaveral Pilots Association statement says Capt. Doug Brown spotted them while navigating the Carnival Magic out of the port and alerted Primmer. As he approached in a marine patrol boat, one woman fell off the jet ski. It flipped as she tried to get back on, sending both women into the water.
With the ship bearing down, Primmer pulled them out and steered his boat away.
Area news outlets identified them as 19-year-old Skylar Penpasuglia and 20-year-old Allison Garrett of Princeton, West Virginia.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
In order to add greater depth and detail to your full-stack monitoring, Datadog is introducing a new way to explore, inspect, and monitor every process across your distributed infrastructure. That's every PID, on every host, in one place.
We love tools like htop for real-time process monitoring, but SSH-ing into a server to run command line diagnostics quickly becomes unwieldy when your infrastructure comprises hundreds or thousands of hosts. Building on our recent release of Live Containers, our new Live Process view enables open-ended debugging and inventory management for massive, distributed systems, while preserving the features we depend on in our trusty system tools.
With Live Processes, you can query all your running processes, filter and group them using tags, and drill in to see process-level system metrics at two-second granularity.
Going deeper
We already help monitor your infrastructure and applications with our more than 200 integrations, which faithfully collect work and resource metrics from your systems. But often, after drilling down, you find that some system resource is saturated on a host. You can bounce the host and move on, but in order to prevent the issue from happening again, you need a deeper level of understanding and visibility.
Read the entire article here, Introducing Live Process monitoring in Datadog
Via the fine folks at DataDog.
The Department of Social Welfare and Development (DSWD) has released guidelines for the distribution of cash assistance, worth P5,000, for families displaced from the predominantly Muslim city of Marawi which has been besieged by a terror group since May 23.
In a statement on Wednesday, Social Welfare Secretary Judy Taguiwalo said the assistance would be released in two tranches. The first will be distributed earlier to help families observing Ramadan to procure appropriate food for the month-long religious holiday and the second will help in transportation costs.
“We have decided to provide each affected family with P1,000 apart from the family food packs and all the other food donations that we are receiving on their behalf. The families can use the money to buy food that is more suitable for them when they break their fast at sunset,” Taguiwalo said.
ADVERTISEMENT
During Ramadan, Muslims fast from sunrise to sunset. The DSWD, in its statement, recognized that the usual contents of their family food packs—six kilos of rice, three cans of corned beef, three cans of sardines, and six packs of ready-to-drink coffee—are not suitable for the Muslim holiday.
“As for the remaining P4,000, it will be released to each family when it is already safe for them to return to Marawi. We are also preparing other actions to help them when they resume their lives in their communities—other DSWD programs will be made accessible to them,” Taguiwalo added.
Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy Name. Thy kingdom come. THY WILL BE DONE, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, but DELIVER US FROM EVIL.
For Thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory, forever and ever. Amen †
Thetford's £8 million Riverside Complex in Bridge Street could soon see a new business open as one of the site's units is now ‘under offer'.
The potential new tenants will be the first to come to the leisure complex since restaurant chain Grand Central American Bar & Grill opened in April, 2017.
Residents were growing concerned on social media by the lack of movement on the empty units on the site but now Breckland Council has confirmed that a potential new tenant could be on its way.
Talking about this and the new Breckland Retail Park in London Road, Cllr Adrian Stasiak, Breckland Council Executive Member for Growth and Commercialisation, said: “A new retail park will be another string to our bow in the town's offer to both residents and visitors. The council is also in ongoing discussions with tenants who are interested in potentially coming to Thetford Riverside and we will release further details once commercially sensitive discussions are concluded.”
The 2,643 square foot unit under offer is the largest unused unit in the complex but the company bidding for the unit is still unnamed.
Town councillor Chris Harvey said: “Great news for our town that another unit in the riverside complex is under offer this can only be a positive for the town centre and I hope it's a let that offers our town something different than we have already.”
Though it is believed that the units will only house one type of business, a Breckland Council officer revealed they would be open to all offers.
She said: “We are currently marketing the units in accordance with the planning use class A3 – restaurants and cafes – however we would consider other uses from operators.”
The Riverside Complex opened in December 2016 and also boasts a cinema and a 64- bedroom hotel.
It is believed that the plan for the complex has been to mirror the restaurant strategy of the arc Shopping Centre in Bury St Edmunds, by bringing in one to establish themselves before expanding to more.
Patapaa at the passport office
When it is your time to shine — absolutely no one can stop you. Patapaa Amisty having recorded over 70 tracks and out of that, One corner has propelled him into the limelight is set to travel abroad — At least, taste some dollars..”man for chop from his sweat”.
The picture above is Patapaa's photograph session at the Accra Passport Office located at the Old Foreign Affairs Ministry premises.
He is reported to have gotten some international tours and necessary things must be facilitated for him to travel. Patapaa's “One Corner” song has broken the boundaries of Ghana and is reported to be the biggest song in Nigeria at the moment.
It has even gotten the attention of the likes of Reekado Banks and Don Jazzy experiencing its craze. Not only in Nigeria but have crossed the oceans and have even gotten airplays in some clubs in the USA and Europe.
As you can clearly see in the photo, Patapaa's real name is Justice Amoah.
قالب وردپرس
Comments
Business News of Saturday, 7 October 2017
Source: mynewsgh.com
2017-10-07
A total of 18,237 illegalities were identified from the monitoring exercise within a period
The Accra West Region of the Electricity Company of Ghana (ECG) has retrieved about GH¢ 2.89million from 464 persons who bypassed their metres and used power from the national grid illegally.
The Loss Control Unit of the company, which facilitated the recovery, found the 464 persons culpable after monitoring 108,896 customers of ECG in the region between January and August this year.
The Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the Accra West Region of the ECG Mr Eric Asante, who disclosed this to the media, said some of the customers had faulty metres.
Mr Asante explained that out of the amount, customers had so far paid GHC 1.55million, representing 59 percent of the charges.
Illegalities
Mr Asante noted that a total of 18,237 illegalities were identified from the monitoring exercise within the period under review.
Regarding tariff issues, he said, “Some 236 customers had tariff class problems; for instance, they are commercial customers but were being billed on residential tariffs, so their bills are low some were also residential customers but were being billed on commercial tariffs.”
Unauthorized connections
Mr Asante said in the period 85 persons were also identified to have undertaken unauthorized service connections, adding that 156 others had tampered with their metres, while three others were found to have engaged in direct connections.
He further mentioned that the ECG would replace all the 651 metres identified to be faulty.
North Ridge Centre
The Accra West Ridge PRO said the company had opened a new customer service centre at North Ridge in Accra to enable it get closer to customers.
(Curtis Compton/Atlanta Journal-Constitution via AP). Potesters try to topple a Confederate monument with a chain Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, at Piedmont Park in Atlanta. The peace monument at the 14th Street entrance depicts an angel of peace stilling the ...
(Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail via AP). This photo provided by the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail shows James Alex Fields Jr., who was charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he rammed his car into a ...
(AP Photo/David Goldman). A photo of victim Heather Heyer sits beneath a statue depicting a Confederate soldier in Piedmont Park in Atlanta Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, that was vandalized with spray paint from protesters who marched through the city last ...
(AP Photo/David Goldman). A statue depicting a Confederate soldier in Piedmont Park in Atlanta is vandalized with spray paint Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, from protesters who marched through the city last night to protest the weekend violence in Charlottesvi...
(Shelby Lum/Richmond Times-Dispatch via AP). Protesters march on Broad Street late Sunday Aug. 13, 2017, in Richmond, Va. The group marched through the Fan District to the Lee Monument to Jackson Ward. The march was held a day after a white supremacist...
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) - The Latest on violent protests connected to a white nationalist rally in Virginia (all times local):
___
6:45 p.m.
A Texas lawmaker says Texas A&M University won't host a "white lives matter" rally on the campus next month.
Republican state Rep. John Raney said Monday that university chancellor John Sharp told him the event had been canceled due to "hate messages" on social media and police concerns of violence. The event had been scheduled for Sept. 11.
Raney made the announcement on the floor of the Texas House of Representatives just hours after lawmakers said they were working to stop the rally from taking place.
Texas A&M officials confirmed the event had been canceled.
The event was organized by a former A&M student who said he was inspired by a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday.
That event erupted in violence as protesters and counterprotesters clashed. Police say a 20-year-old man rammed in his car into a group of the counterprotesters, killing a woman and injuring at least 19.
A former teacher of the man says he idolized Adolf Hitler and was fascinated with Nazism.
___
6 p.m.
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe is directing his administration to conduct an "extensive review" of how police prepare and respond to rallies like the one that ended with deadly violence in Charlottesville.
The Democratic governor has adamantly supported how police handled Saturday's protests.
His office said Monday in a statement that he wants his administration to review how permits for such rallies are granted. McAuliffe also said he had directed his administration to form a commission focused on racial reconciliation. The governor said he wants "actionable recommendations" on what the state can do to promote unity and public safety.
___
6 p.m.
The driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville worked as a security officer in Ohio.
Securitas Security Services USA, Inc. said in a statement on Monday that James Alex Fields Jr. worked for the company for two months starting in May 2016 and again from November to the present.
The company says the state of Ohio issued Fields a security officer license and that the man "performed his duties satisfactorily."
Securitas says Fields was on previously requested vacation leave when police say he rammed his car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer. The company says Fields' employment has been terminated.
Fields has been charged with second-degree murder and other offenses.
___
6 p.m.
Accident investigators say there was no distress signal from a Virginia state police helicopter that crashed over the weekend near Charlottesville, where neo-Nazi and so-called alt-right demonstrators clashed with counter-protesters.
The National Transportation Safety Board said Monday that the helicopter was providing video to police of activities in downtown Charlottesville before it broke off to lend support to a motorcade for Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe. Within two minutes there was a 911 call reporting the crash, which happened 7 miles (10 kilometers) southwest of the Charlottesville airport.
Both state troopers on board were killed.
The board said the helicopter's vertical flight path was about 45 degrees when it descended into trees. The tail boom separated from the main wreckage and became lodged in a tree.
___
6 p.m.
The mother of a University of Virginia student injured when a car rammed through counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally says she hopes her daughter can be returned to Houston for medical treatment and recovery.
Ericka Chaves said Monday that her 20-year-old daughter, Natalie Romero, suffered a skull fracture and other injuries on Saturday in Charlottesville, which is home to the university.
Chaves says it's "really hard" for her daughter to talk, but she's tough. Chaves says she hopes her daughter doesn't return to the university after she heals.
Romero is attending the school on a scholarship. She was a leader at Houston's Bellaire High School's Junior ROTC program and was named outstanding ROTC cadet in 2016.
___
4:45 p.m.
Charlottesville Police Chief Al Thomas told a news conference Monday that a hotline was being set up to enable people to report assaults and other criminal activity that may have occurred at a weekend rally of white nationalists.
He also said "alt-right" rally attendees had failed to follow an agreed-upon plan on entering Emancipation Park. The attendees were gathering to protest plans to remove a Confederate statue.
The event also drew counter-protesters - and Thomas said the crowds became more aggressive and "mutually engaged combatants" became more violent.
When asked whether he had any regrets, he said: "Absolutely I have regrets. We lost three lives this weekend."
He was referring to 32-year-old Heather Heyer, who died after a car police say was driven by James Alex Fields Jr. rammed into a crowd of counter-protesters.
Two Virginia State Police officers also died when their helicopter, which was dispatched to the area, crashed just outside of Charlottesville.
___
3:30 p.m.
Google says it's canceling the registration of neo-Nazi website The Daily Stormer for violating its terms of service, after it posted an article mocking the woman who was run over and killed at a white nationalist rally in Virginia.
The site was briefly down Monday - following a move by registration company GoDaddy to also cancel the site's domain name. But after a short time it was back up, including a post from the website's publisher, Andrew Anglin, saying he had retaken control of the site. The site claimed it was briefly controlled by a member of the "Anonymous" group of hackers.
The article about Heather Heyer criticizes her appearance, that she had no children, and that she couldn't move fast enough to avoid the charging car.
The 32-year-old Heyer died after a car police say was driven by James Alex Fields Jr. rammed into a crowd of counter-protesters. The group was demonstrating against white nationalists who had gathered to oppose the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from a park in Charlottesville.
___
3 p.m.
Records from 911 calls show the driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally was previously accused of beating his mother and threatening her with a knife.
Authorities say 20-year-old James Fields drove his car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville. At least two dozen were wounded in addition to the woman killed.
The records the Florence Police Department in Kentucky show the man's mother had called police in 2011. Records show Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told police he stood behind her wielding a 12-inch knife. Bloom is disabled and uses a wheelchair.
In another incident in 2010, Bloom said that Fields smacked her in the head and locked her in the bathroom after she told him to stop playing video games. Bloom told officers Fields was on medication to control his temper.
___
3 p.m.
A spokeswoman for a hospital in Virginia says 10 patients treated there after a car ran into counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally have been released. Nine others are in good condition.
UVA Health System spokeswoman Angela Taylor gave the update Monday.
Twenty people were taken to UVA Medical Center after the car ran into the crowd Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia. One, Heather Heyer, died. Five were initially in critical condition.
The hospital has said it treated additional patients related to Saturday's events beyond those 20, but that it can't give an exact number.
___
1:30 p.m.
A former classmate of the man accused of plowing his car into counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally says the suspect once said he went on a school trip to Germany so he could "get to the Fatherland."
Keegan McGrath told The Associated Press on Monday that he was roommates with James Alex Fields Jr. on that trip in 2015.
McGrath says he challenged Fields on his beliefs and went home early because he couldn't handle being in a room with Fields.
He says Fields seemed fairly normal before that at their school in Union, Kentucky.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder after authorities say he drove into a crowd in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.
A judge said Monday he'll appoint an attorney to represent Fields.
___
10:40 a.m.
A judge has denied bond for an Ohio man accused of plowing his car into a crowd at a white nationalist rally.
Judge Robert Downer said during a bond hearing Monday he would appoint a lawyer for James Alex Fields Jr.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he drove into the crowd, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.
The rally was held by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Fields has been in custody since Saturday.
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for his "deeply held, radical" convictions on race.
___
9:45 a.m.
A group that hosts a ceremony every year to re-dedicate an Atlanta monument depicting a Confederate soldier vows that it will be repaired after protesters spray-painted it and broke a chunk from it.
John Green, past commandant of the Old Guard of the Gate City Guard, said Monday it appears his group must now raise money to repair the 105-year-old statue damaged during a Sunday protest after the deadly weekend violence in Virginia.
City officials haven't commented on any plans for repairs or whether city funds would be used for that.
Green said removing the statue from Piedmont Park, a city park, is not an option.
He said the angel standing over the soldier represents peace, and it was created to help bring the nation back together after the Civil War.
___
7:40 a.m.
A prominent white nationalist website that promoted a Virginia rally that ended in deadly violence Saturday is losing its internet domain host.
GoDaddy tweeted late Sunday night that it has given the Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider because the site has violated GoDaddy's terms of service.
GoDaddy spokesman Dan Race tells the New York Daily News that the Daily Stormer violated its terms of service by labeling a woman killed in an attack at the event in Charlottesville "fat" and "childless." Heather Heyer was killed Saturday when police say a man plowed his car into a group of demonstrators protesting the white nationalist rally.
Shortly after GoDaddy tweeted its decision, the site posted an article claiming it had been hacked and would be shut down.
___
7:30 a.m.
Protesters spray-painted and broke a chunk off a statue depicting a Confederate soldier at an Atlanta park after they marched through the city to protest the weekend violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports that a lone policeman at Piedmont Park on Sunday night was surrounded by black-clad protesters shouting "pig" as demonstrators used chains to try and destroy the Peace Monument.
The statue depicts a winged angel standing over a Confederate soldier.
Video from local news outlets showed red spray paint covering much of the monument following the demonstration.
The Atlanta protest was among several around the nation over the weekend that were organized after a chaotic white supremacist rally in Virginia ended with deadly violence.
___
7:30 a.m.
The German government is condemning the white nationalist rally in Virginia that turned violent Saturday, expressing solidarity with peaceful counter-protesters.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's spokesman Steffen Seibert told reporters Monday that it was an "absolutely repulsive scene at this extreme-right march."
He said "there was outrageous racism, anti-Semitism and hate in its most despicable form to be seen, and whenever it comes to such speech or such images it is repugnant."
He added that it's "completely contrary to what the chancellor and the German government works for politically, and we are in solidarity with those who stand peacefully against such aggressive extreme-right opinions."
Seibert says Merkel also regrets the death of a counter-protester and sent her sympathies to those injured.
___
3 a.m.
An Ohio man accused of plowing his car into counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally in Virginia is set to make his first court appearance.
Col. Martin Kumer, superintendent at the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail, says 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. has a bond hearing Monday morning.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he drove into the crowd, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.
Fields has been in custody since Saturday. Jail officials told The Associated Press they don't know if he's obtained an attorney.
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for his "deeply held, radical" convictions on race.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
DALLAS — Southwest Airlines runs its planes hard. They make many short hops and more trips per day than other U.S. airliners, which adds to wear and tear on parts, including the engines.
As the investigation into last week's deadly engine failure continues, Southwest CEO Gary Kelly could face questions about whether the company's low-cost business model — which puts its planes through frequent takeoffs and landings — is putting passengers at risk.
Some aviation safety experts said they see no reason for alarm. And, in fact, Southwest's safety record is enviable: Until last week, no passenger had died in an accident during its 47-year history.
Still, the Dallas-based airline has paid millions over the past decade to settle safety violations, including fines for flying planes that didn't have required repairs. Twice in the past nine years, holes have torn open in the roofs of Southwest planes in flight.
In another episode in 2016, an engine on a Southwest jet blew apart over Florida because of metal fatigue, or wear and tear, hurling debris that struck the fuselage and tail. No one was hurt.
Then, last week, one of the engines on Southwest Flight 1380 blew apart at 32,000 feet over Pennsylvania, spraying the Boeing 737 with shrapnel and killing 43-year-old Jennifer Riordan, a mother of two who was blown partway out a broken window. The National Transportation Safety Board said a fan blade that had snapped off the engine was showing signs of metal fatigue.
The union representing Southwest mechanics recently accused the company of pressuring maintenance workers to cut corners to keep planes flying. And the Federal Aviation Administration investigated union whistleblower complaints and found mistrust of management so serious that it could hurt safety.
In one case, investigators said a worker who should have been praised for finding corrosion on a plane in Dallas was chastised for working beyond the scope of the task he had been assigned. The leader of the Aircraft Mechanics Fraternal Association, Bret Oestreich, said Southwest had created a culture of hostility and retaliation.
Nevertheless, aviation safety experts and longtime industry watchers said they do not consider Southwest unsafe.
“They have had a lot” of incidents, said John Goglia, a former NTSB member, “but you have to remember that they have a very large fleet” — more than 700 Boeing 737s, the largest 737 fleet in the world.
Before last week, if Goglia thought about airlines that might have safety questions, Southwest wasn't even on the radar, he said.
Southwest's short, frequent flights put more stress on the plane and engines, like a car used heavily in stop-and-go city traffic, said Alan Diehl, an aviation-safety consultant and former NTSB and Air Force accident investigator.
Diehl said, however, that Southwest's crews are accustomed to the quicker pace and that their work is made easier because Southwest flies only Boeing 737s instead of an assortment of planes.
Southwest jets make on average 5.3 flights per day compared with between 2.8 and 3.4 per day at American Airlines, Delta and United, according to an analysis by industry newsletter Airline Weekly using information from airline data provider Diio.
Southwest flies frequently on short routes such as Los Angeles to San Francisco and Dallas to Houston. Its average flight is 764 miles, the shortest among U.S. airlines and barely half as long as the average at American and Delta, according to the Airline Weekly analysis. Each takeoff and landing contributes to wear and tear on the aircraft.
“It's amazing how safe Southwest has been over the years, considering the operational difficulty of what they do,” said Seth Kaplan, managing partner of Airline Weekly. Like others interviewed for this story, Kaplan said he is not afraid to fly Southwest — he and his family are booked on a flight next week.
Although last week's accident was Southwest's first passenger fatality, it was not the first time someone was killed by one of its planes. In 2005, a Southwest jet skidded off a runway and through a fence at Chicago's Midway Airport, striking a car and killing a 6-year-old boy.
Southwest, the nation's fourth-biggest airline by passenger traffic but the largest in terms of U.S.-only flights, has paid millions in fines after enforcement actions by the FAA.
The biggest FAA fine against Southwest was $7.5 million in 2009. The FAA said Southwest kept 46 planes flying even though they had skipped critical inspections of the fuselage for metal fatigue.
Five years later, the FAA proposed a $12 million fine over 44 planes that had undergone improper fuselage repairs while at a contractor hired by Southwest. The airline settled a lawsuit by agreeing to pay $2.8 million.
The 2016 engine failure over Florida highlighted the need for closer inspection of engine blades. Southwest spokeswoman Brandy King said that after engine maker CFM International recommended more inspections last year, Southwest had inspected all fan blades covered by the recommendation before last week's accident.
King said the airline will meet a new CFM recommendation to inspect all older fan blades by the end of August. She said the airline is also inspecting all newer fan blades, a move not yet required by the FAA.
Southwest's CEO has said many times before and since last week's engine failure that safety is paramount at the airline.
Rather than hide from bad news, Kelly spoke to reporters just hours after the accident and promised to “do all we can” to help Riordan's family.
“His emotion was very real. It was palpable,” said Henry Harteveldt, a travel-industry analyst. “Mr. Kelly has done a very good job in communicating this to the public and leading the airline.”
The day after the accident, Southwest sent letters from Kelly to passengers on Flight 1380, saying that the airline would give them each $5,000 “to cover any of your immediate financial needs” and a $1,000 travel voucher.
Harteveldt said Southwest clearly hoped the letters might discourage lawsuits, “but I thought it was a noble gesture.”
——
David Koenig can be reached at http://twitter.com/airlinewriter
Associated Press writers Dee-Ann Durbin and Tom Krisher in Detroit contributed to this report.
SEYMOUR, IN (WAVE) – Many questions are still looming about how a Ford worker was killed this weekend at the Kentucky Truck Plant.
"Terrible shame what happened. Our hearts and prayers to all of his family," Greg Prange, Principal at Seymour High School said. Years ago when he taught science, Ivan Bridgewater was one of his students. Bridgewater, 41, who worked as an electrician at the Ford Kentucky Truck Plant in Louisville, died early Saturday morning.
>> PREVIOUS STORY: Coroner ID's Ford plant victim
Ford has confirmed Bridgewater was an electrician and released a statement saying in part "we are deeply saddened by the death of an employee, our condolences go out to his family and co-workers."
A visitation will be held Tuesday, and a celebration of life service will be held Wednesday at Voss and Sons Funeral Services in Seymour, Indiana.
People in the community there said Bridgewater was a good person taken too soon.
"I found out yesterday and it was really a disbelief," Prange said. "Ivan always had a smile on his face. And you didn't know if he was up to something or he was having a really good day or both. So we really enjoyed having Ivan."
He remembers Ivan's long hair and infectious smile. He said Ivan was a jokester with a kind soul and it's hard to think his former student is really gone.
"They're my kids when I had them in school and they're still my kids though they may be in their 40s and 50s. So it's tough, it really is tough," Prange said.
The coroner has not yet released Bridgewater's cause of death.
Bridgewater leaves behind his wife, Megan and his son, Ivan IV. Prange says that's who he's thinking of and praying for now.
OSHA and Ford Officials were at the scene Monday continuing their investigation.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Editor's Note: 2016 was a big year in the church—and in the world. This week we're looking at some of the biggest stories of the year, selected based on feedback from our readers. Thanks for reading Charisma News this year and stay tuned as we continue expanding our coverage in 2017 to include more spiritual insights on the stories that matter most to you.
This article was published July 12th.
Do demons really exist? If you are not much interested in spiritual matters, this may seem like a very odd question to you. Perhaps up to this point the only encounters you have had with "demon possession" have been in Hollywood horror movies.
The topic of "demons" just doesn't come up a lot in our highly secularized society today, and even in most churches people don't really want to talk about it even though the Gospels are full of stories of Jesus casting out demons. The things that you are going to read about below are quite disturbing. Before the internet, most people were simply not going to be exposed to these types of things because they weren't about to pop up on the evening news or during prime-time television programs. But today, thanks to YouTube, things that happen to ordinary people on the other side of the planet can quickly go viral and be spread all over the planet.
For example, the first incident that I want to share with you comes from Thailand. Just recently, a Thai model named Thippawan "Pui" Chaphupuang was being interviewed on live television when she bizarrely began manifesting a Thai spirit known as a "pop."
Thirteen minutes into the interview, Thippawan "Pui" Chaphupuang, announced that a "pop" — a cannibalistic spirit in Thai folkore — had come to possess her. Pui then slipped into Pop as the host asked the 'ghost' questions as to why it continued to possess the young woman. According to an Internet translation, the host asked Pop: "Why can't you leave her?" To which, the spirit replied in a strange voice: "Someone sent me here!" The entity appearing to possess Pui's body refused to say who had sent it and demanded pigs' blood as the woman writhed around and shrieked, strangely.
According to Wikipedia, a Phi Pop is "a malevolent female spirit that devours human entrails." And if you are familiar with the first five books of the Bible, then you probably already know that the blood of a pig would be considered highly unclean to eat. You can watch a YouTube clip of this model's extremely strange behavior as this spirit manifests right here.
Of course, this kind of thing is not just happening in Thailand. All over the world, accounts of demonic spirits manifesting seem to be getting much more common.
This next incident that recently popped up in the international media comes from Chile.
Disturbing footage has emerged online showing the moment that a "possessed" young woman appears to smile sinisterly after she is told she is dead during a bizarre exorcism session. The "possessed" woman is shown at the beginning of the video holding a conversation in the Spanish language with a woman dressed in a white robe and wearing a long necklace. The woman in white appears to be acting as a priestess or exorcist of a religious or spiritual cult, and the young woman is consulting her for solution to a spiritual problem.
You can view video of that incident right here. But I want to warn you that all of these videos are quite disturbing and should not be viewed by young children or anyone that is particularly sensitive to these things.
In central Argentina, people riding a bus became extremely alarmed recently when a woman started vomiting, rolling her head around, and uttering things "in a deep, masculine, demonic voice."
Bus passengers must have thought they were on the road to Hell when a woman became 'possessed' by a demon during a routine journey. The bus was travelling through the city of San Luis in central Argentina one night when a female passenger began exhibiting some alarming symptoms. Another passenger began filming on a phone as the woman's head lolled around and she began speaking in a deep, masculine, demonic voice.
What would you do if you found yourself in a similar situation? If you would like to see video of that incident, you can do so right here. There are certain individuals, such as occult expert Bill Schnoebelen, who have been dealing with these sorts of things on a regular basis for decades, but most people have never personally encountered someone manifesting an evil spirit, especially if they don't go to church.
advertisement
Another incident that made international news reports recently comes from Mexico.
The child, named Said, left his family fearing for their lives after he appeared to have been taken over by a devil. In the clip, the boy sits in a chair, making strange, throaty noises – as though his voice has been distorted by a machine. It is believed the incident took place in Montemorelos, in Mexico.
I could go on and on, but I think that you get the point.
Demonic spirits are actually manifesting on a regular basis all over the world, and I anticipate that this will continue to increase in frequency and intensity as we get even deeper into the period of time the Bible refers to as the last days.
Here in the United States, we can see evil at work all around us as well. I wanted to mention the following story today, because it is a perfect example of just how sick and twisted we have become as a society. It turns out that a male high school rowing coach in Michigan was secretly filming female students in the locker room while they were changing.
A high school rowing coach in Michigan stands accused of hiding a camera and filming female students changing in a locker room. Timothy W. Vallier, 30, was arrested Friday after a student discovered a camera with videos of female rowers undressing, WOOD-TV reported. The camera was inside a Ford Explorer used by Vallier, the Rockford Public Schools men's rowing head coach. 'We saw this video camera on the floor of the explorer,' schools Superintendent Mike Shibler told WOOD-TV. 'So you know curious teens right — she said I picked it up and started looking at what was on it.'
How sick do you have to be to do something like that?
Unfortunately, just about every kind of evil that you can possibly imagine is growing rapidly in the United States today, but very few people seem alarmed by our stunning descent into evil and depravity.
As a society, we have rejected the truth and we have embraced the darkness, and the consequences of this are becoming quite evident.
But even though we are steamrolling toward oblivion as a nation, most Americans are still in denial.
Most of us still believe that everything is going to turn out OK somehow.
Sadly, if you play with fire, you are going to get burned, and it looks like our country is going to have to find that out the hard way.
Michael Snyder is the founder and publisher of End Of The American Dream. Michael's controversial new book about Bible prophecy entitled "The Rapture Verdict" is available in paperback and for the Kindle on Amazon.com.
3 Reasons Why you should read Life in the Spirit. 1) Get to know the Holy Spirit. 2) Learn to enter God's presence 3) Hear God's voice clearly! Go deeper!
Has God called you to be a leader? Ministry Today magazine is the source that Christian leaders who want to serve with passion and purpose turn to. Subscribe now and receive a free leadership book.
-
See an error in this article? This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
(AP Photo/Lynne Sladky). Miami Dolphins tight end Julius Thomas (89) drops a pass but recovers it as New England Patriots strong safety Patrick Chung (23) defends, during the first half of an NFL football game, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Miami Gardens, ...
(AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee). Miami Dolphins quarterback Jay Cutler (6) looks to pass, during the first half of an NFL football game against the New England Patriots, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Miami Gardens, Fla.
(AP Photo/Lynne Sladky). New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) looks to pass, during the first half of an NFL football game against the Miami Dolphins, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Miami Gardens, Fla.
By STEVEN WINE
AP Sports Writer
MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. (AP) - The Miami Dolphins wore their perfect season uniforms, and for at least one game in 2017, they looked the part.
Tom Brady was intercepted twice by Xavien Howard and held without a third-down conversion Monday night, and Miami snapped the New England Patriots' eight-game winning streak with a surprising 27-20 victory.
The Dolphins (6-7) were 11-point underdogs at home, but they kept the Patriots (10-3) from clinching their ninth consecutive AFC East title - at least for another week.
"It was a bad night," Brady said. "We've had a lot of good nights this year. This was a bad night."
Brady went 24 for 43 for 233 yards and one touchdown. Miami sacked him twice and hit him five times, and held the Patriots to 25 yards rushing. New England was 0 for 11 on third down.
"Our focus every game is to hit the quarterback as hard as we can and make him uncomfortable," defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh said. "I think we did a pretty good job of it."
The Dolphins' Jay Cutler threw for 263 yards and three scores, including two to Jarvis Landry. Kenyan Drake had 114 yards rushing and 79 receiving.
A Brady touchdown pass cut the deficit to 10 points with 13 minutes left, but the Patriots' next three possessions netted 5 yards. After a New England field goal, Miami sealed the victory by recovering an onside kick with 53 seconds to go.
"This gives us a boost," Cutler said. "Winning is what keeps you in this game. The locker room after a game, there's nothing like it."
The Dolphins wore their 1972 uniforms, and for the first time in four prime-time appearances this season, they rose to the occasion. Miami tried to turn the game into a laugher in the third quarter when Landry caught a touchdown pass and then set the ball down in the end zone and pumped it repeatedly - a reference to the Patriots' Deflategate scandal.
"It's all about taking the air out of the ball," Landry said.
Coach Adam Gase beat New England for the first time in four tries. His team snapped the Patriots' 14-game road winning streak, second-best ever behind San Francisco's 18 in a row from 1988-90.
Gase threw a lot of wrinkles at the Patriots early, with tight end MarQueis Gray and receivers Landry and Jakeem Grant taking turns lining up in the backfield.
"We used a lot of guys," Cutler said. "We were mixing it up. Adam was dialing it up well."
Cutler spun out of the grasp of blitzing safety Jordan Richards to throw a completion that kept Miami's first touchdown drive going.
The 5-foot-7 Grant made a leaping catch against Malcolm Butler his first career touchdown reception, a 25-yarder.
Meanwhile, the Patriots sputtered without tight end Rob Gronkowski, who served a one-game suspension for a late hit to the head of an opponent.
"We got beat in all three areas of the game," coach Bill Belichick said.
BALL HAWK
Brady underthrew an open Brandin Cooks deep, and Howard closed for the interception and a 29-yard return to set up a touchdown. Howard also had two interceptions a week ago against Denver.
Brady came into the game with only four interceptions all season.
SLOW START
The temperature was 55 degrees at kickoff - frosty by Miami standards - and the Patriots were sluggish from the outset. They were outgained 123 yards to 2 in the first quarter, when Brady went 0 for 4 with an interception.
ANTHEM
The Dolphins' Kenny Stills, Michael Thomas and Julius Thomas knelt in protest during the national anthem, as they've done for most of the season. Stills was nominated by his teammates last week for the NFL's Walter Payton Man of the Year Award.
INJURIES
Patriots DT Alan Branch left the game with a knee injury. Starting S Patrick Chung limped off in the final minute.
UP NEXT
The Patriots visit AFC North champion Pittsburgh on Sunday in a possible playoff preview.
The Dolphins play the Bills in two of their final three games, including Sunday at Buffalo.
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LOS ANGELES (AP) – Marvel's continuing space opera “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2” has yet to hit theaters, but plans are already in the works for the third installment.
On Monday, James Gunn announced on Facebook that he would be returning to write and direct “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3.” Gunn also wrote and directed the first and second “Guardians” films.
The franchise stars Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, Dave Bautista and features the voices of Bradley Cooper and Vin Diesel.
In his post, Gunn said that “Guardians 3” will come after 2018's “Avengers: Infinity War” and conclude the story of this iteration of Guardians of the Galaxy, helping to launch Marvel's next 10 years.
“Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2” hits theaters on May 5.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Talented musicians and singers from Sir John Deane's sixth form college entertained a packed audience during a glittering evening of music.
Now in its fourth year, an Evening of Jazz and Soul returned to the Macdonald Portal Hotel, Golf and Spa in Tarporley.
The 35-strong jazz collective, directed by Timothy Murphy, performed some blazing 60s soul with a touch of nostalgic classic swing from the likes of Glenn Miller and Ella Fitzgerald.
Head of performing arts at Sir John Deane's, Alison Richards, said: “Congratulations to all of our incredibly talented vocalists and instrumentalists who put on an outstanding show. It's remarkable to think they have only been performing together for just a matter of months.
“We were delighted to see such a big turn out on the night and we'd like to thank everyone who came for their fantastic support.”
(Image: UGC)
Performers on the night included vocalists Eleanor Moulson, Kate Cartwright, Ben Wallace, Hugo Morris, Holly Bell, Megan Bell, Scarlett New, Ewan Job, Chloe Rigby, Callum Jackson, Amy Parry and Hannah Treacher and instrumentalists Katherine Schofield, Hannah Treacher, Molly Paton, Maisy Walker, Ewan Ling, Emily Peak, Kyle Bowker, James Allen, Ben Keeble, Mia Dalton, Victoria Turner, Kathryn Edmondson, Catherine Flanders, Callum Barrett, Alex James, Matthew Robinson, Ella Ronald, Kizzy Griffiths, Samuel Flower, Joseph Scott, Emma Drew, Joshua Barrett, Matthew Dodson, Megan Murphy, Sophie Beckingham, Oliver Bracegirdle, Aleksander Nixon and Caleb Grierson, Joseph Nixon, Jack Hayward, Matthew Stanley and Michelle Stern.
The college's next musical event will see 14 students perform a special evening of classical music at Arley Hall on Thursday, February 9.
Tickets are on sale now and cost £8 (£6 concessions).
The Latest on the parade celebrating the Pittsburgh Penguins' Stanley Cup championship (all times local):
1:45 p.m.
The Pittsburgh Penguins' Stanley Cup victory parade and rally drew an estimated 650,000 people downtown. Not bad for a city that, officially, has only 305,000 residents.
The crowd estimate by city public works and public safety officials makes it the largest parade, by far, to turn out for any of the Penguins' five championships. Last year's parade drew about 400,000 people — the most up to that point — and officials predicted as many as 500,000 might turn out to celebrate the team's back-to-back championships.
This year's parade was different than last year's in that it ended at Point State Park, where a stage was set up so the team and coaches could address the fans.
Sunny weather and temperatures in the mid-80s helped the turnout.
———
12:45 p.m.
Pittsburgh Penguins players have greeted cheering fans while riding in pickup trucks, convertible cars and buses during a parade celebrating the Stanley Cup champions.
MVP Sidney Crosby was riding with the cup during the Wednesday parade in downtown Pittsburgh. But he jumped out of the vehicle occasionally to give fans a close look and allow them to take pictures.
The cheering crowd was 20 deep in some spots along the route. The city says it will provide a crowd estimate, but planners predicted as many as 500,000 people might show up.
The Penguins beat the Nashville Predators 2-0 in Game 6 on Sunday.
———
6:25 a.m.
Hundreds of fans already have lined up along downtown Pittsburgh streets and in Point State Park for a parade to celebrate the Penguins' Stanley Cup championship.
Planners say as many as 500,000 people could turn out Wednesday, surpassing the 400,000 who attended last year's celebration, which was the biggest for any of the team's five Stanley Cup championships.
The parade route streets will close by 9 a.m. for the 11 a.m. parade. The parade will run along Grant Street and Boulevard of the Allies as it did last year. But this year, it will continue into Point State Park, where players, coaches and other dignitaries will take the stage.
The Penguins won the cup Sunday against the Nashville Predators with a 2-0 win in Game 6.
AEA Reacts to Proposed Custodian Changes in MPS
by Andrew James
The Alabama Education Association is warning Montgomery Public Schools custodians to keep an eye out for changes to their job. This comes as the school system continues to restructure its departments with the ongoing state intervention.
Back in late June, Montgomery Public Schools approved a plan to deep clean 25 schools across the district, but instead of using its custodial staff it went with an outside company.
With the planned restructuring, custodians will soon report to the logistics department instead of their individual principals, allowing them to be moved from school to school.
“If you arbitrarily just move me from one school to another school obviously it's going to have an impact on my travel, where I may have my children set up at school, daycare, where I have my entire life set up,” explained Quintlon “Shun” Ross with the Alabama Education Association.
“This isn't about trying to do something to damage their jobs, it's about making our operation more efficient,” explained MPS Senior Communication Officer Tom Salter.
Salter says there are no discussions about outsourcing or privatizing custodial services.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. — Yogi Ferrell made consecutive 3-pointers to spark a big run at the start of the fourth quarter and the Dallas Mavericks beat the Sacramento Kings 106-99 on Saturday night to snap a five-game losing streak.
Dirk Nowitzki had 15 points and seven rebounds while inching closer to another milestone in his illustrious NBA career. Harrison Barnes scored 18 points and Dwight Powell added 17 points and nine rebounds to help Dallas win in Sacramento for the first time in nearly three years.
The Mavericks trailed by as much as 10 in the second half and were down 85-81 heading into the fourth before opening the final period on a 16-0 run. Devin Harris followed Ferrell's back-to-back 3s with a pair of layups, including one off a midcourt steal. After Nowitzki connected from deep, Harris made a 3-pointer to put Dallas up 97-85.
Sacramento closed to 100-94 on a free throw by De'Aaron Fox with 2:45 remaining but Barnes made a driving one-handed dunk and a more traditional two-handed jam to help the Mavericks hold on.
Dallas won for the second time in 10 games.
Nowitzki played 26 minutes and needs six more to become sixth player in NBA history to reach 50,000 for his career, joining a list that includes Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Karl Malone, Kevin Garnett, Jason Kidd and Elvin Hayes.
Fox and Temple had 15 points apiece for Sacramento. The Kings had not lost at home to the Mavericks since Feb. 5, 2015.
Barnes and Nowitzki combined for the Mavericks' first 17 points of the game while making five 3-pointers, all of them uncontested.
Dallas got a lift from Powell early in the second and Barnes added a fourth 3, but Buddy Hield hit a 13-foot runner to beat the shot clock buzzer with 6.9 seconds left and pull the Kings within 56-54 at halftime.
TIP-INS
Mavericks: Barnes' first 12 points came on 3-pointers. . Powell had three dunks in the third quarter, including on back-to-back possessions. . JJ Barea scored five points on 2-of-12 shooting and played 24 minutes in his return after missing the previous three games with a left oblique strain.
Kings: Sacramento missed its first 10 shots in the fourth quarter. . Kosta Koufos started the third quarter in place of Randolph. Koufous finished with eight points and seven rebounds. . Jason Williams, who was a wildly popular player in Sacramento from 1998-2001, sat courtside next to owner Vivek Ranadive.
UP NEXT
Mavericks: Play at the Los Angeles Clippers on Monday.
Kings: Host the Chicago Bulls on Monday night.
Susannah and Calen discuss the Galaxy's scoring issues, and how they are going to fix them. They also take a look around the league from New England's big win at home to Seattle's rise towards the top of the Western Conference.
Dennis Edwards, the lead singer of Motown group The Temptations, has died. He was 74 years old.
Edwards, a native of Detroit, died Friday in Chicago according to Variety. Edwards' family confirmed his death to CBS.
Edwards joined the The Temptations in 1968. Though he wasn't an original member of the group, he sang lead vocals on some of the band's biggest hits, including "Papa Was a Rollin' Stone" and "I Can't Get Next to You."
He stayed with band until 1977, and later returned in 1980.
Edwards would have turned 75 on Saturday.
More on this as it develops.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
SANTA, FE, Texas - A local floral shop is planning to donate floral arrangements and special bouquets for the Santa Fe High School graduation.
Theresa Sobnoksy said that for 17 years her floral shop, DW Floral and Gifts, has given her a sense of joy, but that all changed two weeks ago.
"Because of the shooting it has just affected everyone, their hearts and their minds," Sobnosky said.
Since then, she said that she has been providing floral bouquets for the funerals and memorials around town. She said it's hard to express the grief.
"We cry a lot right now," she said.
On Wednesday, Gov. Greg Abbott announced 40 recommendations to try to stop school shootings, including increasing the visible presence of law enforcement officers and more armed school marshal training.
Sobnoksy said she believes legislation is a good step, but she is taking her own approach.
She said that she's planning to donate arrangements and bouquets to the Santa Fe High School graduation ceremony. She said she will donate whatever is needed in addition to 10 white bouquets to honor the victims.
She said the donation is the best way she knows to channel her grief and show support for a community that she loves.
“The flowers show that we love you, that's all we can say," she said.
Additional security will be present for the commencement ceremony at 7:30 p.m. on Friday.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
The president of Concordia University Irvine has announced he will retire at the end of the 2017-2018 school year in June next year, the school said in September statement.
Kurt Krueger has worked in higher education for more than 46 years, 27 of which were at the private Lutheran Christian university.
Krueger, the university's fourth president, took office as president July 1, 2010. Previously he had served as executive director of The Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod's (LCMS) Board for University Education and president of the Concordia University System since 2005.
Milestones during his tenure include implementing new academic programs, building the university's endowment, and paying down the school's debt. The school also set a record for the largest student enrollment in its 40-year history.
“I always look forward to coming to “work” each and every day,” Krueger said in a statement. “CUI is a special place that has been abundantly blessed.”
We have a new game! It is called guess how much Kennedy spent at BJs!
Listen above to hear how much she spent!! She might not be able to go out for awhile…
Join the conversation! Share your opinion on this story with Karson & Kennedy on Facebook, Twitter & Instagram.
Reps call on COAS, IGP to check herdsmen attacks
…decry lack of humanitarian intervention
Kauthar Anumba-Khaleel
The House of Representatives has urged the Inspector General of Police, Ibrahim Idris and Chief of Army Staff, Gen. Tukur Buratai to set up a joint task force to deal decisively address the activities of suspected Herdsmen in Etsako Federal constituency of Edo state.
This is as it also urged the Department of State Service (DSS) to be proactive in monitoring the area to forestall future attacks on the people.
The resolutions sequels a motion on the need to arrest and prosecute suspected “Boko Haram” members parading as herdemen in Etsako Federal constituency moved yesterday Hon. Johnson Oghuma.
Oghuma in his debate noted the growing state of insecurity in the federal constituency which has led to incidences of rape, killings and kidnapping by purported herdsmen adding that these happenings are more rampant around Auchi-Warake area; Fugar-Ekperi and Okpella-Uluoke axis.
According to him, on 9 june, a couple, Mr. And Mrs. Wilson of Elele community while heading to the farm, were accosted by suspected herdsmen who killed the pregnant woman and left the man with deep machete cuts.
The lawmaker who said that these criminal activities have instilled fear in the people and adversely affected their socio-economic lives as they are no longer able to go about their lawful engagement, stressed the need for government to live up to its responsibilities as provided for in section 14(2)(b).
The House consequently mandated its committees Army, Police Affairs and National Security and Intelligence to ensure compliance.
Similarly, the House yesterday expressed concern over the continuing and brazen attacks by herdsmen on communities in Benue and other states.
To this effect, it resolved to set up an ad hoc committee to interface with relevant ministries and agencies of the federal government, affected state government, international development partners, donor agencies, Non-governmental organizations as well as the affected communities on the attacks and also carry out a fact finding mission to the affected communities.
The resolution is contained in a motion on the need for intervention in the incessant killing, destruction of property and displacement of communities by rampaging herdsmen.
Sponsor of the motion, Hon Mark Gbillah expressed worry that despite the fact that herdsmen have globally been labelled terrorists and ranked as the fourth most dangerous terrorist groups in the world after boko haram, ISIS and Al-Qaeda, the federal government along with its development partners, as not displayed “a fraction of the same effort to enhance the security and wellbeing of the states affected by those attacks as has been displayed in other regions of the country.
Gbillah noted that the federal government had set up several agencies such NDDC, Victim Support Fund, Presidential Committee on the North-East Initiative and the proposed Northeast development commission, to address the causes and consequences of restiveness and terrorists activities in the country lamented that no such intervention has been put in place to cater for Nigerians affected by terrorist actions of herdsmen.
“Comcerned that the federal government has not set up any agency or initiated any campaign to obtain the much-needed resources to redress the consequences herdsmen attacks in the affected communities compared to its efforts in other regions of the country and seemingly left state government to grapple with those overwhelming challenges”.
“Also concerned that international development partners and other donor agencies, perhaps borrowing a leaf from the federal government's lack luster attitude, have themselves ignored the prevailing herdsmen attacks, despite the intervention urgently required in the affected communities”, he stated.
The post Reps call on COAS, IGP to check herdsmen attacks appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LAS VEGAS — At the time, Nick Bogdanovich thought he was actually giving the Vegas Golden Knights pretty favourable odds. Bogdanovich's William Hill sportsbook listed the city's new hockey team as 250-to-1 long shots to win the Stanley Cup in their first year of existence. The true odds before the season, he said, should've been closer to 2,500 to 1.
“Every expert had them finishing dead last or maybe next to last in the Western Conference,” said Bogdanovich, William Hill's chief oddsmaker.
With the Golden Knights holding a one-game advantage heading into Game 2 of the Stanley Cup final Wednesday night, William Hill could be three Vegas wins away from losing close to US$2 million. One bettor is in for $1,000 on a 50-1 ticket. Another has $200 at 200-1. And there are many smaller bets that were placed at 250-1.
Casinos all along the Strip are facing similar circumstances, and the total liability in Las Vegas has been estimated at $5 million to $7 million, which would likely mark the city's biggest loss on futures betting.
“We're going to be wrong, and we'll just have to pay,” Bogdanovich said. “That's just the nature of the beast.”
This Stanley Cup final represents a unique case study, a nexus of hometown rooting interests and legal sports wagering. As states across the country consider regulating sports wagering in light of the Supreme Court's decision to strike down a federal law that had previously outlawed it, fans may soon have an easier pathway to laying down both a rooting and a financial interest in their favourite teams' games. The series also underscores the risks at play, particularly for the house. In Las Vegas, locals backed the long shot and casinos are now bracing for a big hit.
While seven-figure losses sound big on the surface, casinos are accustomed to occasionally taking their lumps. Jay Kornegay, who runs the sportsbook at the Westgate Las Vegas, likened the potential hit to a really bad weekend during the football season.
With hundreds — and likely many more — of Golden Knights' tickets floating around town, bets made months ago are suddenly big business. PropSwap is a site that serves as a secondary market for sports bets, allowing gamblers to unload active tickets for guaranteed cash rather than waiting for the game or event to take place.
“It's a way for you to get rich and your team can still win,” said co-founder Luke Pergande. “Some people might describe it as an emotional hedge.”
The biggest Vegas ticket currently listed on PropSwap was originally purchased for $300 at 400-to-1 odds. It would pay out $120,000 if the Knights win three more games. A bettor could buy that ticket right now for the asking price of $95,000.
Pergande knows the risks and rewards. He, after all, bought a $50 ticket back in October at 500-to-1 odds. “I didn't think they were going to win the Cup,” he said, “but I knew the number felt off.”
After the Knights' hot start, he sold the ticket in November for $550, a tenfold return on his investment. The new owner of that ticket now stands to make $25,000.
“I have no regrets,” Pergande said. “I basically hit a 10-to-1 winner and paid my rent. Who's going to cry about that?”
Oddsmakers around town agree that most Golden Knights tickets were purchased as souvenirs, a keepsake for fans to frame and save. Kornegay said he's still heard from fans recently claiming they were convinced back in October the Knights were bound for the finals.
“I don't believe them. ‘Oh, I saw this coming.' Sure you did,” he said with a chuckle. “Why'd you only bet a whole $10 then?”
There's at least one such hockey fan who's already cashed a big ticket and insists he had a gut feeling before the season that Vegas would reach the finals in their first season. He also predicted they'd face the Caps. Motivated by historical trends and gambler hunches, a Washington man named Howard placed a pair of bets back in early October. (The Washington Post agreed to use only his first name because his bet was made using an online sportsbook.) He felt good about the Caps and Golden Knights and placed $100 on Vegas to reach the finals and another $100 on the Caps to win it all. At 300-to-1 odds, the Golden Knights paid out $30,000 after winning the Western Conference. Howard stands to win another $1,000 if the Caps — at 10-1 odds — manage to hoist the Cup.
Howard believed in George McPhee, the Vegas general manager, and felt good about the addition of goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury. He felt strongly that the team and city would respond to the mass shooting in October similarly to the Red Sox, who won the World Series following the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing. “It dawned on me how tragedy can motivate a team and motivate players to another level (and) inspire a fan base to get more involved,” he said.
The hockey team certainly has become a rallying point for Las Vegas, and the arrival of the Golden Knights changed the nature of hockey betting in Las Vegas. It had historically been a low-dollar business for sports books, but the interest in the team sent many new fans scurrying to the betting windows.
The professional gamblers counting on a terrible team were getting crushed from Day 1, and newly converted puckheads kept cashing bets, courtesy of a team that was crushing everyone's expectations.
“Look, I've been in the business since '86. I said I thought it'd increase hockey a little, but nothing significant,” Bogdanovich said. “I think the main reason I was wrong is they got off to the fast start and were winning from Day 1. The whole town drank the punch and a lot of them started betting on hockey. Once they started watching, they liked it. They started betting it and they were winning money. And the whole thing snowballed and snowballed.”
Kornegay estimates that his sportsbook see 15 to 20 times more action on Golden Knights' contests than other NHL games. And because the Golden Knights usually won — posting a 47-31 record against the spread, including 28-13 at home — local fans who bet with their hearts often walked away winners.
Betting on the home team was largely a new experience for locals. Although sports books have taken bets on UNLV games since 2001, the Golden Knights represented the first big gambling-friendly local sporting event that entire community could rally behind.
Kornegay is a longtime bookmaker, but he's also a sports fan and a Golden Knights season ticket-holder. He knows his employer stands to lose money in this series, but he also knows the team has been a great addition to the local community.
“The majority of us are all rooting for them,” he said. “When we're booking games, we're always booking for the best interests of our operation. But when I leave, I can put my fan hat on and root for our team. Everyone here is onboard and happy to have something like the Golden Knights to root for.”
MADISON, Wis. — Stephanie Mavunga scored 21 points with 10 rebounds, Kelsey Mitchell set an NCAA record by hitting a 3-pointer in her 81st straight game and No. 18 Ohio State defeated Wisconsin 68-55 on Saturday.
The game was delayed 15 minutes in the third quarter as Ohio State's Makayla Waterman was fitted with a neck brace and taken off on a stretcher. Waterman was injured falling to the court battling for a rebound under the Ohio State basket at the 2:08 mark and the Buckeyes leading 41-38. She moved a hand and shared a smile with her teammates before being wheeled away.
After the delay, Asia Doss hit a 3-pointer to give Ohio State a 44-38 lead entering the fourth quarter. After a Wisconsin basket, Mavunga had a 3-point play to start a 9-1 run for a 12-point lead. Mitchell had two baskets in an 8-0 run that made it 66-50 with two minutes to go.
Ohio State had a 16-0 run in the first quarter that included a Mitchell 3-pointer that broke her tie with former Tennessee-Martin player Heather Butler for the most consecutive Division-I games with a trey.
Mitchell finished with 16 points and Linnae Harper had 15 with 11 rebounds for the Buckeyes (19-5, 8-3 Big Ten).
Wisconsin (9-16, 2-10), playing before a season-high crowd of 6,623, got 20 points from Marsha Howard and 15 with 13 boards from Cayla McMorris.
DOWNLOAD VIDEO: Play – Kofi Kinaata
Kofi Kinaata has finally dropped the official music video for his new play song ”Play”. Check it out below and don't forget to share!!
The post DOWNLOAD VIDEO: Play – Kofi Kinaata appeared first on Ngyab.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Must Watch! Jidenna Takes On Nigerian Stories.. What You Shouldn't Try With Your Nigerian Uncles
There's a new ad airing across channels on Nigerian television.
If you haven't caught it yet, here's a quick catch up.
Let's create a scenario, you know how you get excited about your favorite family member returning from the abroad “America, U.K” because that means you will be getting goodies? Well, in one of the new Heineken ads, Classic man, Jidenna arrives the country and meets with his family.
As is the norm in Africa, Jidenna came bearing good gifts for his family, but the lesson here is when he presents his uncle with his gift.
Watch and learn
The post Must Watch! Jidenna Takes On Nigerian Stories.. What You Shouldn't Try With Your Nigerian Uncles appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Vatican City (AFP) - Pope Francis met Thursday with French Cardinal Philippe Barbarin, who is awaiting trial over allegations he covered up for a paedophile priest in his diocese.
It was the first time Francis has met with Barbarin, the Archbishop of Lyon, since the cardinal learned last month that he would have to appear in court in April in connection with priest Bernard Preynat's abuse of boy scouts in the 1980s.
Public prosecutors ruled last year that Barbarin did not have a case to answer but he and six other co-defendants have been directly indicted by some of Preynat's victims. A judge ruled last month that the case could proceed.
Barbarin, 66, faces a potential jail sentence if found guilty of failing to act immediately and appropriately when one of the victims reported Preynat to the Church in 2014, demanding he be sacked.
But Barbarin -- one of the French Church's most prominent figures -- left him in his post for several more months.
The cardinal has denied any attempt to shield Preynat, saying he did not know how to deal with allegations relating to events dating back over two decades.
But after initially saying he first learned of the allegations in 2014, Barbarin admitted in 2016 to having known about the allegations for nearly a decade.
The case has been damaging for the church in France and the credibility of Francis's promises to rid the global institution of a scourge that has done enormous damage to its standing with believers and non-believers alike.
Francis has said senior clerics who shield paedophile priests should resign, but he has stood by Barbarin, insisting the cardinal, to whom he is reportedly close, took the necessary measures in the Preynat case.
Barbarin was received at the Vatican along with 75 priests from the Lyon diocese.
(AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast). The Blackstone Hotel sits on Michigan Avenue across the street from Chicago's Grant Park on Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Chicago. Stephen Paddock, opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday, Oct. 1, killing dozens ...
(AP Photo/Teresa Crawford). Chicago Police Bureau of Organized Crime Chief Anthony Riccio speaks at a news conference accompanied by Mayor Rahm Emanuel, Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Chicago. Riccio says there will be "significantly" more undercover offic...
(AP Photo/John Locher). The marquee at the W Hotel shows a sign for the victims of a mass shooting on Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. Stephen Paddock opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday killing dozens and injuring hundreds.
(AP Photo/Gregory Bull). Sherri Camperchioli helps set up some of the crosses that arrived in Las Vegas today to honor the victims of the mass shooting on Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. A gunman opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday ...
(Courtesy of Eric Paddock via AP). This undated photo provided by Eric Paddock shows his brother, Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock. On Sunday, Oct. 1, 2017, Stephen Paddock opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival killing dozens and wounding hundre...
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The Latest on the mass shooting in Las Vegas (all times local):
3:15 p.m.
Las Vegas shooter Stephen Craig Paddock's anti-social personality will only hamper investigators as they try to figure to piece together what led to the shooting.
"It's extremely difficult," said Erroll Southers, the director of homegrown violent extremism studies at the University of Southern California.
"The lack of a social media footprint is likely intentional," Southers said. "We're so used to in the first 24 to 48 hours being able to review social media posts. If they don't leave us a note behind or a manifesto behind, and we're not seeing that, that's what's making this longer.
"What's really puzzling is that we've seen him with similar kinds of activity - booking rooms in other places - so you have to ask yourself the reason he picked Las Vegas and not somewhere else."
Paddock fired indiscriminately Sunday from his upper-level room at the Mandalay Bay hotel casino at people attending a country music festival below, killing dozens and injuring nearly 500 people. The 64-year-old Paddock killed himself as authorities closed in.
Because so few people knew Paddock well, investigators will likely have an even harder time sorting through his background to try to uncover any possible leads, Southers said.
"You don't have any cases of leakage - no one to say who's he mad at, what his motive is," Southers said. "The key to this case right now is the girlfriend."
"The reason you want to engage in a terror attack is you want to bring attention to an extremist ideology, you want publicity," he said. "You want people to be afraid of what you believe what you do."
___
1:35 p.m.
Authorities are planning to put up billboards in Las Vegas to seek more tips as they investigate the deadliest shooting rampage in modern U.S. history.
Undersheriff Kevin McMahill also revealed at a news conference Friday afternoon that police are confident there was not another shooter in Stephen Paddock's room.
Paddock fired indiscriminately Sunday from his upper-level room at the Mandalay Bay hotel casino at people attending a country music festival below, killing dozens and injuring nearly 500 people. The 64-year-old Paddock killed himself as authorities closed in.
McMahill also said that authorities don't have any information that anyone else used Paddock's room key.
He says authorities are interested in Paddock's medical history and are looking into that.
___
1:20 p.m.
Authorities say they still don't have a clear motive for the Las Vegas shooting rampage.
Undersheriff Kevin C. McMahill provided an update on the investigation Friday. He says authorities have looked at gunman Stephen Paddock's personal life, political affiliation, economic situation and any potential radicalization.
He says authorities are aware the Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the attack, but so far there is no evidence that it had a role.
He says authorities will continue to investigate those areas as well as look into leads and tips that come in.
Paddock unleased gunfire Sunday from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel casino on the Las Vegas Strip, killing dozens and injuring nearly 500 people. He killed himself as police closed in.
___
12:10 p.m.
Massachusetts could be moving quickly to outlaw so-called "bump stock" devices used by the Las Vegas shooter.
Democratic and Republican lawmakers have both filed bills to ban the devices. Republican Gov. Charlie Baker said he supports a ban.
The devices fit over the stock and grip of a semi-automatic rifle and allow the weapon to fire continuously, some 400 to 800 rounds in a single minute.
State Rep. David Linsky, a Natick Democrat, has filed legislation that would outlaw any devices that increase the rate of discharge of a weapon and ban the sale of large capacity-feeding devices.
Republican Senate Leader Bruce Tarr of Gloucester has sponsored a bill that would prohibit devices that effectively turn rifles and shotguns into weapons with firing capabilities similar to machine guns.
___
11:40 a.m.
Scott Armstrong, a Reno, Nevada, car dealer, said Paddock confided in him about relationship troubles when the would-be gunman stopped in looking to buy a car about two months ago.
"Somehow or another we ended up talking about bad relationships, and he confided that he was depressed and his life was miserable," Armstrong said. "It just struck me as really odd that somebody would say that."
Paddock, unshaven and dressed casually but not disheveled, didn't elaborate on his relationship troubles, and Armstrong didn't pry. He didn't smile, and he "wasn't very pleasant to talk to," he said.
"I could tell he was really down or something," Armstrong said. "I just told him, I said, 'Hey I've been in some bad relationships myself. It'll get better. Tomorrow will be a better day than today.' "
Armstrong said he's talked with FBI agents about his recollection.
Others who have interacted with Paddock have described him as a quiet and confident man who did not engage in deep conversations. Armstrong said he's baffled by why he was so open with a stranger, but "my job is to put people with ease and try to help them buy a car."
How is he so certain Paddock is the downtrodden man who visited him?
"When's the last time somebody told you their life was miserable? It sticks with you," he said
___
11:20 a.m.
A gun show that was scheduled to take place this weekend in a casino off the Las Vegas Strip has been canceled following last Sunday's mass shooting.
Boyd Gaming Corp. spokesman David Strow said Friday the decision to cancel the gun show at the Eastside Cannery Casino was made mutually with the show's promoter, Western Trails Show Promotions.
It was scheduled to take place on Saturday and Sunday and has been held at least five times in the past.
Dozens of people were killed and hundreds were injured Sunday night when Stephen Paddock opened fire from the windows of his 32nd floor hotel room and rained bullets on a country music festival attended by thousands.
___
10:20 a.m.
A law enforcement official says Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of tracer ammunition a month ago from a private seller he met at a Phoenix gun show.
The official says investigators searching the hotel room Paddock used as a sniper's perch found tracer rounds and a document with the name of the Mesa, Arizona, man who sold him the ammunition.
The official is involved in the shooting investigation and spoke anonymously because the official was not authorized to disclose case information.
Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct.
The official says Paddock met the man in Phoenix on Sept. 9 and 10 and that the sale took place at the man's Mesa home.
The tracer ammunition that Paddock bought were .308-caliber and .223-caliber rounds.
The official did not know whether Paddock used tracer rounds during the attack.
The official declined to identify the seller.
___
9:30 a.m.
Some New York state lawmakers want to make it illegal in the state to buy, sell or possess devices known as bump stocks that allow semi-automatic rifles to mimic the rapid fire of automatic weapons.
Authorities found 12 of the devices fitted to guns in the hotel room of Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock.
It is illegal to use bump stocks in New York state but a loophole in the law makes it legal to buy, sell or possess the devices.
Legislation introduced this week would immediately ban bump stock sales and prohibit possession of them over time.
Democratic Assemblywoman Pat Fahy of Albany says it's illogical to allow the sale and possession of a device that cannot be used legally.
The bill has bipartisan support. Lawmakers will reconvene in Albany in January.
___
7:15 a.m.
Boston Police Commissioner William Evans says authorities will step up security for concerts and sporting events in the city following the shooting in Las Vegas.
Officials have said there is no credible threat to Boston.
But Evans said the FBI told him Wednesday that agents turned up evidence that Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock researched sites in and around Fenway Park and the Boston Center for the Arts.
The Red Sox have said they're working with officials to beef up security.
Evans said security would be boosted for events including a Bruno Mars concert, a City Hall Plaza concert, road races and Red Sox games.
He says police also plan to meet with hotel officials in coming days to discuss ways for them to increase security.
___
12:13 a.m.
Australian police are assisting their U.S. counterparts on the investigation into Las Vegas shooter's girlfriend Marilou Danley.
The Australian Broadcasting Corporation reports that Philippines-born Danley became an Australian citizen after moving to the Gold Coast in Queensland state and marrying a local man. ABC says she lived there for some 10 years until the late 1980s.
Australian Federal Police Commissioner Andrew Colvin said Friday that as an Australian citizen, Danley was entitled to consular assistance.
Australian police and government officials have not elaborated on Danley's time or citizenship in Australia.
Colvin says the Australian authorities are "working very closely with our partners in the U.S."
Australia's foreign affairs department said Friday it is aware she is "a person of interest" and described her case as "a matter for U.S. law enforcement."
___
12:01 a.m.
Investigators are probing the Las Vegas gunman's interest in other music festivals in the months before he killed 58 people and injured nearly 500 at an outdoor country concert.
They say Stephen Paddock rented rooms in high-rises overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and over the Life is Beautiful festival near the Vegas Strip in September. Boston police say Fenway Park has come up in the investigation, but didn't elaborate.
On Thursday night, thousands gathered in Las Vegas to honor one of the victims who was killed, Officer Charleston Hartfield.
Hartfield was also a husband and father of two, and an Iraq War veteran.
His friend Sgt. Ryan Fryman told the crowd Hartfield was "the greatest American I have ever known."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Group lauds Senate over Momoh's confirmation as NERC Chair
Ezi Elite Forum of Igarra, Edo State, has commended Nigeria's Senate for confirming the nomination of Prof. James Momoh as Chairman of the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission, NERC, saying it trusts Prof. Momoh to bring his wealth of academic qualifications, experience and expertise to bear in addressing the epileptic state of the power sector in Nigeria.
In a statement Tuesday at Igarra, headquarters of Akoko-Edo Local Government Area, Edo State, Mr. Saturday Jimoh, President of Ezi Elite Forum, said: “We are proud to be associated with Prof. Momoh and have no doubt that his appointment is a case of putting a round peg in a round hole and a step taken in the right direction to genuinely find a lasting solution to the electricity problems in Nigeria.”
Mr. Jimoh said Prof. Momoh's appointment is recognition by President Muhammadu Buhari and meant to give him an opportunity to serve his fatherland in a capacity where he has the requisite qualification, expertise and experience to make the needed change in a sector relevant to all aspects of life and believes Prof. Momoh will deliver on this all-important national assignment which has been thrust into his hands.
Prof. Momoh's confirmation followed Senator Eyinnaya Abaribe's presentation of the report of the Senate Committee on Power to the Senate on April 17, 2018.
The group added that the Senate Committee on Power attested to his competence, expertise and qualification when Senator Abaribe, presenting the report, said: “Mr. President, distinguished colleagues, the nominee, Prof. James Momoh was screened by the Senate Committee on Power. He has the credentials, and he has the experience,” adding, “The Committee, therefore, has no objection to his confirmation and I hereby submit that he should be confirmed.”
The post Group lauds Senate over Momoh's confirmation as NERC Chair appeared first on Vanguard News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Protesters in North Carolina toppled a nearly century-old statue of a Confederate soldier Monday at a rally against racism.
Activists in Durham brought a ladder up to the statue and used a rope to pull down the Confederate Soldiers Monument that was dedicated in 1924. A diverse crowd of dozens cheered as the statue of a soldier holding a rifle fell to the ground in front of an old courthouse building that now houses local government offices.
Seconds after the monument fell, protesters began kicking the crumpled bronze monument.
"I was a little bit shocked people could come here and come together like that," said Isaiah Wallace, who is black.
Wallace said he watched as others toppled the statue. He hopes other Confederate symbols elsewhere will follow.
"I feel like this is going to send shockwaves through the country and hopefully they can bring down other racist symbols," he said.
The Durham protest was in response to a white nationalist rally held in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend. Authorities say one woman was killed Saturday after one of the white nationalists drove his car into a group of peaceful counter-protesters.
Although the violence in Virginia has prompted fresh talk by government officials about bringing down symbols of the Confederacy around the South, North Carolina has a law protecting them. The 2015 law prevents removing such monuments on public property without permission from state officials.
In response to the statue in Durham being torn down, Democratic North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper tweeted: "The racism and deadly violence in Charlottesville is unacceptable but there is a better way to remove these monuments."
After the statue fell, several dozen protesters congregated on the street in front of the old courthouse. Some took pictures standing or sitting on the toppled soldier, in front of a pedestal inscribed with the words "In Memory of the Boys Who Wore The Gray." Police cruisers blocked off the street, and officers looked on — some filming. As it got dark, rally participants began to peacefully disperse.
Robin Williamson, who works downtown, arrived in the area about an hour after the statue came down. Williamson, who is black, said he can sympathize with people who are upset with the state of racial discourse in the country.
"People feel that with Donald Trump as leader, racists can be vocal," he said.
He said that while Confederate monuments have been defaced in other cities, it was surprising to see an entire statue brought down by protesters.
"This is a little bit more intense because they took the whole statue down," he said.
———
Follow Drew at www.twitter.com/jonldrew
Dave Phillips Music & Sound has served its last musician at its Allentown store.
The venerable retailer for professionals and beginners alike closed the Allentown location, 622 Union Blvd., on Wednesday, General Manager Bob Yale said. The store is consolidating with Dave Phillips at 377 Irwin St. in Phillipsburg.
"Phillipsburg has always been our flagship," Yale said Saturday.
A third location, on the Route 202-31 Circle in Flemington, previously closed.
Dave Phillips and his wife, Alice, started the music store with a 1,300-square-foot space in a Phillipsburg strip mall in 1977. They moved into Allentown in 1990, starting out off Fullerton Avenue before moving to the much larger Union Boulevard space.
The current P'burg location measures 10,000 square feet and opened in 1983.
Yale said online competition put stress on dual locations. With the closure of the nearby Tilghman Street bridge in Allentown, Phillips decided now was the time to change his business model to a single brick-and-mortar location and move toward a stronger online presence, Yale said.
Dave Phillips Music & Sound already has been handling all of its repair work and lessons at the Phillipsburg store, Yale said.
Kurt Bresswein may be reached at kbresswein@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @KurtBresswein. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
The Voice UK has made the move to ITV, but who are the coaches who've moved with it?
And who are the new faces who'll be swinging their chairs in 2016?
BEAUMONT, Texas — Josh Nzeakor and reserve Nick Garth scored 18 points apiece and Lamar doubled up Division-III member Howard Payne 112-56 on Saturday.
Colton Weisbrod finished with 17 points and seven rebounds for the Cardinals (8-1), who upped their winning streak to five and are off to their best start since the 1992-93 season. Zjori Bosha added 12 points and seven steals as Lamar forced 34 turnovers for the second straight game — also doing it in a win over St. Thomas. T.J. Atwood and Joey Frenchwood added 11 and 10 points, respectively.
Khyce Randall scored 14 points to pace the Yellow Jackets, while reserve Drake Cooper made 5 of 6 shots and scored 12. Randall came into the game averaging 27.8 points.
This one was over early. Lamar grabbed it first double-digit lead at the 11:28 mark of the first half and pushed its advantage to 57-27 by halftime. The lead grew to 44 on eight straight points by Frenchwood 3:42 into the second half.
The Food and Drugs Authority has arrested two women suspected to be involved in artificially colouring oranges to boost sales.
The FDA says the police conducted a swoop at the Madina market last Tuesday after photos and a video went viral on social media.
In the video, a woman is seen with two big bowls – one a colouring solution and the other full of ripe oranges.
She dipped the oranges in the solution and waits for some minutes for the fruit to turn deep yellow.
It is believed the colour makes the fruit eye-pleasing enough to attract customers.
But FDA says the colouring is “suspicious” and condemned the practice. The officials have therefore arrested the women for questioning and possible prosecution.
The FDA faces a huge task of regulating Ghana's food and drugs market. Only last April, the Authority seized over a metric ton of expired goods ahead of the Easter celebrations.
The seized items included antibiotics and analgesics, baby foods such as Aptamil, cerelac, biscuits, energy drinks, lucozade, margarines, dairy products, sanitary pads and many others from pharmacy shops, supermarkets, and filling station marts and from the markets few days to the Easter Holidays.
The legal battle between Taylor Swift and former Denver country radio DJ David Mueller is over.
Related: Taylor Swift Takes Stand in Trial Vs Former Denver DJ
A jury ruled in Swift's favor awarding her the symbolic $1 she was countersuing for, according to CNN.
In a statement Swift wrote:
I want to thank Judge William J. Martinez and the jury for their careful consideration, my attorneys Doug Baldridge, Danielle Foley, Jay Schaudies and Katie Wright for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault, and especially anyone who offered their support throughout this four-year ordeal and two-year long trial process.
I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life, in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this. My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard. Therefore, I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves.
The jury also found the singer's mother, Andrea Swift, and manager Frank Bell not liable for tortious interference.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Starrfmonline.com
2017-10-06
Sophia Akuffo, Chief Justice
The Chief Justice Sophia Akuffo has bemoaned the growing indiscipline at the BAR of Ghana as she charges newly enrolled lawyers to be of good behaviour.
According to Justice Akuffo, the high level of indiscipline amongst lawyers in Ghana is alarming and disappointing.
Addressing 208 newly enrolled lawyers to the Ghana BAR at the enrollment ceremony held at the Banquet Hall of the State House Friday, the Chief Justice said the Disciplinary Committee of the General Legal Council (GLC) is overwhelmed by the several misconduct complaints against lawyers.
She charged the newly enrolled lawyers to uphold all the rules governing the Profession they have chosen.
“We are witnessing these days a distressing increase in a number of disciplinary complaints that come before the disciplinary committee of the General Legal Council against lawyers especially the younger ones at the BAR.
“The root cause of most of these is lack of self-discipline and the desire to get rich quick on the part of new lawyers,” the Chief Justice said on Friday.
Justice Akuffo called on the lawyers to at all times observe the rules and ensure that none of them ever appears before the disciplinary committee of the General Legal Council.
TORONTO — Ricky Ray is returning to the Toronto Argonauts.
The Argos announced Friday that Ray has signed a one-year deal with the CFL club in 2018. He was eligible to become a free agent Feb. 13.
“Ricky Ray will go down as one of the greatest quarterbacks to ever play in the CFL, but we are thrilled he's not done adding to his historic career just yet,” GM Jim Popp said in a statement. “We are very excited to welcome him back for another season in the Double Blue.”
Ray, 38, led Toronto to a Grey Cup title last year, a CFL-record fourth as a starter, to cap the club's first season under head coach Marc Trestman. Following the Argos' 27-24 win over the Calgary Stampeders in November at TD Place, Ray said he was going to take some time to decide his football future.
Ray also said at the time if he decided to continue playing, it would be with Toronto. The Argos acquired Ray prior to the 2012 season from the Edmonton Eskimos and Ray rewarded his new club by leading it to victory in the 100th Grey Cup game at Rogers Centre.
Last December, Toronto acquired quarterback James Franklin from Edmonton and signed the 26-year-old to a two-year deal. Ray's return gives the Argos a potentially potent 1-2 punch under centre.
Ray enjoyed a resurgence under Trestman last season.
After being limited to just 12 games over two injury-plagued campaigns, Ray made 17 starts and registered his first 5,000-yard passing season since '08 in leading the Argos (9-9) atop the East Division after finishing last in '16 with a 5-13 mark.
Ray went through a similar process following the 2016 season before deciding to continue playing.
The day Trestman was hired, he named Ray his starter and Ray responded by leading Toronto back to the CFL playoffs and being named the East Division's outstanding player.
Ray has played in 233 career CFL games over his 15-year career. The six-foot-three, 214-pound California native stands fourth overall in passing yards (60,429) behind Anthony Calvillo (79,816), Damon Allen (72,381) and Henry Burris (63,227).
Ray has been named a CFL all-star three times and last year was the East Division's outstanding player for the third occasion.
Ebonyi govt. vows to shut down illegal schools
The Commissioner for Education in Ebonyi, Prof. John Eke, has warned that the government would clamp down on schools in the state being operated without the approval of the government.
He gave the warning on Wednesday in Abakaliki in an interview with newsmen.
He said that it was illegal to operate school without obtaining necessary approval from the government.
He said that the Ministry of Education had well-defined procedure which prospective school proprietors must comply with to obtain approval.
He maintained that it was illegal and against the laws of the state to establish and operate any school including nursery, primary or secondary without an enabling licence issued by the Ministry.
Eke said the recent closure of Power House International Secondary School was due to non compliance with laid down procedures for school registration.
He added that the action was part of the clean-up in the education sector.
He said that the school was operating in a six flat private residential home comprising three-bed room flats with no recreational and sports facilities.
The commissioner said that the school, which commenced academic activities in the 2015 /2016 school calendar, did not receive approval to operate as an academic institution.
Eke said: “the school did not meet the requisite criteria; the school operates without any licence or approval from the Ministry of Education and operates from the owner's residential building.
“There is no trace of any file whatsoever in my office showing that the proprietor applied for approval to establish a school in the state.
“We cannot allow such illegality to happen in a state that subscribe to the principle of rule of law.
“We closed down the school because it was not qualified to operate as a school due to failure of the owner to adhere to laid down procedure for establishing a school.”
The post Ebonyi govt. vows to shut down illegal schools appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The youth of Wichita County have wrapped up the Junior Livestock Show Saturday night.
Friday and Saturday kids were showing off their hard work and skills in raising livestock and training animals.
One of those kids was 11-year-old Arden Nimetz.
Arden trained her horse, Jake, all summer to run barrels.
Growing up around horses, Arden said it was only a matter of time before she began training her own.
This was her first time competing in the Wichita County Junior Livestock Show.
While she prepared, she made sure she and her horse had a good relationship.
"You have to know your horse pretty well. Know what they like and dislike. You have to know how fast they'll go. You just have to build it up every day," she said.
Arden competed in the 12 and Under class and ran a 0.36-second barrel.
She had hoped to have a time in the teens but said her and Jake will get there eventually.
Arden has plans to enter professional barrel racing in the future.
Samantha Forester, Newschannel 6
Copyright 2017 KAUZ All Rights Reserved
(AP Photo/Frank Franklin II). New York Mets' Lucas Duda watches his three-run home run during the eighth inning of the team's baseball game against the Chicago Cubs on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York.
(AP Photo/Frank Franklin II). Chicago Cubs' Ian Happ (8) runs the bases after hitting a home run as New York Mets starting pitcher Matt Harvey (33) walks on the mound during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York.
(AP Photo/Frank Franklin II). Chicago Cubs' Mike Montgomery winds up during the first inning of the team's baseball game against the New York Mets on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York.
(AP Photo/Frank Franklin II). New York Mets' Curtis Granderson (3) gestures to fans during a curtain call after hitting a home run during the eighth inning of the team's baseball game against the Chicago Cubs on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York.
(AP Photo/Frank Franklin II). New York Mets' Curtis Granderson and Chicago Cubs catcher Miguel Montero watch Granderson's 300th career home run, during the eighth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York. The Mets won 9-4.
By MIKE FITZPATRICKAP Baseball Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - Curtis Granderson opened a five-run eighth inning with his 300th homer, a tiebreaking shot that helped the New York Mets rally past the Chicago Cubs for a 9-4 victory Wednesday night.
Injury replacement Lucas Duda added a three-run homer off Hector Rondon, and T.J. Rivera capped the outburst with an RBI single for his third hit.
With sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Michael Conforto on the bench to begin the game, the resurgent Mets came back from a 4-1 deficit and took two of three from the defending World Series champions despite losing second baseman Neil Walker to a left leg injury.
Granderson received a standing ovation and came out for a curtain call after connecting in the eighth off Carl Edwards Jr. (2-1).
Jerry Blevins (4-0) struck out three of his four batters to earn the win.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Don't Let Melaye Tarnish Your Integrity, Kogi Gov Tells Senate
By Jonathan Nda- Isaiah
Kogi State governor ,Yahaya Bello, has urged the senate not to allow Senator Dino Melaye tarnish their image and integrity describing him as a deviant in the red chamber.
Governor Bello, who spoke to State House Correspondents shortly after a closed-door meeting with Acting President Yemi Osinbajo at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, also said the senator lacked “proper parental care and upbringing”.
He said it was no surprise that the senator continued to behave in a way that constitute nuisance to the society.
Bello stated ;You see I would rather admonish Nigerians that when a child lacks proper parental care and home upbringing, he constitutes social menace in the society.
“And if the society does not take steps to check and correct such a child, they can turn into criminal and take into criminality then it will be left to government to check such criminality. And if government does not, such a child can cause a serious embarrassment. That is what is happening in Kogi State.”
“Then talking of the Senate, let me rather admonish the Senate that that is an institution that is held on a very high esteem and I think the Senate and indeed the National Assembly is made up of men of high caliber and of high integrity and good character.
” I think it is necessary that that wonderful house should as matter of urgency and as a matter of fact check any social deviant that exists within them before they could be adjudged birds of the same feather. I know they are not of the same feather.
On allegations by Senator Melaye that he earmarked N1 billion to remove him from the Senate, he dismissed the allegations as a figment of Dino ‘s imagination.
He added:That is his own figment of his imagination. The good people of Okunland and indeed west senatorial district have learnt from a bitter mistake of not taming and curbing that social deviant and they have decided to take lawful steps in recalling him.”
Bello, who said he came to the villa to brief the acting president on development in the state, said Kogi State is peaceful unlike the propaganda by Dino.
“I came to brief the Acting President of development in my state. We all know Mr. President is taking a rest and the men at the helm of affairs needs to be periodically briefed.
“He is pleased with the development in Kogi State.
When reminded of the recent crisis in the state, he replied “There is no crisis in Kogi State we are living in peace and harmony.
“But sincerely speaking Kogi State is living in peace, projects are ongoing, we are all happy over there, salaries are being paid as at when due and we are making serious progress.
The post Don't Let Melaye Tarnish Your Integrity, Kogi Gov Tells Senate appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Attempt missed. Luis Silva (Real Salt Lake) right footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the right.
Oscar winning actress Gwyneth Paltrow says she is considering giving up her Hollywood career to focus on her lifestyle company Goop.
“I'm not sure how I'll feel about acting going forward. I'm doing just a teensy little bit here and there when I have time, but I am loving running my business,” she told Extra, reports dailymail.co.uk.
The 44-year-old, who has children Apple, 13, and Moses, 11, with her ex-husband Chris Martin, admitted she is instead relishing the challenge of building her own company.
“You know, my life has been skewing far more heavily towards my business, and it has to right now that we have so much going on,” she said.
“We're growing so fast (at my company), and it's such an exciting time to be doing what I'm doing.”
Faber, also a vocalist, was the original bass player for central Minnesota's country band, Hank & The Embers. Klimek, the other vocalist, composes the group's backing tracks. They delve into a wide range of music, including Steely Dan, Chicago, Gene Watson, Waylon Jennings, The Beatles and Jimmy Buffett.
The concert starts at 7 p.m. and is the 13th in a series of weekly performances scheduled throughout the summer. Organized by The Red Willow Arts Coalition, the free concerts are sponsored by Anderson Funeral Home and Elden's Fresh Foods as well as nightly sponsors. Thursday's music is sponsored by The Guitar Shoppe.
This is the seventh season for "Concerts on the Courthouse Lawn." Red Willow encourages concert-goers to bring lawn chairs or blankets. Proceeds from popcorn sales will support a new playground for Miltona Science Magnet School.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Well, that feels better doesn't it?
Coming into work on a Monday morning on the back of a Chester FC win.
It may not have been pretty but, given the situation the Blues find themselves in, that matters little.
So where else to start our look back at the winners and losers from the weekend National League action than the vital 1-0 victory over Solihull Moors ?
THREE UP
Massive Chester FC win
"It was a massive win. We spoke in the week that it was all about getting the result."
Those were the words of Blues assistant manager Ross Thorpe after Ross Hannah stepped off the bench to settle Saturday's basement battle.
Thorpe was not wrong. Had Marcus Bignot's boys gone down to defeat, they would be six points adrift of safety heading into a run of four league games in 10 days either side of Christmas.
Instead, the success means they can approach the crucial clashes with FC Halifax Town, Guiseley (twice) and Hartlepool United with some confidence restored.
Yes, it was far from the perfect performance, but the fact that Hannah is back in the groove - that's three goals in four games now for Chester's top scorer - and the fact that they kept only their fourth clean sheet of the campaign - with senior league debutant Jamie Jones an integral part of that - ensured there were plenty of positives to take.
Miracle worker Askey
When Macclesfield Town were losing players at a rate of knots in the summer - a fair few to the Blues - there were suggestions that they could be in for a season of struggle.
But then we forgot who their manager is.
John Askey has been one of the best bosses in the non-league top flight for some time now and, despite operating on one of the lower budgets in the division, his Silkmen side sit top after their 4-1 demolition of Wrexham, more of whom later.
Very much like the volunteers who descended on the Swansway Chester Stadium , Macc only got the top-of-the-table encounter on thanks to the help of their supporters.
And afterwards Askey said: "The football club is about everybody. Everyone who contributed on the day - it's a reward to them. For them to come out in the freezing cold at 6am pulling off sheets and clearing snow, I'm just pleased for them."
Lucky 13
If you'd have asked Chester fans before Saturday the one team they expected to be sucked into the relegation battle, then I'd wager a fair few would have said Halifax.
That's not surprising as the Shaymen were on a 12-match winless run in all competitions...
... until they went and won 1-0 at a high-flying Aldershot Town team that had enjoyed victories in four of their previous five unbeaten outings. That's the Conference for you this season.
Halifax boss Billy Heath, whose side remain eight points above the drop spots, said: "I am happy to hold my hands up and say we got a little lucky but when you consider the situation I think maybe we deserved that.
"We had an awful lot of players missing, I struggle to remember anything like it. We have hardly been able to train."
THREE DOWN
Woeful Wrexham
As good as Macclesfield were in Saturday's BT Sport-live showdown at snow-hit Moss Rose, Wrexham were as bad for major periods of it.
To put the defeat into context, it was the first time this season that the usually rock-solid Dragons had conceded more than two goals in a game.
But they have ridden their luck at times this season - no more so than in their derby win last month - and Dean Keates offered his players no hiding place after they were well beaten by Macc.
Keates said: "It is not good enough, we were on top in the second half. They were by far the better team in the first half, we were lucky to go in only 1-0 down.
"But we had a reaction in the second half, a lot better and got us right back into the game. (It was) a good goal, Scotty (Boden) has deserved that over the last few weeks, but we kind of got carried away with the atmosphere. I think we had as many fans here as they did, but we lost our discipline a bit and we should have stayed in the game."
Pools pain
Another manager who was far from happy was Hartlepool's Craig Harrison.
With good reason, too, as his struggling side crashed to a 4-0 defeat at Dover Athletic.
Pools have now lost their last three and Harrison went as far as apologising to the 116 travelling supporters who made the 11-hour round trip.
He said: "They deserve better than this. We are at Workington next Saturday in the FA Trophy and then we are at home to Maidenhead.
"They 100% didn't deserve that today and from the staff and the players we are very thankful for the support they give us."
Tame Lions
That's now four straight league defeats for Guiseley after they were beaten 4-0 at Ebbsfleet United.
Maybe the Lions were distracted by their mini-run in the FA Cup, but on a weekend when Leyton Orient as well as Chester won, their plight is looking more desperate.
As well as their double-header with the Blues, Guiseley host Aldershot and head to Tranmere Rovers over the festive period following this weekend's FA Trophy trip to Gateshead.
And boss Paul Cox said: "This is something I am not happy about, we know we need points and to move up the table as soon as we can.
"Next week our focus will be on the FA Trophy as we look to progress in that but we know how important the league matches will be afterwards."
WASHINGTON — The Latest on President Donald Trump warning of “the calm before the storm.” (all times local):
2:40 p.m.
President Donald Trump is refusing to elaborate on what he meant when he said Thursday it was “the calm before the storm.”
Trump was asked what he meant Friday during a gathering of manufacturers at the White House.
His answer? “You'll find out.”
Trump had summoned journalists to document a dinner he held Thursday night with the military leaders and their wives.
The president then suggested the gathering could be “the calm before the storm.” But he wouldn't say whether he was talking about North Korea or Iran or any other possible threat.
——
7:25 a.m.
President Donald Trump delivered a foreboding message Thursday night, telling reporters as he posed for photos with his senior military leaders that this might be “the calm before the storm.”
White House reporters were summoned suddenly Thursday evening and told the president had decided he wanted the press to document a dinner he was holding with military leaders and their wives.
Reporters encountered the president, his highest-ranking military aides and their wives posing for a group photo.
“You guys know what this represents?” Trump asked. “Maybe it's the calm before the storm. Could be the calm, the calm before the storm.”
“What storm Mr. President?” one reporter shouted. ISIS? North Korea? Iran?
“You'll find out,” the president said.
SAN JOSE, Calif. — A Southwest Airlines jet made an emergency landing in California following reports that a passenger lit up a cigarette in a bathroom.
Southwest says Flight 1250 from Los Angeles to San Francisco was diverted Wednesday.
The plane landed safely at San Jose Mineta International Airport, about 50 miles (80 kilometres) south of San Francisco.
The airline says the passenger accused of smoking was turned over to law enforcement.
The remaining 32 passengers were placed on other aircraft to continue their trips.
(WFLA) – Now that we're in a new year, making the best use of your money might be one of your resolutions.
Market analysts at Consumer Reports have come up with a handy list that might benefit you.
The “Best Time To Buy Things” list contains products that are typically offered at deep discounts during certain months of the year.
Consumer Reports suggests that in addition to checking the list, be sure to keep an eye on Sunday ads, shopping apps and retailer emails.
January
Bathroom scales
Ellipticals
Linens and Sheets
Treadmills
TVs
Winter Sports Gear and Clothing
February
Humidifiers
Mattresses
Winter Sports Gear and Coats
March
Boxed Chocolates
Digital Cameras
Ellipticals
Humidifiers
Treadmills
See more of the Consumer Reports “Best Time To Buy Things” report here.
Production company RSA Films has announced the launch of RSA VR, a new division dedicated exclusively to the creative development and production of VR, AR and mixed media. RSA is led by co-founder Ridley Scott whose prolific body of work consistently uses the latest tools of filmmaking in innovative ways. Head of RSA VR will be Jen Dennis, who has collaborated with Scott to lead RSA's VR practice to date, most notably co-executive producing The Martian VR Experience, the multi award-winning companion piece to critically acclaimed hit film, The Martian. The first project out of RSA VR is for Scott's Alien: Covenant, in partnership with Twentieth Century Fox‘s FoxNext and Technicolor‘s MPC.
“We have been heavily involved in VR for the past few years, and having a dedicated stand-alone division underscores our commitment to immersive media in both the brand and entertainment space,” said Jules Daly, president, RSA Films. “In addition to being one of the most well regarded producers in commercials and content, Jen Dennis brings hands-on experience developing and producing VR and is among the foremost influencers in the space. Ridley has a long lineage as a pioneer in creative technology, and RSA's roster includes incredibly talented directors who understand the unique language of VR. We are pleased to offer this formidable resource to our clients.”
“RSA has been a great partner with Fox and a pioneer in virtual reality,” said Salil Mehta, president, FoxNext. “We are excited to continue our successful collaboration with Ridley, Jules and Jen that started with “The Martian VR Experience” and continues with our upcoming VR experience for Alien: Covenant.”
RSA's latest work in VR includes Juriaan Booij‘s 360 immersive film campaign for Siemens, and the David Karlak-directed VR experience for Alien: Covenant, executive produced by Ridley Scott and Jen Dennis. Other projects in development include “Blackbox,” a VR episodic series in partnership with Endless VR directed by Karlak, and a soon-to-be-announced VR documentary episodic series directed by famed photographer and director Michael Muller.
“I am thrilled to head up our VR division,” said Jen Dennis, Head of RSA VR. “I think VR is one of the most exciting areas in the industry today, with potential to influence how we consume content for generations to come. I enjoy everything from assembling teams and forging partnerships to create, distribute and market VR content, to having an ongoing informative – and often inspirational dialogue – with colleagues in the space. I consider us in a unique position to undertake this with RSA's talented roster of directors.”
Among RSA's directors working in and pursuing projects in VR are David Karlak, Robert Stromberg, Aya Tanimura, Juriaan Booij, Michael Muller, Henrik Hansen, Jordan Scott, Luke Scott, Jake Scott, Daniel Kragh-Jacobsen, Ben Mor, Andrew Hines and Shynola.
The Archdiocese of Newark Office for Evangelization Mobile App (iFaithNJ) is packed with features to help you pray, learn, and interact with the Catholic community.
Available on iTunes and Google Play.
The Tolar Lady Rattlers volleyball team won five games at the Clifton tournament this weekend.
Tolar swept all five of their wins, and lost just three sets all weekend. The Lady Rattlers lost to Reicher Catholic, a Waco school, in 2-1 and 2-0 defeats.
The Lady Rattlers' next game is at Hico on Tuesday. They'll compete in the Glen Rose Tournament next weekend.
×
You have now reached your limit of 15 stories this month.
Register for free and continue reading - or subscribe and get unlimited access.
Register for free Get 10 bonus articles
Subscribe to Autosport Plus today Get unlimited access
I already have an account. Sign in
It was an historic feminist victory over the rosary-clutching Irish patriarchy, a successful revolt of the young against the old, a triumph of Dublin's smart and forward-thinking secularists over the priest-ridden Catholic farmers of the countryside.
Except it was no such thing.
After a thumping 67-per-cent majority of Irish voters cast their ballots last Friday to repeal the country's constitutional ban on abortion, Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland quite properly offered congratulations from Ottawa, and Environment Minister Catherine McKenna exchanged high-fives with Canada's ambassador to Ireland, Kevin Vickers.
And fair enough, too, but Ireland has not suddenly joined the ranks of quite the same liberal, feminist universe where quite a few Canadians seem to think our own country shines like some sort of lodestar. In one key respect, the opposite is true. While Ireland's abortion ban was an outlier in the developed world, Canada is now the outlier.
There are no statutory restrictions on abortion in Canada, and the consensus among Canada's political parties is that the issue is best left alone. In Ireland, the consensus is now that the issue cannot be simply left alone. Leading up to last weekend's referendum, opinion polls showed only a third of Irish voters favour a Canadian-style legal regime. Unlike the case in Canada, abortion is regulated and restricted in various ways in all of the European Union's 27 countries. Ireland is simply becoming more European.
Unlike the case in Canada, abortion is regulated and restricted in various ways in all of the European Union's 27 countries
The Eighth Amendment to the Irish constitution had effectively outlawed abortion in the 26-county Irish republic, prohibiting lawmakers from legislating on the subject and forcing Irishwomen, even in cases of rape, to travel to Britain for abortions. From Fiánna Fail on the right to Sinn Féin on the left, Ireland's mainstream political parties are now divided only marginally and only in the details of what sort of regulations and restrictions should be included in a post-referendum abortion law.
Whatever the Catholic hierarchy had to say on the subject — as you might imagine, Ireland's Catholic bishops and priests urged the faithful to cast “no” votes — roughly two-thirds of voters who professed to be committed Irish Catholics voted “yes” to repeal the Eighth Amendment. Paradoxically, with the possible exception of Poland, the most severe restrictions on access to abortion in all of Europe are now to be found in the six-county, Protestant-majority statelet of Northern Ireland.
It is quite true that older Irish people tended to vote against the tide. But Ireland is a young country. Only about 12 per cent of population is over 65, and even in that demographic about 40 per cent voted to repeal the abortion ban.
Neither was the abortion ban merely a misogynistic holdover from the grim and dreary days of Éamon de Valera's stagnant, cold republic of the 1950s. Abortion had been outlawed in Ireland from the days of British rule in the 19th century, but the constitutional ban was implemented only in the 1980s, following a two-thirds vote in a referendum in 1983. And now, almost exactly two-thirds of Irish voters cast repeal ballots last Friday. The Irish have simply changed their minds, and it was not so much a throwing-off of “Catholic guilt” that explains it, but rather the shame of the abortion ban itself appears to have most effectively motivated “yes” voters. The injustice of the ban became central to public debates. It will be a long time before Savita Halappanavar will be forgotten.
In November, 2012, Halappanavar died in an Irish hospital after giving birth to a stillborn baby. She had been denied an abortion, even though the doctors knew the birth would result in a miscarriage. The cruelty of the law's indifference to the suffering of Irishwomen was central to the referendum debates, and the Irish Times is quite right to editorialize that the referendum result is a victory that belongs to the women of Ireland. Even so, Irishmen voted more or less the same way women did — 65 per cent voted to repeal, compared to 70 per cent of women.
While 77 per cent of Dubliners voted to repeal, majorities were carried all across Ireland — even in the poorer, rural counties in the provinces of Connacht and Munster. Only a single constituency in Donegal voted “no,” but that was a low-turnout vote that still hovered only barely in the negative — 52 per cent.
Ireland is changed, and changed utterly, but it has already been more than two decades since the Irish voted to repeal the country's ban on divorce. Three years ago, Irish voters resoundingly approved same-sex marriage in yet another referendum. Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar, himself a gay Indo-Irishman, has pointed out that what happened last Friday is part of a “quiet revolution.”
But it's a revolution that has been underway in Ireland for a quarter of a century already.
AMESBURY, England — The Latest on the major incident near Salisbury, England, in which two people have been left in a critical condition (all times local):
12:20 p.m.
British police say counterterrorism officers are working with local detectives after two people were sickened by an unknown substance in southwest England.
The Metropolitan Police says “officers from the counterterrorism network are working jointly with colleagues from Wiltshire Police” on the incident in Amesbury.
Police say a man and a woman in their 40s were hospitalized after being found unconscious at a residential building in Amesbury. The town is eight miles (13 kilometres) from Salisbury, where ex-spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia were poisoned with a nerve agent on March 4.
Police say they are keeping an open mind and do not yet know whether a crime has been committed.
——
6 a.m.
British police declared a “major incident” Wednesday after two people were left in critical condition from exposure to an unknown substance a few miles from where a former Russian spy and his daughter were poisoned with a nerve agent.
The Wiltshire Police force said a man and a woman in their 40s were hospitalized after being found unconscious at a residential building in Amesbury, eight miles (13 kilometres) from Salisbury, where Sergei and Yulia Skripal were poisoned on March 4.
Police cordoned off the building and other places the two people visited before falling ill, but health officials said there was not believed to be a wider risk.
The man and woman were hospitalized Saturday at Salisbury District Hospital, where authorities initially believed they might have taken a contaminated batch of heroin or crack cocaine.
“However, further testing is now ongoing to establish the substance which led to these patients becoming ill and we are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding this incident,” police said. “At this stage, it is not yet clear if a crime has been committed.”
DETROIT — Dennis Edwards, a Grammy-winning former member of the famed Motown group The Temptations, has died. He was 74.
Edwards died Thursday in Chicago after a long illness, said Rosiland Triche Roberts, his longtime booking agent.
Edwards replaced founding member David Ruffin in 1968, and his soulful, passionate voice defined the group for years. A member on and off for about two decades, he was part of the lineup that released hits “Ball of Confusion (That's What The World Is Today),” “Cloud Nine” and the chart-topping “Papa Was A Rollin' Stone.”
He possessed a “voice for the ages,” with great range, energy and artistry, Paul Riser, a Motown arranger and musician who worked with Edwards during the label's Detroit heyday and on subsequent projects, told The Associated Press. “That voice was just flat-out outstanding — very well-defined.”
Edwards was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame with the rest of The Temptations in 1989.
In the 1990s, a federal judge barred him from performing under his former band's name. Otis Williams, the band's lone original member, sued Edwards for trademark infringement after he had used variations that included “The New Temptations.” He was allowed to use “The Temptations Review featuring Dennis Edwards,” and performed under that name for nearly two decades, according to Roberts.
“He is now at peace, and our love and prayers go out to his family,” Williams said in a statement Friday. “At this moment and always, we acknowledge his extraordinary contribution to The Temptations legacy, which lives on in the music.”
Motown star Smokey Robinson said in a statement that he was saddened “that another Motown soldier is gone.”
“Rest in Peace my brother,” he said. “You were a great talent.”
Born in Birmingham, Alabama, Edwards lived near St. Louis with his wife, Brenda. He would have turned 75 on Saturday.
IOWA CITY, Iowa — Iowa forward Tyler Cook will withdraw his name from NBA Draft consideration and return to the Hawkeyes for his junior season.
Cook announced his decision on Wednesday, which means the Hawkeyes are getting their best player back after a trying 2017-18 season.
Cook averaged team highs of 15.3 points and 6.8 rebounds a game for Iowa, which finished 14-19. But the return of Cook and fellow junior Isaiah Moss — who also withdrew from NBA Draft consideration — should put the Hawkeyes in position to improve next winter.
Iowa will also bring in prized recruit Joe Wieskamp, perhaps the only recruit more highly touted than Cook in coach Fran McCaffery's eight seasons with the Hawkeyes.
Since 2003, Herning has cooperated closely with VMware on a radical move from using physical servers to being almost 100% virtualized. The development has meant easier administration, lower costs, more efficient use of resources, savings and a future-proof IT set up. Next phase in the partnership is network virtualization.
From the fine folks at VMware NSX.
Getty Image / A24
The Coen brothers, the Russo brothers, the Wachowski siblings: sibling filmmaking teams sound great on paper, but how does that actually work in practice? While I can't speak to Benny and Josh Safdie's exact work practices, the sibling filmmakers behind Heaven Know What (directed by Josh and Benny, written by Josh and Ronald Bronstein) and now Good Time (ditto) have a clear dynamic when interviewed. Clean-shaven, caffeinated Benny, who answers quickly and expansively, is the performer, the actor-y one, eager to play this promotional game. Josh, hirsute in face and hair like an age-reversed Rick Rubin, dressed in his aggressively normcore director's uniform of black jacket and promotional hat from the movie he's just directed, is the artist, given to more considered responses, and to shepherding his brother back on track.
The pair seem precocious in person, though I hadn't guessed it from their film. Good Time is gritty and committed to realism, but without the self-seriousness you expect from young filmmakers exploring Very Serious Subjects. It never feels bloated or overly earnest, and they've smartly used their sociological impulses in service of a genre movie, which gives Good Time a tightness a lot of similar works lack. Whatever they're doing, it's working.
It was disconcerting at first, being face to face with this gregarious, articulate version of Benny, when up until that moment I'd known him only as his character in Good Time, Nick Nikas, the brooding, unibrowed, mentally challenged brother to Robert Pattinson's Connie Nikas, a tweaky, circle-bearded grifter. Pattinson was there too, the former sparkly vampire familiar with the process, affable and happy to be just Rob, a guy doing a movie.
You always go into these things thinking you want to know more about the famous guy, only to find that you kind of already know a lot, because of the fame. Then you hit on something interesting, like the fact that the actor playing Good Time‘s most interesting character, Ray (Buddy Duress), actually inspired the whole movie, by doing time at Rikers Island after being on the run while shooting the Safdies' previous movie. Only by then, your time is almost up and you have to go. It's just how these things go sometimes. But judging by the response to their movie, I have a feeling these guys will be making the rounds again soon.
BENI, Congo — The United Nations Deputy Special Representative for Congo says military offences will be launched against rebels who killed at least 15 Tanzanian U.N. peacekeepers last week in eastern Congo.
In a memorial ceremony Monday David Gressly said those who staged the assault, which wounded 50 others, will pay for their actions. The Dec. 7 attack about 45 kilometres (28 miles) from Beni was the deadliest single attack on a U.N. peacekeeping mission in nearly 25 years.
At least five Congolese soldiers also were killed in the attack. The peacekeeping base has been repeatedly attacked by rebels from the Allied Democratic Forces group.
Tanzania's ambassador in Congo Paul Ignace Mella called on the U.N. to protect its peacekeeping soldiers. The U.N. peacekeeping mission in Congo is the largest in the world.
New Mercedes-Benz A-Class sedan aims for attainable luxury
This version of the Mercedes-Benz A-Class sedan was designed for the Chinese market, but expect the four-door A-Class to make it to the United States eventually as Mercedes' new entry-level model.
The post New Mercedes-Benz A-Class sedan aims for attainable luxury appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TORONTO — The CFL will use a slightly different football this season.
The new ball will be made of slightly harder leather and upon inflation could be up to an eighth of an inch larger. But it will sport the same laces and stripes as usual.
“The new ball is virtually identical, to the eye, to the old one,” Ryan Janzen, the CFL's senior director of football operations, said in a statement. “It has the same laces and markings including our stripes.
“But it is made of a slightly harder leather. Our partners at Wilson say that allows it to hold its pebbles better.”
The league said last season clubs were given the opportunity at mini-camp and training camp to test the Wilson ball used in the NFL. The CFL added quarterbacks indicated they preferred the traditional laces but the leather of the NFL footballs.
As a result, CFL GMs proposed the league adopt a new ball featuring the traditional laces, stripes and markings but the leather and size of the NFL ball. The league's board of governors discussed the change over the winter and the new balls were subsequently ordered.
Savanna Jessie, 7, died Friday after testing positive for flu, strep and scarlet fever and receiving treatment. (Source: Family/WRTV/CNN)
COLUMBUS, IN (WRTV/CNN) - Savanna Jessie's family said they will remember her for the love and light she brought into their lives.
"Everybody is devastated. You never expect it to happen to you, ever," said Courtney Hargett, Savanna's aunt.
The 7-year-old died Friday after testing positive for flu, strep and scarlet fever and receiving treatment. She lived with her father and was in first grade at Lincoln Elementary School.
"We got news Friday that she had been sick and that he had taken her to the hospital Thursday evening, and that after they left the hospital, he took her home, put her in bed and then found her Friday morning," Hargett said.
Savanna was unresponsive. Medics rushed her to Columbus Regional Hospital, where she was pronounced dead.
"Savanna came into this world seven weeks early. She was a fighter, but boy was strong," Hargett said. "As she grew she was so smart, the smartest little girl you'd ever meet. And she smiled, she loved to make people laugh."
Savanna's family warned other parents: "Be careful, monitor your children very closely and make sure they're vaccinated."
A forensic pathologist completed an autopsy Friday, but the final ruling on Savanna's cause of death may take up to three weeks.
Copyright 2018 WRTV via CNN. All rights reserved.
David Ospina will resume Champions League goalkeeping duties for Arsenal in the last-16 clash at Bayern Munich, manager Arsene Wenger has confirmed.
Colombia international Ospina has been Arsenal's cup goalkeeper of choice over the past two seasons but his Champions League campaign last term was marred by him dropping a corner over his own goalline in the group-stage defeat to Olympiacos.
That saw regular number one Petr Cech restored for the first leg of the tie against Barcelona in the knockout stages, with the 28-year-old coming back for the return at Camp Nou where a 5-1 aggregate loss was completed.
This time around, Ospina helped Arsenal through an unbeaten group stage with relatively few alarms and Wenger told a pre-match news conference at the Allianz Arena that he would not revert to Cech again.
"I have nothing to hide there, it will be Ospina because of the quality of his performances," he said when quizzed over the identity of his starting goalkeeper.
"We are in the last 16 because we finished top of the group. If you analyse his performances in every single game, we are where we are down to his great performances."
Trump went on the counter-offensive as his administration reeled from the abrupt dismissal of Michael Flynn as national security adviser on Monday.
The New York Times reported late on Tuesday that phone call records and intercepted calls showed members of Trump's presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the Nov. 8 election.
Trump dismissed the report, firing back in a series of early morning tweets on Wednesday.
"This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign," the Republican president tweeted, citing his former Democratic rival in the 2016 presidential contest.
In another tweet, Trump said: "Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia," adding that the situation was "very serious."
"The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. Very un-American!" Trump wrote.
He did not give evidence to back his charge that intelligence officials were supplying information to the news media. He did not say if he had ordered any investigation into leaks.
Reuters could not immediately confirm the Times report, which the Kremlin dismissed on Wednesday.
CNN also reported that Trump advisers were in constant contact with Russian officials during the campaign.
The Times, citing current and former U.S. officials, said U.S. law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the communications around the same time they discovered Russia was trying to disrupt the presidential election by hacking into the Democratic National Committee.
The officials had seen no evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians on the hacking or other efforts to influence the election, the Times said, but they were still alarmed by the intercepted communications.
Flynn was forced out over conversations he had with the Russian ambassador before Trump took office on Jan. 20, and his misrepresentations to Vice President Mike Pence over what he had discussed.
The Times said the intercepted calls in its report were different from the wiretapped conversations between Flynn and the ambassador, Sergei Kislyak.
U.S. lawmakers, including some leading Republicans, called on Tuesday for a deeper inquiry into not just Flynn's actions but broader White House ties to Russia. Trump has long said that he would like improved relations with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Flynn's conversations with the Russian ambassador took place around the time that then-President Barack Obama imposed new sanctions on Russia on Dec. 29, charging that Moscow had used cyberattacks to try to influence the presidential election in Trump's favor.
A U.S. official familiar with the transcripts of the calls with the ambassador said Flynn indicated that if Russia did not retaliate, that could smooth the way toward a broader discussion of improving U.S.-Russian relations once Trump took power.
This was potentially illegal under a law barring unauthorized private citizens from interfering in disputes the United States has with other countries.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi issued a brisk statement on Monday about use of a Kashmiri man as a shield by the Indian Army in the state of Jammu and Kashmir. He said that the difficult circumstances in the Valley impended for that decision.
The Attorney General said that the particular action saved many lives including that of the election officials. “It was one of those spur-of-the-moment decisions… If an army major got away without hurting anybody, it's a great job… There was nothing wrong, considering the circumstances. If it has to be done again, it should be done again. We are 100 per cent backing the army and the major,” he said.
With a probe already ordered in the case by J&K CM Mehbooba Mufti, Rohatgi stated that he could not understand why there is so much outrage over the incident.
What happened?
On 9th April, 26-year-old Farooq Ahmad Dar from Chil Bras, Kashmir was allegedly beaten and detained in an army camp. With polling being concluded in Srinagar, Dar said that he was paraded through different areas in the facade of the Indian army jeep before being thrashed and released in the evening. A video of Ahmad Dar being paraded by the army surfaced on the internet which drew immediate censure from many.
Three people died and three others were hurt in the crash. (Source: WTHR)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A Floyd County, Indiana man has been arrested for causing a chain-reaction crash in July that killed three people.
Brian L. Hodges, 46, of New Albany, was taken into custody October 6 by Indiana State Police after a warrant was issued in Monroe County.
PREVIOUS STORY
+ Bus en route to Louisville crashes, 3 killed
On July 22, Hodges was driving a passenger bus on Indiana 37 North, just north of Bloomington, that crashed into the rear of a minivan stopped in traffic. In addition to the three people killed, three others were seriously injured in the series of chain-reaction crashes that followed.
The GPS system on the bus showed it was traveling at 65 miles per hour just before the crash, which occurred in a construction zone. The minivan and other vehicles ahead of the bus had been temporarily stopped because of road repairs that were underway.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Letter: Postel accuses Pitino of 'pattern ... of inappropriate behavior'
+ Man charged for stabbing near Churchill Downs
+ 2 UofL basketball coaches placed on administrative leave
Monroe County Sheriff Brad Swain said blood drawn from Hodges soon after the crash showed he had amphetamine and methamphetamine in his system.
Hodges is charged with three counts of causing death while operating a vehicle with a Schedule I or II Controlled Substance in the blood, three counts of reckless homicide, two counts of causing serious bodily injury when operating a vehicle with a Schedule I or II Substance in the body.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares skidded Tuesday following Wall Street's biggest loss in more than four months. Japan's benchmark languished as the yen firmed against the U.S. dollar.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 index lost 1.4 percent to 23,291.97 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng dropped 1.1 percent to 32,601.62. South Korea's Kospi sank 1.1 percent to 2,567.74. The Shanghai Composite index fell 0.8 percent to 3,495.05 and Australia's S&P ASX 200 gave up 0.9 percent to 6,022.80. India's Sensex lost 0.6 percent to 36,067.22. Shares also were lower in Taiwan, Singapore and Indonesia.
WALL STREET: The sell-off was led by technology stocks, the biggest gainers in 2017, which accounted for much of the slide. Energy companies also fell as crude oil prices finished lower. Utilities and other rate-sensitive sectors declined as bond yields hit their highest level in almost four years. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 0.7 percent to 2,853.53 and the Dow Jones industrial average also dropped 0.7 percent, to 26,439.48. The Nasdaq composite lost 0.5 percent, to 7,466.51. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks gave up 0.6 percent to 1,598.11. Losers outnumbered gainers almost five-to-one on the New York Stock Exchange.
TRUMP: Also on investors' radar: Tuesday night's State of the Union address by President Donald Trump, and a two-day meeting of the Federal Reserve's policymaking committee that wraps up Wednesday. "This is one of the few prepared speeches that the president will give, so the progress on NAFTA and trade with China is something the market is going to watch carefully," said Mike Baele, senior portfolio manager at U.S. Bank Private Wealth Management.
JAPAN: Data for December released Tuesday showed the jobless rate rising to a still low 2.8 percent and retail sales coming in stronger than expected. But household spending and willingness to spend fell, underscoring the need for wage increases during the annual spring labor negotiations that are underway.
ANALYST'S VIEWPOINT: "Asian markets are set to see further pullback in the day, caught in the crosswind of the overnight action. In particular, the performance of Apple Inc.'s regional supply chain is expected to come into focus as reports of a production reduction to the company's leading iPhone X floated to the market," Jingyi Pan of IG said in a commentary.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 71 cents to $64.85 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It lost 58 cents, or about 1 percent, to settle at $65.56 a barrel on Monday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, dropped 52 cents to $68.68 a barrel. It fell $1.06, or 1.5 percent, to close at $69.46 per barrel on Monday.
CURRENCIES: The dollar, which fell sharply last week, declined to 108.69 yen from 108.96 yen late Monday. The euro fell to $1.2360 from $1.2383.
BITCOIN: The price of bitcoin fell 1.5 percent Monday to $10,987.84 , according to the tracking site CoinDesk. Bitcoin futures on the Cboe Futures Exchange fell 2.5 percent to $10,920.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (WFLA) – Police say a man in a wheelchair was struck and killed by a truck in St. Petersburg Friday.
The incident occurred at 1st Ave North and 55th Street North just after 3:00 p.m.
Police said the man was taken to the hospital where he died from his injuries.
The driver of the truck remained on the scene and is cooperating with investigators.
Traffic will be impacted for several hours as police investigate the incident. 1st Ave North is shut down between 54th Street North and 57th Street North until further notice.
No further details are available at this time.
Metal detetectorist Rik Jones, head chef at Devonshire Hall, part of the University of Leeds, tells us how he came across some Roman remains...
Quite a few years ago I was fortunate to get permission to search some land in Tadcaster close to the A1. The history in this area is great as lots of Roman and Medieval finds have been recorded.
I first searched an old horse paddock as there where crops on the fields and the grass was way to long to get anything, so we agreed to come back when the crops where off. Before I set off I scanned Google Earth to see if there were any old paths to start my search.
I soon got lots of signals but mostly where scrappy bits of lead and the odd worn copper coin. Then i noticed the land dipped down and as soon as I got there I had a nice crisp two way signal in my ear phones, I dug a hole and was delighted to find a third century roman bronze coin. I carried on in the area and managed to recover a small Roman brooch and nine Roman coins.
The finds I have recovered sometimes on my own or with friends have been a mixture of Celtic, Roman and Medieval but hardly anything modern, so shows the site must have been very busy years ago. I have 130 Roman coins getting recorded at the British Musuem by their Roman expert. Also found and recorded have been, lots of roman brooches in different designs, plus silver denarius, medieval hammered silver plus lots of different artifacts.
The most suprising thing was the majority of coins came from Emporer Constantine the Great. He ruled from the years 306 to 337AD.
This really is an amazing hobby and not only do you get exercise and fresh air, you also get to learn about the history of our British Isles.
If you have any land you would like searching, please email Rik on rikpj72@live.co.uk
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Post Office says it is investigating options following the shock closure of a village outlet.
The sudden loss before Christmas of Elton Post Office led to local politicians demanding action.
Elton ward borough councillor Stephen Smith (Lab) and Ellesmere Port and Neston MP Justin Madders joined forces to demand that immediate steps should be taken.
They argued the closure could leave some residents unable to pick up their pension over Christmas as the nearest available counters are several miles away.
The branch suddenly closed before Christmas without residents, the MP or the borough council being informed or consulted as would be the usual practice.
After several requests for comment from Mr Madders, a Post Office manager confirmed the branch was closed on a temporary basis due to a dispute between the landlord and tenant of the property.
The manager was unable to confirm when the branch would reopen and it was suggested that residents should use the Helsby , Wolverham or Ellesmere Port Asda branches instead.
This suggestion was met with anger by Mr Madders who said: “Even the closest of these three branches is almost three miles from Elton Post Office while the others are more than five miles away.
“A pensioner without access to a car from Ince or Elton would simply not be able to make this journey.
“It beggars belief that nobody from the Post Office bothered to tell anyone that this branch was closed.
“This facility is a lifeline to many people in the village and answers need to be provided about when it will reopen and what residents are expected to do in the meantime.”
Cllr Smith also called on the Post Office to take urgent action.
He said: “I know from speaking with local residents how vital these services are to them
“It is simply not good enough for Post Office managers to expect vulnerable people to travel many miles just to collect their pension or send post.
“We want to see this matter being treated with the highest possible priority. I am calling on the Post Office to urgently reopen this facility, we need action, not excuses.”
'We know how important services are'
A Post Office spokesperson said: “Following the withdrawal of the premises for Post Office use Elton Post Office has temporarily closed.
“We know how important Post Office services are to people in the area and we apologise to customers for any inconvenience caused. Any customers wishing to access Post Office services may do so from any convenient Post Office branch”.
These are said to include Helsby Post Office at 215 Chester Road, Helsby and Mickle Trafford Post Office at 2 Wells Close, Mickle Trafford.
The spokesperson added: “We would like to assure customers that we are currently investigating the options available which will enable us to reinstate a Post Office service to the local community.”
Of 1000 Christmas boxes distributed to whānau throughout Northland this last, only one had a golden ticket. Te Kāea was on hand to witness the lucky recipients of the box with the extra special gift that went to the Johnstone whānau.
Liza Jonestone says, "Awesome, its a blessing! Christmas, hey, you know- everyone needs an awhi (help) every now and again, aye."
Robert Johnstone says, "This is beautiful! This is a big surprise! Me and the mokos (grandchildren) get another fridge. You couldn't wish for anything better as a good Christmas present."
Randomly chosen, eleven members of the Johnstone whānau all live at their home in Kaikohe. Winning the golden ticket will allow them to claim a Haier fridge valued at $800.
Ms. Jonestone says, "You know there are eight mokos we have in our house so whatever freezer space we have, well. it's been a blessing. Yep, one of the highlights of our year anyway and I know the mokos are wrapped, they attacked those goodies pretty well so (laughs) there'll be nothing left for Christmas."
Northland is part of the Christmas Box project by Te Rau Matatini which takes place in six regions across New Zealand with the aim to alleviate some of the pressure felt by families during the holiday season.
Of Ngāti Pakau and Te Māhurehure, Eddie Morunga hails from Taheke Marae and took on the role of delivering the boxes to the mid-North and Hokianga districts, "It is getting bigger! It's the first time it's come this side of Whangarei I believe and, yeah, I can only hope it comes back next year."
Although Te Kāea was only reporting on the project, we received hugs and thanks from some very grateful mokopuna of the Johnstone whanau who wished us a Merry Christmas.
Robert Johnstone says, "I want to say a big thanks to them and my heart goes out to them. And oh I'm a happy fella and my mokos are all happy and the wife with the golden ticket."
Design is a very subjective thing, but in this battle it comes down to one question - do you like your tech to blend in or stand out?
Sony has gone for a rather bold statement in the A1. There's no visible stand, so it props itself up like a photo frame with a kickstand from behind. There's an ever-so-slight angle to the screen because of this, but it's not noticeable when you're sat in front of it. And because there's no stand, all that's staring back at you is a slab of pure OLED loveliness.
What is noticeable is the TV's larger footprint, which means the whole screen needs to be supported by a pretty large TV rack. It's sturdy enough that it'll stand being dangled over the edges of a smaller one, but that'll look a little ugly for something so driven by design.
The LG B7, on the other hand, is a little more understated. Leaving the fancy looks to its flagship cousin the W7 Wallpaper, it adopts a more traditional TV design, with a curved chrome stand and barely there bezel. Both screens measure no more than a few millimetres at their slimmest point, but the connections and speakers have got to be housed somewhere. LG does it by packing them all into the bottom half of its back panel out of the way, while Sony hides them cleverly in its kickstand.
While Sony's is a neater finish to look at, it's actually a touch chunkier if you were considering wall mounting it. Neither will sit flush to the wall, but the B7 will be better in this respect.
When it comes to connectivity, both TVs offer four HDMI inputs, all of which are HDCP2.2 compliant for 4K copy protection. However, a closer look shows us that only inputs 2 and 3 on the Sony are the latest HDMI 2.0 standard, which offers the bandwidth needed for a 4K higher frame rate (60fps for smoother 4K gaming and TV broadcasts) and 10-bit colour support for HDR.
All four of the LG's ports can boast this standard, so more of your kit will have access to the latest HDMI capabilities. HDMI 1.4 can be upgraded to 2.0 via a firmware update, but there are no promises this will happen with the A1 - it seems strange for it not to have been included from the get-go, if so.
Winner: LG B7
For its more accommodating design and slightly better connectivity options, the LG B7 wins this round
The two drives also promise better endurance, with even the 970 Evo officially supporting up to 1,200TB of written data. You'll still want a Pro drive if longevity matters most, though, since their 2-bit MLC flash memory enables roughly double the number of bytes written at the same capacity.
Both SSD models will be available worldwide on May 7th. As always, how much you pay depends on the model and capacity. The home-oriented Evo line starts at $120 for a 250GB drive with capacities of 500GB ($230), 1TB ($450) and 2TB ($850). The Pro series, meanwhile, starts at $330 for a 512GB variant and jumps to $630 for 1TB. These SSDs are still built for gaming PCs, pro workstations and other high-end machines where massive throughput is vital -- it's just that you're getting more power for your money.
MAGNITOGORSK, Russia — Alexis Lafreniere continued his impressive showing at the world men's under-18 hockey championship, scoring in overtime and adding an assist as Canada beat Sweden 3-2 on Tuesday.
Canada finished the preliminary round on top of Group A with 11 points from three regulation wins and one overtime victory. The Canadians will face the Czech Republic, the fourth-place finisher in Group B, in a quarterfinal game Thursday at Magnitogorsk's Arena Metallurg.
Lafreniere, a 16-year-old star of the Rimouski Oceanic in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League, has four goals and two assists in four games at the tournament, held in the Russian cities of Magnitogorsk and Chelyabinsk.
Raphael Lavoie and Chase Wouters also scored for Canada in Tuesday's win over previously unbeaten Sweden, which finished second in Group A with 10 points. Olivier Rodrigue made 29 saves.
Adam Boqvist scored both goals from Sweden while Olof Lindbom stopped 37 shots.
In other results Tuesday, Finland beat the Czechs 4-2, the United States routed Belarus 8-0 and Russia edged Slovakia 6-5 in a shootout.
Finland, which finished atop Group B with a perfect 12 points, will face Belarus in the quarterfinals, while Russia will take on the defending champion Americans and Sweden will face off against Slovakia.
Switzerland and France will play a three-game relegation series, with the loser replaced by Division I winner Latvia at next year's tournament.
Change text size for the story
Niagara Regional Police are searching for a suspect after a Thorold convenience store was robbed late Friday.
Police say the robbery occurred at 11:43 p.m., Friday, at Circle K convenience store, 207 Keefer Rd.
No one was injured in the incident.
The suspect is described as a white male, about 6' tall with a thin build, wearing a black mask, black pants and a black hooded sweatshirt with white lettering.
Anyone with information is asked to call police at 905-688-4111, ext. 4358.
Ryan Reynolds has said he is “heartbroken, shocked and devastated” after a female stunt driver was killed on the set of his film Deadpool 2.
The woman, whose name has not been released, died after a motorcycle crash during filming in Vancouver, Canada.
Reynolds, who plays the title character in the film, has now posted a message on Twitter, saying: “Today we tragically lost a member of our crew while filming Deadpool.
“We're heartbroken, shocked, and devastated… but recognise that nothing can come close to the grief and inexplicable pain her family and loved ones must feel in this moment.”
The actor, who was born in Vancouver, added: “My heart pours out to them — along with each and every person she touched in this world.”
A police officer examines a motorcycle (Darryl Dyck/AP) More
The first film was released in 2016 and the follow up is due to be released in 2018.
Bob Dorough, the jazz pianist, vocalist, and composer behind the music of Schoolhouse Rock!, has passed away. A spokesman for Dorough confirmed the news today, telling the Wrap that he died Monday at his home in Mt. Bethel, Pennsylvania. He was 94 years old.
Born in Arkansas and raised in Texas, Dorough fell in love with music after joining the band at his high school in Plainview, Texas. After spending three years serving in a special services army band unit as an arranger, clarinetist, saxophonist, and pianist, he studied composition and piano at the University of North Texas and then moved to New York City in 1949 to continue his studies at Columbia University.
Dorough soon abandoned academia to pursue a career as a professional jazz musician, performing at various clubs around the city, recording with Blossom Dearie, and playing in between sets by comedian Lenny Bruce. His first album as a bandleader, 1956's Devil May Care, attracted the attention of the legendary Miles Davis, and the two went on to record “Nothing Like You” and “Blue Xmas” together, both composed by and featuring vocals from Dorough.
In 1971, a New York advertising executive whose son was having trouble with math asked Dorough to set the multiplication tables to music. He ended up writing and recording “Three Is a Magic Number” and became the musical director of Schoolhouse Rock!, the educational cartoon series that originally ran from 1973-1985 on ABC before being revived for five years in the 1990s.
In addition to writing and performing for Schoolhouse Rock!, Dorough continued to record as both as a sideman and a bandleader. His most recent album, But for Now, was released in 2015. Revisit some of his work below.
This article originally appeared on Stereogum.
A company out of the UK called CLR CFF, introduced the world to a new, transparent, caffeinated cold drink.
It's the first of its kind in the world, and it's made from high-quality Arabica coffee beans, with some kind of treatment that's never been done before.
Right now its being sold for $7.50 for two 200-ml bottles… a bit pricey, but might save you money in the long run in teeth whitening products.
For more on this story click HERE.
(Image Source: clrcff.com)
Almost Done!
Please confirm your details below.
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate {* birthdate *} Gender {* gender *}
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *}
{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *}
By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account.
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.
{* backButton *}
{* /socialRegistrationForm *}
Goal of the Week | Fan Nominations via Twitter
Lend your voice to the AT&T Goal of the Week nomination process. You can nominate a goal by sending a tweet using #ATTGOTW and the player's name. View all goal clips
LOS ANGELES — Three-division world champion Vasyl Lomachenko has undergone surgery to fix a torn labrum in his right shoulder.
The two-time Olympic gold medallist from Ukraine hopes to return to the ring later this year, according to a statement Wednesday from his promoter.
Lomachenko (11-1, 9 KOs) had arthroscopic surgery at the Cedars-Sinai Kerlan-Jobe Institute in Los Angeles by orthopedic surgeon Neal ElAttrache.
Lomachenko says he hurt his shoulder during the second round of his 10th-round stoppage victory over Jorge Linares in New York on May 12 to defend his WBA lightweight title.
ElAttrache says Lomachenko had an “extensive” tear in his labrum along with cartilage damage, but the surgeon believes Lomachenko will make a full recovery.
Lomachenko initially planned to fight again Aug. 25, but won't make that date while recovering.
WASHINGTON — John Lackey is on the World Series champion Chicago Cubs' roster for their NL Division Series against the Washington Nationals.
Lackey was not among the starting pitchers that Cubs manager Joe Maddon had announced for the NLDS that begins in Washington on Friday night, so his status was in doubt. Lackey, a right-hander, has won three World Series titles, but he was only 12-12 with a 4.59 ERA this season for the NL Central champions.
Also in Chicago's bullpen, in a mild surprise, is left-hander Justin Wilson, who had a 5.09 ERA in 17 2/3 innings with the Cubs after arriving from the Detroit Tigers in a trade. But he also has this key career stat: Nationals second baseman Daniel Murphy is 0 for 6 against Wilson with three strikeouts.
The Cubs chose to go with two catchers instead of three, with Alex Avila backing up Willson Contreras. They kept Rene Rivera off the roster even though he came up big down the stretch, going 15 for 44 after Chicago selected him off waivers from the New York Mets in August. Outfielder Kyle Schwarber could catch in a pinch.
The Nationals also kept only two catchers, starter Matt Wieters and backup Jose Lobaton, while dropping Pedro Severino.
In the bullpen, Washington dropped right-hander Joe Blanton and kept a total of four lefty relievers, including Enny Romero and Sammy Solis.
Washington put two reserve rookie outfielders on the roster, 20-year-old Victor Robles and Brian Goodwin.
Robles made his big league debut Sept. 7 and has 24 career at-bats in the majors. Goodwin hasn't played for the Nationals since mid-August because he went on the disabled list with a groin injury.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
FARGO, N.D. — Matt Mooney scored 21 points, Triston Simpson and Nick Fuller 13 apiece and South Dakota fought off a furious second-half rally and beat North Dakota State 76-72 on Saturday.
Mooney had 18 points and hit all three of his 3-pointers to propel the Coyotes (20-6, 8-2 Summit) to a 44-24 halftime lead. South Dakota hit 7 of 12 from distance in opening up the 20-point advantage. But the Coyotes went cold in the second half, missing seven of their first eight shots, and two free throws by Deng Geu pulled the Bison (12-12, 4-5) within 52-42 with 12 1/2 minutes remaining.
Paul Miller scored 12 with two 3-pointers that began and ended a 14-6 spurt, and North Dakota State trailed 68-65 with 1:44 left. But Tyler Peterson scored seven straight for the Coyotes — four free throws and a 3-pointer — and Mooney made 1 of 2 free throws with six seconds to go to preserve the win. Peterson finished with 12 points.
Miller paced the Bison with 24 points, five rebounds and four assists, while Tyson Ward scored 11 with 11 rebounds for his sixth double-double of the season.
The personal-finance website WalletHub conducted an in-depth analysis of 2017's Economic Impact of Immigration by State.
In order to determine which states benefit most from immigration, WalletHub's analysts compared the 50 states and the District of Columbia across 18 key metrics, ranging from “median household income of foreign-born population” to “jobs generated by immigrant-owned businesses as a share of total jobs.”
Immigrants' Economic Impact on Connecticut (1=The Biggest Impact; 25=Avg.):
13th — % of Jobs Generated by Immigrant-Owned Businesses Out of Total Jobs
16th — Net Difference Between State & Local Revenues and Expenditures per Individual Immigrant
8th — Median Household Income of Foreign-Born Population
8th — % of Foreign-Born STEM Workers Out of Total STEM Workers
17th — % of Foreign-Born Population Aged 25 & Older with a Bachelor's Degree or Higher
10th — % of Fortune 500 Companies Founded by Immigrants or Their Children
10th — % of Jobs Created by Presence of International Students Out of Total Jobs
6th — Economic Contribution of International Students per Capita
For the full report, visit wallethub.com/edu/economic-impact-of-immigration-by-state/32248/
By DAVID PORTER
Associated Press
HIGHLAND PARK, N.J. (AP) - A federal judge has temporarily halted deportation proceedings against Indonesian Christians who are in the U.S. illegally but are seeking to gain legal status, including a man honored for his work helping to rebuild more than 200 homes after Superstorm Sandy.
The order Friday was issued by U.S. District Judge Esther Salas in Newark in response to a lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union and applies to Indonesians who have orders of removal dating to before 2009.
The order affects roughly 50 people in New Jersey who had identified themselves to Immigration and Customs Enforcement in 2009 as part of a program to obtain work authorization and stays of deportation, according to the ACLU and Seth Kaper-Dale, co-pastor of a church where some of the immigrants sought sanctuary.
The lawsuit came after several enforcement actions by immigration authorities in New Jersey that targeted Indonesian Christians and rekindled fears in a community that includes people who left Indonesia years ago to escape religious persecution.
Two men were arrested last month after they dropped their children off at school. Harry Pangemanan, who has been in the country since 1993 and lives with his wife and two daughters in central New Jersey, sought sanctuary at the Reformed Church of Highland Park, where he is an elder and where he spent nine months in 2012 under similar circumstances.
Two other men, Arthur Jemmy and Yohanes Tasik, already were living there to avoid detention.
Salas ordered both sides to file briefs over the next month.
A spokesman for ICE's Newark office didn't immediately return a message seeking comment.
Pangemanan has been staying in a room that doubles as a children's library at the church and had to move his belongings when the library is in use. His family joined him recently after their home was broken into and vandalized after his name was included in news reports.
"We are trying to stay strong as a family, take one day at a time," he said in an interview with The Associated Press last week. "You do your best today, do something useful, and tomorrow is in god's hands."
Pangemanan came to the country in 1993 on a tourist visa that was to lapse in five years, he said. His wife came in 1998 during a period of turmoil in Indonesia when Christians were being targeted. They cite that as one reason for not going back.
"A thousand churches were burned to the ground between 1996 and 2003," said Kaper-Dale, of the Highland Park church. "Some islands are safer than others, but it's too simple to say it's safe now."
Pangemanan concedes he didn't know enough about immigration law when he first arrived, and wasn't aware he had one year to apply for asylum. At the time, it didn't seem to matter.
"Nobody asked you, as long as you are a good man, you work hard and help your company, and you pay your taxes," he said. "You're working like everybody else, you don't bother anybody. Then everything changed after Sept. 11."
Working through the church after Sandy devastated the New Jersey coast in 2012, Pangemanan organized more than 2,000 volunteers, matching their skills with the needs of homeowners whose homes had been destroyed. He said he traveled to other areas of the country to perform similar work, including the Carolinas, West Virginia and Texas.
A system put in place after Sept. 11 required non-citizen men and boys from predominantly Arab or Muslim-majority countries to register and be photographed and fingerprinted.
Pangemanan and Jemmy said they complied, and have repeatedly tried to gain legal status since then, without success.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
GAINESVILLE, Fla. — Florida has hired Nick Savage as its director of strength and conditioning.
The Gators made the announcement Monday, making Savage the fourth assistant new coach Dan Mullen has brought with him from Mississippi State.
Savage spent the last four years in Starkville, including the last two as strength and conditioning coach. He replaced Rick Court following the 2015 season.
The 28-year-old Savage joins offensive assistants Billy Gonzales, John Hevesy and Brian Johnson as well as defensive co-ordinator Todd Grantham on Mullen's staff. Gonzales, Hevesy and Grantham worked with Mullen last season. Johnson previously worked under Mullen at Mississippi State.
Florida athletic director Scott Stricklin said last month that the strength program is the “backbone” of a successful football team because it “builds accountability.”
——
More AP college football: http://www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
Enjoy these delicious Coconut and Cherry Biscuits, with a gluten free adaption, perfect for the festive season.
Enjoy these delicious Coconut and Cherry Biscuits, with a gluten free adaption, perfect for the festive season. Donna Jones
INGREDIENTS:
125g softened butter
½ cup raw sugar
1e, lightly beaten
1 cup wholemeal S.R. Flour (We used Gluten Free S.R. Flour)
1 tsp grated Lemon Rind
½ cup wheatgerm (We used Quinoa Flakes)
¾ cup Coconut
12 Glace Cherries
METHOD:
Preheat oven to 160c (fan forced)
1. Beat butter and sugar - add egg - mix well and then sift in flour.
2. Add lemon rind, wheatgerm (quinoa flakes) and coconut and mix well.
3. Roll teaspoons of mixture into balls and place on greased trays and flatten slightly with a fork.
4. Place half a cherry on each biscuit and bake in moderate oven for 15 minutes.
8. Allow to cool on wire rack.
Makes approx. 24
SAN JOSE, Calif. — Nino Niederreiter was frustrated at losing the puck during overtime. Once he got it back, he wasn't going to let another opportunity pass.
Niederreiter scored 3:26 into the extra period and the Minnesota Wild beat the San Jose Sharks 4-3 on Sunday night after squandering a three-goal lead.
Eric Staal scored twice and Ryan Murphy added a goal as the Wild extended their winning streak over the Sharks to four games.
“It's always ideal when you can get a lead, especially on the road,” Staal said. “Special teams gave them a lot of momentum and they made some good plays but we stuck with it to get the two points.”
Tomas Hertl tapped in a loose puck for San Jose with five minutes left in regulation to tie it at 3.
Hertl's goal followed a furious Sharks attack that Wild goalie Alex Stalock was able to fend off until a shot from Dylan DeMelo bounced off his shoulder pads and into no man's land just above the crease.
“We faced a barrage in the third period,” Wild coach Bruce Boudreau said. “I think goalies like that as long as they're making the saves. It came out positive.”
Brent Burns scored twice for the Sharks, who had won five of seven.
“It's so crazy with a big comeback,” Burns said. “It got a little exciting out there and it was still a big point.”
Stalock made 31 saves in his first appearance against his former team. Martin Jones stopped 20 shots for the Sharks.
“That's the first time I've ever played against an old team,” Stalock said. “I have a lot of good friends. I can't wait to talk to Burnsie about the second goal. He ripped it but it moved like a knuckleball.”
The Wild, winners in four of their last five games, scored twice in the first 10 minutes. A series of sharp passes set up Murphy for a power-play goal just more than four minutes in. Staal sent a pass to Jason Zucker behind the net and he found Murphy for a 1-on-1 score.
Staal's first goal came after Ryan Suter recognized an advantage when Burns ran into Jones, knocking him off his feet. Suter delivered a pass to Staal, who easily fired it over Jones.
Early in the second period, Staal was able to push the puck through Jones' skates for a 3-0 Wild lead.
Burns got the Sharks on the scoreboard with a power-play goal during a two-man advantage late in the second period. Burns scored again on a power play with a slap shot from just inside the blue line midway through the third, his 12th multi-goal game.
NOTES: Sharks forward Jannik Hansen appeared in his 600th NHL game. … Burns has six points in his last three games, including three goals. … Murphy scored his first goal in 69 games. … Staal had his second multi-goal effort in five games. … Zucker has points in eight of his last nine games.
UP NEXT
Wild: Open a three-game homestand against the Calgary Flames on Tuesday.
Sharks: Begin a three-game road trip in Calgary on Wednesday.
——
More AP NHL hockey at https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
He made headlines in April 2013 when he said he was too busy to meet with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia during a visit to the city by Mr. Putin.
The move was widely seen as a snub over Russian legislation banning what it called gay-rights “propaganda.” Rainbow flags, symbols of the gay-rights movement, flew at half-staff around Amsterdam during the visit.
Soon after taking office, Mr. Van der Laan won respect for personally reaching out to parents of children abused by a pedophile in an Amsterdam day care center. He displayed a tough side by cracking down on youth crime and antisocial behavior.
This year, in an effort to weed out human traffickers in the city's renowned red-light district, he backed a proposal to empower prostitutes by allowing them to set up an official cooperative in which they could have a say about their work conditions. Prostitution is legal in Amsterdam.
In 2014 he ordered that the city begin changing the appearance of the Netherlands holiday character Black Pete over the next four years so that it would no longer be racially offensive. Black Pete, featured in the city's winter holiday pageant, had historically been a golden-earringed caricature of an African.
In a Facebook post, King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands hailed Mr. Van der Laan as “a driven mayor with a heart for his city and a fiery belief in a society to which everybody belongs.”
Mr. Van der Laan was born on June 28, 1955, in Leiden and studied law at the Vrije Universiteit in Amsterdam. In 1992 he was a founder of the law firm Kennedy Van der Laan.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
He is survived by his wife, Femke, and five children.
He announced he was stepping down in an open letter to Amsterdam residents in September. In closing the letter he wrote: “Take good care of our city and of each other. Farewell.”
In a video, dismayed city residents made promises to Mr. van der Laan about how they would take care of their city.
After the announcement, hundreds of people gathered outside his official residence, a historic canal-side mansion, and applauded him.
JEFFERSON HILLS, Pa. (AP) - Cincinnati Bengals receiver Tyler Boyd was charged Thursday with owning a vape pen containing the active ingredient in marijuana that police say was found when his friend crashed the NFL player's car near Pittsburgh in July.
Jefferson Hills police say Boyd, a former star at the University of Pittsburgh, lent his car to a friend who crashed it about 3 a.m. on July 12. Boyd wasn't in the car.
But police say they found an open bottle of cognac, an unopened bottle of peach vodka, and two vape pens and several unopened vape cartridges containing THC.
Boyd's attorney, Daniel Konieczka (koh-NETCH'-kah) says there "might be some factual confusion" over who owned the vape items. But police say Boyd acknowledged owning one of the vape pens.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Bull Sessions. Sign up for the SPIN newsletter and stay in the know.
Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Submit
Can Beyonce's twins arrive already so we can have world peace?
As it is now and from the rumours that made rounds yesterday, we're in between palpitations and may it not…
Read » Can Beyonce's twins arrive already so we can have world peace? on YNaija
This post was syndicated from YNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BOSTON (AP) - Terry Rozier's second act as an NBA starter was just as impressive as his first.
Rozier had a career-high 31 points and seven rebounds in his second career start, Jayson Tatum added a career-high 27 points and the short-handed Boston Celtics beat the Atlanta Hawks 119-110 on Friday night.
Rozier started in place of the injured Kyrie Irving. The third-year guard became the second player in league history with a triple-double in his first start, totaling 17 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists in Wednesday's blowout of the Knicks.
"Both (starts had) just the same feeling," Rozier said. "Just wanting to come out aggressive, do what I can on the offensive and defensive end. My teammates made it so easy for me because they play so hard. We just play hard collectively as a group."
Irving missed his second straight game with a right quad contusion that he suffered in Monday's win at Denver and was one of four Boston players who sat with injuries on Friday.
Rozier will soon have to yield his starting backcourt spot to Irving - and he's fine with that.
"Kyrie's probably one of my biggest supporters, outside of my family, through this little process," Rozier said. "I know he's happy for me, and when he comes back we're just going to pick it up."
Jaylen Brown scored 19 points and Al Horford had 17 with seven assists to help lead Boston to its fourth win in five tries.
Taruean Prince had a career-high 31 points and eight rebounds to lead the Hawks, who have lost five of six. Dennis Schroder added 25 points and Marco Belinelli had 15.
Trailing 55-53 at halftime, Boston opened a 19-point lead heading into the fourth quarter after outscoring Atlanta 41-20 in the third.
"They got off to a quick start (in the third)," Prince said. "We kind of lagged defensively. I can blame myself for that one. ... They were hitting a lot of good shots, too."
Rozier passed his previous career best of 23 points on a pair of free throws with 1:10 remaining in the third. He eclipsed 30 points with a 3-pointer at 6:10 of the final period. Irving is the only other Celtics player with a 30-point game this season.
Schroder's jumper with 7:19 left brought the Hawks within 10 at 103-93, but Atlanta wouldn't come any closer until the final minute with the game out of reach.
Atlanta led 32-26 after one quarter.
"Pretty good (first) half of basketball," Hawks coach Mike Budenholzer said. "It felt like we could have had more of a cushion. Six- to eight-point lead, and it's two at the half. Just a huge third quarter for them."
BLEEDING GREEN
Only 10 players suited up for Boston as Irving, F Marcus Morris (bruised left hip), Gs Shane Larkin (right knee soreness) and Marcus Smart (right hand laceration) were sidelined with injuries.
"It speaks a lot (about) the guys here," Horford said.
PRINCE ASCENDS
Prince was named as an injury replacement for Milwaukee's Malcolm Brogdon in the Rising Stars game during All-Star Weekend. Prince will join Hawks rookie forward John Collins on the U.S. team roster.
"Kind of excited, kind of relieved because I felt like I did enough work this summer to be able to be in the game from the jump, but God has his own route," said Prince, who is Atlanta's third-leading scorer, averaging 12.3 points per game. "That's the reason I had a little fire to me tonight."
GREG WHO?
The Celtics have not announced their reported signing of recently bought-out C Greg Monroe, but that didn't stop Morris from weighing in on the potential addition.
"I think that's a great pick-up for us," Morris said. "Veteran player, knows how to play the game, been around the league for a while, so I think he'd be an add to our size down low, (our) scoring ability."
TIP-INS
Hawks: Schroder played after being listed as questionable with a right shoulder strain. ... F DeAndre' Bembry (left adductor strain) missed his 20th straight game.
Celtics: All five Boston starters scored in double figures for the first time Dec. 23. ... Coach Brad Stevens said Irving is feeling "a little bit better" and is considered day-to-day. ... Morris said he will be questionable to play Sunday. ... Smart will likely miss an additional 10 to 14 days, Stevens said.
UP NEXT
Hawks: Complete a two-game trip Sunday against the Knicks.
Celtics: Host Portland on Sunday to wrap up a three-game homestand.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
(Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Sanchez, Ozil strike to end Arsenal away woes
Goals from Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil ended Arsenal's run of four successive away defeats with a scratchy 2-1 victory over struggling Middlesbrough in their Premier League clash on Monday.
The Gunners' performance was far from convincing but will still bring some relief to their beleaguered manager Arsene Wenger.
There was a period after Alvaro Negredo scored an equaliser when Middlesbrough, who have won only four league games this season, looked capable of going on to claim their fifth scalp.
Arsenal is new seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City with a game in hand, while Middlesbrough lie six points from safety and have also played one game fewer than most of the teams above them.
At least Arsenal's trip to Teesside began far more smoothly than their previous away game at Crystal Palace when they were caught in London traffic and arrived shortly before the kick-off.
They reached Middlesbrough's Riverside Stadium with plenty of time to spare, yet there was still a lack of direction on the pitch as they searched for a route to goal in the opening stages.
Wenger had made the sort of selection decisions that he usually reserves for cup ties against teams from lower divisions.
The French manager announced six changes from the team that lost 3-0 at Palace seven days earlier and, even more significantly, employed wing-backs alongside a defensive trio for the first time since 1997.
His tactical alterations did not provide instant results, although they did enjoy the bulk of the early possession and Olivier Giroud's claims for a penalty when he was floored by Daniel Ayala certainly had some merit.
Arsenal's attacking difficulties were not unexpected because Middlesbrough went into the game after conceding only 37 goals — two fewer than Wenger's under-performing side.
– Deadlock broken –
Marten de Roon headed past the Arsenal goalkeeper Petr Cech midway through the opening half, but was offside — Middlesbrough were unimaginative and with 42 minutes gone, they were behind.
A foul by Adam Clayton on the edge of the area was a gift for Sanchez, the Chilean star flighted his free-kick over the wall and inside the post.
It was his 19th Premier League goal of the season and only three fewer than the entire Middlesbrough team going into this game, so it was a surprise that the home side suddenly looked capable of producing a response in the second half.
Middlesbrough were immediately on the front foot and levelled inside five minutes after Sanchez lost possession.
The hosts broke quickly down the right through Stewart Downing, whose cross was missed by Laurent Koscielny before Negredo steered it past Cech.
Suddenly, the game burst into life, with Downing heavily involved. The former England winger wasted an excellent opportunity when George Friend's cross was allowed to reach him at the far post, then the pair combined again to carve out a chance for Ayala.
Downing's cross was headed back towards goal by Friend and Ayala looked certain to score before he directed his header too close to Cech.
Arsenal's response was impressive in the 63rd minute as Sanchez's through ball picked out Ozil, but goalkeeper Brad Guzan sensed the danger and did well to save at the feet of the German international.
However, the outcome was different in their next confrontation eight minutes later.
Sanchez was involved again with a cross that was chested down by Aaron Ramsey, leaving Ozil with the chance to drill Arsenal back in front from close range.
This post was syndicated from Breaking News, Nigeria News and World News – The Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A not-so-stationary bike takes to the Chattanooga streets for a good cause
If you like to exercise, ride a bicycle, work out at a gym, and participate in fundraisers for global charities, then mark July 22 on your calendar. The 2017 Mobile Gym Ride-A-Thon is the perfect way for you to accomplish all of these things at once.
Starting at the Creative Discovery Museum at noon, volunteers will ride a four-person art bike across Chattanooga, through downtown and the South side, to Rossville. Riders will be taking pledges to raise money for the Playing to Live Foundation, a charity that provides art therapy, play therapy, and psychological services to children in disaster areas.
The charity began in 2014 as a response to the Ebola epidemic in West Africa, and has since expanded to other areas. The event is being sponsored by a number of local businesses, to raise awareness about what is possible when small businesses join together to raise funds for a good cause.
So far, the sponsors are Campbell & Associates INC, Wizard Electric, Chattanooga Ink & Toner, Kickstand Bicycles, Chattanooga Motorcycle Collective, Bettieville, Dead Girlz Tattoo Studios, Red Bank Thrift Store, Sluggo's North Vegetarian Cafe, La Familia Mexican Restaurant, Grand Palace Chattanooga, and Creighton's Wildflowers Design Studio, and more are being added.
The Ride-A-Thon is centered around a 19-foot-long people-powered art bike that will be as fun to ride as it will be to see on the road. The machine weighs several thousand pounds and will be challenging to ride, so the volunteers will be taking turns. The sponsors are providing riders with refreshments and food, and friends and family are encouraged to join them to support and enjoy the spectacle.
The art bike is the creation of local sculptor Danny Reyes. Attendees of this year's Chattanooga Film Festival might remember his last project, a life sized cardboard tank that fired flower petals. In his work, Danny seeks to make art that is functional and thought provoking.
He tells us, “I like to create things that make people confused and happy at the same time. I can remember a few times when I was having a really bad day, and I saw some strange art that made me happy. It stuck with me. My goal is to do the same for someone else.”
It was with this spirit that he conceived of the quad-tandem art bike. “I thought it would be really fun for people to see stationary exercise bikes riding down the street. Here you have four things that don't move, but are designed to mimic a moving experience. I thought it would be something that would stick in people's minds.”
To make this dream a reality, Danny and a team of volunteers has taken four full body workout bikes (the kind with the moving handles) and attached them to a motorcycle chassis to create the world's first quadruple tandem mobile exercise bike. Taking four exercise machines that were never meant to move and making them into a vehicle was no easy task.
The exercise bikes had to be completely disassembled and retrofitted with bicycle sprockets to replace their flywheels. The machines were then welded together and attached to a motorcycle front end, while the back end was modified to have two wheels, for stability.
The four bikes were then connected with chains by veteran bike mechanic Jacobo Salazar Jr. of Kickstand Bicycles, whose technical expertise was invaluable to the team. Instead of spinning their individual flywheels, the exercise bikes will collectively spin one large gear that is attached to the two back wheels, causing the vehicle to move.
Danny explains his thought process further, saying, “I used to make things like crazy cars, just for the sake of making them, to freak people out and delight them. I made quite a few of these things, but never really made them public. I did it just for the sake of making something different, making cool weaponry, a Mad Max style winch truck, all for my own personal amusement.”
He continues, “Now I am doing things with a purpose, to help small business, and to raise money for charity. We are getting support from the community, so that we can give back at the same time as having fun. All of this is sponsored by locals, to show what small businesses from Rossville and Chattanooga can achieve together.”
To participate in the Ride-A-Thon, make a pledge, volunteer, donate, or sponsor the Mobile Gym, call Danny Reyes at (423) 704-0589 or Maria Zare at (865) 306-1306, shoot an email to mobilegym2017@gmail.com, visit them on Facebook @mobilegymrideathon, or head over to playingtolive.org
Home and Away's Olivia Fraser Richards mixes business with pleasure in upcoming episodes when she finally sleeps with Axel Boyd behind boyfriend Hunter King's back, following weeks of being chased by her professional partner.
Advertisement
Keen to keep his girlfriend away from sleazy Axel, jealous Hunter lines up a meeting with a rival company to see Olivia's fashion designs, but ends up jeopardising her entire career as it could put her in breach of the exclusivity clause in the contract with Mr Boyd and ruin her reputation.
Threatened with legal action, Olivia begs Axel for forgiveness and explains it was all Hunter's fault, driving an even wider wedge between the couple who have an explosive row.
At first Axel refuses to believe her and thinks Olivia's playing two rival labels off against each other, but eventually he sees how upset she is and the colleagues' conversation calms down, and goes beyond the professional and platonic…
Discussing how disappointed they are at the possibility of not working together any more, Axel turns on the charm about how he would've loved them to spend more time in each other's company and moves in for another kiss – but this time the passion escalates and the pair end up sleeping together.
Axel promises to smooth things over with his boss and save Olivia's contract and reputation, and wonders whether this was her motivation in going through with their steamy encounter. Is he making a correct assumption?
Back at home, Hunter apologises for his jealousy and jumping the gun and vows to make things right for his other half. During a moment alone, guilt-ridden Olivia breaks down as she reels from her betrayal. Will she tell Hunter she cheated on him? Or could Axel expose their indiscretion, and potentially ruin her career?
Advertisement
Home and Away airs these scenes the week beginning Monday 12 February and airs weekdays on Channel 5 at 1.15pm and 6pm.
Chelsea striker Michy Batshuayi scored twice on his debut for loan club Borussia Dortmund.
The Belgium international, aged 24, was allowed to leave Stamford Bridge to join the German side for the rest of the season after the Blues signed Olivier Giroud from Arsenal.
But Batshuayi has already raised questions about the decision to let him go. He made his debut in this evening's Bundesliga game against Koln and needed just 34 minutes to open his account.
He scored again in the second half to help his new side to a 2-3 victory.
Here is Batshuayi's first goal for Dortmund:
Michy Batshuayi = goals! ⚽️ It's only taken him 34 minutes to bag on his Dortmund debut pic.twitter.com/rcn9aIYoDx — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) February 2, 2018
And here is footage of both his goals:
"Holy goals, Batsman!" Do you think we'll see another from @mbatshuayi before the full 90 minutes are up? pic.twitter.com/6PoW9Qn5VJ — Bundesliga English (@Bundesliga_EN) February 2, 2018
GENEVA, N.Y. — A new state welcome centre is now greeting visitors to the Finger Lakes.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo formally opened the new facility Thursday. Located on Seneca Lake in Geneva, New York, the centre will provide tourists with information about local activities, sites and products. One of 11 new welcome centres around the state, the Finger Lakes location is the first to sell New York-made wine, cider and beer.
Cuomo, a Democrat, hailed the centre as another investment in the upstate tourism economy. He called the Finger Lakes “one of New York's greatest treasures” thanks to its recreational opportunities, picturesque lake setting and award-winning wines.
Two men rape 9-year-old boy, give him N100 in Borno
Two men, 24-year-old Musa and Abdul, 21, have reportedly raped a 9-year-old boy several times after luring him with with N100 in Gwange ward of Maiduguri, Borno State. The father of the boy, Malam Jubrin, revealed that the incident happened last month when he noticed that his son had money of no known source. Jibrin […]
Two men rape 9-year-old boy, give him N100 in Borno
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
“Let's get back to the business of why we are here,” she said.
Dr. Nassar sat with his head down, listening.
After he was removed from the courtroom, Mr. Margraves was placed in detention for possible contempt of court, but the judge later released him without charge, Jerri Nesbitt, the executive assistant of Eaton County Sheriff Thomas Reich, said by telephone.
Calls to several members of Mr. Margraves's family were not returned on Friday.
The hearing is based on a guilty plea by Dr. Nassar, the former U.S.A. Gymnastics and Michigan State University sports medicine doctor, in November to three counts of criminal sexual conduct, two of them against girls between the ages of 13 and 15, and one against a girl younger than 13, according to the plea deal.
We Want to Hear From You We'd like to hear from readers who have seen institutions and organizations develop novel responses to sexual harassment after #MeToo. Required fields are marked with an asterisk. Please name the settings where you have seen changes. * What changes have you noticed? Please be as specific as possible. * You have 250 words left. Continue We're very interested in the role that non-disclosure agreements, settlements and human resources executives play. What changes, if any, have you seen in those areas? You have 250 words left. Have you seen rising concern about harassment affect other gender issues, like hiring or promotion, pay equity or others? If so, tell us about it. You have 250 words left. Is there a harassment case in your community or workplace that has been difficult to resolve? Or is there a case that was taken more seriously because of increased emphasis on this issue? Tell us about it. You have 250 words left. What is your name? * First and last preferred, but we won't use it without checking with you first. Where do you live? * City and state or city and country preferred, please. What industry do you work in? * What is your email address? * We will not publish your email address. It will be used only by our journalists to contact you. By submitting to us, you are promising that the content is original, does not plagiarize from anyone or infringe a copyright or trademark, does not violate anyone's rights and is not libelous or otherwise unlawful or misleading. You are agreeing that we can use your submission in all manner and media of The New York Times and that we shall have the right to authorize third parties to do so. And you agree to our Terms of Service. Thank you for your submission.
Earlier, the judge had addressed statements this week by Shannon Smith, a lawyer for Dr. Nassar. Ms. Smith told radio station WWJ that she had a “very hard time” believing that Dr. Nassar could have assaulted more than 250 victims,” The Associated Press reported. She said it's “really unfortunate” if some girls stepped forward only because of all the attention in the last few weeks, the report said.
Judge Cunningham said before Friday's hearing started that she met with the lawyers on his team to address the remarks.
“He has disavowed those statements,” she said, adding they were not relevant to the sentencing hearing.
What is relevant, she added, is for the court to hear each individual story and how his actions affected their lives.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The plea agreement said the abuse occurred between September 2009 and September 2011. A sentencing memorandum said the abuse had taken place at Twistars Gymnastics Club, near Lansing, Mich., whose owner and coach, John Geddert, rose to prominence as an Olympics coach in 2012.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
More than 65 young women and teenagers were scheduled to give victim impact statements during the sentencing hearing, which started on Wednesday and resumed on Friday, after a one-day break. Judge Cunningham said the number of victims who had come forward was up to 265, some of whom chose to remain anonymous.
About 30 have shared statements as of Friday morning, and Dr. Nassar will be sentenced after all the victims speak. The plea agreement states the minimum sentencing range would be 25 to 40 years for each of the counts.
Last week, more than 150 young women and teenagers publicly confronted Dr. Nassar during a seven-day hearing in Ingham County Circuit Court, where he had pleaded guilty in November to seven counts of sexual assault.
Many of the young women and teenagers who spoke in the two courtrooms have told stories that have similar elements, including their abuse by a doctor they were referred to or instructed to see by coaches. Some said that nothing was done after they finally did come forward to report multiple incidents of the abuse, which stretches back decades.
The United States Olympic Committee said on Friday they had hired a law firm, Ropes & Gray, to determine when U.S.A. Gymnastics or the U.S.O.C. officials first became aware of any evidence of Nassar's abuse, what that evidence was and what they did with it.
On Friday, Valeri Liukin, the coordinator of the U.S. women's gymnastics team, said he had resigned, citing the stress of the job. His daughter, Nastia Liukin, won a gold medal for the team in 2008.
“I was truly looking forward to trying to turn this program around and bring success to our country and the gymnastics community,” he said in a statement. “But the present climate causes me, and more importantly my family, far too much stress, difficulty and uncertainty.”
M.S.U. is also under investigation by the N.C.A.A. and the state attorney general.
On Thursday, the Meridian Township, Mich. police chief, Chief Dave Hall, apologized to a young woman, Brianne Randall-Gay, for not seeking an outside opinion when she reported sexual abuse in 2004 by Dr. Nassar, who then defended himself to the police by presenting a stack of medical documents during the investigation.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. Randall-Gay was 17 at the time that she sought Dr. Nassar's help for her back.
Chief Hall, speaking in a news conference said that Ms. Randall-Gay would help with training and community outreach to help youth understand how to report criminal sexual conduct to the authorities.
“I was disappointed there were no charges filed,” Ms. Randall-Gay said, referring to the decision by the police to not pursue the investigation further after she first reported the abuse. “I felt like I was ignored.”
Dr. Nassar was not charged with sexual abuse of multiple athletes until 2016, after an investigation by the Indianapolis Star brought many of the accusations to light.
He has also been sentenced to between 40 to 175 years in the Ingham County case, and sentences of 60 years for a conviction related to child pornography.
RIO DE JANEIRO — Brazilian oil workers have begun a 72-hour strike on the heels of a crippling nationwide truck drivers' strike that has started winding down after 10 days.
The country's two main oil workers' unions say the strike was called to demand lower fuel prices and the resignation of Pedro Parente, president of state-owned oil company Petrobras.
The strike began Wednesday in defiance of Brazil's top labour court, which declared it illegal and said the unions will have to pay a daily fine of 500,000 reals (about $135,000).
According to the Oil Worker's Federation, the strike has halted production at refineries in six states.
Petrobras said in a statement that contingency teams were operating production units where the strike prevented shift changes from taking place.
ISO, aperture, AV, TV, huh? That doesn't looks like a TV to me. Oh what do they all mean! Which way do I twizzle this knob? Oh blinzkis! I can see only black. Oh right, the lens cap is still on.
If that all sounds like a typical conversation every time you're handed a DSLR then the 800D might just be the answer.
Canon's long had an app which offers users tips and tutorials to help them master photography, but it's not always convenient to whip out your phone, fire up the app and start tapping in your ISO questions as the sun goes down. Especially when you're trying to hold a camera at the same time.
The solution, according to Canon, is taken the best bits from the app and put them in the camera itself, then call the whole thing the User Guide Mode. The 800D defaults to this mode, meaning that you'll be shown handy tips on the screen as you shoot.
It's a trick that Nikon has also tried in its entry-level cams, and while we don't need that kind of help ourselves, obviously, we can see how beginners might find it incredibly reassuring in use. Canon's version of it certainly looked impressive in our brief time with the camera. The instructions are clear, with plenty of simple graphics to help illustrate the points, and don't get bogged down too much in jargon.
How useful they are will depend on your current level of expertise, but if you already know it all then maybe the 800D isn't the camera for you anyway.
LEEDS RHINOS had to endure some unnecessarily anxious moments before completing a perfect Easter with a 42-22 home win over Betfred Super League's bottom club Widnes Vikings.
Rhinos scored 30 points in the first half for the second time in four days, following the 52-24 Good Friday win at Hull.
Hooker Matt Parcell touches down. PIC: Steve Riding
They were 12-0 ahead after just seven minutes and 18 points clear at the break and in total control. The game seemed to be petering out after half-time, but three Widnes tries in eight minutes cut the gap to eight points and suddenly Leeds were in a dogfight.
Kallum Watkins' second try finally ended Widnes' fightback seven minutes from time and in the end it was a good win for Leeds, in the circumstances, though not as comprehensive as it should have been.
Overall it was a good advert for not having double-headers.
As expected, Rhinos were without Ashton Golding (hamstring) and Liam Sutcliffe (concussion) from the team which won at Hull.
Centre-turned-stand-off Joel Moon find the try line - yet again. PIC: Steve Riding
Ash Handley, normally a winger, made a surprise return from a knee injury suffered playing on dual-registration for Featherstone and came in at full-back.
After making his comeback from a hamstring problem as a substitute at Hull, Stevie Ward was moved into the starting line-up out of position at centre.
That allowed Joel Moon to continue in the halves. It was a selection which angered some fans, given that Jordan Lilley, who was in the initial 19, could have come in at scrum-half.
But it made sense as Leeds' attack has been transformed since Moon moved into the pivots.
Moon had another good game, in his developing partnership with Danny McGuire and scored a brace of tries – his second of the Easter weekend – in the opening 40.
Ward is not a specialist centre, but he's a strong defender and smart enough as a player to slot in there.
Early in the second half Ward went off, so Moon reverted to centre and Rob Burrow went into the halves. Rhinos' attack was much less effective after that. They scored five tries in the first half and two – late on – after the break.
Following his successful return off the bench on Good Friday, Keith Galloway started in the front-row, swapping places with Mitch Garbutt.
Josh Walters, who, like Handley, was not in the initial squad, returned to the side on the bench.
Jack Walker, a full-back from the under-19s, warmed up as 18th man. Leeds were without Jimmy Keinhorst and Carl Ablett, – due to undergo knee surgery on Tuesday – opwing to injury and Brad Singleton and Brett Ferres were suspended.
Jack Ormondroyd made his return from injury for Featherstone on dual-registration and is presumably now in contention for Friday's Ladbrokes Challenge Cup tie against Doncaster.
It is embarrassing for Leeds – back-to-back winners in 2014 and 2015 – to be entering the competition a round earlier than most of their rivals.
But while eight of the top flight face a third tough game in a week – or a little more – Leeds will have an opportunity to rest some weary bodies when they face Kingstone Press League One part-timer.
The loss of in-form forward Anthony Mullally (suspected broken ribs) in the opening period was a blow, but Jordan Baldwinson got more game time that usual off the bench and coach Brian McDermott was able to bring Burrow on before the break and give Matt Parcell a breather.
Widnes' side included six players who had not featured in their defeat by Warrington Wolves last Thursday and that may be why they seemed to find extra energy in the second half.
They were poor for the opening 57 minutes, but showed lots of spirit and some good skill during their rally and emerged from the game with some credit.
Leeds were in control throughout the first half. On six minutes Tom Gilmore one of Widnes' better players along with Jack Buchanan, hoofed the ball out on the full and in the resulting set McGuire kicked towards the posts and Kallum Watkins made an excellent catch to scoot over for a try which he also converted.
In the next set McGuire kicked again and this time the ball bounced up, hit the crossbar and rebounded straight to Parcell, who was in the right place to give himself a walk-in.
The conversion was successful and Adam Cuthbertson was held up over the line by Corey Thompson and Jordan Johnstone before Widnes next held possession.
Leeds have been going for goal from penalties this season, but back-to-back opportunities in front of the posts on 16 minutes.
They were looking to apply a killer blow and it worked as Moon stepped over brilliantly from Cuthbertson's pass and Watkins' third goal made it 18-0. Buchanan knocked on trying to force his way over before Widnes got on the scoresheet through Gilmore, who dummied over on 24 minutes for a try which he also converted.
Two minutes later Leeds had the feed at a scrum just inside Widnes' half. Ward's offload found Moon and he sent Ryan Hall speeding down the left-wing before taking a return pass to cross for his second.
Watkins converted off a post and landed his fifth goal soon afterwards after some quick thinking by Tom Briscoe, who went down to blindside from acting-half after Burrow had been pulled down just short. A couple of early breaks came to nothing and Leeds seemed happy to amble through the second half.
They almost paid the price. Widnes opened the second half scoring 17 minutes in when Gilmore skipped past Jamie Jones-Buchanan from Jordan Johnstone's pass after a penalty in front of the posts.
He also converted and three minutes later was heavily involved as Widnes cut the gap further.
Gilmore's kick was off-loaded by Owen Farnworth to Chris Houston and the half-back added a third goal to make it 30-18.
With 15 minutes left Thompson went in for an unconverted try and Widnes suddenly realised they were in with a genuine chance.
Aided by a string of penalties – two of which came on the last tackle and led to tries – they dominated field position and possession and Leeds looked very vulnerable.
Going into the final 10 minutes a penalty relieved the pressure and Leeds made their first real sight of the Widnes line count as Watkins went over from McGuire's pass.
Another penalty two minutes from time led to the last try, on the final play of the game, Parcell darting over off a one-two with Cuthbertson
Watkins completed the scoring with his seventh conversion.
Rookie referee Scott Mikalauskas was in charge of a Leeds game for the first time.
The 18 penalties were shared (5-4 to Rhinos in the first half).
The 6-year old boy whose battle against cancer touched the community and made national news when he softened even Joey Votto's gruff heart passed away early Friday.
Walter "Superbubz" Herbert spent his days at his Fairfield home surrounded by his parents, Wally and Emily Herbert, and other family and close friends.
Superbubz fought a 2-year battle against neuroblastoma, one of the more common forms of childhood cancer.
The boy's story and his family's strength inspired others to rally around them to help.
His parents wanted to give him every opportunity to experience as many fun events as possible as they enjoyed their final weeks together.
Superbubz, who said he really preferred to be called "Walter," won hearts across the Tri-State - including those of Cincinnati professional athletes.
He met with the Cincinnati Bengals and served as honorary team captains for the Cincinnati Reds and FC Cincinnati, walking out onto the field with players before the game as the crowd chanted "Superbubz! Superbubz!"
His story gained national attention when Votto, the Cincinnati Reds first baseman, gave him a home-run bat and jersey right off his back during a game.
Superbubz finished 12 grades in two days to receive his high school diploma at Fairfield High School last month.
He left an indelible mark on pretty much everyone he came into contact with as he experienced as many of life's joys and landmark moments as he could.\
"Some people pop into your life & leave a lasting impression," wrote Colerain High School Football Coach Tom Bolden in a Tweet Friday morning.
"Superbubz did that for my boys, coaches and myself. Rest in peace my friend."
Overnight we lost a teammate: Superbubz, Our Honorary Captain & inspiration passed away after his battle with cancer. An angel got his wings pic.twitter.com/wmnvnA8Jjl — Colerain Football (@ColerainFtball) October 6, 2017
Superbubz's bravery was rewarded by the Hamilton County Sheriff's Office and Cincinnati Police when he was declared an honorary chief for a day.
"The things that these officers have done for him today, I haven't seen him this energetic in a long time. He's super excited," his father said at the time.
Superbubz became sick without warning when he was just 4 years old.
His mother, Emily Herbert, said he was fine one day and then developed a sudden limp.
Concerned he may have inadvertently hurt his foot or leg, she took him to the doctor. That led to a battery of tests resulting in his stunning cancer diagnosis a few days later.
The Herbert family has a fundraiser to help with medical costs. Click here to donate.
Previous stories:
Terminally ill boy meets Bengals at practice: 'Win the game'
'Superbubz' presented diploma after finishing 12 grades in 2 days
Terminally ill child, 6, to receive high school diploma, attend Bengals practice
Support grows for 'Superbubz': FCC, Bengals honor terminally ill boy, 6
'Superbubz' gets special visit from Santa Claus
'Superbubz' loses pinkie finger in surgery but still 'crushed some pizza
Terminally ill 6-year-old boy becomes honorary police officer
Terminally ill boy meets his favorite hero, Batman
Copyright 2017 WXIX. All rights reserved.
No school on Monday, Oct. 9, in observance of Columbus Day.
Frenchtown School
Frenchtown is proud to offer our very own KINDNESS Club. Thirty-five students in grades K have enrolled and will participate on the first Thursday morning of each month from 7:30-8:15 a.m., in the Learning Commons. Students in the KINDNESS Club will participate in acts of kindness to our school, community and beyond. There will be a different theme each month.
Friday, Oct. 13, will be our next Fathers' Club Movie Night. Be on the lookout for the flyer announcing the movie to be shown.
Grades K, 1 and 2 will participate in Fire Prevention activities on Tuesday, Oct. 17. They will watch a short video, visit the fire trucks and see the firemen's turnout gear.
Our PTA Halloween party will be held on Friday, Oct. 27. Flyers with more information will be sent home shortly.
Monday, Oct. 30, will be a legal day dismissal at 1 p.m., for afternoon conferences. No lunch will be served. Conferences are by appointment only and sign-ups are online.
Frenchtown is once again enrolled in the Stop and Shop A+ program which begins Oct. 6, and runs through March 15, 2018. Frenchtown's ID # is 06238. You can register your card now with your 13-digit Stop & Shop card number found on the back of the card. Visit stopandshop.com/aplus and select register your card, located in the red box on the right. Follow the prompts to complete the registration. Any questions, call Frenchtown and ask for Mrs. Weiss.
We are collecting Box Tops for Education. Please send in your box stops to earn money for Frenchtown.
We are enrolled in the ShopRite for Education program. Our school code is 49972 and we earn points towards free educational equipment. The program runs from Oct. 1, llthrough April 26, 2018. Enroll at shopriteforeducation.com. Shoppers must renew their registrations each year. Local ShopRite's that participate are in Bristol, East Haven, Hamden, Manchester, Milford, Orange, Stratford, Wallingford and West Haven.
Infinity War is the biggest movie Marvel has ever made, but it overcomes some bloating issues to be a brilliant blockbuster
Looking back after watching Avengers: Infinity War, it's almost quaint how big the original Avengers film seemed when it assembled onscreen in 2012.
Advertisement
FOUR different superhero franchises united in one film, as well as extra characters like Nick Fury, Black Widow and Hawkeye? PLUS a whole army of villainous aliens? At the time, superhero (or frankly, any blockbuster filmmaking) didn't get bigger or better.
How naive we were. Nowadays a mere four-film crossover could be cracked out before breakfast by Marvel studios, and newly-released sequel Avengers: Infinity War features more clashing superhero franchises in the first 10 minutes than the original film managed in its entire runtime.
There's Doctor Strange, Spider-Man, Black Panther, Guardians of the Galaxy, Captain America, Iron Man and Thor – and despite all its epic battles, tender moments and shocking twists (as well as a few surprise cameos and a frankly INCREDIBLE post-credits scene), the way Infinity War manages to juggle this mammoth cast is probably its most impressive achievement, and fascinating to watch.
The superhero surplus is managed by splitting various characters off into mini-teams while others are benched from the action prematurely or entirely (there's no sign of Jeremy Renner's Hawkeye and Paul Rudd's Ant-Man, but a plausible reason is given) and in general more or less every character is given something significant to do.
Mixing up the teams brings some pleasant surprises – a Thor/Rocket Raccoon team-up is a must for any future Thor sequel, while Dave Bautista's Drax the Destroyer steals every scene he's in – and gives the story a sense of scale lacking in the previous two Avengers films, following our heroes around the universe as they battle Thanos (Josh Brolin) on multiple fronts to prevent him getting his hands on the powerful Infinity stones.
This multi-perspective approach also highlights the MCU's strongest elements, reminding audiences easily why they fell in love with the world of Wakanda back in February and making my heart yearn for the next Guardians of the Galaxy film with a passion I wasn't aware I had.
Trust me – if you've enjoyed any aspect of the last 10 years in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Infinity War will have something for you, and a lot of that is down to how it manages its stable of superheroes.
But nothing's perfect, and of course the cast-juggling isn't always entirely successful. A few characters, most notably figures like Sebastian Stan's Bucky, Anthony Mackie's Falcon and Scarlett Johansson's Black Widow, don't get very much to do, while the weighty task of including pretty much everyone means that Infinity War also abandons parts of its story for long stretches of the runtime.
There's also a sense that, with so many characters to visit, the story slightly rushes towards its conclusion, though given that Infinity War has a sequel released next May there was always going to be a slight lack of conclusion when the end credits rolled.
And in general, perhaps this impefection is to be expected. Nobody has attempted anything close to the scale of Infinity War in cinematic history, drawing on a decade of movie background and dozens of main characters, all of whom need to see their stories develop and change while remaining true to the core identity established in their own franchises.
Prestige shows like Game of Thrones manage a huge cast, but have around 7- 10 hours a year to tell their stories in. Infinity War has to do something similar, with a greater sense of spectacle, in a (comparatively) mere 2 hours and 40 minutes, and it's to the credit of directors Joe and Anthony Russo that it works as well as it does.
In other words, it would be completely impossible to make a film that could perfectly balance 20-plus superheroes – Justice League struggled with six – so it's incredibly impressive just how good Infinity War manages to be.
Without giving anything away, as Avengers: Infinity War draws to a close the stage is set for a truly thrilling finale next year, truly establishing the stakes of the threat the Avengers face while also providing a hint of exciting new team dynamics sure to have fans on the edge of their seats in the future.
After seeing how well they balanced things this time, I'll be back again without question – even if I do still need a cheat sheet for who exactly all the different people in sparkly costumes are.
Advertisement
Avengers: Infinity War is released in UK cinemas on the 26th April
WASHINGTON (WHTM) – Toys “R” Us is recalling Bruin Infant Wiggle Ball toys because the rubber knobs and plastic back can detach and pose a choking hazard to infants.
The Consumer Product Safety Commission says the retailer has received six reports of the rubber knobs breaking off, including four reports of the pieces found in children's mouths.
The wiggle balls, also called giggle balls, vibrate and play three different musical tunes. The recalled toys have model number 5F6342E and Toys “R” Us printed on the product.
The balls were sold exclusively at Babies “R” Us and Toys “R” Us stores from June 2016 through January 2017 for about $13.
The safety commission says parents should take the toys away from babies and return them to Babies “R” Us or Toys “R” Us for a full refund.
Taylor Swift's allegation that a former morning radio host reached under her skirt and grabbed her backside during a photo session is bringing attention to a common but largely hidden outrage for many women.
Taylor Swift's allegation that a former morning radio host reached under her skirt and grabbed her backside during a photo session is bringing attention to a common but largely hidden outrage for many women.
(AP Photo/David Zalubowski). Ryan Kliesch, a Denver radio host, emerges from the federal courthouse after testifying in the civil trial involving pop singer Taylor Swift, Friday, Aug. 11, 2017 in Denver.
(AP Photo/David Zalubowski). Ryan Kliesch, a Denver radio host, emerges from the federal courthouse after testifying in the civil trial involving pop singer Taylor Swift. Friday, Aug. 11, 2017 in Denver.
(AP Photo/David Zalubowski). Attorneys for pop singer Taylor Swift, Douglas Baldridge, left, and Jesse P. Schaudies, Jr., are surrounded by photographers as they enter the federal courthouse for the morning session in the civil trial.
(AP Photo/David Zalubowski). Tree Paine, right, publicist for pop singer Taylor Swift, walks with the singer's brother, Austin Swift, out of the federal courthouse after a ruling in the civil trial for the singer.
DENVER (AP) - Lawyers are expected to make closing arguments Monday in a trial over allegations that a former radio host groped Taylor Swift backstage before a 2013 Denver concert.
The former DJ alleges in a competing federal lawsuit that the star's mother and radio liaison set out to destroy his career.
A federal judge ruled Friday that former DJ David Mueller did not prove Swift personally tried to end his career.
But identical allegations against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell are expected to go to jurors.
Mueller sued the three after Swift's team reported the 2013 encounter to his bosses. He's seeking up to $3 million, saying the allegation cost him his job.
Swift countersued for a symbolic $1. The jury will also consider her assault claim.
She called the encounter despicable.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
(AP Photo/Ryan Kang, file). FILE - This Sept. 11, 2016 file photo shows Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Chad Bettis working against a San Diego Padres batter during the first inning of a baseball game in San Diego. Bettis will complete his comeback f...
By MICHAEL KELLYAssociated Press
DENVER (AP) - The Colorado Rockies are thrilled to see Chad Bettis back on the mound after cancer treatment. The prospect of the right-hander helping them in a playoff push, that's a bonus.
Bettis was set to start Monday night at Coors Field in his first major league game since being diagnosed with testicular cancer in November. After undergoing surgery and chemotherapy, he was ready to pitch against Atlanta.
"It's really cool with all the stuff he's been through he's back here and ready to go," teammate Jon Gray said. "I can't wait to see him compete."
The 28-year-old discovered a lump on his testicle last fall and underwent surgery to remove one of his testicles. He passed subsequent follow-up screenings and was healthy enough to report springing training. But a regular screening on March 10 led to a biopsy being done, which revealed the cancer had spread to his lymph nodes.
Bettis underwent nine weeks of chemotherapy but kept up his conditioning throughout. He was sent on a minor league rehab assignment July 13 and worked his way back to the rotation, much to the pleasure of his team.
"Everyone loves him," third baseman Nolan Arenado said. "He tries to help. I always see him in the video room trying to help the young guys. He's just a great teammate."
Bettis' return is expected to be emotional but the Rockies are hoping he can boost the staff. He led Colorado in starts (32), wins (14) and innings (186) last season. His best outing was a two-hit shutout against San Francisco on Sept. 5, and he was expected to anchor a young rotation this season before being diagnosed with cancer.
He comes back to a team holding onto the second NL wild card spot. Colorado was 21 games above .500 in June but has gone 18-26 since, so getting Bettis back gives the Rockies a chance to strengthen the rotation.
"This is a pitcher, when he's throwing well, will have an impact on the game every time he takes the mound," manager Bud Black said. "He wants to be a part of this and make a contribution."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TORONTO — The Raptors are hosting, but supporters of the Maple Leafs and Toronto FC will be welcome to Wednesday's party at Air Canada Centre on a dream night for Toronto sports fans.
The arena's Maple Leaf Square, also known as “Jurassic Park” when showing Raptors games, will host a joint tailgate party night as three of its teams compete in crucial playoff games, Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment announced Tuesday.
The Raptors will host the Washington Wizards in Game 5 of an NBA Eastern Conference quarterfinal, with the series tied at two games apiece. As the host team, the Raptors game will be broadcast on the main screen outside the arena.
However, with hockey's Maple Leafs in Boston for Game 7 of their first-round series with the Bruins and soccer's Toronto FC in Guadalajara, Mexico, for the second leg of their CONCACAF Champions League final with Chivas, MLSE took on the “logistical challenge” of accommodating fans of all three teams.
Screens will be set up in the northwest section of the square to carry the Maple Leafs game, while another screen will show TFC try to come back against Chivas. The Mexican side beat Toronto 2-1 in the first leg last week at BMO Field.
“It's a fun city when the teams are in the playoffs. The city really comes together,” Leafs defenceman Jake Gardiner said Tuesday. “You look outside the building last night, it's fun to see everyone so excited and behind you.”
Fans attending the tailgate party should expect increased security, including road closures around Air Canada Centre, after Monday's deadly van attack in north Toronto. Major roads near the arena were closed for Monday night's Game 6 between the Leafs and Bruins, and police have told fans via Twitter to expect similar measures on Wednesday.
While Maple Leaf Square has drawn huge crowds for Leafs or Raptors playoff games for years, conflicts between the teams are extremely rare. In fact, prior to last year, the two teams had not been in the post-season at the same time since the square opened in 2010.
Last year there was only one conflict, when Game 2 of the Maple Leafs' first-round series with Washington fell on the same night as Game 1 of the Raptors' Eastern Conference quarterfinal with Milwaukee. The Raptors got control of Jurassic Park that night, as MLSE had decided the team playing at home would get exclusive use of the square in the event of a conflict.
This year, not only is a conflict happening between the Leafs and Raptors when the stakes are higher, but TFC battling in playoff soccer in the spring for the first time in team history has created a perfect storm of sports buzz in Toronto.
On top of the action at Maple Leaf Square, the Toronto Blue Jays will be hosting the rival Boston Red Sox in the second of a three-game series, and Toronto FC will be holding a viewing party of its own at BMO Field. The team says screens showing the Raptors and Leafs games will also be available.
Players and coaches have generally said there is no competition between the Toronto teams of the hearts and minds of the city's sports fans. Cross-promotion is common with one ownership group controlling the bulk of the city's major clubs. Leafs coach Mike Babcock recently showed up at a Raptors game dressed head-to-toe in the team's gear.
“Of course, the Raps are doing well,” Leafs goaltender Fredrik Andersen said Tuesday. “We're both trying to make the city proud.”
Toronto FC head coach Greg Vanney said this solidarity is especially important after Monday's attack. He said from Guadalajara that the team watched Monday's Leafs versus Bruins game in their hotel.
“And I think for the first time in the history of Mexico all three TVs in the sports bar were on the hockey game Â­ — or on a hockey game — and I thought it was a pretty inspiring performance from the Leafs last night, ” he added.
“They really laid it out there. I think in these times the best we can do in our roles, in our positions, does go give everything we can and try to make it as happy an occasion, a night, as we possibly can and give people a couple of hours to forget about some of the things or lighten up some of the things that may be hanging over them.”
— With files from Neil Davidson and Dan Ralph
Around 20 of the Mounted Rifles Regiment joined the Kaikōura dawn ceremony this morning, their sheer presence giving that special touch to the occasion.
Multiple friends and family members in Seoul told me enthusiasm for the Olympics still felt lukewarm in the city. They wondered if more people would get excited once the events began.
Photo
I hopped on a train to Gangneung — a seaside city famous in Korea for its beaches, seafood and tofu — where many of the indoor ice events will be held. I was driven to the media village by a volunteer from Seoul, who played ABBA's Greatest Hits in the car while peppering me with questions in Korean about the United States.
We passed the Olympic Village, a cluster of cream-colored high rises on the outskirts of the city. Italian and Japanese flags hung outside the windows of the complex. On Friday, an enormous North Korean flag emerged outside one of the windows, too — a significant sight, given that it is normally illegal to fly a North Korean flag in the South.
I checked into my room — a cozy studio with heated floors and a balcony looking out toward the nearby mountains. There were no hints of the horror stories of Sochi, where visitors landed in rooms without toilets or locks on their doors or actual doors, or with other visitors sleeping in their beds.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Then I took a 35-minute trip to Pyeongchang in an empty bus. It was bone-chillingly cold in the mountains where the outdoors events will be held and temperatures have been hovering in the teens all winter. At the entrance of the main press center, eight young security guards in black bubble jackets joked around with one another and doodled in notepads.
A row of restaurants down the road has been catering to the first trickle of foreign visitors. In one establishment serving Japanese comfort food, a young cook in a white apron who spoke some English was repeatedly summoned to the dining room to help the waitresses communicate with the foreign customers wearing news media badges.
Communication can be an obstacle at every Olympics, and many businesses in Gangneung and Pyeongchang spent the previous months updating signs and menus to include some English.
In a small commercial district that sits between the media village and athlete accommodations, a woman sold hot snacks from a red, roadside tent. Some items, like lamb and chicken skewers, were advertised in English; others, like Korean fish cakes, were left untranslated.
In a nearby hole-in-the-wall restaurant on Friday afternoon, groups of media members from Japan, China and Korea cheerfully scarfed down bowls of pork bone stew. I squeezed in between them and ordered one of my own. The bowl was plopped down in front of me enveloped in a plume of steam. The biting cold suddenly seemed far away.
"There's obviously a lack of respect for life if you could take it so easily"
EastEnders star Davood Ghadami has given his thoughts on the surge in knife crime across the UK. Scenes to be shown on the BBC1 soap this Friday will see his character Kush bury brother Shakil following a fatal stabbing. Asked at a screening of the episode as to why teenagers felt compelled to carry knives, the actor said:
Advertisement
“It's very difficult, but there has to be a way to connect with young people to find out why. There's obviously a lack of respect for life if you could take it so easily. Maybe people don't see their own lives as important, so we need to look into that.
“Maybe there's a cultural problem in big cities where your identity is to carry a knife. And if everyone else is doing it, then why can't I? But this has to be put back to the grassroots – we at EastEnders can't claim that this episode is going to suddenly change everything. And I don't think there's a single answer to it. But the more it's highlighted, the more people will ask this question. So hopefully we will get an answer.”
Statistics published earlier this week by the Met Police revealed that there have been 1,296 stabbings in London up to the end of April, with 51 proving to be fatal. Knifings in the capital are now at their highest level in six years, with a 23 per cent rise on the previous year.
This Friday's episode of EastEnders will see Shakil's funeral accompanied by testimonies from real-life families whose lives have been affected by knife, a move that Ghadami's co-star Bonnie Langford (Carmel Kazemi) hopes will provoke discussion.
“We're not being preachy,” said the actress. “But the thing about EastEnders is that a lot of families watch it together. So you've got a range of ages. And it'd be nice to think that perhaps those different ages will be able to step into other people's shoes and think, ‘maybe I need to approach things in a different way.'”
Added Ghadami: “If it starts a conversation in the living room, then hopefully it'll make people think twice about picking up a knife before they go out. What people see on TV does have the power to do that.”
Advertisement
Visit our dedicated EastEnders page for all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.
ALBANY, Ohio — Same score, different site.
That's because, for the second time this soccer season, the Alexander Spartans shut out the Gallia Academy Blue Devils 7-0 in a non-league tilt.
On Thursday night, the host Spartans completed the season sweep — having also won by the exact same count at Gallia Academy's Lester Field on Sept. 16.
In the return bout, Alexander scored three first-half goals and four second-half tallies, as only the opening goal of the second half — by Eric Mansfield — was assisted.
Austin Shields scored the game's initial marker with 16 minutes and 42 seconds remaining before halftime, as Michael Norris notched the next three goals — including the last off Mansfield's assist — to make it 4-0 with 27-and-a-half minutes to play.
Norris netted his other two goals at the 4:17 and 1:26 points of the first stanza.
Shields scored his second goal just a minute-and-a-half after Norris completed his hat trick, as Luke Foster found the net with 20:55 remaining to make it 6-0.
Finally, with exactly two minutes left, Tyler Fritchley finished off the scoring — and the second 7-0 Spartans' decision over the young Blue Devils.
The loss left Gallia Academy at 1-10-4, as the Blue Devils have been outscored in those 10 defeats 53-5.
They have been blanked six times, and have now allowed at least seven goals on five separate occasions.
Thursday's contest also marked the Blue Devils' fifth match in eight days.
Undefeated Alexander improved to 12-0-1.
Gallia Academy ends its regular season on Tuesday, when it welcomes Belpre for another non-conference matchup.
By Paul Boggs pboggs@aimmediamidwest.com
Paul Boggs can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2106
Paul Boggs can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2106
Arewa quit notice: Don't panic, Osinbajo tells Ndigbo
——–To meet all ethnic leaders, stakeholders next week Thursady
By Johnbosco Agbakwuru
ABUJA – Acting President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo Wednesday told people of South East not to panic over recent quit notice given to them by the coalition of Arewa youths to leave the 19 Northern States on or before 1st October, saying that the Federal Government has made adequate arrangement to protect every citizen of the country.
This is as Prof. Osinbajo has said that he will be meeting with the leaders of all ethnic groups in the country as well as stakeholders to discuss issues on the continuous unity and existence of the country.
Recall that the Acting President had on Tuesday while meeting with the Northern Elders including the Arewa Consultative Forum, vowed that the Federal Government would deal with any person or group that threaten the peace of the country through hate speeches.
The Federal Government has also explained that the series of interactions lined up with the relevant stakeholders in the Nigeria project that started on Tuesday, will be rounded off on 22nd June.
Briefing journalists after the Federal Executive Council, FEC, presided over by the Acting President, Prof. Osinbajo, the Minister of Information; Alhaji Lai Mohammed said that the Acting President will be addressing traditional rulers and leaders of thought from the South East on Friday.
He explained that the idea behind the consultative meeting was not just to assure that the administration was doing something about the quit notice to the Igbos to vacate the North before 1st October, but that the situation was under control.
According to the minister, “On the 22nd of June there will be a joint consultative meeting of all the groups, that is the traditional rulers, religious leaders and leaders of thought from both the south eastern part of Nigeria and the northern part of Nigeria,” he said.
“The call for people from certain parts of the country to relocate to their region is generally very disquieting voices.
“We just want to assure Nigerians that the federal government is on top of the matter. ….Yesterday (Tuesday), the Acting President addressed leaders from the northern part of the country. At 4 p.m today (Wednesday) he is going to address leaders from the South Eastern part of the country.
“The idea is not just to assure Nigerians that we are doing something about it but also to give comfort to all Nigerians that this matter is completely under control. To assure Nigerians that any Nigerian anywhere is save, the security authorities are completely on top of the matter and that they will deal decisively with any group of people whose conduct that is believed is going to create instability in the country.
“So there is no need for anybody to panic, there is no need for anybody to move from any part of the country. The security agencies are on top of the matter and there is no reason for anybody to panic.”
Also briefing journalists, the Minister of Finance, Kemi Adeosun said that she presented a memo that was approved by the FEC to sign a multilateral convention for the implementation of tax treaty related matters.
She said, “I presented a memo which was approved by council today and permission was granted to sign a multilateral convention to implement tax treaty related matters to prevent us prevent base erosion and profit shifting.
“In simple language, this administration is very focused on revenue generation and mobilisation and part of that work is to improve our tax collection. One of the means by which major companies evade is a
practice called base erosion and profit shifting which means that the profit that was made in Nigeria using accounting methods shift it to a country that has little or no tax.
The post Arewa quit notice: Don't panic, Osinbajo tells Ndigbo appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Widgetized Section
Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone
NEW ORLEANS — Mardi Gras season is kicking into high gear with a slew of major parades throughout New Orleans.
Parade-goers took to the streets Friday to watch the Krewe of Cork pay homage to wine in the French Quarter and the first parades that pass along the city's famed St. Charles Ave.
Some residents already tried to reserve a seat for the festivities by putting out ladders earlier this week but city officials removed them.
There are also some more offbeat parades like the Krewe of Chewbacchus on Saturday, which pays homage to science fiction and Krewe of Barkus on Sunday that features dressed-up dogs.
Although Carnival season officially began Jan. 6, the festivities really kick into high gear the two weekends ahead of Fat Tuesday. This year Fat Tuesday is Feb. 13.
Throngs of people converge on New Orleans' streets to watch the long parades of floats, bands and marching groups and to reach for the beads and other swag the float riders throw out.
Don Westman and Misty Gertge, a young couple from Denver, strolled Bourbon Street decked out in Mardi Gras colours of purple, green and gold as they took in the sights of their first Carnival, which included a couple dressed as pirates and a man dressed as Donald Trump holding a sign that said, “Fake News.”
“This was on my bucket list,” said Westman, wearing beads around his neck while sipping a cocktail.
Many revelers wore jackets and scarves after temperatures dipped into the 50s.
“I packed for every kind of weather,” said Gertge, wearing large furry purple, green and gold leg warmers.
This year has seen a bit of ribbing between New Orleans and Mobile, Alabama, over who has the stronger claim to Mardi Gras. Alabama's state tourism agency purchased 10 billboards around New Orleans and southern Mississippi to promote the Carnival season in Mobile.
Rather than mentioning Mobile, they tell drivers how many miles they are from “America's original Mardi Gras.”
Mobile Mayor Sandy Stimpson tweeted a photo of one of the billboards at New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landreiu and said Mobile would love to “show you how it's done!”
New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu responded, saying: “That was then and this is now.”
“There's only one great Mardi Gras in the world,” he added.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An Ellesmere Port belly dancer has her 'brio' back.
Grandmother Lynda Thompson, 64, was forced to hang up her veil when she was struck by agonising pain.
But Lynda, from Stanney Grange, is now looking to a return to the dance floor with help from Brio Leisure at the Ellesmere Port Sports Village.
She spent 12 years as a cabaret belly dancer before chronic osteoarthritis brought her shimmying to an abrupt halt.
“Increasingly I found I was in agony. Simple tasks such as doing the housework or even getting in and out of a car were so painful I ended up in tears,” she said.
A mum of three grown up daughters she was diagnosed with osteoarthritis and sent for physiotherapy treatment.
Lynda continued: “I'd had pain in my back and neck ever since the girls were small but I just got on with things. The belly dancing was something I enjoyed and I joined a troupe that danced at festivals and events.
“I began to notice that doing the figure of eight movements aggravated my pain and I was also finding it really difficult to carry the equipment we needed for the shows.”
After a number of physio sessions Lynda's GP referred her to Brio Leisure where she qualified for a free 12 weeks' worth of visits.
This was followed by a discounted trial membership at the sports village under Brio's community health initiative operated by health and wellbeing service the Cheshire Change Hub.
“It was fantastic,” said Lynda. “Inside three months of being referred by the GP I was feeling completely different.
“After the trial I decided to become a full member. The Brio team advised which exercises to do and I also joined some of the fitness classes such as Zumba and Pilates.
“Because I'd given up dancing I'd put on weight but that soon came off and I developed a new lease of life and loads more energy. My quality of life has really improved so much so I'm aiming to go back into belly dancing as soon as possible.”
Lynda's transformation has also inspired her husband David to improve his fitness. He's vowed to join his wife at Brio as soon as he recovers from a hip replacement operation.
“I think it's important to be as fit as you can be and feel as good as you can for the age you are. Joining Brio has helped me enjoy life again,” said Lynda.
The GP referral scheme is part of the range of services provided by the Cheshire Change Hub.
Details of the initiative, designed to offer people the support they need to live happier, healthier lives, can be found at www.brioleisure.org or www.cheshirechangehub.org .
How I Control My s*xual Urges On Set – Chris Okagbue
Award winning Actor, Model and winner of Gulder Ultimate Search Season 8, Christopher Okagbue who started his career at the age of 17 shared that acting was never his passion. According to him, he fell in love with music first and has all the intentions of showing the world what music really means to him. …
The post How I Control My s*xual Urges On Set – Chris Okagbue appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Fast and Furious franchise headed to Netflix for a new animated series
The Fast and Furious action franchise is racing onto the small screen via an upcoming animated series produced by Emmy-winning studio DreamWorks Animation for streaming video platform Netflix.
The post Fast and Furious franchise headed to Netflix for a new animated series appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum, File). FILE - In this Saturday, Oct. 28, 2017 file photo, Houston Astros relief pitcher Ken Giles throws against the Los Angeles Dodgers during the ninth inning of Game 4 of baseball's World Series in Houston. Houston closer Ken ...
(AP Photo/Lynne Sladky, File). FILE - In this June 24, 2017, file photo, Miami Marlins' J.T. Realmuto hits a three-run home run during the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago Cubs in Miami. Realmuto, among the Marlins who could be trade...
PHOENIX (AP) - Catcher J.T. Realmuto lost his salary arbitration case against Miami and first baseman Justin Bour beat the Marlins to leave players with a 3-1 record this year.
Realmuto was given a $2.9 million salary Friday instead of his request for $3.5 million. The decision was made by arbitrators Andrew Strongin, Elizabeth Neumeier and Allen Ponak, who heard arguments Wednesday.
Bour was awarded $3.4 million instead of Miami's $3 million offer by James Oldham, Steven Wolf and Mark Burstein, who listened to arguments Thursday.
Realmuto may be traded as part of the team's payroll purge under new chief executive Derek Jeter. The Marlins already have dealt major league home run champion Giancarlo Stanton, Marcell Ozuna, Dee Gordon and Christian Yelich. Realmuto made $562,500 last year and was eligible for arbitration for the first time after hitting .278 with 17 homers and 65 RBIs.
Bour hit .289 with 25 homers and 83 RBIs last year, when he had a $552,500 salary.
Boston All-Star outfielder Mookie Betts and Arizona pitcher Shelby Miller won the first two cases of the year.
Houston closer Ken Giles had a hearing Thursday, and Toronto closer Roberto Osuna went before a panel on Friday. Both were eligible for arbitration for the first time.
As many as 25 players could go to hearings this year, which would be the most since 1987.
Osuna asked Wolf, Robert Herzog and James Darby for a raise from $552,400 to $5.8 million instead of the Blue Jays' $5.3 million offer. The 22-year-old right-hander was 3-4 with a 3.38 ERA and 39 saves last season, raising his three-year total to 95. But he also led the major leagues with 10 blown saves in 2017.
Giles asked Phillip LaPorte, Strongin and Sylvia Skratek for a raise from $555,100 to $4.6 million - $400,000 more than Houston's offer. He had 34 saves in 38 chances and went 1-3 with a 2.30 ERA last year for Houston. While the Astros won their first World Series, Giles had an 11.74 ERA in the postseason and 27.00 ERA in a pair of World Series appearances, when he allowed five runs in 1 2/3 innings.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By Tinashe Muzamhindo
I would like to take this opportunity to applaud Nelson Chamisa for the consistency he has in politics and development. Chamisa is a promising leader who is level headed. He is a young man who is not selfish, who is humble and has grass roots connectivity. For every young Zimbabwean, there are great lessons you need to copy from this young and wise men. Chamisa is a leader in his own making and you can't take away that from him. He rose through the prominence to become one of the refined young politicians in the country.
We have so many young politicians in the country but lately they have gone down the drain. This is not the case with Chamisa who has shown great leadership qualities. There have been so many perceptions about this young man but it is high time Zimbabweans absorb their hard feelings on him and accept that Chamisa is a future leader if not our future president in the post Mugabe-Tsvangirai era.
If you look way back from 1999 when MDC was formed you will realize that Chamisa remained loyal to Tsvangirai despite several cracks within the MDC top brass. He remained humble and he never attacked Tsvangirai in public. There have been attempts by his detractors to label him a state operative but he remained humble and that is why Tsvangirai saw great potential in him by rewarding him the post of Deputy Presidency.
HIS EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND
Nelson Chamisa was born on the 2nd of February 1978 in Masvingo at Silveira mission. He is married. He is a member of the apostles of Jesus Christ. He became active in student politics when he became the youngest SRC president at Harare polytechnic from 1998-2000. He was a member of the NCA task force advocacy in 1999. He formed and founded MDC in 1999. He became youth chairman in the MDC led party from 2000 to 2006.
He became a member of International Union of Socialists Youth from 2002- 2003. He became the MDC spokesperson in 2005 to 2011. He later became the secretary for organizing in the MDC led party from 2011 to 2014. Currently he is the MDC secretary for policy and research. He was elected as the youngest parliamentarian in 2003 till to date. He became Zimbabwe's youngest MP in the parliament of Zimbabwe.
He served as a member of transport, legal and defence portfolios in parliament. He served as the minister of information and communication technology during the Government of National Unity era from 2009 to 2013. Chamisa holds an honour in political science and a BBA in Business Administration. He holds a masters in international and foreign relations. He also holds a bachelor of Laws degree from University of Zimbabwe. He did his degree in pastoral theology from living waters theological seminary. He holds several awards in the area of Law and ICT.
FEW LESSONS WE CAN DRAW AS A NATION FROM NELSON CHAMISA
Chamisa is favoured across political divide. Chamisa is darling among all political players. If you compare him with the likes of Biti, Madhuku you will discover that he is a self-composed person, humble and steady. Chamisa is not emotional but he takes everything at ease. He has all the leadership qualities you can name. It's very rare to hear Chamisa crossing the red line. He plays his cards close to his chest.
Most politicians hate each other even across the political divide. You can see Chamisa sharing jokes with people from the ruling party which is expected from all leaders. Leaders should not promote hate speech in politics. Despite him losing the Secretary General post in the MDC during the 2014 congress he remained consistent and relevant in the party. Most politicians once they see that their loot has been cut they leave their respective parties as a sign of protest but not with Chamisa.
Tinashe Eric Muzamhindo writes in his personal capacity as the Head of MINDS which is responsible for policy and research. He holds a MA in Development studies from University of Lusaka, Zambia. He can be contacted at [email protected]
Jamie Rigg
Reviews Editor
The Switch sold more in nine months than the Wii U did in its entire lifetime, which is very good news for Nintendo. It means the company's formula of quirky hardware plus treasured IP is working once more, but better yet, there's a whole wave of Switch owners out there who will have skipped the Wii U altogether. And if they didn't, they more than likely picked up a game or two and let the console gather dust in between major launches. This presents Nintendo with a unique opportunity to recycle some of its better Wii U titles for a new, Switch-wielding audience. The fact that Nintendo did this very thing with Mario Kart 8, positioning it as a Switch launch-window title, did not sit well with me. But putting a less cynical hat on, it does mean people get a chance to play games they would've missed out on had Nintendo tried to forget the Wii U ever existed (like everyone else).
Case in point: I'd never even heard of Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze until a colleague flagged it, and I had a Wii U. (It's in a cupboard at a friend's house right now, where it will probably live forever.) What particularly interested me about this DK game was that it's a 2D platformer in a very real sense. Franchises like Zelda, Grand Theft Auto and Mario have conditioned us to expect sprawling 3D worlds as the norm, and yet Tropical Freeze plays almost exactly like the original Donkey Kong Country released on the SNES almost 25 years ago. Outside of some great indie games, I couldn't tell you the last 2D platformer I've played from a big developer. Little Big Planet 3 is the closest thing I can think of, and that's a completely different type of game, really.
I would say Tropical Freeze is the ultimate archetype of a 2D platformer, but then Nintendo basically defined what makes a game like this good decades ago, so no surprise there. This starts with a completely random and unimportant storyline. The opening cutscene shows a fleet of ice-covered ships crewed primarily by penguins encroaching on Donkey Kong Island, presumably seeking warmer shores. They spoil DK's birthday party with the family, so they have to be sent packing. I think that's what's happening, anyway, but who cares? You're not here to get wrapped up in believable storyline; you're here to bounce off penguins' heads and beat the game.
Name a platformer trope, Tropical Freeze has it. A little map of the world you navigate to move between levels? Check. A set of collectibles on each stage for the completionists among us, à la Crash Bandicoot? Absolutely. There's also the mid-level power-ups -- in this case, Diddy, Dixie and Cranky Kong, which hop on Donkey's back, give him more health points and augment his jump to make everything a bit easier. The DK version of Yoshi, in other words. What's relatively unique about Tropical Freeze is that on each world, there exists a shop. You collect coins within levels, which can be exchanged for things like extra lives, fall saves or a Kong on your back when you start the level. I find the parrot particularly useful, which squawks when you're near a secret, helping massively with hard-to-find collectibles.
It's very easy to bank up a shedload of coins, though, and since none of these items are anywhere near essential to completing levels, they feel like an element you could completely ignore if you wanted to. Perhaps in time I'll come to value the help more, because I haven't actually played that much of the game yet -- not through lack of trying, but because it's really hard. Don't let the cartoony graphics and cuddly characters fool you: This is a precision platformer. It feels almost like Super Meat Boy meets Super Mario, only the deaths sting that much more. It's worth noting here that I'm playing on the classic setting, not the new Funky Kong mode that's exclusive to the Switch edition launching May 4th. In fact, it's the only major difference between the two versions.
Playing as Funky Kong is the game's equivalent of an easy mode. He has a double jump, air glide, permanent roll attack and way more health points. He also looks pretty rad, with a California surfer–style outfit, shades and a board. I couldn't resist playing the game the way it's meant to be played, though, which by comparison is brutal. Accurate jumps and timing are essential to making it through even the early levels. Tropical Freeze isn't particularly unique in its level design, though it does an excellent job of rewarding exploration of your limited 2D plane. After a while, you'll start to see hallmarks of where a secret area might lie, concealed in plain sight. Otherwise, the game is about jumping between platforms, vines, etc., and avoiding enemies or bopping them on the head for extra height.
That sounds easy enough, but Donkey Kong has a weight to him. The character physics are subtle but extremely important. DK has a turn rate, a short acceleration period and a braking distance. In many levels, you'll get into a rhythm and find a line: this platform to that vine to that enemy's head, and so on. If you get off-beat with a poor jump (assuming you didn't fall right away) and you've got too much or too little momentum, it can be hard to recover. It can get frustrating when you can't settle in, but it makes it all the more satisfying when you cruise through part of a level at optimum speed. Throw some light problem-solving into the mix and you've got yourself a charming platformer.
Every time it starts to get a bit samey, the game throws another enemy type or mechanic at you to keep you interested. After completing anything particularly hard, you typically get something easier to cruise through, like a runaway mining cart level. This gives you a sense that progress is always being made. While I'm now invested to the point that I'm going to have to beat the game and find every secret, which is praise in and of itself, there is room for improvement. In my experience, you've no choice but to die occasionally to see what comes next, which is a lazy way to make something challenging. Similarly, you can find yourself in an awesome rhythm and then an enemy spawns out of nowhere that seems intentionally placed to ruin your flow. Mid-level checkpoints are rarely well positioned, either. You often have to repeat a really easy, mundane section collecting bananas and coins before hitting the harder element you're likely to die on a few times.
Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze is the type of game I rarely play anymore. It's not competitive, requiring countless hours of practice, nor is it some grand story you're immersed in for weeks or months. You grab a controller, blast out a level and then go make dinner. Not having to invest too much time and energy into a game and feeling like you're getting somewhere is refreshing. That said, I imagine you're going to need to be pretty excited about the title to feel comfortable spending $60/£40 on a Wii U rerelease.
"IRL" is a recurring column in which the Engadget staff run down what they're buying, using, playing and streaming.
Champions League: Salah takes Liverpool closer to final
The Egyptian scored two goals and had two assists.
The post Champions League: Salah takes Liverpool closer to final appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
London police are considering a variety of criminal charges related to the June fire at Grenfell Tower that killed 71 people.
Police told an inquiry Monday that the possible charges include misconduct in public office, manslaughter, corporate manslaughter and breaches of fire safety regulation.
No one has yet been charged.
Jeremy Johnson, the lawyer representing the police at the inquiry, said the scope of the police investigation was “unprecedented” in a case that did not involve an extremist attack.
He said police are studying 31 million documents and 2,500 exhibits.
Johnson spoke at a hearing spelling out how a detailed inquiry into the disaster will be carried out.
Officials say the goal is to make sure there is never a repeat of the catastrophe.
The news and video that emerged today of a passenger being roughly dragged from a United Airlines aircraft for no other reason than the airline had oversold the flight is truly disturbing.... More
TORONTO — As Marie Henein put it, “What Disney is seeking to do is have this all dealt with in secret. We're in a courtroom, where reality actually matters. We're not in Disney.”
Thus did the formidable lawyer, usually seen in Canadian criminal courts but Monday on the civil side, describe the efforts of The Walt Disney Company to seal documents in a lawsuit launched by her client, an actress and model.
The $14-million lawsuit alleges that the woman, who can be identified only as Jane Doe, was twice sexually assaulted by film mogul Harvey Weinstein 18 years ago.
Then in her early 20s, Doe was working on her first movie, being filmed in and around Toronto. The suit alleges the assaults were “facilitated” by the wilful blindness of Disney and Miramax Film Corporation and by a woman, Barbara Schneeweiss, who was then a Miramax vice-president and who allegedly identified herself to Doe as Weinstein's assistant.
None of the allegations has been proven in court, and in fact, lawyers for Weinstein, Miramax and Schneeweiss strongly deny them all in what are called statements of defence, while Disney wants to be removed entirely from the action as a defendant.
Lawyers for Disney say that Weinstein had “virtual autonomy” and that Disney was unaware of any complaints against him, lawsuits or settlements, least of all his alleged predatory conduct.
Until its motion to be removed from the record is heard in May, Disney wants documents that detail its employment relationship with Weinstein sealed.
The movie in which Doe had a small part was produced by Miramax, then a wholly owned subsidiary of Disney. Weinstein was co-chairman of Miramax. Disney bought Miramax in 1993 for $60 million, selling it 17 years later for $663 million.
The companies haven't just changed hands, but also names.
When it was owned by Disney Enterprises Inc., Miramax was known as Miramax Film Corp. Now the former is The Walt Disney Company, the latter is Miramax LLC.
As Disney's lawyer, Tim Lowman, told Ontario Superior Court Master Priti Sugunasiri (a master is a judicial officer with the authority to hear civil court matters, including motions), Disney was not Weinstein's employer, Miramax had “operating autonomy” and Disney is thus not liable.
Lowman said if Disney is forced to divulge the details of those old contracts, which date from 1993 to 1999, it would be breaching its own duties of confidentiality and potentially would open itself up to myriad claims alleging breach of contract.
To this, Henein snorted that Disney is seeking to protect “the interests of a company that no longer exists and stopped doing business many, many years ago… Walt Disney company could sue Walt Disney company and he's (Lowman) worried about it?”
The leading Supreme Court of Canada case in this area dates from 2002 and is called Sierra Club v Canada.
It revolved around some documents that Atomic Energy of Canada Ltd., a Crown corporation, wanted to protect with a confidentiality order.
Indeed, the order was granted, but only over some highly technical documents.
As Henein said, “Mr. Weinstein and a nuclear facility have nothing in common other than their incendiary nature. Nothing warrants protection here.”
As matters stand now, it's not just the public who can't see the contracts, but also the other lawyers, like Henein, involved in the case. They have been provided only heavily redacted copies of the contracts.
And by providing those, Henein said, Disney has shown “it's prepared to breach the confidentiality provisions as long as the breach helps them…. It's not nuclear secrets they (Disney) wants to protect, it's the true nature of how their relationship with Mr. Weinstein operated.”
Lawyers for Disney originally wanted even the discussion of the sealing order to be held in-camera Monday, and indeed, the lawyers did disappear into the master's chambers for a short time.
But when they emerged, Sugunasiri told the court that “our process is open to the public” and that people would be able to sit and hear the arguments, and that the temporary sealing order on the documents issued last month by Ontario Superior Court Judge Todd Archibald would stand “until I make my ruling in May.”
Mr. Weinstein and a nuclear facility have nothing in common other than their incendiary nature
Doe alleges that after the filming ended, Schneeweiss invited her to a breakfast meeting the next day at the old Sutton Place Hotel. Virtually as soon as it began, Doe says, Schneeweiss was dismissed and Weinstein overpowered her, pushed her onto the bed, took out his penis and, gesturing at it, said, “the best thing you could do for your career…”
After she fled, Doe alleges she saw Schneeweiss in the lobby, and, visibly distraught, made eye contact with her.
Schneeweiss adamantly denies that, saying she had never made eye contact with a visibly distraught woman “because there was never a time, while Schneeweiss was Weinstein's executive assistant, that she ever regretted or felt ashamed” of having brought anyone to meet him.
Only last fall, when news media reported multiple allegations against Weinstein, did she learn of his allegedly predatory behaviour, she said.
• Email: cblatchford@postmedia.com | Twitter: blatchkiki
Duke says men's basketball coach Mike Krzyzewski will be taking a medical leave after surgery on his lower back, the university announced Monday.
Assistant coach Jeff Capel will take over the Blue Devils, which is 12-2 this season.
Krzyzewski is scheduled to have the surgery on Friday, Jan. 6 to remove a fragment from a herniated disc. Duke's next game is Saturday, Jan. 7.
“Dr. William Richardson, Dr. Friedman, and our medical team have worked tirelessly to help manage this issue for several weeks,” Krzyzewski said, according to the university. “Together, we have determined that surgery is the best course of action at this time."
A four-week recovery is expected, ESPN reported.
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
The best bar in the world is no longer in New York City.
After spending a year in second place, the Savoy Hotel's American Bar claimed the top spot in this year' World's Best 50 Bar Awards Thursday evening.
"We really didn't see that coming," senior bartender Dominic Whisson told CNN. "It's a victory for all of us, for all the late nights, early mornings, and long days."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The classic drinking haunt, which opened in 1893, was hardly the only London bar on the list. Dandelyan, at the Mondrian, ranked second; the Connaught ranked third; and Bar Termini came in ninth.
Last year's winner The Dead Rabbit in Manhattan slipped down the rankings a bit to the number 5 spot, with other NYC hot spots, The NoMad at the NoMad Hotel and Attaboy on the Lower East Side, coming in at numbers three and eight respectively.
The top ten was rounded out by destinations in Greece, Singapore, and Shanghai.
See the top 10 list below:
1. American Bar, the Savoy Hotel, London
2. Dandelyan, Mondrian, London
3. The NoMad, NoMad Hotel, New York
4. Connaught Bar, The Connaught, London
5. The Dead Rabbit Grocery and Grog, New York
6. The Clumsies, Athens, Greece
7. Manhattan, Singapore
8. Attaboy, New York
9. Bar Termini, London
10. Speak Low, Shanghai, China
Death of 92-Year Old Woman Now Considered a Homicide
by Rashad Snell
The Montgomery Police Department is investigating the death of a Montgomery woman, Mary Gedel, 92, as a homicide. The victim was found deceased in her home in the 1900 block of South Court Street.
MPD responded to South Court Monday, Oct. 2, after an acquaintance reported that the victim had not been seen in several days. Police located the deceased in her residence and initiated a death investigation.
The death investigation indicated that forced entry had been made into the residence, and forensic evaluation confirmed the cause of death to be homicide from blunt-force trauma.
No arrest has been made at this point, and the circumstances surrounding this homicide remain under investigation. No additional information is available for release at this time.
Police ask individuals with knowledge of this homicide to call CrimeStoppers at 215-STOP, Secret Witness at 625-4000, or the Montgomery Police Department at 625-2831.
By ERIK SCHELZIGAssociated Press
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - Automotive supplier Denso announced plans Friday to invest $1 billion and create more than 1,000 new jobs in its main Tennessee facility to meet growing demand for electric vehicle parts.
The investment is aimed at making the Maryville plant the Japanese company's primary manufacturer in North American for electrification and safety systems, the company said.
"This is an investment in the future of Denso, and also the future of transportation," Kenichiro Ito, the chairman of Denso North America, said in a statement. "We are seeing dramatic shifts in the role of transportation in society, and this investment will help position us to meet those changing demands."
The company plans to expand several production lines to produce advanced components for hybrid and electric vehicles. The products are designed to improve fuel efficiency and preserve electric power by recovering and recycling energy. They also will boost efficiency for the entire vehicle by anticipating road conditions through data collected inside and outside the car.
The expansion in Maryville comes atop a $400 million investment that the company announced in 2015 to consolidate its warehouse operations, a move intended at the time to add 500 jobs.
Denso opened the plant in Maryville in 1988 with about 100 employees. U.S. Sen. Lamar Alexander, then governor, has said the facility in his hometown was a sort of consolation prize after Tennessee lost out to Kentucky for a Toyota assembly plant. Today about 3,200 people work at the Maryville plant, besides another 1,400 employees at another Denso facility in nearby Athens, Tennessee.
The announcement comes as Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam prepares to embark on a trade mission to Asia that will include a pitch seeking to attract a new joint Toyota and Mazda assembly plant to his Southern state.
The Japanese automakers announced in August that they plan to spend $1.6 billion on the new manufacturing plant, creating up to 4,000 jobs. The companies plan to work together on advanced auto technology, such as electric vehicles, safety features and connected cars, as well as products that they could supply each other.
Tennessee is home to assembly plants by Nissan, General Motors and Volkswagen, along with a slew of suppliers. The state has been prepping a sprawling site outside of Memphis in hopes of attracting another auto manufacturing plant.
"We would love to get the Mazda-Toyota plant," Haslam told reporters Thursday. "We think we have leg up in automobile manufacturing because we're so strong in it now, and there is a sense in which there's a real desire to locate near other suppliers."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WASHINGTON — After a drumbeat of anticipation, a secret memo was released Friday that President Donald Trump's allies in the media and Congress had predicted would set off a bombshell, exploding the entire foundation of the Russia investigation.
Spoiler alert: Not quite.
What the just-declassified memo does is allege that a key source in the Russia affair hated Trump, and that federal officials central to the probe against him played fast and loose with surveillance protocols.
“I think it's a disgrace,” Trump said Friday.
“A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves — and much worse than that.”
He made the remarks after approving the release of a four-page memo written by Devin Nunes, the Republican chair of the House intelligence committee. The memo centres on allegations of impropriety in how federal officials obtained the right to monitor Trump foreign-policy adviser Carter Page.
It alleges that:
— British ex-spy Christopher Steele detested Trump and was desperate to stop him from being president. At the time, it says Steele was being paid US$160,000 by a firm hired digging up dirt on behalf of the Hillary Clinton campaign.
— Steele talked to the media while also acting as an FBI informant. During the 2016 election, he communicated concerns — first to Yahoo News, then Mother Jones magazine — that Trump was compromised. The memo says he misled the FBI about his contacts with journalists.
The memo says the FBI later dropped him as a source: “Steele's numerous encounters with the media violated the cardinal rule of source handling — maintaining confidentiality — and demonstrated that Steele had become a less-than-reliable source for the FBI.”
— The FBI had leaned heavily on Steele's tips to renew a warrant to spy on Trump adviser Carter Page. The warrant was renewed in October 2016. Federal officials had already monitored Page as early as 2013, amid concern he was a Russian asset.
— Federal officials did not disclose the partisan payments to Steele when they sought the warrant in national-security court. Democrats responding to the memo say this allegation is misleading, and omits relevant facts.
— Several senior officials signed off on the warrant request, with one key name on that list: Rod Rosenstein. He is now the top Justice Department official in change of the Russia investigation. If he were fired and replaced with someone more hostile to the probe, his successor could either end the investigation or set new rules to constrain it.
Trump was asked whether he wanted to fire Rosenstein and replied: “You figure that one out.”
But the document unveiled Friday fell short of the more hyperbolic previews offered by Trump's staunchest allies.
One memorable example was Fox News prime-time host Sean Hannity, who predicted it would be worse than Watergate and would end the Mueller investigation by proving that it rested on a faulty foundation.
“Your witch hunt is now over,” Hannity declared on his show a few days ago.
There's a glaring weakness in the argument that the document fatally undermines the Russia probe.
It's pointed out in the document itself, in the final paragraph on the final page. The document confirms that the FBI counter-intelligence probe into the Trump campaign ties with Russia began in July — three months before the events described in the memo.
It says the FBI probe started in July 2016 as the result of a tip regarding another Trump aide, George Papadopoulos. Recent news reports have said the tip involved Papadopoulos disclosing over drinks with an Australian diplomat that the Russians had Hillary Clinton's emails.
Papadopoulos has since pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI, and is now co-operating with the Mueller probe.
Democrats dismissed the document as a dud, at best. At worst, they cast it as a dishonest work of partisan origami that cuts around inconvenient facts that remain classified and are central to the case.
Their view was shared by the fired head of the FBI who originally launched the Russia probe.
“That's it?” James Comey tweeted.
“Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House (intelligence) committee, destroyed trust with (the) Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with (the national-security) court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen.
“For what? (Department of Justice) & FBI must keep doing their jobs.”
There was also criticism from the Republican side.
Sen. John McCain blasted unnamed people from his own party attacking law enforcement, and undermining an important probe into Russian election-meddling: “The latest attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests — no party's, no president's, only (Vladimir) Putin's,” McCain said in a statement.
“If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him.”
Other Republicans took a nuanced view.
They said it was important to see the memo, which they say raises troubling questions about civil liberties and whether espionage processes were properly followed. On the other hand, they remained committed to the Russia investigation.
“I … remain 100 per cent confident in Special Counsel Robert Mueller,” said Republican lawmaker Trey Gowdy.
A similarly balanced take came from Will Hurd — a Republican lawmaker who used to be an undercover CIA counter-terrorism agent. Hurd voted for the release of the document, but explained in a Washington Post opinion piece that he wants the Mueller investigation to continue.
By JENNIFER SINCO KELLEHERAssociated Press
HONOLULU (AP) - A Hawaii man is accused of killing his mother and stuffing her decapitated head and dismembered body parts in seven plastic bags in the refrigerator freezer of the Waikiki apartment they shared.
Yu Wei Gong has been charged with second degree murder, and he was expected to make his initial appearance in court Monday.
According to the state's complaint filed against Gong, he called police April 11, saying, "I killed my Mom."
When officers arrived and couldn't find his mother, he told them she was "in the fridge," the complaint says.
An officer looked in one of the bags in the freezer and found the body parts.
Gong told officers that he accidentally killed his mother in September after she became angry when the 26-year-old said he didn't want to go to school.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
School Bus-Size Dinosaur Discovered in Egypt
Introducing Mansourasaurus shahinae, a newly discovered dinosaur from Egypt. It's a big discovery in more ways than one. This dinosaur is a titanosaur, so it belongs to the same group as some of the largest creatures that ever walked the Earth.
It's also Africa's most complete dinosaur specimen from the late Cretaceous epoch, researchers say. Thanks to its age and location, the researchers are optimistic that it will help them understand the geological and biological links between Africa and the other continents.
A team led by vertebrate paleontologist Hesham Sallam of Egypt's Mansoura University reported the find Monday in the journal Nature Ecology and Evolution.
This dinosaur was a creature to be reckoned with.
The study authors estimate that Mansourasaurus was about as long as a school bus and as heavy as an African elephant. It measured 26 to 33 feet from the front of its small head to the end of its long, tapering tail.
That huge body was fueled by a plant-based diet.
Some of the bones in the dinosaur's front legs had not fully fused. That led the study authors to believe that this particular animal had not yet reached its adult size.
Everything they know about Mansourasaurus is based on an assortment of bones finds in the Dakhla Oasis in Egypt's Western Desert. About 80 million years ago, when this dinosaur was alive, the area was lush and coastal.
The bulk of the bones are vertebrae from the dinosaur's neck and back, some of its ribs and portions of its shoulders and front legs. Paleontologists also recovered pieces of its skull and jaws, a few bones from one of its hind feet and what they think were bony scales known as osteoderms.
Its features prompted the paleontologists to classify Mansourasaurus as a titanosaur, a group that includes Dreadnoughtus, the 65-ton behemoth that weighed more than a Boeing 737, and the slightly larger Patagotitan, which was 12 times heavier than an elephant. However, for a titanosaur, Mansourasaurus was not particularly big.
The researchers are hopeful that that the discovery will help them understand some of the major changes that were happening during and after the late Cretaceous. The continents were pulling away from each other at that time, and scientists don't know how isolated the animals of Africa were.
M. shahinae's bones suggest that the animals weren't as cut off as some researchers had come to believe. This creature appears to have been a closer relative of dinosaurs from Europe and Asia than it was to dinosaurs from the southern part of Africa or from present-day South America.
The dinosaur was named for Mansoura University and for Mona Shahin, who helped found the school's Vertebrate Paleontology Center.
© 2018 Los Angeles Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
LONGUEUIL, Que. — A 40-year-old man is facing dangerous driving charges after a van with four children on board was involved in a series of collisions near Montreal on Saturday.
Quebec provincial police say the van hit at least three other vehicles in three separate locations in what they're describing as a road rage incident.
They say calls began arriving at about 10 a.m. about a man driving dangerously with children in his vehicle on Highway 132 in Longueuil.
Police arrested the driver after the van hit a wall following the third collision. The driver of one of the other cars was also arrested but later released.
One of the children was taken to hospital with injuries that are not life threatening.
Police say a quantity of drugs was seized from the van.
Romelu Lukaku claims an impressive 4-0 victory over West Ham is "just the start" after Manchester United made a statement of intent in their opening match of the Premier League season.
The striker, signed from Everton for a reported initial fee of £75million in July, promptly began to repay that sizeable investment with a brace on his competitive Old Trafford debut, substitute Anthony Martial and Paul Pogba striking late on to send United to the top of the table at the end of the opening weekend.
It remains to be seen if United, who won the League Cup and the Europa League in Jose Mourinho's first campaign in charge last term, can improve on a sixth-place finish by challenging for the title this time around.
Lukaku, though, is full of confidence in the potential of both the Portuguese boss and his new team-mates.
Good first game! Happy with the win! @manchesterunited A post shared by Romelu Lukaku bolingoli (@rlukaku9) on Aug 13, 2017 at 1:58pm PDT
He told Sky Sports: "It's just the start, the manager has a plan, we will try to follow it and hopefully it will take us somewhere.
"To play well in front of such a crowd [is pleasing]. The most important thing was the win. We started well and have to keep working hard
"[I am] just [happy] for the team, when you play for Manchester United the job is to score goals. Everyone created a lot of chances and we scored a lot of goals.
"He [Mourinho] wants me to be a leader for team, in training we work really hard, [and] the hard work will pay off.
"The fans want to see attractive football, that's what we did, the crowd was very pleased."
Matic, another off-season recruit from Chelsea, also impressed at the base of midfield, completing a timely interception to trigger the counter-attack that led to the first goal.
"It was a really important game for us to start well and win the three points against a good side," he told Sky Sports.
"They [West Ham] were very compact, but there was more space after the first goal.
"I am very happy for the team, we started well and will take the three points. [In the] next game we will start with more confidence."
Asked if he has been purchased to allow Paul Pogba, scorer of United's fourth in injury time, to get forward more often, Matic replied: "No, he [Mourinho] said I have to do my job and he [Pogba] has to do his job.
"Not only Pogba [had] a good game, everyone played very well. 4-0 against a good team, we have to continue to work like this, to play like this."
NEW ORLEANS — Roddy Peters scored 27 points to lead Nicholls to an 81-64 win over New Orleans on Saturday and into a first place tie atop the Southland Conference.
Kimani Jackson added 15 points and eight rebounds, Jahvaughn Powell had 14 points and Tevon Saddler scored 12 for Nicholls, which shot 53 per cent. Peters was 10 for 19 from the field, dished out six assists and had three steals.
Nicholls (14-9, 8-2) dominated inside during the first half, outscoring New Orleans 20-10 in the paint to take a 35-23 advantage into the break. The Colonels opened the second half with a 20-9 run that included 3-pointers from Peters, Sadler and Powell to snap New Orleans' four-game win streak.
New Orleans (12-11, 9-3) got 22 points from Bryson Robinson and Travin Thibodeaux had 20. The loss knocked the Privateers out of sole possession of first place.
Local seniors got the chance to hear from seven different professionals about their health and safety.
The information session took place in the Whitecourt Seniors Circle at 1 p.m. on June 6.
Trevor Bills, a pharmacist with Life-Med Pharmacy, said seniors should refrain from taking pills that have already expired.
“You may not get the benefit that you want,” he said.
Seniors often take expired pills because they believe drugs typically last longer than their labels indicates due to drug companies wanting to make more money. While taking them isn't usually dangerous, they are often not as potent.
Bills also said seniors should get to know their pharmacist and get their medications from the same pharmacy consistently. Seniors should also talk to their pharmacist before acting on something the news or the Internet has claimed.
“We can give you the answer that's specific for your situation based on all the factors that surround your health,” he said.
Lyndsay Perkins, a physiotherapist assistant with Alberta Health Services, presented information on how seniors should be mindful of tripping hazards, particularly throw rugs.
“They are a large tripping hazard, especially if they don't stick to the floor,” she said.
Seniors should also take their time walking, properly put on their footwear and use a walker or cane if recommended. They should also be mindful of animals and children.
“They can be unpredictable,” Perkins said.
Whitecourt Fire Department deputy chief Wayne Andrusiak, went into detail about how seniors can prevent fires and what to do should one arise.
“If possible, plan two ways out of every room,” he said.
Some common causes of house fires include cooking and space heaters, but the biggest cause by far is smoking. Andrusiak said not to smoke in bed or where oxygen is used.
“If you do smoke, smoke outside,” he added.
Persa Kovich, the executive director at the McLeod River Primary Care Network (PCN), discussed several documents that anyone over 18 should consider getting.
“You certainly don't have to be a senior citizen to be looking to get these documents,” she said.
A personal directive, for example, is a legal document that allows one to name an agent to speak on their behalf should they be rendered unable to speak or communicate.
Physiotherapist Jessica Hein, paramedic Bill McAree and kinesiologist Jason Wampler also presented on home safety. The event was a part of Seniors' Week, which is held annually across Alberta during the first full week of June.
pshokeir@postmedia.com
VIRGINIA BEACH, Va. — Televangelist Pat Robertson is recovering after suffering an embolic stroke.
In an online news release, The Christian Broadcasting Network, which Robertson founded, says he was rushed to the nearest stroke centre Friday after a family member recognized the onset of symptoms.
The release says that within minutes of receiving clot-busting drugs, Robertson was awake, responsive and able to move all his limbs.
The Virginia-based network says 87-year-old Robertson is alert and expected to make a full recovery.
In addition to founding The Christian Broadcasting Network, Robertson hosts its flagship show “The 700 Club.”
An editorial from the Charlottetown Guardian, published May 28:
First, it was the “CSI effect.” That's the nickname lawyers gave to the idea that jury members in trials were convinced that all sorts of forensic tests — as seen on the television program “CSI: Crime Scene Investigation” — were not only critical to cases, but also nearly infallible.
Jury members expected cases to have broad forensic evidence, and felt prosecutors had fallen down on the job if a wide range of such evidence wasn't presented.
Now, there's something that could be called the “Google effect.”
Jury members are told to avoid reading media stories about the case they are hearing, and not to search for information outside of the court process.
But cases are popping up where jurors play investigator, tracking down information that's improper and even inaccurate, and then sharing it with other jury members.
As the Toronto Star reported last week, at least three Ontario trials have been affected by rogue jurors — one of whom went so far as to research the judge in the case and one defence lawyer, before building his own computer-designed crime scene map and giving it to other jurors.
Two of the cases had mistrials declared, one of which was a manslaughter and assault case in Barrie that had already involved six weeks of court time.
In an Ottawa civil case, a juror searched the province's Insurance Act regulations and told other jurors about a regulation that didn't even apply to the case at hand. In that case, the Star reported, a lawyer for the plaintiff also asked for a mistrial, saying in court documents, “How can justice be done between the parties when Google is the judge and the jury?”
Why do jurors head out on the Google trail, when they are specifically told not to look for information on the internet?
Perhaps because we're addicted to the electronic encyclopedias we carry — even though the material we gather from them might not be accurate or complete.
As Ontario's Court of Appeal put it in 2015, “the growing availability of and apparently insatiable appetite for information poses a formidable challenge to the right to a fair trial in the 21st century. Traditional forms of media have expanded onto the worldwide web. New forms of media have emerged as the web makes everyone a publisher, and social media help disseminate publications, both traditional and untraditional. It has become increasingly difficult to control the dissemination of information, with jurors able to use not only computers and tablets but also smartphones and even watches to access online material, and to curb the appetite of jurors for it. And with little quality control over content. The sensational trumps the accurate; fevered imaginings, truth.”
It's unfair — how can anyone address an issue that hasn't even been presented in court?
It's best to leave the investigation to the investigators.
PITTSBURGH (AP) - A Vietnam War veteran has finally received medals for his service after 45 years of waiting.
Francis McKenna was presented with the National Defense Service Medal, the Air Force Good Conduct Medal, the Air Force Longevity Service Award, the Vietnam Service Medal and a Vietnam Gallantry cross during a ceremony in Tarentum, about 20 miles northeast of Pittsburgh, according to the Tribune-Review .
McKenna, 67, joined the Air Force in 1969. He said he was originally designated for stateside service but volunteered to go overseas after another airman was expecting a baby.
While he participated in campaigns in Thailand, Laos and Cambodia, many of his missions were classified, leaving little proof he served.
McKenna returned to the U.S. and tried to get his records changed. He said the government denied his request over and over again. He eventually enlisted the help of veterans representatives Curt Hetrick and Greg Heinle.
Hetrick said they spent three years searching through military records for some sort of proof that McKenna served.
"I was ready to give up," he said.
Then they found a line that read "assigned to duty in Thailand September of 1971 to March of 1973."
That line was enough to show McKenna served and should receive the medals included for his service.
State Rep. Mike Doyle, who presented the medals, said it was "long overdue."
"You were certainly due these medals that I have the pleasure of pinning on you today," Doyle, a Democrat, told McKenna at Friday's ceremony.
___
Information from: Tribune-Review, http://triblive.com
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Ireland-based ASL Aviation Holdings has reorganized its Swiss operating unit ASL Airlines Switzerland and handed back the latter's air operator's certificate (AOC) to Swiss regulatory authorities. Although the crews and aircraft are still based in Switzerland, they now operate under the group's Irish AOC, ASL director-corporate affairs Andrew Kelly told ATW Feb. 2. ASL has operations in six European nations; it acquired its Swiss unit, formerly known as Farnair Group, in ...
By MARCIA DUNNAP Aerospace Writer
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) - A SpaceX capsule rocketed to the International Space Station on Monday, carrying tons of science research, plus ice cream.
As has become customary on these cargo flights, SpaceX landed its leftover booster back at Cape Canaveral shortly after liftoff, a key to its long-term effort to recycle rockets and reduce costs.
It was the 14th successful booster landing for SpaceX and the sixth on the giant X at the company's touchdown spot at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, just a few miles from its NASA-leased pad at Kennedy Space Center.
"X marks the spot for yet another picture-perfect landing," announced SpaceX Mission Control at company headquarters in Hawthorne, California.
Experiments make up most of the 6,400 pounds of cargo, which should reach the orbiting lab Wednesday. That includes 20 mice that will return alive inside the SpaceX Dragon capsule in about a month.
The Dragon is also doubling as an ice cream truck this time.
There was extra freezer space, so NASA packed little cups of vanilla, chocolate and birthday cake ice cream, as well as ice cream candy bars. Those treats should be especially welcomed by U.S. astronaut Peggy Whitson, in orbit since November. She's due back at the beginning of September. Newly arrived U.S. spaceman Randolph Bresnik turns 50 next month.
The space station was zooming 250 miles above the Atlantic, just off Nova Scotia, when the Falcon took flight.
The mice are part of a study of visual problems suffered in space by some male astronauts. Scientists will study the pressure in the animals' eyes, as well as the movement of fluid in their brains. Thirty days for mice in space is comparable to three years for humans, according to Florida State University Michael Delp, who's in charge of the experiment. The study may help explain why female astronauts don't have this vision problem, which can linger long after spaceflight, he added.
The Dragon also holds an instrument to measure cosmic rays from the space station. This type of device has previously flown on high-altitude balloons. The Army has an imaging microsatellite on board for release this fall from the station. It's a technology demo; the military wants to see how small satellites like this, with low-cost, off-the-shelf cameras and telescopes, might support critical ground operations. It's about the size of a dormitory-room refrigerator.
Also going up on behalf of the Michael J. Fox Foundation: protein crystals that, in space, might shed light on Parkinson's disease. The mission got a televised plug from Fox, an actor who has the disease.
Three Americans, one more than usual, and an Italian will tackle all this scientific work in orbit. The station also is home to two Russians; that number will go back up to three in a year or so.
This is the 13th delivery by SpaceX, one of two private shippers hired by NASA. The other is Orbital ATK; It's next supply run is in November from Wallops Island, Virginia.
The SpaceX Dragon is the only supply ship capable of returning items to Earth. It parachutes into the Pacific; the others burn up during re-entry.
This particular Dragon is brand new, as is the Falcon rocket. In June, SpaceX launched its first reused Dragon, and in March, its first reused Falcon. From now on, the company said it may only fly used Dragons.
SpaceX is also developing a crew Dragon for NASA astronauts, set to debut next year. Boeing is working on its own capsule to ferry space station astronauts.
In the meantime, SpaceX is aiming for a November debut of its Falcon Heavy rocket, which will feature three first-stage boosters and 27 engines, versus the single booster and nine engines on the Falcon 9. It will have two-thirds the thrust of NASA's Saturn V rocket, which was used during the Apollo moon program. All three of the Falcon Heavy's first-stage boosters are meant to fly back to a touchdown.
___
Online:
SpaceX: http://www.spacex.com/
NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/main/index.html
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
AC Milan should accept they are "ugly" and not aim to be like film star Brad Pitt, according to coach Gennaro Gattuso.
A run of three straight wins in Serie A has seen Gattuso's men climb to seventh in the table, with a 0-0 draw in the Coppa Italia semi-final first leg against Lazio on Wednesday extending their unbeaten run to six games in all competitions.
🎙 Coach Gattuso on the eve of #UdineseMilan: "@andrevsilva19 from the beginning? Might be"
💬 Read the boss's main quotes from the pre-match press conference:https://t.co/zy7BLN0CyJ#weareacmilan 🔴⚫ pic.twitter.com/MfrnqgGaT1 — AC Milan (@acmilan) February 3, 2018
Milan have been grinding out results under the former Italy midfielder, who believes talk of a challenge for Champions League qualification is premature.
"I know my ideas and the hard work of my staff," Gattuso told reporters ahead of Sunday's trip to Udinese.
"I keep my feet on the ground and try not to read too much that is said about me, because I know there's a long way to go.
"We must not forget what people were saying about us only six weeks ago, otherwise we'll regress.
"We're not Brad Pitt now, we've got to continue being as ugly as me and my beard, with dark circles under our eyes.
"I hear talk of a Champions League place, but we're not even in the Europa League spots now.
"We are doing well because we are working well. The boys deserve it. We are a solid group, united. It's important that everyone rows in the same direction because I need all my players, those who don't get much playing time too.
"I understand everyone wants to play, but I don't want to see a negative attitude and it's my job to prevent this from happening."
Although Milan spent heavily on players ahead of the 2017-18 season, homegrown striker Patrick Cutrone has been one of their stars.
The 20-year-old scored the opening goal in a 2-1 victory at home to Lazio in Milan's last Serie A game and Gattuso believes the academy product has a bright future.
"Patrick is ready to do everything," Gattuso said. "He has great enthusiasm, he's always ready to come on.
"He's young and we need him not only for his goals but for how he plays for the team."
Sunday's trip to Udinese sees Gattuso go up against Massimo Oddo, another member of Italy's victorious squad at the 2006 World Cup.
"I shared so much with Massimo Oddo," Gattuso said. "He's an intelligent and funny guy whose success speaks for him.
"He got a few slaps in the face from me for his pranks, as we had very different ideas on how to prepare for a game.
"We need an excellent performance tomorrow to get a result. Udinese are physically strong, they force teams back, but also counter very quickly. We can't get anything wrong, as at the moment only Napoli and Juventus are on better form."
PARIS — Corsican nationalists swept elections Sunday on the French Mediterranean island of Corsica for a new regional assembly, crushing President Emmanuel Macron's young centrist movement and traditional parties.
The nationalists on the once-restive island of 320,000 people want more autonomy from Paris but unlike those in the nearby Spanish region of Catalonia, they aren't seeking full independence — yet.
In what French media called an unprecedented score, a coalition of moderate and harder-line nationalists won 56.5 per cent of the vote in Sunday's second-round election, according to figures from the Interior Ministry. Local media showed nationalists sing Corsican songs and celebrating in the streets after the results were announced.
The nationalist coalition, which also won the most votes in the first round a week ago, will have 41 of the 63 seats in the new assembly, which takes office Jan. 1 after a territorial reform replacing previous assemblies. Candidates from Macron's Republic on the Move! party won just six seats.
On the ballot were nationalist issues such as amnesty for political prisoners, the recognition of Corsican as the official language alongside French and protections for locals who want to buy real estate on the popular destination that the French refer to as the “Island of Beauty,” which is also rich in history and famed as the birthplace of Napoleon.
The nationalists formed an alliance between the more popular, moderate group led by Gilles Simeoni, who wants devolved power, and a fiery movement led by Jean-Guy Talamoni, who aims to eventually get full autonomy for Corsica, though not immediately.
The vote came a day after French Basques marched through Paris demanding the release of fellow Basques held in prisons around the country for separatist activity.
Far away in the South Pacific, the French territory of New Caledonia is preparing for a referendum on self-rule next year.
——
Associated Press writer Angela Charlton in Paris contributed to this report.
Midzi death inquest postponed indefinitely
NewsDay
THE inquest into the death of former Zanu PF Harare provincial chairman, Amos Midzi, who is suspected to have committed suicide at his Beatrice farm in June 2015, has been postponed indefinitely although police say they have completed investigations …
False start to Midzi death inquest The Herald
all 2 news articles »
Crisis: Citizens flee Southern Kaduna
Members of Asso community in Kagoma, Jemaa Local Government Area of Southern Kaduna, on Monday,have decided to flee the community following the continuous unrest in the city and attack by Herdsmen. That attack claimed no fewer than 12 lives while scores of residents sustained gunshot injuries. The renewed attack came on the heels of relative …
The post Crisis: Citizens flee Southern Kaduna appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Chelsea and Liverpool are chasing Uruguayan starlet Gustavo Vieira, according to Italian newspaper Corriere dello Sport.
The 16-year-old striker is currently on the books of Liverpool's Uruguayan namesakes, but is tipped to make the move to Europe.
He is also said to be a target for Serie A champions Juventus, which explains the Italian media's interest in Vieira's situation.
The youngster is on the fringes of Montevideo-based Liverpool's first team, having made his senior debut at the start of the year. He has made 10 appearances for the club to date, albeit mainly cameos from the bench, with his total playing time only totalling 230 minutes so far.
He is already a Uruguay Under-19 international.
Vieira does not turn 18 until October 2018, which means a transfer to a European club will not be possible until the January 2019 transfer window.
But Real Madrid's recent signing of Flamengo's Vinícius Júnior is an example of a similar deal being done early and the player staying at their previous club until their 18th birthday.
Log analytics is a common big data use case that allows you to analyze log data from websites, mobile devices, servers, sensors, and more for a wide variety of applications such as digital marketing, application monitoring, fraud detection, ad tech, gaming, and IoT. Moving your log analytics to real time can speed up your time to information allowing you to get insights in seconds or minutes instead of hours or days. In this session, you will learn how to ingest and deliver logs with no infrastructure using Amazon Kinesis Firehose. We will show how Amazon Kinesis Analytics can be used to process log data in real time to build responsive analytics. Finally, we will show how to use Amazon Elasticsearch Service to interactively query and visualize your log data.
Learning Objectives:
Understand how to easily build an end to end, real time log analytics solution
Get an overview of collecting and processing data in real-time using Amazon Kinesis
Learn how to Interactively query and visualize your log data using Amazon Elasticsearch Service
This video is from the fine folks at Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Exclusive: Executive producer Damien Timmer gives us the inside scoop on the latest series of the Inspector Morse prequel – as well as a few hints at what we can expect in the future. Contains spoilers
As well as being the usual head-scratching mystery for Shaun Evans' troubled detective, the series five finale of Inspector Morse prequel Endeavour was also a massive gamechanger for the drama as a whole.
Advertisement
With the Cowley CID team facing a very uncertain future and key characters seeming to say goodbye to the series forever, you might have thought things couldn't get any worse – but then, the unimaginable happened…
Warning – spoilers ahead
You see, the latest episode also included the shock death of Lewis Peek's DC George Fancy, a new character introduced this year who was apparently caught in the crossfire of a gang war in the latter half of the story. After his death, Cowley police station was shuttered and the team found themselves headed to separate postings, while WPC Trewlove (Dakota Blue Richards) went off to pasture new and DCI Fred Thursday (Roger Allam) was forced to put off his retirement.
So what's next for the series? The new set of feature length films will be set in 1969, and will be be filmed later this year ready for a release in 2019.
“As our story reaches the last year of the 1960s, and mankind makes its giant leap, all at #TeamEndeavour look forward to exploring further early chapters in the casebook of Colin Dexter's beloved creation,” creator Russell Lewis teased.
To find out more, we caught up with Endeavour's executive producer Damien Timmer, who revealed that DC Fancy was doomed from the start, how real-life historical events influenced writer Russell Lewis' finale, and exactly what we can expect for the newly-announced sixth series of the drama.
Spoiler alert: the times, they are a-changin'.
Hi Damien – there's a bit of a shake up at the end of this series, with characters moving to different places. What was the thinking behind that?
Because of the real life change in 1968 with the birth of Thames Valley Police, it felt creatively like a good time to challenge our characters and have them leave their police home. More pragmatically, we have had to leave our production base in Beaconsfield, and this is a chance for a new studio build in a new home.
Russell Lewis enjoyed the idea of shaking it up, as you put it, because the dynamic between Endeavour, Thursday, Bright, Strange, has been set since series one. Now, five series into it, we rather enjoyed the fact that history forced us into a change in the dynamic.
Did it need a refresh?
In a very positive way, Russell takes our 1960s timeline very seriously, and since the pilot he has enjoyed locating particular Endeavour seasons and individual Endeavour stories very clearly in a particular time. So, for example, in series three, there was a story called Prey which was set in the time of the Six-Day War.
In series five we have enjoyed glancing to real historical events – the assassination of Martin Luther King, for example, kind of informs one of the stories. We think it just gives it another layer.
We've known for years, in truth, at some point that we'd have to leave the world of Oxford City police. We've rather enjoyed throwing things up in the air.
So as the characters move to new stations, could it lead to us seeing some more modern policing techniques in any future series?
Yes, I think it absolutely would.
How would the characters we've grown to know and love still interact if they're all working in different stations? Will we be meeting a lot of new characters?
You'll have to wait and see! It throws everything up in the air. And I suppose things land, pieces land in strange situations. And it might take some time to sort things out, and it's possible that things are never quite the same again.
We've really enjoyed spending quite a few years of the 1960s with that sort of police family, and seeing Endeavour develop in that, when in series one he is very much an outsider. Superintendent Bright, played by Anton Lesser, is incredibly suspicious of him. He's a very isolated figure.
And by the time you leave series five, he's much more accepted by that group, and they have become a real police family. It feels interesting to put them all under this new pressure.
Thursday seems to be retiring for most of the series, which had me pessimistically assuming he was going to die! Was there an attempt to lead the audience in that direction?
Well, part of his arc for the series was Thursday coming to a point where it feels to him that the old order is changing. And for Win, his wife, this sense of emotional retirement is quite appealing. And it's set up pretty early on in the series that his ne'er-do-well brother borrows money from him, and it was always there in Russell's mind that that wasn't going to work out, and be one of the factors that makes it difficult for Thursday to leave.
And one of the things that the show has always been preoccupied with is the world changing around our heroes, and I think that's very appropriate when dealing with a character like Thursday who has spent a very long time, has grown up in that Oxford City police force, and feels that perhaps this is time for him to take his leave. But events conspire against him.
I don't think that's tricking the audience. I think that's just, hopefully, a pleasing story.
Of course, the death of DC George Fancy is one of the big shocks of the episode – was it always intended that he'd have that one-season arc?
It was! Unfortunately for the very talented Lewis Peek, who plays him, yes, he was dead before he was written. Because we had six films this year, we knew we had a little bit more time to explore the different character dynamics.
The feeling was we'd spent a lot of time seeing Endeavour as Thursday's protégé, but that in a way that perhaps prefigures Inspector Morse, it was interesting to see Endeavour, since his promotion, play the part of a mentor himself.
We liked the idea of a relationship with a young protégé that begins badly, then gets a little bit better but not very much better – Endeavour and Fancy were never a great love match. But that ended in tragedy. That was always Russell's design.
The final scenes of the episode suggest that the hunt for whoever killed him is the arc for the next series – is that the idea?
It's certainly something that will preoccupy the characters, yes.
On a similar topic, is this the last we'll see of WPC Trewlove, as played by Dakota Blue Richards? She heads off to join Scotland Yard in the finale
This is the end of Trewlove for now – Dakota told us she wanted to leave at the beginning of last year, so we planned series five to give her the arc with Fancy and build to his demise and her leaving. But the door is always open for return appearances!
For the next series, would you like to have another long six-episode run like you did this year, as opposed to the usual four?
It's a punishing thing, doing six films, because Russell Lewis writes every word. And writing 12 hours of new material is a really serious undertaking. It was never seen as becoming the norm, is my slightly obtuse answer.
Some fans thought Endeavour was more like John Thaw's Morse this series – was there an attempt to bridge the gap?
I noticed that people seemed to feel that in various films. We've now made I think 23 films including the pilot, and across those we've wanted to show incrementally how the character could go from being this relatively fresh-faced young policeman to the character who we all know and love as John Thaw's Inspector Morse.
Were you to sit down and watch them all, I think you'd see a subtle yet certain gentle transformation there. He has become more forthright, or the people around him listen to him slightly more. He has become a little bit more sure of himself, and is perhaps quicker to anger than he originally was. But I think that's been a creeping thing across the series.
I think perhaps we felt it more this year because we've had six films instead of four.
In classic episode Masonic Mysteries, Morse said his mentor was Inspector McNutt – is that a character we could see in Endeavour?
Well, we already know McNutt's fate from the Inspector Morse story Masonic Mysteries. With DCI Thursday, only Russell Lewis knows what happens to him – which I think raises the stakes in our Endeavour story. We know Morse's fate, but we have to keep watching to find out Fred's!
Russell didn't want to have McNutt at the beginning, because he had a very strong sense of Fred Thursday and the Thursday family. We absolutely love Fred Thursday, we love Roger Allam as Fred Thursday, Roger Allam enjoys playing him and I think the audience would now be incredibly shortchanged if Fred were to go and McNutt were to enter.
That's not to say that we won't at some point meet Inspector McNutt – he has been mentioned onscreen hitherto, but he has not yet appeared.
Looking forward, could you do any other Morse spin-offs, say about Laurence Fox's Hathaway from Lewis?
Hathaway was an extremely popular character! But we have truly, genuinely found the world of Endeavour that Colin Dexter showed us and which Russell has taken so much ownership of, has really kept us very creatively fulfilled. And we're so happy being in that world for now.
23 films in, we're still finding that very stimulating and we have no plans for anything like that. Endeavour is where our focus is.
And finally – could you give us the inside scoop on all those clever references hidden away in Russell's scripts every week?
Russ enjoys sneaking in pop culture refs into his scripts, ranging from Kate Bush lyrics to Terry Pratchett. Some of them we spot, others only become evident on transmission.
I love Chinatown, but hadn't noticed where Thursday's “Forget it sergeant, that's Summertown” line came from until Twitter told me on transmission!
Advertisement
Endeavour will return for a sixth series
Much was expected from Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe when he stepped to the podium in Charlottesville on Sunday. The governor, whose previous roles include chairman of the Democratic National Committee, and chairman for Hillary Clinton's 2008 primary campaign, held a press conference to respond to the deadly violence that descended on Charlottesville over the weekend. During his address, McAuliffe confirmed the deaths of three people—H. Jay Cullen and Berke M. M. Bates, two state troopers monitoring the scene in a helicopter, as well as Heather Heyer, a counterprotester who was mowed down by a vehicle allegedly driven by James Fields, Jr., who reportedly consorted with white supremacists and their ideas.
But then McAuliffe failed to clear a stumbling block when he told white supremacists and neo-Nazis to go home. “You pretend that you are patriots,” he said. “You want to talk about patriots? Talk about Thomas Jefferson and George Washington, who brought our country together.” And in invoking one President who repeatedly raped his wife's enslaved half-sister, and another who conscripted relatives and federal employees to re-enslave a Black woman, Virginia's governor demonstrated why the current political and media class not only lack the necessary answers, they fundamentally misunderstand the question.
Many criticized President Trump for his hastily arranged press conference on Saturday, in which he refused to name and condemn white supremacists, and proceeded to cast the blame for the violence “on many sides.” He was again criticized for a speech on Monday, wherein he did condemn “criminals and thugs, including KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other hate groups,” but only did so after a day of being roundly lambasted by everyone left of, well, the KKK, neo-Nazis, and white supremacists. It was indeed a high-water mark in the tidal wave of political cowardice that has defined his first year in office. But there isn't much to be expected of a President who not only courts white nationalists, but employs them within his administration. Condemnation of white supremacist violence rings hollow when it comes from a man who told police officers not to worry about injuring suspects during arrest, encouraged his supporters to violently remove protesters from a campaign rally, and once took out an advertisement in the New York Times to call for the execution of five Black boys who later turned out to be innocent of the crimes for which they were charged.
Trump has deliberately carved out a space in the modern iteration of Know-Nothingism that has polarized a new generation of lonely and aggrieved white men. On the other hand, McAuliffe—as well as his peers in the centrist wing of the Democratic party—have failed to stamp out white supremacist ideology, in part because properly addressing it would condemn the constituency of white centrists who themselves benefit from a society rooted in white supremacy. What else to make of his praise of state and local law enforcement, who not only met to Unite the Right's armed militia-like presence with passive observance, but were nowhere to be found as Black counter-protester Deandre Harris was beaten bloody with poles by white men in a parking garage literally right next to the police station?
How else to parse his boast that zero shots were fired and zero property was damaged, after finding out three were killed and dozens injured when they were run down in the street like dogs? And what is anyone to make of the juxtaposition between police whisking Jason Kessler, the “pro-white” organizer of Saturday's white supremacist rally, to safety, while Black Lives Matter organizers have consistently been tear-gassed and arrested while peacefully marching in support of brothers and sisters killed by police violence?
On the Friday night before the rally, a prayer service was held at St. Paul's Memorial, an Episcopal church located at the University of Virginia. Within its halls, faith leaders, academics, and activists gathered in solidarity for a response to white supremacists that planned to march on Charlottesville the next morning. Outside the church doors, dozens of white men gathered in solidarity to surround and intimidate the congregants. Echoing the Klan rallies of a previous century, they carried torches, shouted white power slogans, and assaulted the outnumbered students who stood bravely in counter-protest.
The intimidation, the protest, the violence, the death—all of these are ugly to behold. McAuliffe's words (and to the extent he managed, President Trump's as well) were meant to establish the what happened in Charlottesville as outside the norms. Many voices from across the political spectrum have sought to establish that “This is not America.” But what happened in Charlottesville is all of a piece with America's own ugly history.
Charlottesville has been described as “quaint” and “picturesque” in the aftermath of this weekend's clash, but its soil has long been stained with the bloody legacy of slavery. The University of Virginia, the site of the rally, was itself built in part by the enslaved. Thomas Jefferson himself helped found the university, and local slaveholders earned a handsome profit in leasing the Black bodies they held in bondage to the school's construction. Walk 15 minutes east of St. Paul's Memorial Church, and you will find yourself at the First Baptist Church, whose congregation was established in 1864. At the time, Black church congregations were legally barred from organizing without white leadership, a rule tracing back to the slave state backlash against Denmark Vesey's rebellion.
Walk anywhere within Charlottesville proper, and you will find yourself within Virginia's 5th congressional district, first represented by President James Madison, a slaveholder who would go on to become the fourth President of the United States. Less than a century after Madison held the seat, the 5th District was represented by Thomas Bocock, who not only resigned to become a Confederate congressman, but re-emerged after the Civil War to become one of the architects of the Jim Crow laws that segregated the South. When the Supreme Court of the United States struck down school segregation, Charlottesville was one of the many cities in Virginia which opted to close their white schools, rather than allow a single negro to enter their halls. White supremacy has not only been welcomed throughout Charlottesville's history, it is bound within the city's DNA. And yet, the belief somehow prevails among the sensible political class that “This is not America.”
When Gov. McAuliffe, a banker and real estate developer hailing from New York, says “you are not welcome here” to a group of white supremacists rallying to the call of a blogger—who, by the way, lives in Charlottesville—and then extols the patriotism of men who have unquestionably enslaved and raped other human beings, he is not equipped to have the conversation. When McAuliffe makes note of whether shots were fired or windows were broken, after white-supremacist violence sent dozens of people to the hospital and one person to the morgue, his moral compass is improperly calibrated for judgment. But all of this is commensurate with a country whose politics are dependent on presenting history as a series of disconnected snapshots, rather than reconciling its past evils to present injustices.
McAuliffe does not shoulder the blame on his own; all he managed to do is confirm there's no help coming from on high. At least for now, those on the wrong side of the colour line are on their own. White America, less dedicated to reconciling its history than denying its legacy, offers little hope that what happened in Charlottesville won't happen again.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Akron, Ohio-based Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company has agreed to pay $1.75 million in penalties and overhaul its health and safety program after four fatalities occurred at its Danville, Va. plant over the course of a year.
Jeanie Strader, Kevin Waid Edmond, Charles “Greg” Cooper and William Scheier were killed at the facility between August 2015 and August 2016. Eleven subsequent investigations discovered numerous violations at the plant, which manufactures aviation and specialty tires.
“USW Local Union 831L is pleased that this process has concluded with a very positive settlement agreement that will benefit all of us working at the Danville Goodyear plant now and in the future,” said Danny Barber, president, USW Local Union 831L in a statement. “While nothing will replace our sister and brothers who were fatally injured, the elements of the settlement agreement between VOSH and Goodyear will greatly improve safety at the Danville Plant.”
The multifaceted agreement lays out a process for addressing workplace hazards such as machine guarding, fall protection, adequate training and forklift safety, all which contributed in some way to the fatalities. In addition, the company has a new manager to oversee changes at the plant, which employs 2,200 workers.
“Goodyear is committed to working in partnership with the Commonwealth of Virginia and the United Steelworkers to continually identify hazards and improve the safety of our Danville plant, with the goal of acceptance in the Commonwealth's Voluntary Protection Program,” said Greg Kerr, plant manager, Goodyear Danville to the press. “On a personal note, having been recently named Danville's plant manager, I want to assure the Danville community and all my coworkers that nothing is more important to me or Goodyear than the safety of our associates.”
Read More
EHS Today is an IndustryWeek companion site within Penton's Manufacturing & Supply Chain Group.
JACKSON, Miss. — Mississippi lawmakers pushed ahead Friday with a bill to ban most abortions after 15 weeks of pregnancy, which would be the earliest ban nationwide and create a possible court challenge.
Mississippi already bans most abortions after 20 weeks. It's tied with North Carolina for the nation's earliest ban.
Members of the Republican-controlled House on Friday passed House Bill 1510 by a vote of 79-31, with Republicans and some Democrats supporting it. The measure would allow exceptions if a woman's life is endangered or a fetus has a severe abnormality. The bill goes to the state Senate for more debate.
House Judiciary B Committee Chairman Andy Gipson, a Braxton Republican, said Mississippi wants to prevent women from being adversely affected by abortion.
“Women deserve real health care, not some fake health care that involves the destruction of human life and a woman's health,” said Gipson, a lawyer and Baptist minister.
Felicia Brown-Williams, state director for Planned Parenthood Advocates Southeast, has called the proposal unconstitutional, saying the U.S. Supreme Court won't allow bans before a fetus can live outside the womb.
“This is just another fancy way of telling a woman what to do with her body and when to do it,” said Rep. Sonya Williams-Barnes, a Gulfport Democrat. She and other opponents said they found it hypocritical that anti-abortion advocates were focused on child and female health in this bill, saying the state neglects those issues later in life.
“Do you feel the state of Mississippi really cares for our children, given the way they treat the born children in this state?” asked Oscar Denton, a Vicksburg Democrat.
Mississippi already bans most abortions after 20 weeks after a woman's last menstrual period, which is tied with North Carolina for the nation's earliest ban according to the Guttmacher Institute, a group which opposes abortion restrictions. Other states with 20-week bans start counting pregnancy two weeks later.
The move comes as abortion opponents nationwide are probing whether the U.S. Supreme Court will approve laws that limit abortion before a fetus is viable outside the womb, the dividing line that the high court set in its 1973 ruling saying that women have the right to terminate pregnancies.
Randy Beck, a law professor at the University of Georgia, said a 2007 Supreme Court ruling that allowed certain abortion procedures to be banned opened the possibility of moving away from viability. But 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals overturned efforts by Arkansas and North Dakota to impose earlier bans in 2015, and the U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear those states' appeals in 2016.
The Mississippi bill would allow exceptions if a fetus wouldn't survive outside the womb, or when the woman is threatened with death or permanent impairment of a “major bodily function.” Those are the same exceptions in the current 20-week ban.
Rep. Becky Currie, the bill's sponsor and a Brookhaven Republican, said it was appropriate for Mississippi to impose an earlier threshold to cut off abortion, saying most women have known for months that they're pregnant.
“At that time, it's time to decide whether you're going to carry this child or not,” Currie said.
No one has legally challenged Mississippi's 20-week ban, but Diane Derzis, who owns the state's only abortion clinic in Jackson, has said she passed on a challenge because her Jackson Women's Health Organization didn't perform abortions after 20 weeks. However, she said Tuesday that her clinic does perform abortions for about three weeks past the new proposed ban. Gipson said state records show about 200 abortions a year are performed on women who are between 15 and 20 weeks pregnant.
The U.S. Senate on Monday rejected legislation designed to ban abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy. The vote was 51-46, shy of the 60-vote threshold to advance the legislation.
——
Follow Jeff Amy on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy . Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/Jeff–Amy .
Former Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) Treasurer, Jyoti Bajpayi died in Kanpur late on Wednesday, a family member said on Thursday. Bajpayi, 80, was keeping unwell for a long time.
Bajpayi was one of the most respected sports administrators of Uttar Pradesh and had held many important posts like Treasurer and Joint Secretary in the BCCI.
He was credited with bringing some big matches to Kanpur's Green Park stadium and for honing local talent.
Uttar Pradesh Cricket Association Director S.K. Agarwal said, “Bajpayi will always be remembered for his contribution to cricket and for encouraging local talent”.
Congress leader and Indian Premier League (IPL) Commissioner Rajeev Shukla also condoled Bajpayi's demise and termed it “a great loss to sports”.
(AP Photo/Andrew Harnik). Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford, right, and United States Forces Korea Commander Gen. Vincent Brooks, second from right, greets a helicopter flight crew as he arrives at Osan Air Base, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Pyeon...
By RICHARD LARDNER
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - Senior U.S. national security officials said Sunday that a military confrontation with North Korea's is not imminent, but they cautioned that the possibility of war is greater than it was a decade ago.
CIA Director Mike Pompeo and Army Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster, President Trump's national security adviser, tried to provide assurances that a conflict is avoidable, while also supporting Trump's tough talk. They said the United States and its allies no longer can afford to stand by as North Korea pushes ahead with the development of a nuclear-tipped intercontinental ballistic missile.
"We're not closer to war than a week ago but we are closer to war than we were a decade ago," McMaster said, adding that the Trump administration is prepared to deal militarily with North Korea if necessary.
But he stressed that the U.S. is pursuing "a very determined diplomatic effort" led by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson that's coupled with new financial sanctions to dissuade North Korean leader Kim Jong-un from further provocations.
"The U.S. military is locked and loaded every day," McMaster said, repeating Trump's threat.
Pompeo said "there's nothing imminent today," in response to a question about how worried should people be over the escalating tensions. He said the U.S. has a "pretty good idea" of North Korea's intentions, but Pompeo declined to provide specifics. The CIA chief described Kim as "rational" and responsive to "adverse circumstances."
"The reaction in North Korea that we are intending to get is an understanding that America is no longer going to have the strategic patience that it's had that has permitted him to continue to develop his weapons program," Pompeo said. "It's that straightforward."
The top U.S. military officer, Marine Corps Gen. Joseph Dunford, is traveling in Asia and expected to meet with leaders in South Korea, Japan and China. Dunford, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told reporters traveling with him that he aims to "sense what the temperature is in the region." He also will discuss military options in the event the "diplomatic and economic pressurization campaign" fails.
"We're all looking to get out of this situation without a war," Dunford said.
China's president, Xi Jinping, made a plea for cool-headedness in a phone conversation with Trump on Saturday, urging both sides to avoid words or actions that could worsen the situation.
The call came after Trump made fresh threats against North Korea on Friday, declaring the U.S. military "locked and loaded" and warning Kim that he "will regret it fast" if he takes any action against U.S. territories or allies.
Trump has pushed China to pressure North Korea to halt a nuclear weapons program that is nearing the capability of targeting the United States. China is the North's biggest economic partner and source of aid, but says it alone can't compel its wayward ally to end its nuclear and missile programs.
The White House said in a statement that Trump and Xi "agreed North Korea must stop its provocative and escalatory behavior." It also said that the two "reiterated their mutual commitment to denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula."
State-run China Central Television quoted Xi as telling Trump the "relevant parties must maintain restraint and avoid words and deeds that would exacerbate the tension on the Korean Peninsula."
But Trump on Friday appeared to set another red line - the mere utterance of threats - that would trigger a U.S. attack against North Korea and "big, big trouble" for Kim.
North Korea's Minju Joson newspaper said in an editorial Saturday that the North's army is "capable of fighting any war the U.S. wants."
The tough talk capped a week in which long-standing tensions between the countries risked abruptly boiling over.
New U.N. sanctions condemning North Korea's rapidly developing nuclear program drew fresh ire and threats from the North. Trump, responding to a report that U.S. intelligence indicates Pyongyang can now put a nuclear warhead on its long-range missiles, vowed to rain down "fire and fury" if challenged.
The North then came out with a threat to lob four intermediate-range "Hwasong-12" missiles near Guam, a tiny U.S. territory some 2,000 miles (3,200 kilometers) from the North's capital, Pyongyang.
Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., welcomed Trump's pugnacious approach, arguing that many of the president's critics failed to stop North Korea from developing a nuclear weapon that could hit the United States.
"President Trump inherited a mess," Graham said. "All those smart people who are criticizing his rhetoric and his policy, how well did you do?"
Pompeo and Graham were on "Fox News Sunday," and McMaster appeared on ABC's "This Week."
___
Associated Press photojournalist Andrew Harnik in Seoul, South Korea, contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bursary places for gifted pupils are on offer at what is said to be Cheshire's top performing sixth form.
The five new bursaries at The Queen's School sixth form in Chester are being made available to celebrate the school's 140th anniversary in September.
The anniversary bursaries are described as reflecting the ethos of the school which opened its doors in 1878 to give local girls ‘a thorough education at a reasonable cost'.
Since then the school's reputation has grown but its values of scholarship, character and community have stayed the same, it argues.
Acting headmistress Joanne Keville explained: “2018 is a significant year for Queen's. In our anniversary year it is fitting that we celebrate by giving something back to the community which has sustained us and enabled the school to thrive and grow over the past 140 years.
“Life at Queen's has an unashamedly academic pulse so the successful applicants will need to work hard. In sixth form girls take the Queen's School Baccalaureate, a bespoke qualification which has been developed to give pupils the best chance of securing a place on their chosen university course.
“It includes A-Levels, an extended project, enrichment activities and online extension courses. Girls also attend our lecture programmes and take part in organised discussion groups based on their subject choices.
“Also we never underestimate how much the girls learn from each other in a community of like-minded hard-working peers.
“The results prove that our approach is working. Last year we achieved the best A-Level results in Cheshire and Wirral and this year a fifth of the year group are holding offers for Oxbridge colleges and highly competitive courses such as medicine, dentistry and veterinary science courses.”
(Image: The Queen's School)
She continued: “We hope this process enables us to offer five pupils, who would not otherwise be able to attend Queen's, the chance to benefit from what we have to offer here.”
The bursaries are to be awarded based on the results of an examination to be held in the summer term following GCSEs.
Recipients will also need to meet the minimum requirements for entry to Queen's sixth form – seven GCSEs at grade 6 or above with at least a 7 in chosen subjects – and all offers are subject to a headteacher's reference.
The school added: “Whilst this is an academic award the school has allocated bursary funding alongside to enable girls to take up a place if their family is unable to pay the fees. This will be subject to independent means-testing but could mean full fee remission.”
Those interested in applying for one of the bursaries should call Queen's admissions officer Jane Taylor on 01244 312078, email her on admissions@thequeensschool.co.uk or register their interest at www.thequeensschool.co.uk before May 4 for entry into the sixth form for September 2018.
Double Up Dance, June 24, 10:30 a.m., Fairfield Theatre Company, 70 Sanford St., Fairfield. Dance recital. Tickets $25. Info: fairfieldtheatre.org.
Dancing at Dusk: Reena Shah, June 27, 5 p.m., Caramoor Center for Music and Arts, 149 Girdle Ridge Rd., Katonah. Tickets $14. Info: caramoor.org.
Ballet Under the Stars, July 15, 7:30 p.m., Ives Concert Park on the WCSU Westside campus, 43 Lake Ave. Danbury. The Connecticut Ballet will present Ballet under the Stars featuring Pulse by Darrell Grand Moultrie. A free onstage Ballroom Class will be offered from 6 to 7 p.m. with Ted Thomas. Tickets $10. Info: ivesconcertpark.com.
Have your say
Police are appealing for witnesses following a burglary in Mundford on Saturday.
Cash was stolen from a property in Impson Way after burglars gained access through a kitchen window which had been left open while the householder was out at about 11.40am.
The garden shed was also searched but nothing was taken.
Police are urging people to lock windows and doors before going out.
Anyone who may have seen suspicious activity in the area who has information is asked to contact Detective Constable Claire Lordan at Thetford CID on 101 or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111.
The Southern Pacific Archaeological Research (SPAR) unit form The University of Otago has uncovered a Māori Village in Gisborne that is believed to have been from the 14th century.
SPAR has recently completed their third visit to the site and amongst the findings were moa bones and other food items, fish hooks manufactured of moa bone and stone tools made of obsidian and chert.
The site was located on the edge of an old riverbed. The obsidian (volcanic glass) was used by early Māori settlers as simple cutting tools. The materials found are estimated to date back to the early 1300s.
University of Otago Professor of Archaeology, Richard Walter says, “We don't know as much about the early occupation around this part of the coastline as we do in other parts of the country, There are not too many of these very, early sites and so this one is filling the gaps.”
The area has a significant history as the first landing place of waka which carried Māori to the district; and the first contact between Māori and explorer James Cook taking place on the river in 1769.
Walter says the chances of finding a village in the area are quite high due to the amount of material found on the site.
The site was discovered through Heritage New Zealand Pouhere Taonga's archaeological consent process.
Heritage New Zealand Pouhere Taonga's Director Regional Services Pam Bain says, “This really is a great example of the archaeological consent process working well where all the groups involved have been working together to get the best possible outcome for this very important place.”
The artefacts and remains are currently being analysed by the SPAR team in Otago before returning them to their rightful owners.
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
After over a year spent immersing himself in the world of the culinary arts, Action Bronson has returned to doing what he really does best, ripping off bars over infectious backbeats. The New York emcee marked his return to the world of hip-hop today by unveiling a brand-new single “Let Me Breathe” from his upcoming album Blue Chips 7000.
The song carries a bouncy, upbeat vibe that marries perfectly with warm weather and windows down driving. Bronson catches the vibe perfectly, rapping, “It's too hot drop the top off the wagon / Lay back blowing fire like dragon / Man I'm flying past Saturn / F**k outta here like I ain't that savage.”
In conjunction with the single, Bronson chopped it up with Zane Lowe on Beats 1 where he revealed why he chose this particular song to kick off his album campaign. “I just gotta let motherf**kers let me breathe for a second man,” he said. Everyone wants to f**king pull you all different types of ways but nah. Just chill out, shut the f**k up and let me breathe!” As for Blue Chips 7000 as a whole? Bronson calls it, “U2 on steroids.”
Check out “Let Me Breathe” in the video above.
Companies Collaborate to Release First Turbonomic-Powered Reference Architecture for VMware vSphere; RoundTower Sees Strong Growth as Go-To Turbonomic Technology Partner
Turbonomic, the leading provider of autonomic performance for the hybrid cloud, announced today that its long-time channel partner, RoundTower Technologies, has become a Turbonomic Platinum Partner. This exclusive tier is part of Turbonomic's 360o Partner Program announced less than a year ago. RoundTower and Turbonomic recently invested in advanced certification training through Turbonomic's Accreditation Program to position RoundTower to deliver on complex customer use cases such as public cloud migration and hybrid cloud design. In addition, the two companies collaborated to release the first Turbonomic Reference Architecture for VMware vSphere.
RoundTower is an advanced technology solution provider that delivers innovative solutions and services in the areas of data center infrastructure, converged platforms, cloud automation and orchestration, DevOps, and data analytics. Its mission is to enable its customers to drive positive business outcomes by becoming more agile and efficient through the use of technology. RoundTower's investment in its autonomic computing practice positions it as the go-to Turbonomic technology partner for any customer need.
“Our decision to invest in our Turbonomic practice is consistent with our strategy to be a vendor-agnostic, strategic partner to our customers based purely on their business need. In addition, we're committed to being a leading solution provider when it comes to our technical knowledge and certifications,” said René van den Bedem, Cloud Automation & DevOps Practice Manager at RoundTower. “The real value of Turbonomic comes from the fact that it integrates with a wide variety of endpoints regardless of cloud, infrastructure or architecture, and enables us to be an elite vendor-agnostic solution provider. We are particularly excited to make the Reference Architecture available not only for our customers, but for the Turbonomic partner community as a whole.”
“RoundTower has been an exemplary Turbonomic partner for over three years and we're incredibly pleased to support its success through the 360o Partner Program,” said Sean Finnegan, VP of Channel Sales at Turbonomic. “Growing our ecosystem with advanced partners like RoundTower is extremely important for our go-to-market strategy, particularly to meet the demands for complex Turbonomic use cases.”
Advanced Certification Training & Reference Architecture
Last month, RoundTower hosted Turbonomic for a weeklong advanced training and certification course for 25 RoundTower cloud automation practice team members and two customers. This advanced certification enables RoundTower to fully demonstrate the Turbonomic platform to its customers and integrate it with even the most complex environments. It is critical to validate that the Turbonomic solutions delivered to the market align with and address real customer problems, regardless of complexity.
“We are excited about the increasing number of customers and partners who have earned Turbonomic ACE certification,” said Orna Kliger, Senior Director of the Turbonomic Circle of Excellence. “They learn how to maximize the value of their investment in our platform, and we gain so much from their perspective.”
The Powered by Turbonomic Reference Architecture for vSphere provides easy-to-consume documentation for customers to understand how Turbonomic will integrate and interact with their infrastructure.
“These conceptual architecture guides are designed to show where the integration with our technology partners is enhanced by the value Turbonomic brings with our autonomic platform. The Powered by Turbonomic series bridges the gap between the quick view and long-form technical documentation,” said Eric Wright, Technology Evangelist for Turbonomic. “Being able to work with René and the RoundTower team demonstrates the value of our partner ecosystem.”
The Reference Architecture for vSphere is available for download at https://greencircle.vmturbo.com/docs/DOC-4507. RoundTower and Turbonomic are developing a series of Best Practices Guides to complement the Reference Architecture.
Turbonomic works with more than 250 global partners including RoundTower to help customers adopt the future of cloud and virtualization management. For more information on the 360o Partner Program, please visit https://turbonomic.com/company/channel-partners/.
About Turbonomic
Turbonomic's autonomic performance platform for the hybrid cloud enables environments to self-manage to assure performance of any application. Turbonomic's patented autonomic decision engine dynamically matches application demand with infrastructure supply in real time, to maintain environments in a healthy state.
Launched in 2010, Turbonomic is one of the fastest growing technology companies in the virtualization and cloud space. Turbonomic's autonomic platform is trusted by thousands of enterprises to accelerate their adoption of virtual, cloud, and container deployments for all mission critical applications.
To learn more about Turbonomic, visit turbonomic.com
About RoundTower Technologies
RoundTower Technologies is a systems integrator that provides innovative solutions and services in the areas of data center infrastructure, converged platforms, cloud automation and orchestration, DevOps, and data analytics. RoundTower is helping enable its customers to drive positive business outcomes by becoming more agile and efficient through the use of technology. Visit them on the web @ www.roundtower.com.
via the fine folks at Turbonomic!
An order written by presiding Ramsey County District Judge William Leary addresses everything from what people may wear to what time they may arrive and leave the court proceedings in the case pending against Jeronimo Yanez.
Anyone who arrives at the courtroom after a hearing starts, for example, will be ordered to leave, the order says.
And no one will be allowed to walk out of a hearing until the judge calls for a recess.
Another rule restricts wearing any clothes or buttons or carrying signs that in any way "refer to or call attention to (the case), the defendant, parties or witnesses," the order says.
Spectators who can't find a seat in the courtroom will be asked to leave, and no congregating will be allowed in the hallway outside it.
Further, "blocking of or loitering in walkways, doorways, staircases, or near elevator access ... in any part of the (St. Paul City Hall and Ramsey County Courthouse)," during proceedings will be prohibited.
Enhanced regulations also will be enforced on cellphone use and other recording devices.
The unusually strict set of rules was issued in the name of providing a "fair and open process that recognizes the responsibility of the state, the rights of the Defendant and the public interest," the order states.
Leary did not immediately respond Tuesday to a request for further explanation, nor did Ramsey County Chief Judge John Guthmann.
Yanez was charged in November with one count of second-degree manslaughter and two felony counts of dangerous discharge of a firearm for firing several bullets into Castile's car during a routine traffic stop this past July, killing the 32-year-old black man.
Yanez has said through his attorneys that he shot out of fear for his life after Castile reached for the gun he was carrying in his pocket, despite Yanez's commands what he was not to move.
Prosecutors say that Yanez recklessly shot Castile, a licensed gun owner, after Castile handed over his insurance card and "calmly and in a nonthreatening manner" told the four-year police officer he was carrying a firearm, according to the criminal complaint filed against Yanez.
When first announcing the decision to file charges in the case, Ramsey County Attorney John Choi said it was the state's belief that Castile "never removed nor tried to remove his handgun," at any point during the incident.
The shooting drew national attention and stirred protests around the Twin Cities and the country about accusations of police brutality against people of color.
With that in mind, the case should be heavily attended by members of the media and public.
A hearing is scheduled Wednesday for a defense motion filed in December that seeks to have the case against Yanez dismissed on the grounds that Castile was high on marijuana when he was pulled over and therefore culpably negligent in the shooting.
Prosecutors have refuted that assertion in legal filings, saying they had enough evidence to charge Yanez and that the suggestion that Castile somehow caused his own death through negligence is for a jury to decide.
Wednesday's hearing is expected to start at 9 a.m.
Governors, senators in war of words on funds scrutiny – Daily Nation
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Beginning | Previous | Next
Beginning | Previous | Next
Many of the hiding caves also have openings to the jungle, where local couriers can retrieve the shipments. As the DEA agents quipped, "Looks like someone has been here recently... and probably not a Boy Scouts group."
GAINESVILLE, Fla. — LSU's tumultuous week is about to take a turn — for better or worse.
The Tigers had one of the more chaotic stretches in recent program history, including a stunning home loss to Troy, two players-only meetings and another involving the athletic director, the head coach and both co-ordinators.
How LSU responds will be determined Saturday at No. 21 Florida (3-1, 3-0 Southeastern Conference). Anything short of a victory could push the Tigers (3-2, 0-1) toward more drama and maybe even some difficult decisions down the road.
“I know people are not happy, but we have to make sure that we take the criticism and we have to understand that LSU is a premier football program and we've got to make sure when things like this happen we have to bounce back,” LSU defensive end Christian LaCouture said. “We can't focus on this last game.”
The Tigers might want to draw from last year, though.
Florida escaped Tiger Stadium with a 16-10 victory last November thanks to a goal-line stand in the final seconds. Star running back Leonard Fournette watched from the sideline as teammate Derrius Guice was stuffed short of the end zone on a botched fourth-down play.
The Gators clinched the SEC East and celebrated wildly on the field, in the locker room and during the trip home. It capped six weeks of angst stemming from the game's postponement and relocation from Gainesville to Baton Rouge, Louisiana, because of Hurricane Matthew. The Tigers suggested Florida was hoping to cancel the game or avoid playing it on the road.
It created a tense atmosphere and plenty of motivation for the Gators.
A year later, the Tigers seemingly have more at stake.
Two weeks after a 30-point drubbing at Mississippi State — LSU's most lopsided setback in series history — the Tigers lost to a non-conference opponent at home for the first time since 2000.
Embattled coach Ed Orgeron was clearly the focal point of all the heat. Orgeron held a meeting with team leaders, who then had the first of two players-only sessions. Athletic director Joe Alleva also met with Orgeron, offensive co-ordinator Matt Canada and defensive co-ordinator Dave Aranda to iron out differences. Orgeron got involved with the offence during the 24-21 loss to Troy and wanted to simplify Canada's scheme by reducing pre-snap motions.
Alleva “wanted to know what was going on, what we could do better,” said Orgeron, who's in his first season after serving as interim coach in 2016. “Let's all get on the same page. It was a very positive meeting.”
Florida, which has endured its own issues this season, kept track from afar.
“They're just trying to set the Gators up, right?” coach Jim McElwain said. “Anytime there's a transition, you go through a learning curve. These guys will be coming in here crazed, nuts, ready to go to prove all the naysayers or whatever you want to do, but that's why you play.”
——
Here are some other things to know about LSU and Florida:
GETTING HEALTHY: LSU expects to have several key players back this week, including Guice, defensive end Rashard Lawrence and nose tackle Ed Alexander. Senior right tackle Toby Weathersby, who also did not play last week, is questionable.
FRANKS RETURNS: Florida quarterback Feleipe Franks, who was once committed to LSU, regains his starting job this week following a season-ending injury to Luke Del Rio. Franks started the first three games of the season, but was benched in two of those.
LINE ITEMS: LSU's offensive line has been a glaring weak spot the past three games and faces a tough test at Florida. Against Troy, the Tigers started two freshmen — right guard Ed Ingram and right tackle Saahdiq Charles — on the offensive line for the first time since 1986.
CLEVELAND OUT: Florida will be without big-play receiver Tyrie Cleveland because of a high-ankle sprain to his right foot. Cleveland leads the team in every receiving category, recording 15 catches, 326 yards and two touchdowns.
RECORD WATCH: The Gators can break an NCAA record Saturday by scoring in their 366th consecutive game. Florida is currently tied with Michigan, which set the mark between 1984 and 2014. The Gators haven't been shut out since a 16-0 loss to Auburn on Oct. 29, 1988.
——
More AP college football: http://www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
Some say seven is a lucky number, but when it shows up in the loss column at the end of the season, it's not a reason to celebrate.
The seven losses Notre Dame suffered in 2016 are driving the Irish to change their fortunes this season.
“I think that 3-7 season last year really but a burr in them to work hard in the offseason,” said head coach Sam Alvaro.
When the Irish showed up to training camp at the end of July, Alvaro said his team was in better shape than ever, and for a team with fewer than 25 names on the roster, conditioning will make the difference in every close game.
"Last year every game we were in at half time, we were within a score or ahead, and we end up 3-7. We just got tired and worn out," said Alvaro. "With 23 kids, you expect it, but we're going to get in better shape so we're not tired.”
Last year, the Irish sported one of the area's best passing attacks. It all starts with Ryan LaAsmar, who's back for his senior season after tossing for 1,946 yards and 16 touchdowns last year.
“Things have slowed down a lot for him, and I think that's going to be a huge asset for us and him, just to relax a little bit and go play,” said Alvaro.
LaAsmar's favorite target a year ago was Noah Bohanna, who scored 15 touchdowns and now plays at Fairmont State. This year, LaAsmar will look to Joel Mauer, Hunter Emerson and others through the air.
“I have high expectations," said LaAsmar. "I can't wait to see what's to come.”
Expectations remain high, even after disappointment last year. LaAsmar and the Irish won't be satisfied unless they make the playoffs.
“We definitely have the heart," said LaAsmar. "Everybody's out here, everybody's putting in the work. I don't know how far we'll go, but I don't think there are limits on where we could go if we put everything together.”
Notre Dame hosts Pendleton County Aug. 25 to open the season.
AUSTINTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – The American Cancer Society is showing off its “Pinktober” spirit at Greenwood Chevy in Austintown.
A pink Camaro rolled into the dealership on Friday, ahead of the Making Strides Against Breast Cancer Walk on Saturday.
Dollars raised by Making Strides supporters help the American Cancer Society with research and education, and making sure that no one faces breast cancer alone.
Last year, 750 walkers in the Tri-County area helped to raise more than $60,000 at the event.
“We've worked really hard to make a phenomenal event to come together in a sea of pink to support all of those touched by the issue,” said
The Making Strides walk will begin 10 a.m. Saturday at Austintown Fitch High School, located at 4560 Falcon Drive. Check-in begins at 9 a.m.
Despite the tragedy of Josh Gilbert's death, Thurston Rangers' first team have made a flying start to top the early Greene King IPA Eastern Counties One West season — and chairman Matt Ansell feels they are well equipped to secure promotion.
Saturday saw Thurston run riot over bottom side Haverhill, recording a 71-3 victory in front of a bumper crowd thought to number in excess of 250 as the club returned to action following second-team prop Gilbert's death in a match which saw them pay their respects as a club before and after.
With three wins from their opening three fixtures, Thurston sit top of the division, despite having a game in hand, ahead of tomorrow's trip to face Shelford III (3pm).
And club chairman and first-team player Ansell is confident an historic promotion to the highest level in their history is a realistic target this year.
“Our stated aim at the start of the season was for both our teams to win their leagues,” he said.
“Currently the first team are top and we want to take the step up to the London League for the first time. The squad this year should allow us to do that.”
The summer's restructure has meant that each division in the Eastern Counties League will split after Christmas with the top two sides from each of the regional variations of that level carrying across their points into a new mini-league against each other, with the top two promoted.
Ex-Bury player Jono Farmer, who has played at a high level in New Zealand, is making his influence felt on Thurston's coaching staff, assisting Mark Jones permanently this season.
Thurston II also pulled off a good victory at Robinson Feild on Saturday — in what Ansell described as a fitting tribute to Gilbert — 55-13 against Sudbury Tigers. They host Bury St Edmunds IV in a derby tomorrow (3pm).
n Players honour Josh - page 125
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A former LMPD officer who worked as a JCPS school resource officer is on trial, charged with assault and wanton endangerment.
Jonathan Hardin is accused of using a choke hold on a 13-year-old student at Olmsted Academy North in 2015.
The incident was caught on surveillance video. The video shows a student, who was a football player, bump his shoulder into Hardin, who then lifts the student off the ground by his neck for six seconds, before releasing him. The video also shows the student fall to the ground, unconscious. When the boy woke up, his vision was blurry. The student suffered a brain injury due to the assault.
On Tuesday, that student took the stand.
"I considered us as buddies, as friends," that student, who WAVE 3 News is not identifying, said in court.
When the prosecutor asked the student what happened, the student told the court he bumped Hardin hard enough to knock him to the ground, but didn't actually mean to make Hardin fall.
The boy, now 17, testified he was surprised by his strength, but could see officer Hardin was upset. He said when Hardin put him in a choke hold, he tapped Hardin to stop and to let him go.
"What did he do after you tapped his shoulder?" the prosecutor asked in court on Wednesday.
"He didn't do anything he just kept choking me," said the student
PREVIOUS STORIES
+ JCPS teacher accused of assaulting student under investigation
+ Surveillance video shows resource officer allegedly assaulting student
+ LMPD officer accused of assaulting students
+ School resource officer arrested after allegedly beating two 13-year-old boys
In cross-examination, Hardin's attorney Brian Butler, noted the video, indicated the teen appeared to have a friend get Hardin's attention so he could knock him over. The teen said that didn't happen.
Prosecution strangulation expert Dr. Bill Smock testified about brain damage, and what can happen when someone is choked and rendered unconscious. He said that act takes 6.8 seconds for an adult male to lose consciousness.
He referred to the video timeline, suggesting the time marks show the choke hold was longer than 6.8 seconds
"That 20 second mark was the time when Mr. Hardin put his arm around [the student's] neck and 27 second mark, which would be 7 seconds later, his feet are now dangling and unconscious," said Dr. Smock.
Six days after Hardin is accused of assault, Dr. Smock examined the student. Smock says he could still see hemorrhages on blood vessels on the back of his throat.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
THE Mary River Catchment Co-ordinating Committee, Greater Mary Association, and Fraser Island Defenders Organisation today established a $25,000 research fund to fund student projects on the impacts of the Colton Coal mine on the Great Sandy Strait.
Election candidates have their say on Colton Coal Mine
READ MORE: Locals protest Colton open cut coal mine
In a short ceremony in Gympie a Memorandum of Understanding was signed and cheques presented to the Mary River Catchment Co-ordinating Committee that will administer the fund with the assistance of a Research Oversight Committee.
The three sponsors are hoping to double funding to $50,000 during the coming year through fund-raising activities including guided tours of the Great Sandy Strait and donations to enable more student participation and more projects to be properly funded.
Mo Riggs, artist Jane and Liz Diggles at the Colton coal mine information session. Amber Macpherson
Spokesman John Sinclair said that the group wanted to know whether there was sufficient evidence that the discharge of almost a million megalitres of untreated mine water annually into the Mary River so close to the river mouth would impact on the Ramsar listed Wetland of International Significance.
This will flow into the river at Dundathu at the rate of 200 litres per second 24 hours a day irrespective of tide or drought.
"If the research establishes that there are likely serious adverse impacts this will justify the proposed Colton Mine being made a controlled action under the Commonwealth's EPBC Act despite both the State and Federal Governments previously approving the mine,” Dr Sinclair said.
He claimed the "acidic untreated water that will seep continuously into the 50 metre deep open-cut pit will be loaded with toxic heavy metals leeched from the ground water” and said the committee had serious concerns about the levels of cadmium, chromium and manganese.
"We are inviting local students to put in bids to fund projects to show how much of this is likely to be carried and deposited in the Great Sandy Strait and its impact on the mangroves, marine life and food chain,” Dr Sinclair explained.
A Research Oversight Committee from the three partners will select projects that they believe will address the most critical environmental questions and provide answers that give "the best bang for buck.”
Dr Sinclair added that now that the fund has been finalised they will be notifying university lecturers and high schools science teachers to encourage students to submit bids as early in the new academic year as possible so that the committee can start awarding grants by mid March.
STORRS, Conn. — Napheesa Collier scored 23 points and top-seeded UConn beat in-state neighbour Quinnipiac 71-46 on Monday night to advance to a 25th straight Sweet 16.
Azura Stevens added 14 points and Hamilton's Kia Nurse chipped in with 13 for the Huskies (34-0), who found themselves in a much slower-paced game than their 140-52 first-round rout of Saint Francis (Pa.).
But Connecticut was not threatened in this one either. They opened with a 9-2 run and never trailed.
Jen Fay had 12 points to lead the ninth-seeded Bobcats (28-6), who saw their school-record 23-game winning streak snapped.
Quinnipiac got plenty of open looks, but hit just four of 24 shots from 3-point range, including just one of 12 from in the first half.
UConn shot 59 per cent, held Quinnipiac to just 17 baskets on 56 shots (30 per cent), and led 33-18 at halftime.
A pair of free throws by Stevens gave the Huskies their first 20-point lead late in the third quarter and it was 54-31 going into the fourth.
The Huskies were too big for the Bobcats, who had no player on the court over 6-foot tall.
They outrebounded Quinnipiac 33-21 and outscored them 28-14 in the paint.
It was just the second meeting between the two programs. The first, a 117-20 UConn win, came almost 20 years ago after Quinnipiac made the jump from Division II.
BIG PICTURE
Quinnipiac: Senior Carly Fabbri, the coach's daughter, finishes her career with a 112-26 record and three trips to the NCAA Tournament, where teams she was on went 3-3. … This is the schools fourth trip to the tournament, all since 2015.
UConn: The win was the Huskies 115th in their NCAA Tournament history against 18 defeats. The 86.5 winning percentage is the best in the history of the NCAA Tournament… UConn's current 34-game winning streak is the longest in the nation and 12th longest in NCAA history… UConn's seniors will end their careers undefeated (79-0) in Connecticut, including 32-0 at Gampel Pavilion.
UP NEXT
UConn plays either fourth-seeded Georgia or fifth-seeded Duke on Saturday in Albany, New York. The Huskies have not played a game outside the state of Connecticut since their penultimate win of the regular season at SMU on Feb. 24.
Akintola University faces tough test in funding
Daily Trust
Ladoke Akintola University of Technology (LAUTECH) was established by the old Oyo State and when Osun State was carved out of Oyo, it became the inheritance of the two states. The new Oyo contributes 60 per cent to its subvention while Osun contributes …
Opinion: Save LAUTECH! | Frustrated student cries out for help YNaija
all 2 news articles »
It's Spain's number one golf course, but could enthusiastic amateur Chris Stratford hold par?
An invitation came to play the PGA Catalunya Resort Stadium course – annual stage for the European Tour's Qualifying School – as part of a trip to explore the golf and gastronomy of Girona.
For a mid-handicapper golfer such as myself, to be asked to sit the exam faced annually by players hoping to win a card to compete at European tournament golf's elite level seems a bit like asking a primary school pupil to tackle a Pure math A level exam paper.
But standing on the tee at the opening hole of a course acclaimed as Spain's No 1 (pgacatalunya.com), it was clear this was going to be an awesome treat rather than absolute torture. Particularly with the ‘cheat sheet' that is playing off the forward tees.
Its high elevation gave a wonderful view across a course of dipping and twisting fairways flanked by trees and water: visually stunning and endlessly challenging.
It was the first of many tees to afford the player a view of both a hole's aesthetic appeal and its abundant dangers, golfing femme fatales yielding up either great pleasure of a par or the pain of several dropped shots.
The Costa Brava boasts nine golfing destinations in all, including Emporda Golf Resort (empordagolf.com) and Golf de Pals (golfplatjadepals.com), the other sporting tests on a trip that would offer a rigorous test of my alleged determination to combat a thickening waist as I march towards old age.
PGA Catalunya Resort has a second course, the Tour, and similarly Emporda offers its visitors 36 holes in two separate layouts: the Links and Forest, their one-word appellations providing a succinct pointer as to what to expect.
The former's path wends its way through a tract of dunes and huge, rolling bunkers, its barren, treeless landscape made all the more stark by playing it on a rare occasion when the rain chose to fall on this area just north of Barcelona, which sees more than 300 days of sunshine per year.
As if apologetic for its absence in the morning, the sun emerged as we tackled the Forest course, hewn through a dense Mediterranean pine forest. This is more pleasing on the eye to this golfer, but challenges still abound.
For those with limited time, such as ourselves – constricted even further by the need to escape the ravages of the rain for a few hours while indulging in the excellent fare on offer in Emporda's clubhouse – a round can be played by mixing nine from each course.
And so on to Golf de Pals, Costa Brava's oldest course and one that holds a place in the history of Yorkshire golf as it was here that Rotherham's Danny Willett won his final major event as an amateur.
Willett lifted the Spanish Amateur Championship, the Copa SM El Rey, in March 2008 just two months before turning professional. The club's affinity with the Ryder Cup player was enhanced when he won the Masters just as Golf de Pals was celebrating its 50th anniversary.
It is a British-style parkland course with largely flat fairways, where par is protected by strategic use of bunkers both on the way to greens and at their sides.
Water is also a peril to be faced on a few holes, particularly at the beautiful par-3 ninth, where a tee shot that will test the nerve is played to a small green enclosed within a horseshoe of umbrella pines.
In the same way Spain hails its golfing kings such as the late and great Seve Ballesteros and current Ryder Cup player Sergio Garcia, so within the sphere of Girona gastronomy are lauded the likes of Ferran Adrià and the Roca brothers, Joan, Josep and Jordi.
All have helped bring Michelin stars to the region, where a gourmand can indulge in an intoxicating fusion of traditional and innovative cuisine that uses the area's bounteous harvest from its fields and coastal waters.
From a show cooking demonstration at Bulthaup (lb.bulthaup.com) through fine dining at the Hotel Aiguablava, at Aiguablava Bay, in Begur, a curtain was drawn back to offer a glimpse – and several tastings – of a region that was at once both heavenly and satanic.
Heavenly in that it was sumptuous, satanic in that it will be the devil's own job trying to work off its damage to my aforementioned expanding waistline.
It is a price worth paying for Girona deserves its growing reputation as a destination for holidaymakers with a discerning palette.
Girona, golfing and gastronomy: a pleasing alliteration and a pleasure to have savoured.
GETTING THERE
Chris Stratford is a member of the International Golf Travel Writers' Association.
His parking and overnight airport accommodation were organised by Airport Parking and Hotels (APH), winners of the Best Airport Parking Company for a sixth year running at British Travel Awards 2015. For more information, visit www.aph.com
He stayed at AC Palau Bellavista and Hotel Aiguablava (hotelaiguablava.com)
Inmarsat was selected by Qatar Airways to provide its GX Aviation inflight broadband solution for installation on more than 130 Airbus A350s and Boeing 777s starting in mid-2017.
Cobham Satcom was selected by United Airlines to supply SwiftBroadband-Safety flight deck communications platform (via Aviator 300D Satcom) for evaluation on four Boeing 767s.
Virgin Atlantic has extended its sales and marketing representation with Discover the World in Benelux (Belgium, Netherlands and Luxembourg) beginning this month.
Jeppesen and Teledyne Controls have partnered to integrate FliteDeck Pro EFB, GroundLink Comm+ and GroundLink AID+ technologies to deliver greater data connectivity for airlines.
When does BGT go live? And what's going to happen to Ant and Dec? Find out more about ITV's biggest talent show here
Britain's Got Talent 2018 is back – and it's bigger and better than ever.
Advertisement
We've already seen Father Ray Kelly go viral (again), Marc Spelmann work his magic, and Matt Johnson wow with his incredible escapology.
But what else is in store? Here's everything to know about BGT:
When is Britain's Got Talent on TV?
Britain's Got Talent continues Monday 28th May at 7.30pm on ITV.
Who are the Britain's Got Talent semi-finalists?
All 40 semi-finalist acts for Britain's Got Talent have now been revealed – and we've got the full list right here.
How do you vote in BGT?
All of the voting information you need for Britain's Got Talent 2018 is right here.
What about the Golden Buzzer?
The Golden Buzzer is back again and all five acts have now been revealed.
All of the judges opted for singers: David Walliams has gone for Donchez, Simon Cowell has picked Tim and Jack Goodacre, Alesha Dixon has chosen Lifford Shillingford and Amanda Holden used hers on Gruffydd Wyn Roberts.
Ant and Dec have chosen magician Marc Spelmann.
When does Britain's Got Talent go live?
The start date for the live shows has been confirmed as the Bank Holiday – Monday 28th May. You can read more about the dates and times of all the BGT live shows here.
When is the BGT final?
The live grand final for Britain's Got Talent is on Sunday 3rd June. You can find out more about it here.
What does the winner of Britain's Got Talent get?
Unlike some TV talent shows, there's a big cash prize in store for whoever wins BGT – as well as a spot on the bill at the Royal Variety Performance. Here's what else you need to know about what the winner of Britain's Got Talent gets.
Who are the Britain's Got Talent judges?
For the seventh year running, Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams will be judging the acts.
Are Ant and Dec still presenting Britain's Got Talent?
The future of Ant and Dec presenting Britain's Got Talent together became less clear following Ant's arrest on suspicion of drink driving.
A statement from Ant's publicist confirmed that the presenter “has decided to go back into treatment and step down from his current TV commitments.”
After Dec impressed hosting the final two episodes of Saturday Night Takeaway by himself, ITV have confirmed that he will be taking on the live episodes of BGT by himself without Ant.
Although Ant definitely won't be appearing during Britain's Got Talent's live shows, he will be featuring in all of the pre-recorded audition episodes.
This is because these theatre auditions were held in London, Manchester and Blackpool back in January and February – before Ant's arrest on 18th March.
ITV made the decision to forge ahead and show the audition episodes as usual.
Where are Britain's Got Talent's live shows filmed?
For the first time, BGT has moved out of a TV studio. Instead, the live shows will all be held at Hammersmith Apollo in London.
“It has to be in a theatre and I'll tell you why,” explained Simon. “We go into a studio and make it look like a theatre, it's like buying a Mini and trying to make it look like a Rolls-Royce! There's something about the theatre element.
“So whenever we do the live shows in a studio, something, that gloss, glow, whatever you want to call it, is missing for me. So I'm thrilled because this year I have got my own way…again.”
And if you want to get tickets to the live shows, we've got everything you need to know right here.
When were the Britain's Got Talent auditions?
Believe it or not, the nationwide open auditions kicked off back in October. The theatre auditions for BGT were held up and down the UK this January, but auditions are now finished.
David Walliams confirmed on Twitter in February that the audition rounds had finished filming. Ant and Dec had both hosted the auditions rounds together as normal.
Advertisement
Britain's Got Talent airs Saturdays on ITV
SASKATOON — Curtis Knight tied the game in the third quarter before winning it in the fourth as the Saskatchewan Rush beat the Vancouver Stealth 11-9 on Saturday night in National Lacrosse League play.
Robert Church, Ryan Keenan, Mark Matthews and Ben McIntosh all struck twice for the Rush (7-1). Mike Messenger also chipped in and Tyler Carlson stopped 39 shots.
Logan Schuss led Vancouver (1-7) with four goals and Joel McCready added a pair. Rhys Duch, Brandon Goodwin and Tony Malcom had the others.
Eric Penney kicked out 39-of-50 shots in defeat.
Saskatchewan converted on all three of its power play chances while the Stealth were 2 for 4.
Osinbajo to Igbo leaders: condemn divisive remarks
Acting President Yemi Osinbajo yesterday took a look at developments in some parts of the country, urging elders to speak out against what is wrong.
He asked them to condemn divisive comments because “violence pays no one”.
The Acting President spoke when he met with some Southeast elders at the Presidential Villa in Abuja as part of his ongoing consultations with leaders from the region and the North.
The meeting was informed by the quit notice served on easterners in the North by the Arewa Youth Groups.
Osinbajo said the meeting was urgent and crucial because of the current loud voices of hate speeches and divisive comments. The situation, he said, required urgent attention from all.
He said this was not the time to hide under any ethnic or religious platform to support comments that divided rather than united the nation.
Urging leaders to raise their voices against the strident divisive speeches, he said: “Violence and war are not going to do anyone any good. Wars today hardly end. No one who has seen the face of wars evens on television will wish it for anyone. We shouldn't tolerate hate speeches or divisive comments.”
He reiterated the government's resolve to deal with any one who threatened the country's peaceful coexistence.
“There is no doubt on the resolve of government to allow anyone get away with hate speeches and divisive words. Our emotion should not be allowed to run wide so as to threaten the existence of anyone anywhere in Nigeria. We will do everything within our power to protect the life of every citizen anywhere and in any part of the country,” he said.
At the meeting are Senate President Bukola Saraki, Speaker Yakubu Dogara, Governors Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, David Umahi, Okezie Ikpeazu, Willy Obiano, and Rochas Okorocha of Enugu, Ebonyi, Abia, Anambra and Imo.
Others are the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari, Deputy Senate President Ike Ekweremadu, National Security Adviser Babagana Monguno, former Senate President Ken Nnamani, Senator Eyinnaya Abaribe, Chief Chukwuemeka Ezeife, Senator Joy Emodi, Professor Viola Nwuleri.
Speaking with State House correspondents after the meeting, Governor Umahi said there was hope for a united Nigeria.
On whether messages from the meeting will be accepted by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), he said: “The meeting is not about IPOB; it is on the need for security of lives and properties all over Nigeria and the need for a united, honest, fair and equitable Nigeria. That is what the meeting is about.
“It was a wonderful meeting and the message we are taking back is that there is hope for a united and peaceful Nigeria and everybody should work hard.
“We emphasise the need for everybody to restrain from making hate statements. We should be making statements binding us together, statements of love, statements of unity, statements of hope and of course we should also work very hard.
On what message the group is taking back to agitators, the governor said ‘Everybody has a right to agitate but we emphasize the need for peaceful agitation. Even you agitate, your wife agitates at home that the feeding money is not enough, so it is a fundamental right but is the manner you go about it. So it is not an issue that cannot be resolved”.
The post Osinbajo to Igbo leaders: condemn divisive remarks appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(AP Photo/Carolyn Thompson). Trapeze-artist Erendira Wallenda and her husband Nik Wallenda attend a a news conference where they described Erendira's plans to perform an acrobatic routine while suspended from a helicopter above Niagara Falls, Wed., Jun...
(AP Photo/Carolyn Thompson). Trapeze-artist Erendira Wallenda smiles as she and her daredevil husband Nik Wallenda describe Erendira's plans to perform an acrobatic routine while suspended from a helicopter above Niagara Falls, at a news conference Wed...
(AP Photo/Carolyn Thompson). Trapeze-artist Erendira Wallenda and her husband Nik Wallenda describe Erendira's plans to perform an acrobatic routine while suspended from a helicopter above Niagara Falls, at a news conference Wed., June 14, 2017 at the ...
NIAGARA FALLS, N.Y. (AP) - The aerialist wife of daredevil Nik Wallenda is preparing for a stunt that will have her hanging by her teeth from a helicopter over Niagara Falls.
Thursday morning's performance comes on the fifth anniversary of Nik Wallenda's televised high-wire walk over Niagara Falls.
Plans call for Erendira (AR'-en-deer-uh) Wallenda to be tethered by her waist as she performs a series of maneuvers on a hoop suspended from a helicopter 300 feet (91 meters) above the water. At one point she'll hang from her toes. At another, her teeth.
The Wallendas say the stunt will break a height record Nik Wallenda set in 2011 when he hung by his teeth 250 feet (76 meters) above Silver Dollar City in Branson, Missouri.
The Niagara County Legislature set aside $35,000 for the act last month.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
HALIFAX — A Halifax bus mechanic who allegedly created a poisonous work environment by terrorizing his co-workers with racial slurs and harassment no longer works for the municipality.
City spokesman Nick Ritcey says Arthur Maddox is no longer with Halifax Transit but he declined to discuss how or why he left his position, citing “confidential personnel matters.”
Arthur Maddox's tenure with the transit service, which started in 1988 and included a brief termination in 2001, ended after a Nova Scotia Human Rights Commission board of inquiry decision found his workplace behaviour to be “disrespectful, aggressive and racist.”
Lynn Connors, independent board chairwoman, said in her decision released publicly on Tuesday that Maddox bullied his co-workers and intimidated them into silence.
She said the irony did not escape her that Maddox continued to be employed with Halifax Transit while his victims had all left in part due to his behaviour and the “poisoned work environment” he created.
Jacques Dube, chief administrative officer for the municipality, issued an apology Tuesday to the complainant and his family.
He said the city is committed to a harassment-free workplace where all people are treated with dignity and respect.
A hearing is set for Monday to discuss the awarding of damages or assignment of mandated training.
The complaint about racism at the transit yard was filed with the provincial human rights commission nearly 12 years ago, in July 2006.
Equity Watch, a Halifax-based group dedicated to employment equity, is calling for an independent public inquiry into what it calls a long-standing pattern of bullying, harassment and discrimination at the municipality.
The group points to other examples of racism and sexism at the city, including the case of firefighter Liane Tessier. She faced systemic gender discrimination, but her concerns were ignored by the municipality and dismissed by the provincial human rights commission before she eventually received an apology last December.
Earlier this month, a group of African Nova Scotian city employees demanded action on a confidential report from two years ago that found racism in the workplace. Raymond Sheppard, a spokesman for the group, told reporters that “the anti-black racism and discrimination within HRM is at 1950s levels.”
“We believe that these cases are only the tip of the iceberg,” Equity Watch spokesperson Judy Haiven, a retired management professor at Saint Mary's University, said in a statement.
“Apologies, payouts and promises, and claims to want to do better don't cut it any more. The residents of HRM and equity-seeking groups have a right to know what's really going on and how we're going to solve this systemic problem.”
The group is calling for an independent public inquiry outside of the human rights commission, with its “dilatory, bureaucratic and uncaring approach,” Haiven said.
Mesut Ozil's second-half strike secured an unconvincing 2-1 win for Arsenal away to relegation-threatened Middlesbrough that keeps their top-four hopes alive.
The Germany international's seventh Premier League goal of the season sealed the victory after Alvaro Negredo had cancelled out Alexis Sanchez's stunning set-piece opener.
Arsene Wenger's side slumped to a 3-0 defeat to Crystal Palace last time out, prompting the manager to experiment with a 3-5-2 system at the Riverside Stadium – with Rob Holding in a back three – in an effort to encourage a more resolute display.
Chances were scarce in a poor first half, but Sanchez swept in a fine free-kick to break the deadlock just before the break, only for Negredo to equalise five minutes into the second half.
Boro had produced a spirited performance, but Ozil finished a clever team move in the 71st minute to put the visitors back in front, and they held firm in the closing stages to claim a win that moves them back to within seven points of the top four.
The defeat leaves Boro six points from safety, with only six matches left to play, while Arsenal snapped a four-match losing streak on the road in the top flight.
Boro started in lively fashion, but their momentum was rather sapped when Fabio was forced off following lengthy treatment to what appeared to be a calf injury.
Marten de Roon headed past Petr Cech and into the net from an offside position, but the home side certainly looked the most likely to break the deadlock, with the Gunners looking uncertain in their new system
The visitors at last began to put Brad Guzan's goal under pressure, with Aaron Ramsey seeing a volley blocked inside the area, but Boro's defence was doing well to keep Sanchez and Olivier Giroud quiet.
However, the Chile star added a much-needed touch of quality to the match with three minutes left of the half, flighting a sublime free-kick over the wall and into the back of Guzan's net from 20 yards out.
Boro heads were down after an encouraging half ended in disappointment, but they responded quickly after the restart.
Stewart Downing was released down the right on the break and allowed time to cut inside and clip a fine cross towards the six-yard box, where Negredo rose to prod the ball past Cech and into the net.
Cech reacted well to parry a header from Daniel Ayala as Boro sensed a second, although Guzan had to charge off his line to prevent Ozil from rounding him following Sanchez's throughball.
The Gunners were looking anxious, but they took full advantage when Boro's backline parted to allow them to regain the lead. Sanchez's cross was chested down by Ramsey and Ozil drilled right-footed past Guzan at the near post, the home defence having allowed them acres of space.
Boro pushed for a second equaliser, but Arsenal withstood the late pressure to claim an important result in their pursuit of the Champions League places, alleviating some pressure on Wenger ahead of Sunday's FA Cup semi-final date with Manchester City at Wembley.
What became of Edward Oxford, the first man who tried to kill Queen Victoria?
The Victoria series one finale features many exciting plots but the attempted assassination of Jenna Colman's diminutive monarch is among the most dramatic.
Advertisement
(Click here to read about the assassination attempt in SERIES TWO.)
The real-life tale of the attempt on Queen Victoria's life is a rather interesting one, that's just as intriguing as the TV adaptation suggests…
What actually happened when Victoria and Albert took their carriage out on that fateful day?
On 10 June 1840, the then pregnant Queen Victoria was on her daily carriage drive with Prince Albert when two shots were fired at her on Constitution Hill.
Here's how the Queen described the whole affair in her diary.
At 6, we drove out in our “Drotschky”, as usual, & as we had just left the Palace about ½ way up the road, before Constitution Hill, I was deafened by the loud report of a pistol, & our carriage involuntarily stopped. Albert was sitting on my right. We looked round & saw a little man on the footpath, with his arms folded over his breast, a pistol in each hand, & before ½ a minute elapsed, I saw him aim at me with another pistol. I ducked my head, & another shot, equally loud instantly followed; we looked round & saw that the man had been quickly surrounded & seized. Albert directly ordered the Postillion to drive on as if nothing had happened, to Mama's house. Just before the 2nd shot was fired & as the man took aim, or rather more while he fired, dear Albert turned towards me, squeezing my hand, exclaiming “my God! Don't be alarmed. I assured him I was not the least frightened, which was the case. It never entered my head, nor did it his, after the 1rst shot, that it was meant for me.
Even Lord Melbourne paid her a visit after it.
Immediately after this we saw Lord Melbourne, with whom we both shook hands & who was visibly affected by the account I gave him. He said he thought it much the best thing on our part, to have driven on, as we did. Albert went out of the room for a moment, to speak to Sir Henry Wheatley, who had been to see the man & returned with the report. The latter was not to be examined till next day, & had asked whether I was hurt. When they answered that, thank God! I was not, he stretched out both his arms, as if to say he was very sorry. Talked a little while longer with Lord Melbourne, who, on leaving, said to me, with tears in his eyes, “God bless you”, & shook Albert's hand.
The assailant was an 18-year-old unemployed Londoner named Edward Oxford, who would go down in history as the first of a number of men who attempted to assassinate the queen.
Why did Edward Oxford try to kill Queen Victoria?
There are a lot of rumours about why Oxford may have attempted to assassinate the queen, one prominent one being that he was under instruction from a political faction called Young England – which he alleged included the King of Hanover and Lord Palmerston among its members.
The Queen never believed her uncle to have been behind the attempt on her life, describing Oxford's claims as “wonderful improbabilities” in her diary on 15 June 1840.
Oxford's family pleaded insanity on his part and, as they could find no evidence that the guns were loaded with anything other than gunpowder, the jury found him not guilty.
They did, however, decide his fate should be the same as all those deemed to be “lunatics”, and sentenced him to confinement for life at the State Criminal Lunatic Asylum in Bethlam
What became of Edward Oxford?
He was eventually transferred to Broadmoor Prison on 30 April 1864, where his records state that he was a “well conducted industrious man”. The then 40-year-old Oxford made solid progress during his time there and it was eventually decreed that he should be freed.
Home Secretary Sir George Grey refused to release him, but his successor Gathorne Hardy allowed Oxford to go free in 1867, provided he left the United Kingdom.
The free man travelled to Australia, where he built a new life for himself under a new name – John Freeman.
Advertisement
He died in 1900, the year before the Queen passed away.
One Equity Trust client used his I.R.A. funds to issue a promissory note, so his friend could acquire a property to start a group home for veterans suffering from post-traumatic stress. Another provided capital for small businesses seeking to expand. A third helped medical offices purchase X-ray and imaging equipment. “It's also inspiring other people to find a mission to diversify or expand their retirement portfolio but also giving back,” Mr. Wilson said.
Many people aren't aware of self-directed I.R.A.s, although they have been around since 1974, when the I.R.A. was established. Statistics are hard to come by, but of the $8.35 trillion dollars in I.R.A. funds invested in the United States, only about 3 percent to 5 percent are self-directed, according to the Retirement Industry Trust Association, a self-directed I.R.A. industry trade group.
“Most people know that they can make charitable contributions via their distribution,” said Curtis Glovier, chairman and chief executive of Pensco Trust Company, an alternative asset custodian in San Francisco that specializes in self-directed I.R.A.s. “We'd like to get the word out that you don't need to just invest in plain vanilla mutual funds.”
Howard Teich, a psychologist in private practice in San Francisco, got the memo. Eighteen months ago, Dr. Teich, 76, invested his self-directed I.R.A. in Geostellar, which markets solar systems online. “It's the future,” he said. “To be able to invest in something healthy that you're passionate about, like alternative energies — it doesn't get any better. I'm taking a risk like any entrepreneur, but this is one way to take some action.”
A large part of the attraction to a self-directed I.R.A. is that the investor is in control. This is also the challenge.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Clearly, this kind of investing is not for everyone. No investment is a sure thing, but investing precious retirement money in neighborhood businesses, or a pal's peanut farms, comes with risks far beyond the usual volatility in the stock market. You could lose it all — and lose a friend in the process.
In September 2011, the Securities and Exchange Commission issued a fraud alert on self-directed I.R.A.s. Among the commission's concerns: it is easy to exploit self-directed I.R.A.s. Since the investments aren't publicly traded, it can be harder to get the information needed to make smart investing decisions, raising the chances of fraud.
“Every investment has different risks,” said Kirk Chisholm, a wealth manager in Lexington, Mass. “The obvious risk is making a bad investment,” he said. After all, that's the whole point of investing for retirement — to build a nest egg. “If you're doing it just to help someone out, that's not a good investment. You want to make sure it makes your retirement money grow, or why invest at all?”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
He also suggests people invest in areas in which they have some expertise rather than operating blindly, even if they have the desire to do something good for another person or the community.
“You can be well intentioned and still be misguided,” said Nevin Adams, chief content officer at the American Retirement Association, a nonprofit member organization in Arlington, Va. “But the reality is, this is your I.R.A.; the reason it has protections is because it's something you are investing for retirement. It might be a good cause, but it might not be good for your retirement.”
Mr. Brown — the man who invested in his friend's child-care building — has a big advantage in this dangerous game: Because he is a tax lawyer by profession he is well aware of the potential risks and how to avoid them.
In his case, he structured a lease and option to buy back that would provide him with a fixed 10 percent annual return, regardless of how long he owned the real estate and when his friends exercised the option. He is aware that commercial real estate investors normally expect a greater return (rent plus appreciation), he said. But “I didn't feel right doing it in the manner most real estate investors would do it, in light of my relationship with this friend.”
“The option was structured at a price equal to my purchase price, with a portion of their rent payments being credited against the purchase price if and when they exercised the option,” he said. That structure gave his friends an incentive to exercise the option as soon as they could, while still giving Mr. Brown the 10 percent annual return he was seeking.
“It also worked so that I did not feel I was gouging them, while still protecting my retirement-plan assets,” Mr. Brown said.
By Congresswoman Karen Bass (D-Calif.)
In the late 1980s and early 1990s, our community was under a full-fledged attack. Crack was in our streets, it was in our schools, it was in our parks, it was in our playgrounds, and for some, it was in our homes. The epidemic wasn't just affecting one part of the community; this impacted the entire community, leaving sons without fathers, daughters without mothers, and parents, ultimately, alone.
But the carnage didn't stop there. Policies enacted during the crack epidemic exacerbated the destruction. Children in South Los Angeles were ripped away from their parents and shipped off into the child welfare system, some to never see their parents, or their families, again. It was at the height of the crack epidemic when the number of kids in foster care exploded and the percentage of Black youth in the system skyrocketed.
Now, the country, not just our community, faces a new epidemic. Our child welfare system is already becoming increasingly populated due to the consequences of the opioid epidemic. The current crisis is starting to devastate families and our already over-worked and under-resourced child welfare system. This time, we must apply the lessons learned from the crack epidemic: if you want successful policy, you must include the affected communities in the formulation of new policy.
We cannot afford to turn our backs on those impacted again.
At the end of this month, the Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth will host its 7th annual Foster Youth Shadow Day, a program that brings foster youth from all over the country to meet and shadow the very Members of Congress who represent them in Washington, D.C.
No one knows more about the pitfalls of our nation's child welfare system than those who grew up in it. These young people are travelling thousands of miles to come to D.C. to share their stories—both their challenges with abuse, trafficking, overmedication, or homelessness—and their successes with mentorship, adoption, family reunification, community activism and independent living.
The result of these visits is a better understanding of how to improve the child welfare system and fight against this epidemic. The FY 2018 omnibus bill that was passed earlier this year had the single biggest increase in investment in child welfare funding history along with a large investment in funds to combat the opioid crisis. Despite this progress, there will always be more work to be done and this month, I look forward to continuing this fight. National Foster Care Month is a month to honor the successes and challenges of the more than 400,000 foster youth across the country and to acknowledge the tireless efforts of those who work to improve outcomes for children in the child welfare system.
Making sure that all children have a permanent and loving home is not a Democrat or Republican issue – it should be an American priority. Our society is judged on how we treat the most vulnerable amongst us. We must invest in life improving foster care services, praise foster families, caregivers, and relatives for their selflessness to others, and continue to provide a hand up so that foster youth can realize their full potential.
Congresswoman Karen Bass represents California's 37th Congressional District. She is the 2nd Vice Chair of the Congressional Black Caucus and the co-chair of the Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth. Follow her on Twitter at @RepKarenBass.
The OPP have charged two of its own. The Detachment Commander for Bruce Peninsula and Operations Manager for Grey County OPP have been charged with Breach of Trust, following an incident in April of 2011. The OPP say the charges stem from the aftermath of an ATV collision in Cape Croker First Nation, where a person was seriously injured. The Detachment Commander and Operations Manager have 29 and 17 respective years of service with the Provincial Police.
MISSISSAUGA, Ont. — A plan to tear down a small mobile home park for a new housing development in Mississauga, Ont., has the small community of over 200 homes wondering where they'll have to move and has seniors wondering how they'll be able to afford a new house on their fixed income.
The Peel regional municipality voted last week to dismantle the mobile home park and replace it with a new housing development of town homes and apartment buildings, a move that will quadruple the area's density.
Peel region says residents of Twin Pines Mobile Home Park will each get $31,000 in compensation for their land, with an option to rent or buy at the new housing development that will replace the park.
Marlyn Addai, president of the park's board of directors, says the compensation isn't enough for many of the people who live in the park, many of whom are still paying off mortgages on their mobile homes and live on a fixed income.
“It's very very hard to now know that your home is going to be demolished,” said Addai, who has lived in her 1,000 square foot mobile home since 2001.
“Two-thirds of people here are on pensions and they cant get a new mortgage, and 40 per cent of them still have mortgages, so once your home is gone, what are you going to do – declare bankruptcy?”
Dan Labrecque, general manager of Peel Living, which has owned the park since 1996, says the development is necessary because the park's outdated infrastructure would cost too much to maintain.
Peel Living, the housing branch of the regional municipality, took ownership of the park after the original owner decided to sell it in 1996. Residents of Twin Pines raised $1 million, which Peel Living used as a loan to lease the park for 20 years.
Labrecque says municipal officials were up front about their ability to fully redevelop the park after the lease was up, and said the region's only realistic option is to tear it down and develop a new community.
“It was found totally unfeasible to (leave the park as it was). The infrastructure was at the end of its life, and the park has to be emptied, gutted and rebuilt,” said Labrecque, who said the cost of repairs alone would be between $7 million and $10 million if they kept the trailer park as it is.
“Their preference would be for us to replace the park with something that looks exactly the way it does, but that's just not reasonable or viable.”
Addai says there was correspondence between the region and the park's residence in which the region assured residents that Twin Pines could stay as it was even after the lease was finished.
She also added the cost to repair the park's infrastructure shouldn't have been so high because the money that residents raised for the region should have been used to maintain the park over the past 20 years.
While many of the park's residents are unhappy about being forced out of the homes that they planned to settle down in for the rest of their life, they now believe it's inevitable that they'll have to go.
Addai added Peel region is only paying for the land and not the mobile homes themselves, but Labrecque said it's unreasonable for the region to buy over 200 mobile homes that they have no place to keep.
Instead, Labrecque says Peel region will handle all costs associated with transporting and demolishing the mobile homes if the residents choose to abandon them.
After the region's vote last week, Peel Living will now start to formally plan the specifics of the new development project that will take place in the following years.
Residents have not yet been served eviction notices, but say they expect that development will start within the next couple years.
Yerry Mina believes Colombia deserved to win their round of 16 ties against England, despite their elimination from the World Cup on penalties.
The Barcelona defender scored three times during the tournament, including a last minute equaliser against the Three Lions to send Tuesday's game into extra-time.
But the South Americans were eliminated in heartbreaking fashion for the second consecutive World Cup after an unlucky defeat to Brazil in 2014, and Mina said it was a massive disappointment to lose against England.
"It was a tremendous blow," he told Mundo Deportivo.
“We did not deserve to lose, we have done more than England and the pity is that we could not decide [the game] before the penalties.
“It is a blow for the whole group. I thank God because he allowed me to score another important goal for my country, and I really thought that in the extra time we could win.”
Mina, 23, signed for the Catalan giants from Palmeiras in January, but only appeared five times for them in the back half of the season.
His performances at the World Cup have caught the eye of several clubs; however, he claimed he would take some time out to consider his future.
“In my head, I'm going back to Barça,” he said.
“Now is not the time to talk about my future, but the World Cup has helped me reconnect and reaffirm myself as a footballer.”
ALVIN, Texas - The city of Alvin, next door to Santa Fe, helped organize a vigil Wednesday night to remember the victims of the school shooting and pray for a better tomorrow.
“We pray, Father, that there may be peace, Lord, that there may be comfort, that there may be reassurance in their heart,” said one pastor.
The last of 10 victims was laid to rest earlier in the day. Ann Perkins, a teacher at Santa Fe High, died saving her students.
“We all know that we're in this together and you guys are right here next door to us, so we know you are right here with us,” Santa Fe's new mayor said at the vigil. “Keep sending the love, and the prayers, and keep us in your hearts 'cause we're going to need it.”
Dozens of participants wore “Santa Fe Strong” shirts. Among the crowd were first responders, teachers, Santa Fe High students and others with connections to the tragedy.
“Our kids need love and support. They need to know that when they need us that we're there. They need to know that when they need to talk, we're there. They need to know that when they need love, we're there,” Terri Inge said
"The communities of Alvin and Santa Fe, they're very connected," Kaitlyn Derrickson said. "I think that things like this ... help families get through [the tragedy]."
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Hyper-converged infrastructure has become a commonly used term. But what is it? And is it necessary for your organisation?
Hyper-converged infrastructure (HCI) is a concept that is already somewhat tarnished.Many storage suppliers are touting systems as being hyper-converged, when they should just be described as converged.
Worse still, many suppliers in the storage and server business are using hyper-converged to describe approaches to both storage and combined server, storage and network platforms.
This means trying to make sense of what is being referred to can be problematic. For simplicity, hyper-converged systems can be described by two phrases.
First, a converged system brings together all the hardware and software required for a single task – in the case of storage suppliers, this is the storage and management of data. As such, a converged storage appliance may still have a server chip in it, memory, network ports and storage systems, but you would not be able (nor would you want) to install and run, say, Microsoft Exchange on it.
Read the entire article here, Tips for buying hyper-converged systems
via the fine folks at FSLogix
Tuition and fees at Mississippi's 15 community and junior colleges will rise by 13 percent this fall, with the average annual price exceeding $3,000 for the first time as schools try to offset state budget cuts.
That's bad news for students like Temeria Payton of Canton, who is studying liberal arts and foreign languages at Holmes Community College in Ridgeland.
“That's the only problem we have, is the tuition,” Payton said Tuesday, describing cost as her primary obstacle to getting a college degree.
Payton said her aid package covers most tuition but doesn't provide enough to buy books. She's not sure yet how the $370-a-year increase at Holmes will affect her.
The 13.5 percent increase at Holmes is in line with what's happening statewide. Figures from the state Community College Board show average tuition and fees will rise to $3,104 annually, up from $2,748 this year.
Each of the independently governed colleges will raise tuition, even though some schools traditionally have increased tuition every other year. Colleges started the current budget with $265 million in state funding, but after a series of cuts will start next year with $237 million.
“Obviously, the 10.2 percent reduction in appropriations we were given by the Legislature was a major factor,” said William Lewis, who is retiring as president of Poplarville-based Pearl River Community College.
The tuition increases are part a wave of impacts across state agencies caused by budget cuts. Mississippi's eight public universities are raising tuition by 6.6 percent in the fall.
Lewis said the college is eliminating some positions and cutting pay of a few others by reducing them from year-round employees to nine- or 10-month contracts. He said counties that support the college though property taxes have increased contributions in recent years.
Statewide, tuition continues to rise faster than inflation and income. Although community college tuition cost 3.1 percent of median family income in Mississippi in 2000, it cost 6.4 percent in 2016.
Many Mississippi community college students pay less than full tuition through scholarships and financial aid. In at least 29 of Mississippi's 82 counties, local governments and private donors pay tuition for recent high school graduates not covered by other financial aid. Federal Pell Grants cover tuition and books for others. The maximum Pell Grant for 2017-2018 will be $5,920, enough to pay tuition at any Mississippi community college and leave money for other expenses.
Brelynne Baldwin, a sophomore from Raleigh studying psychology at Jones County Junior College in Ellisville, said his tuition is covered by scholarships, but he worries about community colleges' traditional mission of access for all. Tuition at Jones will rise to $3,480 next year, the highest statewide.
“It's supposed to be an easier way to be in college,” Baldwin said.
Community colleges also fight declining enrollment as the number of traditional college-age students falls and as an improving economy means fewer adults return to school.
Pearl River's budget will rise 1 percent for the year beginning July 1 to $37.2 million. Lewis said increased operating costs mandated higher tuition, though officials worry about harm to students.
“Our board is very sympathetic to that, but at the same time, we've got to be able to keep the doors open,” Lewis said.
Global Forecast - Asia as of 13:30 GMT Wednesday, July 4, 2018
Minimum and maximum temperatures in Celsius, precipitation in centimeters and weather conditions as recorded for the previous day (Jul 3 except Asia and Australia where data is for Jul 4) and forecast for the current and following day in each city as of 1330 GMT:
_____
CITY;MIN;MAX;COND;PRECIP;MIN;MAX;COND;MIN;MAX;COND
Abidjan;24;29;c;1.4;24;29;pc;24;28;rn
Abu Dhabi;32;44;pc;0;34;46;clr;34;46;clr
Aleppo;22;38;clr;0;22;37;clr;21;37;clr
Algiers;19;27;clr;0;18;27;clr;20;27;c
Amsterdam;14;25;clr;0;15;23;pc;14;24;pc
Anchorage;13;22;pc;0;13;22;c;14;24;pc
Ashgabat;24;40;clr;0;25;39;clr;26;41;clr
Astana;11;24;clr;0.38;15;28;clr;19;32;c
Asuncion;14;22;rn;32.13;16;27;clr;19;30;c
Athens;23;34;clr;0;22;35;clr;22;34;clr
Auckland;9;14;clr;0;6;13;pc;7;13;pc
Baghdad;31;48;clr;0;30;47;clr;30;47;clr
Bahrain;32;41;pc;0;31;39;clr;32;40;clr
Banda Aceh;23;35;pc;0;23;34;c;23;34;pc
Bangalore;20;28;c;2.79;21;29;c;20;27;c
Bangkok;27;33;rn;3.96;28;33;rn;27;33;rn
Barcelona;22;28;clr;0;22;27;clr;21;26;clr
Beijing;25;36;pc;1.27;24;37;pc;23;33;rn
Belgrade;17;29;pc;0;18;31;pc;18;30;rn
Berlin;16;31;clr;0;15;30;pc;14;26;clr
Bogota;8;18;c;0.03;9;17;c;9;17;c
Brasilia;9;28;clr;0;7;26;clr;8;26;clr
Bratislava;17;30;pc;0;19;30;rn;17;29;rn
Brisbane;16;23;pc;0;17;24;pc;17;24;rn
Brussels;15;28;rn;0;13;27;pc;13;27;pc
Bucharest;19;30;pc;0;17;27;pc;19;30;pc
Budapest;16;27;pc;0;17;31;rn;18;29;rn
Buenos Aires;7;10;c;0;8;12;c;11;14;rn
Bujumbura;16;28;pc;0;15;27;clr;15;28;clr
Busan;23;28;pc;76.68;22;26;rn;20;24;pc
Cairo;25;39;clr;0;25;39;clr;25;39;clr
Cape Town;9;18;clr;0;7;18;clr;9;21;clr
Caracas;20;27;rn;1.32;19;28;clr;19;28;pc
Chennai;27;35;pc;6.65;26;38;pc;28;36;c
Chicago;25;31;rn;0;20;31;rn;18;25;clr
Colombo;26;31;rn;5.92;26;31;pc;27;30;rn
Copenhagen;13;24;clr;0;13;20;clr;13;23;pc
Dakar;24;28;pc;0;25;28;pc;25;28;clr
Dallas;24;35;rn;0;26;35;pc;25;36;rn
Dar es Salaam;21;29;pc;0;22;28;pc;21;27;rn
Denver;16;31;pc;0.25;16;28;rn;17;32;rn
Dhahran;29;46;pc;0;30;44;clr;29;44;clr
Dhaka;26;32;rn;24.05;27;33;rn;28;34;rn
Dili;23;34;pc;0.61;22;31;pc;23;31;pc
Dubai;35;44;clr;0;35;45;clr;34;44;clr
Dublin;11;24;pc;0;11;21;pc;13;23;pc
Dushanbe;19;36;pc;0;19;33;pc;21;36;clr
Gibraltar;19;27;clr;0;20;28;clr;19;28;clr
Hanoi;30;39;pc;0;29;39;pc;28;38;pc
Harare;8;20;pc;0;7;18;pc;9;17;pc
Havana;23;31;pc;2.36;25;32;pc;24;31;pc
Helsinki;12;19;rn;17.75;13;20;rn;14;21;pc
Ho Chi Minh City;26;33;rn;7.01;25;32;rn;25;31;rn
Hong Kong;29;33;c;9.78;28;33;rn;28;33;rn
Honolulu;23;31;rn;0.63;24;31;pc;24;30;pc
Hyderabad;23;33;rn;3.25;22;31;c;22;28;rn
Islamabad;22;30;pc;21.79;24;34;pc;26;37;pc
Istanbul;22;32;clr;0;20;29;clr;21;29;clr
Jakarta;24;32;c;0;22;33;pc;21;33;clr
Jeddah;29;40;pc;0;28;36;pc;29;37;clr
Jerusalem;20;32;clr;0;20;31;clr;20;31;clr
Johannesburg;3;15;clr;0;2;16;clr;4;14;clr
Kabul;16;36;clr;0;16;31;clr;17;33;clr
Karachi;30;33;pc;0.79;29;34;pc;29;34;pc
Kathmandu;20;27;rn;10.01;21;28;rn;21;27;rn
Khartoum;28;41;clr;0;28;39;c;28;39;pc
Kiev;13;25;pc;0;16;26;pc;15;28;rn
Kingston;27;33;pc;0.23;27;33;pc;26;33;pc
Kinshasa;21;31;c;0;21;31;pc;21;32;pc
Kolkata;26;33;rn;17.5;26;31;rn;26;33;rn
Kuala Lumpur;23;32;rn;2.64;23;33;pc;23;32;rn
Kuwait;34;47;clr;0;33;46;clr;33;46;clr
La Paz;-2;15;pc;0;-3;16;pc;-3;16;pc
Lagos;23;30;pc;5.72;23;29;rn;24;29;rn
Lima;16;19;pc;0;16;19;c;16;19;c
Lisbon;16;24;pc;0;17;25;clr;17;26;clr
London;16;26;c;5.03;17;27;pc;17;28;pc
Los Angeles;18;26;pc;0;21;31;pc;25;40;clr
Luanda;20;26;clr;0;21;27;c;21;27;pc
Madrid;15;29;clr;0;18;30;clr;19;32;clr
Male;26;31;pc;0.23;27;31;pc;27;31;rn
Manaus;25;33;pc;0;23;33;clr;24;31;pc
Manila;25;30;rn;3.56;25;30;rn;25;29;rn
Mecca;30;43;c;0;30;42;pc;32;44;clr
Melbourne;11;15;pc;0;11;15;rn;9;14;clr
Mexico City;13;23;rn;8.64;12;23;rn;12;22;rn
Miami;26;31;pc;5.74;27;32;rn;24;32;rn
Minsk;11;20;rn;5.54;11;22;pc;14;22;rn
Mogadishu;24;28;pc;0.41;24;28;c;24;28;c
Montevideo;5;10;pc;0;8;11;c;11;15;rn
Montreal;23;35;clr;0;23;33;rn;13;24;pc
Moscow;11;18;c;0;12;22;pc;14;22;rn
Mumbai;26;30;rn;41.48;27;30;rn;26;30;rn
Nairobi;12;18;rn;1.5;11;22;c;11;23;c
New Delhi;28;36;rn;0.99;30;37;pc;30;37;pc
New York;23;30;rn;3.84;24;31;pc;18;28;rn
Nicosia;24;38;clr;0;25;38;clr;24;38;clr
Novosibirsk;10;20;pc;9.5;10;19;pc;11;20;pc
Osaka-shi;24;29;rn;3.91;22;26;rn;22;25;rn
Oslo;13;28;clr;0;13;25;clr;13;30;pc
Ottawa;21;35;clr;0;21;34;rn;10;24;pc
Pago Pago;24;26;rn;68.86;24;27;rn;23;27;rn
Panama City;24;31;rn;3.81;25;31;rn;24;30;rn
Paramaribo;23;30;rn;1.78;23;29;rn;23;30;pc
Paris;18;30;rn;1.98;15;27;rn;17;29;pc
Perth;11;18;rn;2.31;7;16;rn;10;17;pc
Phnom Penh;25;33;rn;8.76;25;33;rn;25;32;c
Port Moresby;23;30;pc;0;24;32;pc;23;30;c
Port-au-prince;24;36;pc;2.26;22;36;clr;23;35;pc
Prague;16;30;clr;0;17;30;rn;14;25;pc
Pyongyang;21;33;rn;1.98;19;30;rn;15;26;pc
Quito;10;23;pc;0;8;23;c;10;23;c
Rabat;15;24;clr;0;15;25;clr;17;26;clr
Recife;22;28;pc;0.99;23;28;rn;23;28;rn
Reykjavik;7;11;rn;4.11;5;11;c;7;11;pc
Riga;10;20;rn;4.85;12;20;pc;13;21;rn
Rio de Janeiro;19;25;rn;4.45;20;28;clr;20;27;clr
Riyadh;30;42;pc;0;29;45;clr;30;44;clr
Rome;19;31;clr;0;19;31;clr;19;31;clr
Saint Petersburg;12;20;c;0.25;13;18;rn;15;20;rn
San Francisco;13;19;pc;0;14;20;pc;13;21;pc
San Jose;18;25;rn;10.46;18;26;rn;19;26;rn
San Juan;26;31;pc;0;25;30;pc;26;30;pc
San Salvador;19;25;rn;2.54;19;25;rn;18;25;rn
Sana'a;15;28;pc;0.81;15;28;pc;14;29;clr
Santiago;6;12;rn;1.02;6;12;rn;1;12;rn
Santo Domingo;24;31;pc;2.97;23;31;clr;23;31;pc
São Paulo;15;22;pc;0;14;24;pc;14;25;clr
Seattle;16;28;pc;0;16;28;pc;15;25;pc
Seoul;23;32;pc;1.78;21;29;rn;17;27;pc
Shanghai;25;32;rn;2.26;24;29;rn;24;28;rn
Singapore;26;32;c;8.84;26;31;c;26;30;pc
Sofia;17;28;rn;0.25;15;27;rn;16;27;rn
St. John's;25;30;pc;0;25;30;pc;25;30;pc
Stockholm;10;23;clr;0;13;23;clr;13;26;pc
Sydney;11;20;clr;0;16;23;clr;9;25;clr
Taipei City;28;35;c;0;28;36;pc;27;36;pc
Tallinn;11;19;pc;9.91;13;20;rn;14;19;rn
Tashkent;23;35;clr;0;24;37;clr;26;39;clr
Tbilisi;20;39;clr;0;20;37;clr;20;34;clr
Tehran;25;41;clr;0;25;37;clr;26;38;clr
Tel Aviv;24;32;clr;0;24;32;clr;25;32;clr
Tirana;20;31;clr;0;20;33;clr;21;34;pc
Tokyo;25;29;c;0;24;30;rn;24;28;rn
Toronto;21;28;clr;0;18;29;rn;15;24;pc
Tripoli;24;30;clr;0;25;33;clr;24;31;clr
Tunis;24;34;clr;0;23;37;clr;21;33;clr
Ulan Bator;12;28;pc;0.76;15;25;c;9;22;pc
Vancouver;19;28;c;0;16;27;clr;14;23;rn
Vienna;17;30;pc;0;19;31;rn;17;28;rn
Vientiane;25;35;pc;0;24;35;pc;25;34;pc
Vilnius;11;20;rn;5.49;12;23;pc;13;22;rn
Warsaw;14;28;pc;0;16;30;pc;15;26;pc
Wellington;5;11;clr;0.25;8;12;c;11;13;pc
Yangon;25;33;rn;7.98;25;31;rn;25;31;rn
Yerevan;20;39;clr;0;23;37;clr;19;35;clr
Legend: clr...clear;pc...partly cloudy;c...cloudy;rn...rain;sn...snow
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
Some of the people who brought a marijuana legalization plan to the ballot two years ago want to try to put a different one before voters next year.
New effort to legalize recreational marijuana
Jimmy Gould backed the 2015 amendment which failed overwhelmingly at the ballot box, and he was recently rejected for a large cultivator's license by the state's medical marijuana program. But he says it's not that rejection but rather problems with the process that are prompting him to put an all-out legalization of marijuana before voters next year.
“Let's stop this nonsense. This is crazy.”
Gould says his new plan would treat marijuana much like alcohol. Rob Walgate with the Ohio Business Roundtable says he wants to see the details.
“We've got to take off the wrapping paper and look at the exact language. What are they trying to do?”
Gould says he'll have more details about the plan in the months ahead.
A look at what's happening all around the majors Thursday:
———
SURGING SALE
Red Sox ace Chris Sale goes for his eighth straight win and ninth of the season in the finale of a three-game series at Philadelphia. It would tie Sale, 7-0 in his last eight starts, with Houston's Dallas Keuchel (9-0), Kansas City's Jason Vargas (9-3) and the Los Angeles Dodgers' Clayton Kershaw (9-2) for the major league lead in wins.
STAYING UNBEATEN
Colorado rookie Jeff Hoffman will look for his fifth straight win when the Rockies host San Francisco in the opener of a seven-game homestand. Hoffman is 4-0 with a 2.10 ERA in four starts.
SIXTH MAN
With the New York Mets using a six-man rotation during a long stretch between days off, Robert Gsellman gets another start in the opener of a four-game series against NL East-leading Washington. After making two relief appearances, the rookie right-hander is 3-0 with a 2.16 ERA in four starts. He faces Nationals lefty Gio Gonzalez, who is 9-1 with a 1.62 ERA in 14 starts at Citi Field.
FIRST START
Matt Strahm makes his first career start in the opener of Kansas City's four-game series at the Los Angeles Angels. The left-hander was 1-3 with a 4.05 ERA in 20 appearances out of the bullpen this season.
———
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
02:14 Reported News Briefs Iyar 10, 5778 , 25/04/18 Iyar 10, 5778 , 25/04/18 The truth about American aid to Israel Read more Exploding the myth: American aid to Israel is significantly less than what is given to other countries. ► ◄ Last Briefs
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A man believed to be an occupant in a home where a crane collapsed on homes in Lauderhill, Fla., is transported to the hospital by Broward County Fire Rescue Wednesday, May 30, 2018. A crane boom crashe...
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
By DAVID FISCHER
Associated Press
A crane toppled on two houses in a Florida neighborhood, smashing through the roof of one of the homes and injuring at least two people Wednesday, authorities said.
The crane was being used to put up Florida Power & Light electric poles when it fell on the houses, Lauderhill Fire Rescue Assistant Fire Chief Jeff Levy said at a news conference at the scene.
"There's significant roof and structural damage to the one house and some roof damage to the second house," Levy said.
Power also was knocked out in the surrounding area.
No fatalities or serious injuries were reported. The crane's operator was treated for minor injuries at the scene, Levy said, while a man who had been inside the home with the collapsed roof was taken to a nearby hospital. The resident had been alert and walking around before his trip to the hospital.
"He's lucky to be alive," Levy said.
A Broward Sheriff Fire Rescue dog searched area homes for other victims, but none were found, Levy added.
It wasn't immediately clear what caused the collapse, Levy said. It remained under investigation.
FPL spokesman Richard Beltran confirmed the crane was being operated by a contractor when it tipped over, but he couldn't provide additional information.
Lauderhill is located northwest of Fort Lauderdale in South Florida. The Lauderhill Fire Rescue Department tweeted photos showing its emergency crews on the scene amid views of the crane toppled atop a house and a fence.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TORONTO — Police say they're looking for a suspect after two 11-year-old girls were allegedly sexually assaulted in a Toronto convenience store.
The two girls were in the store last Friday afternoon and it's alleged they were approached by a man who sexually assaulted both of them.
Police say they're seeking the public's help in identifying the suspect and have released security camera images.
The man is described as 30 years old, clean-shaven, with short brown hair.
Looks like you are using an ad-blocker
to continue to provide you with unmatchable content, disable the ad-blocker
Accept
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An 18-year-old Houston man was charged on Monday with trying to support the radical group Islamic State and distributing information about how to make bombs, the U.S. Justice Department said.
Kaan Sercan Damlarkaya, who is a U.S. citizen, was arrested on Friday in Houston after the filing of a criminal complaint by federal prosecutors, the Justice Department said in an emailed statement.
This followed an investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) that found he had allegedly said he planned to travel overseas to fight for Islamic State or failing that, commit an attack in the United States, the statement said.
"The charges also indicate Damlarkaya asked if he could provide a farewell video to be published should he follow through with an attack resulting in his death in order to inspire others," the statement said.
Damlarkaya also told undercover FBI agents and other sources through online communications how to build AK-47 or AR-15 assault rifles with easily available parts and how to make a pressure cooker bomb, the statement said.
The criminal complaint alleges that Damlarkaya claims to have attempted to get to Syria on two occasions, but failed.
It was not immediately clear if Damlarkaya had a lawyer.
He is being held pending a detention hearing set for Dec. 14.
(Reporting by Eric Walsh; editing by Diane Craft)
Last week, CEO Sundar Pichai told employees that the company wanted to develop principles that "stood the test of time," according to those present for his remarks, and Google told the New York Times that those guidelines would prohibit the use of AI in weaponry. How they will do that is currently unclear, but employees said they expected the principles to be announced internally within the next few weeks.
Whatever these guidelines turn out to be, it wouldn't be surprising to see a continued backlash to the company's contract with the Pentagon. Banning collaboration on weaponized AI may not be enough to quell concerns if there's a chance that the "non-offensive" involvement, as Google calls it, could lead to offensive actions, such as drone strikes. "Amid growing fears of biased and weaponized AI, Google is already struggling to keep the public's trust," the Google petition read. "The argument that other firms, like Microsoft and Amazon, are also participating doesn't make this any less risky for Google. Google's unique history, its motto Don't Be Evil, and its direct reach into the lives of billions of users set it apart."
Earlier this month an employee who left Google due to the contract told Gizmodo, "I wasn't happy just voicing my concerns internally. The strongest possible statement I could take against this was to leave."
Edo: National Housing Programme creates 3,000 jobs
The ongoing National Housing Programme ( NHP ) by the Federal Government in Benin, Edo, has generated over 3,000 employments and empowerment to Nigerians within the locality.
Mrs Ebemeata Ani-Otoibhi, the Team Leader, NHP, Edo, made this known on Tuesday in Benin while briefing newsmen after the inspection of the project.
Ani-Otoibhi said that the ongoing project with about 12 different contractors has attained 80 per cent completion.
The newsmen report that the inspection was part of the South-South Zone media inspection organised by the Ministry Power, Works and Housing.
The 64-unit housing project is located at Idumwen-Ehigie, along Benin-Auchi road in Uhunmwode Local Government Area of the state.
“Since the inception of the project, more than 3,000 skilled and unskilled workers, including contractors, artisans, building materials suppliers, block moulders; food vendors and security guards have been employed.
“These people have impacted positively on the lives of the people and this is one of the objectives of the project.
“So, the objectives are to address and improve socio-economic conditions through employment generation, poverty alleviation and empowerment of people within the locality,'' she said.
Ani-Otoibhi noted that the project, which started in March 2017, would finally be completed by June 2018.
She added that the project has also increased commercial activities in the state as well as enhancing development in the location.
“We have some security challenges arising from community issues but we have not experienced theft because we employed day and night security guard in the site.''
The road contractor, Mr James Okafor said that the company has been able to clear the soil and would be filling the soil immediately after evacuation.
“The project has impacted on me positively because I have been able to foot my bills, take care of my family.
“The project has also helped me to settle some other financial challenges, which I was not able to do before the commencement of the project.
“More than 10 people are working under our company and we intend to employ more people. We have surveyors, engineers among others working with us.
Okafor noted that non mobilisation of fund was one of the challenges facing the company presently.
He appealed to the government to release more fund for the project as soon possible to enable them meet the deadline for the completion of the project.
Read Also: Edo APC caucus endorses Oshiomhole for post of National Chairman
“One thing is to award a project; the second thing is the supervision while thirdly is the completion of the project.
“The government should do the needful by following up the project and releasing money as and when due,'' he said.
Meanwhile, a food vendor at the site, Mrs Regina Ibe commended the Federal Government for creating means of livelihood for some of them through the project.
“I make between N27, 000 to N35, 000 daily from this place. The money I generate has helped me to take care of my children education and I have also bought a land for my family to build our own house.
The newsmen report that installation of 500KVA transformer and supply of electricity by Messrs Rosco Progenitors Synergies Ltd. is also on course.
The purpose of the media inspection is basically to access the level of progress made on the project in the South-South Zone and to access the level of infrastructure to complement the housing units.
Also, the media inspection was to access the economic impact made by the programme to the Growth of Domestic Product ( GDP ) in the country.
NAN
The post Edo: National Housing Programme creates 3,000 jobs appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Sunrisers Hyderabad paceman Billy Stanlake will miss the rest of the Indian Premier League season due to a fractured finger.
The Australia international did the damage while fielding during a four-run defeat to Chennai Super Kings on Sunday.
Stanlake, who played for Royal Challengers Bangalore in the 2017 IPL, will play no further part in the tournament.
The lofty quick has taken five wickets in four matches for Sunrisers and scored the winning runs off the last ball against Mumbai Indians.
Stanlake is due to join Yorkshire for the T20 Blast, which starts in July.
Barcelona have two weeks to finalise a move for Ousmane Dembele, Borussia Dortmund chief executive Hans Joachim Watzke has indicated.
The identity of Barça's replacement for Neymar, who joined Paris Saint-Germain for a world-record fee of €222million earlier this month, is yet to be determined, with Dembele and Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho believed to be the Catalan giants' preferred targets.
Dortmund told the German stock exchange last week that they had rejected a €100m bid from Barça for Dembele, who only moved to Signal Iduna Park from Rennes in July 2016.
The 20-year-old French forward has been indefinitely excluded from selection contention after missing a training session without permission.
Borussia Dortmund accepted the 100 million € fee for Dembelé from Barcelona. Difference still on quantity of bonus. Borussia want 30m€ — Tancredi Palmeri (@tancredipalmeri) August 14, 2017
Liverpool's owners, meanwhile, released a statement on Friday insisting they will not consider any offers for Coutinho, an announcement that was swiftly followed by reports the Brazil international had submitted a transfer request.
It remains to be seen if Ernesto Valverde's Liga powerhouse will succeed in securing the services of either player before the transfer window shuts on August 31.
Watzke, though, may have sought to force Barça's hand with his latest remarks regarding Dembele.
"The time horizon is enough for two games," he told Kicker when asked for an update on the situation.
Dortmund is away to Wolfsburg in their opening game of the new Bundesliga season on Saturday, followed by a home match against Hertha Berlin a week later.
SARASOTA, Fla. (WFLA) – This deadly flu season has doctors working overtime while the community is on edge. But officials point out two problem hot spots contributing to the local epidemic: hotels and airports.
Local hotels are booking up fast during the peak of snowbird season. But with all those visitors coming from all those cold climates, it's easy to see why flu cases are spiking locally.
Inside the Regency Inn and Suites, they're not taking any chances.
“I really gotta focus on making sure all the germs and stuff out the bathroom and everything,” said one housekeeper.
The hotel serves guests from around the world and manager Jon Baugh keeps a close eye on their health. He saw one that was sick this week.
“I noticed he wasn't looking [good] and I was like, ‘dude you alright?' And he was like, ‘no.' And he got pretty sick,” said Baugh.
He reminds guests to be cautious this time of year, while in the meantime, his housekeepers thoroughly scrub each room. A team of four housekeepers spend a minimum of 20 minutes cleaning every room.
Tourists may be contributing to the local flu crisis. Sarasota Memorial Hospital reports the number of flu cases have tripled compared to last year.
Officials say hotel rooms are a culprit. If not cleaned properly, germs can remain for days on things like remotes, light switches and even hotel pens. Airports and airplanes are especially problematic.
“I really do not like to sit next to someone who's coughing but I don't really have much control over that,” said traveler Carrick Inabnett.
The flu virus can be found in departure gates and cramped airplanes can spread viruses too. Travelers are aware of the risks.
“Washing my hands, not sharing newspapers back and forth and just covering up,” said traveler Eric Leininger.
The local economy loves tourists but we'd all prefer that they don't bring the flu with them.
Officials say this year, the flu vaccine has only been 17 percent effective against the virus. So keep your hands clean, use cleaning products and ask your hotel about their cleaning procedures.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW:
Don't blame me for Lagos PDP crisis – Kashamu
A PDP faction in Lagos State is aligning with the Labour Party.
The post Don't blame me for Lagos PDP crisis – Kashamu appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BOSTON — Al Horford had 22 points and 14 rebounds, Marcus Smart made an impact in his first game since mid-March and the Boston Celtics beat the Milwaukee Bucks 92-87 on Tuesday night for a 3-2 lead in their first-round playoff series.
Smart came off the bench and had nine points, five rebounds, four assists and three blocks in his first game since undergoing right thumb surgery. He played 25 minutes wearing a protective splint and had a key assist late from the bottom of a scrum beneath three Milwaukee players.
Terry Rozier added 16 points and five assists for Boston. The home team has won all five games in the first-round series, and Game 6 is Thursday in Milwaukee.
Khris Middleton led the Bucks with 23 points, Jabari Parker added 17 points and eight rebounds, and Giannis Antetokounmpo had a series-low 16 points with 10 rebounds and nine assists.
The Celtics led by 16 before Milwaukee rallied to make it 74-70 with 7:33 left. Middleton scored later and was fouled to get Milwaukee within 84-79, but he failed to complete the three-point play.
A few possessions later, Smart managed to squeeze out a pass to Horford with three Bucks draped over him, and Horford easily dropped in a layup to make it 86-79 with 28.1 seconds left.
Milwaukee got within 87-84 after a layup by Eric Bledsoe, but the Celtics hit enough free throws the rest of the way to secure the win.
The Bucks entered the game shooting an NBA playoff-best 54 per cent from the field, but they hit just 37 per cent for the game (32 of 87).
Boston needed an energy boost after slow starts to Games 3 and 4, and Smart gave the Celtics exactly that.
He checked in for the first time late in the first quarter. Less than a minute later, he deflected a pass and won a scramble on the floor for the loose ball.
A few possessions later, he was helping protect the rim, getting his hand in to deny an alley-oop dunk attempt by Antetokounmpo.
He was also active on the offensive end, helping drive the ball into the interior of Milwaukee's defence, like when he tossed an alley-oop to Horford late in the third quarter .
TIP-INS
Bucks: F John Henson missed his third straight game with back soreness. … Scored 15 points in first quarter. It was low for a quarter in the series, excluding the Game 1 overtime period (eight points).
Celtics: Finished with 18 turnovers. … Outscored the Bucks 32-28 in the paint.
DROUGHT AND A RUN
The Celtics went without a field goal from Rozier's 3-pointer with 9:14 left in the third until Jaylen Brown hit from beyond the arc with 4:26 to go in the period.
Boston's only points during the shooting slump came on a pair of free throws by Tatum with 6:36 left.
It allowed Milwaukee to go on a 12-2 run, trimming Boston's lead to 58-52.
STILL BEEFING
Rozier and Eric Bledsoe got tangled up with 9:33 left in the third quarter. Rozier bumped Bledsoe near the baseline. Bledsoe responded with a hard shove. They then got face-to-face and had to be separated.
Bledsoe was assessed a flagrant foul and Rozier was issued a technical foul.
It was the continuation of some off-court chiding between the pair.
Rozier called Bledsoe “Drew Bledsoe” when asked about him after Game 1. Bledsoe has since responded by saying “Who?” whenever he's asked about Rozier.
——
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Pittsburgh safety Mike Mitchell and linebacker James Harrison are active as the Steelers try to clinch the AFC North title against Baltimore.
Mitchell missed last week's victory over Cincinnati with an ankle injury. Harrison has been healthy but inactive since Oct. 22. The five-time Pro Bowler is playing thanks in part to an injury to inside linebacker Ryan Shazier.
Shazier remains in the hospital recovering from a spinal cord injury. Pittsburgh moved reserve outside linebacker Arthur Moats to the inside to take Shazier's place, opening a spot on the outside for Harrison.
Shazier, linebacker Tyler Matakevich, cornerback Joe Haden, safety J.J. Wilcox, quarterback Josh Dobbs, offensive tackle Matt Feiler and defensive tackle Dan McCullers are inactive for Pittsburgh.
Wide receiver Breshad Perriman, running back Terrance West, cornerback Stanley Jean-Baptiste, offensive lineman Maurquice Shakir, linebacker Za'Darius Smith and defensive end Bronson Kaufusi are inactive for Baltimore.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Study: Radical Diet Can Reverse Type 2 Diabetes A radical low-calorie diet can reverse type 2 diabetes, even six years into the disease, a new study has found. The number of cases of type 2 diabetes is soaring, related to the obesity epidemic. Fat accumulated in the abdomen prevents the proper function of the pancreas. It can lead to serious and life-threatening complications, including blindness and foot amputations, heart and kidney disease. A new study from Newcastle and Glasgow Universities shows that the disease can be reversed by losing weight, so that sufferers no longer have to take medication and are free of the symptoms and risks. Nine out of 10 people in the trial who lost 15kg (two-and-a-half stone) or more put their type 2 diabetes into remission. Prof Roy Taylor from Newcastle University, lead researcher in the trial funded by Diabetes UK, said: "These findings are very exciting. They could revolutionize the way type 2 diabetes is treated. This builds on the work into the underlying cause of the condition, so that we can target management effectively. "Substantial weight loss results in reduced fat inside the liver and pancreas, allowing these organs to return to normal function. What we're seeing … is that losing weight isn't just linked to better management of type 2 diabetes: significant weight loss could actually result in lasting remission." Worldwide, the number of people with type 2 diabetes has quadrupled over 35 years, rising from 108 million in 1980 to 422 million in 2014. This is expected to climb to 642 million by 2040. Type 2 diabetes affects almost 1 in 10 adults in the UK and costs the NHS about £14bn a year. Type 2 diabetes is usually treated with medication and in some cases, bariatric surgery to restrict stomach capacity, which has also been shown to reverse the disease. "Rather than addressing the root cause, management guidelines for type 2 diabetes focus on reducing blood sugar levels through drug treatments. Diet and lifestyle are touched upon, but diabetes remission by cutting calories is rarely discussed," said Taylor. "A major difference from other studies is that we advised a period of dietary weight loss with no increase in physical activity, but during the long-term follow up increased daily activity is important. Bariatric surgery can achieve remission of diabetes in about three-quarters of people, but it is more expensive and risky, and is only available to a small number of patients." The trial results, published in the Lancet and presented at the International Diabetes Federation Congress in Abu Dhabi, show that after one year, participants had lost an average of 10kg, and nearly half had reverted to a non-diabetic state. There were 298 adults on the trial aged 20-65, who had been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes within the last six years, from 49 primary care practices in Scotland and Tyneside. Half of the practices put their patients on the very low calorie diet, while the rest were a control group, in which patients received usual care. Only 4% of the control group managed to achieve remission. The diet was a formula of 825-853 calories per day for 3 to 5 months, followed by the stepped reintroduction of food over two to eight weeks. The participants were all given support throughout, including cognitive behavior therapy and were encouraged to exercise. "Our findings suggest that even if you have had type 2 diabetes for six years, putting the disease into remission is feasible," says Prof Michael Lean from the University of Glasgow who co-led the study. "In contrast to other approaches, we focus on the need for long-term maintenance of weight loss through diet and exercise and encourage flexibility to optimize individual results." Isobel Murray, 65 from North Ayrshire, was one of those who took part. Over two years she lost three and a half stone (22kg) and no longer needs medication. "It has transformed my life," she said. "I had type 2 diabetes for two to three years before the study. I was on various medications which were constantly increasing and I was becoming more and more ill every day. "When the doctors told me that my pancreas was working again, it felt fantastic, absolutely amazing. I don't think of myself as a diabetic anymore." Taylor said that the trail shows that the very large weight losses that bariatric surgery can bring about are not necessary to reverse the disease. "The weight loss goals provided by this program are achievable for many people. The big challenge is long-term avoidance of weight re-gain," he said. © 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Health, Diabetes, Disease, Medical, Scientists Comment:
Name:
Julia: Posted: 2017-12-07 @ 9:34pm PT The only symptom that I had was tingling in my legs especially at night after I retired to bed. The tingling became more severe where I could not get them to stop. I thought I had restless leg syndrome. My doctor tested me for diabetes and found that I had type II diabetes and the sugar was attacking my legs because it had no place to go. He put me on a sugar free diet and Actos and within one to two days my symptom were gone. One day I got extremely sick, could not keep anything down, had blurry vision, a rapid heartbeat. I Started taking metformin 1000 mg twice daily. I am writing this to inform others that nothing was really working to help my condition. I went off the metformin (with the doctor's knowledge) and started on Diabetes herbal formula I ordered from Health Herbal Clinic, my symptoms totally declined over a 7 weeks use of the Diabetes natural herbal formula. I am now doing very well, Visit their website healthherbalclinic.net. This treatment is incredible! sara: Posted: 2017-12-07 @ 3:38pm PT I was diagnosed with type 2 Diabetes and put on Metformin on June 26th, 2016. I started the ADA diet and followed it 100% for a few weeks and could not get my blood sugar to go below 140. Finally I began to panic and called my doctor, he told me to get used to it. He said I would be on metformin my whole life and eventually insulin. At that point I knew something wasn't right and began to do a lot of research. Then I found Lisa's diabetes story (google "Lisa diabetes"). I read that article from end to end because everything the writer was saying made absolute sense. I started the diet that day and the next morning my blood sugar was down to 100 and now I have a fasting blood sugar between mid 70's and the 80's. My doctor took me off the metformin after just three weeks of being on this lifestyle change. I have lost over 30 pounds and 6+ inches around my waist in a month. The truth is we can get off the drugs and help ourselves by trying natural methods. len Smith: Posted: 2017-12-07 @ 12:27pm PT Tell us what the diet is so that we can all benefit! TOP STORIES NOW 1. Microsoft Ups AI for Earth Investment 2. What To Expect at Climate Summit 3. Thylacine DNA Reveals Secrets 4. Just 15 Cars Met Top Safety+ Criteria 5. Phone Addiction Imbalances the Brain MAY INTEREST YOU MORE IN HEALTH 1. Phone Addiction Imbalances the Brain 2. Viagra Is About To Get Cheaper 3. Health Premiums Hurting Small Biz 4. Diet Can Reverse Type 2 Diabetes 5. Aetna-CVS Shows Amazon's Might
RICHMOND HILL, Ont. — The man accused in a van attack that left 10 people dead in Toronto was briefly a member of the Canadian Armed Forces last year, a government spokeswoman said.
Alek Minassian was a member of the forces from Aug. 23, 2017 until Oct. 25, 2017, a spokeswoman with the Department of National Defence said.
“He did not complete his recruit training and requested to be voluntarily released from the CAF after 16 days of recruit training,” said Jessica Lamirande.
Minassian, a 25-year-old from Richmond Hill, Ont., was charged on Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
Ten people were killed and 15 people injured after a van mounted a sidewalk and drove into pedestrians along a busy stretch of a north Toronto street on Monday afternoon.
Minassian had attended Thornlea Secondary School in Richmond Hill, graduating in 2011, according to school officials, who declined to provide further details.
A LinkedIn page with Minassian's name and photograph lists him as a student at Seneca College from 2011 to this year.
The area surrounding Minassian's Richmond Hill, Ont., home, just 20 minutes north of where the van incident took place, was cordoned off with police tape on Tuesday morning, with officers entering the home a few times to speak to someone inside.
The few neighbours that were around said they didn't know the family well, but had noticed that its members kept to themselves.
Kevork Djansezian
If the Eagles want to reach the Super Bowl for the third time in franchise history, they will need to do so without their franchise quarterback.
Head coach Doug Pederson confirmed everyone's worst fears on Monday: Carson Wentz has a torn ACL in his left knee and will miss the rest of the season.
Wentz went down in the Eagles' 43-35 win over the Los Angeles Rams on Sunday. He had thrown for 291 yards and four touchdowns before coming out of the game.
Backup quarterback Nick Foles came in off the bench to lead the team to a win, which clinched the NFC East division title.
Scientists Reset Doomsday Clock: '2 Minutes to Midnight'
The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists reset its "Doomsday Clock" Thursday in Washington, D.C., predicting the world is 30 seconds closer to annihilation, thanks to President Donald Trump.
Scientists with the organization made their annual update, revealing how close earth is to "midnight" -- the closer we are, the greater the chance of annihilation.
The 2018 clock was set to "2 minutes" to midnight. The clock for last year was set at two-and-a-half minutes to midnight.
Bulletin scientists said in their announcement that Trump's administration is "unable to develop, coordinate and clearly communicate a coherent foreign, much less nuclear, policy."
They criticized Trump for his "dislike" of the Iran nuclear deal.
"President Trump himself has never offered a single viable alternative, but so far hasn't been willing to unilaterally pull out of the deal as he has threatened," said Sharon Squassoni, a George Washington University professor who is on the Bulletin Science and Security Board, adding that Trump is "hardly" providing a recipe for stability.
Weather also played a factor in the Bulletin's update: wildfires in the United States and Canada, hurricanes in the Caribbean and extreme heat waves in Australia.
"What can improve is a shift in our willingness, our ability and our effectiveness at reducing emissions to head off the worst climate impact and managing what climate impacts are unavoidable."
The panel criticized Trump for his withdrawal from the Paris Climate Agreement and said he followed through on his promise of "derailing" climate change action.
The hands were the furthest from midnight in 1991 -- 17 minutes to midnight -- with the end of the Cold War and the signing of the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty between the United States and the Soviet Union.
© 2018 UPI Top Stories under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
A Northern Kentucky school district is on a "soft lockdown" following the escape of a prisoner.
Gallatin County Schools were taking extra precautions Monday.
Superintendent Travis Hubert said there is no threat to the schools and the escapee is not believed to be dangerous, but officials are exercising extra vigilance.
The students won't go outside to the playground and all outside doors will remain locked throughout the day.
Dispatchers told us it wasn't clear when the prisoner escaped or from where.
We are working to learn more information from law enforcement.
Copyright 2017 WXIX. All rights reserved.
University Of Lagos 2016/2017 Matriculation Ceremony Date Announced.
The general public are hereby informed that the Matriculation Ceremony of the University of Lagos (UNILAG)for students admitted in the 2016/2017 Academic Session will hold as follows: Date: Friday, January 13, 2017 Time: 12 noon Venue: Multipurpose Hall, University of Lagos All matriculating students are expected to be seated by 11:30a.m. Note: We now post …
The post University Of Lagos 2016/2017 Matriculation Ceremony Date Announced. appeared first on Students Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Killers have released a new single titled “The Man.”
Related: The Killers Perform New Track, ‘Run for Cover'
The track is the first new music from the band since their 2012 album Battle Born (assuming you don't count their 2016 Christmas album Don't Waste Your Wishes). Hopefully, this signals a fifth studio effort is imminent.
Check out the latest from The Killers below.
Emotions have been running the gamut among Cavs fans since LeBron James announced he's leaving Cleveland for the L.A. Lakers. But our sports commentator Terry Pluto say despite some of the anger and sadness, James' legacy is intact.
Terry Pluto on LeBron's legacy
"You hope your opinion is based on more than just raw emotion that you want LeBron to just dribble a basketball here until he just drops over and his career ends," Pluto says.
Anger, sadness
Pluto's received a lot of emails expressing anger about James' leaving. He urges fans to remember the Cavs' four trips to the NBA Finals and the cone title.
"I think of a guy being 32-years-old, who came back to his hometown and delivered a title. He played more games here than any more else. He probably figures he has one move left -- stay in Cleveland or go somewhere else?"
'This is a different guy leaving this time'
"It was the luck of the lottery the first time he came here. He didn't have a choice to come to Cleveland. The second time he chose to come back and, as he said, make some things right."
Other fans have said they're glad James is leaving so that the Cavs "can finally build a team." The last time they made the playoffs without LeBron James was 1998.
In the past 20 years, James "was here for 11 of those years. But the other nine when he was gone, there's no playoffs!"
No regrets
"You look back and he should have no big regrets," Pluto says. "It's not like the last time when he left with 'The Decision' show, and frankly, he was immature the last year or two. He was not always a great teammate. This is a different guy leaving this time. This is a guy who learned from his mistakes."
And Pluto says James' philantrophy will continue through his LeBron James Family Foundation.
"I know some people who have kids who have been part of that. It's not just trips to Cedar Point, and it's not just getting the backpacks and the bikes. It's the academic end of it. This took a lof energy to get it right. There are a lot of athetes that have done quite a bit of good, but he's lapped them all."
Legacy
Pluto says Cleveland got to see one of the greats.
"I think his legacy will be -- people who follow the Cavaliers saw if not the greatest player of all time, among the top three ever to play basketball."
"He truly felt more than any other athlete in Cleveland pro sports history the burden of, 'I have to win a title for the town because it's been so long.' He came back with that not just as a goal, but as a burden."
The Langley Times is currently seeking a dynamic Multi-Media Sales Consultant.
This is a career opportunity for a self-starter in a competitive sales environment. Candidates will be required to meet sales targets while deepening relationships with an existing client portfolio through superior customer service and strong sales skills.
Qualifications:
Strong communication skills
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment
Basic computer skills with knowledge of Word and Excel
Organized and able to meet deadlines a must
Digital and print advertising, marketing, retail sales and/or service experience will be considered an asset
Valid driver's licence is required
Competitive salary, unlimited commissions, car & cell allowance plus excellent benefits package.
Send your resume with cover letter to:
Lisa Farquharson
Publisher
lisa.farquharson@blackpress.ca
Applications will be accepted until position is filled
Almost Done!
Please confirm your details below.
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate {* birthdate *} Gender {* gender *}
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *}
{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *}
By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account.
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.
{* backButton *}
{* /socialRegistrationForm *}
NEW ORLEANS — The New Orleans Pelicans say rookie guard Frank Jackson won't make his NBA debut this season after having follow-up surgery to remove residual scar tissue from earlier right foot operations.
The Pelicans say Jackson also received an injection in his foot.
The club says a specialist in New York handled Jackson's latest procedure.
The Pelicans acquired the 6-foot-4 Jackson through a draft-night trade with the Charlotte Hornets, who selected the former Duke player with the first pick of the second round last summer.
Following the draft, the Pelicans signed Jackson to a three-year contract at the NBA minimum with two years guaranteed, but Jackson needed a second foot surgery last summer to address a setback following his initial surgery last May.
Jackson spent one season at Duke, averaging 10.9 points.
——
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
The nominees for the 2018 Rock and Roll hall of fame were announced yesterday, there are 19 finalists who include:
Rage Against the Machine, Eurythmics, Bon Jovi, Radiohead and Judas Priest. Other nominees are Dire Straits, The Cars, Depeche Mode, J. Geils Band and LL Cool J…
In order to qualify for this award, a band or artist had to have had their first commercial release at least 25 years ago…
Fans can vote at www.rockfall.com/vote. The final list will be announced in December!
WASHINGTON — Even before he'd read the memo, President Donald Trump seized on what it could mean.
The president first learned of the House Intelligence Committee document last month from some Republican allies in Congress and he watched it take hold in the conservative media, including on some of his favourite Fox News programs, according to seven White House officials and outside advisers.
The classified memo sent to the Oval Office by the committee's majority Republicans asserted that the FBI and Justice Department abused their surveillance powers to monitor the communications of a onetime Trump campaign associate. Trump told confidants in recent days that he believed the memo would validate his concerns that the “deep state” — an alleged shadowy network of powerful entrenched federal and military interests — had conspired to undermine the legitimacy of his presidency, according to one outside adviser.
That adviser and the others weren't authorized to publicly discuss private conversation and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Trump's decision to authorize the memo's public disclosure was extraordinary, yet part of a recent pattern. Like few of his predecessors, Trump has delivered repeated broadsides against intelligence and law enforcement agencies, working in tandem with some conservatives to lay the groundwork to either dismiss or discredit special counsel Robert Mueller, who is leading the Russia investigation.
“This memo totally vindicates ‘Trump' in probe,” the president tweeted Saturday from Florida, where he was spending the weekend. “But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their (sic) was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!”
Trump had dismissed forceful pleas from the FBI director, Christopher Wray, and the second-ranking Justice Department official, Rod Rosenstein, to keep the memo under wraps. They said the four-page document was inaccurate and lacked critical context, and they made their views known in a remarkable public statement objecting to its release. Democrats said the memo, which disclosed material about one of the most tightly held national security processes, selectively used Republican talking points in an effort to smear law enforcement.
Trump, however, was undeterred.
Early last week, aides briefed him on the never-before-used-process that the House would use to release the classified memo. Lawyers at the White House and Capitol Hill worried about making dangerous missteps.
Trump told allies he believed the memo would reinforce his belief that accusations of collusion between his 2016 campaign and Russian officials were false and part of the conspiracy to discredit his victory. And the president signalled that he would approve the memo's public disclosure if the House committee voted to pursue that course.
Several aides cautioned that the memo did not contain convincing evidence of a conspiracy, while others urged him to black out sections on intelligence-gathering methods, according to a White House official. Other advisers, inside and outside the West Wing, questioned why his administration had allowed the memo to become the dominant talking point during the week when he gave his first State of the Union address, overshadowing the well-received address.
But those worries, as well as fears that the disclosure could lead to retaliatory leaks from the Justice Department, did not hold sway in the Oval Office. Trump made clear to aides he was intent on seeing the memo released as soon as possible.
White House officials with concerns resigned themselves to the memo's release. Trump put his chief of staff, John Kelly, in charge of making that happen, and Kelly called Justice Department officials multiple times to upbraid them for criticizing the likely disclosure.
Trump's counsel, meanwhile, took issue with the House process. Don McGhan believed that if the president only allowed the memo to go out, rather than declassify it, that would set a dangerous precedent and curtail executive powers, according to a White House official.
A final decision to authorize the release, without any part blacked out, came Thursday, a day before the document was sent back to the House for publication. While many in Congress, including House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., denied that the release undermined the FBI or Mueller's investigation, Trump seemed to acknowledge that the memo was explicitly political.
“The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favour of Democrats and against Republicans – something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago,” the president tweeted on Friday.
Trump has complained bitterly about Rosenstein, who is overseeing Mueller's inquiry after Attorney General Jeff Sessions stepped aside. Rosenstein appointed Mueller as special counsel after Trump fired James Comey as FBI director last May.
Trump would not say on Friday whether the memo made him more likely or not to fire Rosenstein.
“You figure that one out,” Trump told reporters.
Later, two White House officials said Trump was not considering parting ways with Rosenstein, at least for the moment. But the memo's release and Trump's penchant for keeping Justice Department officials on their toes were just the latest signs that the president intends to keep the agency on a short leash.
Trump first asked Comey for loyalty before firing him. He repeatedly berated Sessions, publicly and privately, after the attorney general's decision to withdraw from the Russia investigation, and railed about what he perceived as insufficient loyalty while urging the Justice Department to reopen its investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails. He reportedly asked the FBI's No. 2 leader, Andrew McCabe, which presidential candidate McCabe voted for in 2016 and targeted the deputy director for attack in the weeks before McCabe announced a sudden departure from the bureau.
Trump also has taken his cues from conservative media and latched onto to a number of stories — including anti-Trump text messages by FBI agents — to distract from the Russia investigation and call into question the integrity of Mueller's work.
Sessions, eager to return to Trump's good graces, seemed to tacitly agree with his boss' criticisms of the Justice Department. “I have great confidence in the men and women of this department. But no department is perfect,” Sessions said.
——
Follow Lemire on Twitter at http://twitter.com///twitter.com/@ZekeJMiller
The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.
Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager Interviews
NORFOLK, Va. — Brandan Stith scored 21 points on 9-of-10 shooting and grabbed 11 rebounds and younger brother B.J. Stith scored 15 to power Old Dominion to an 88-46 victory over Bowling Green on Saturday night in the first meeting between the schools.
Ahmad Caver finished with 10 points and eight assists for the Monarchs (7-3). Xavier Green came off the bench to score 14 on 5-of-6 shooting.
Justin Turner missed all five of his 3-point shots but scored 17 to lead the Falcons (7-4). Antwon Lillard added 10 points off the bench. It marked the first time in 11 games this season that the Falcons didn't have at least one player score 20-plus points.
Old Dominion forced 15 turnovers, while committing only five. The Monarchs came into the game averaging just 10.6 turnovers per game, 11th best in the country. Old Dominion also improved to 7-0 this season when holding opponents under 68 points.
The Monarchs took control from the tipoff and led by double digits just five minutes into the game. Green scored five points in the final 63 seconds of the first half and Old Dominion led 39-23 by intermission.
Bavaria's James has nothing to prove to Real Madrid – Zidane
Zinedine Zidane insists James Rodriguez has nothing to prove to him when the Colombian faces Real Madrid with Bayern Munich in their Champions League semi-final, first leg, on Wednesday.
James has shone at Bayern since Zidane let him leave Real on a two-year loan deal last July at the end of three often difficult seasons in Madrid.
The Colombian attacking midfielder has rediscovered his best form while playing regularly again and has the chance in Munich to show Real and Zidane what they are missing.
“James loves to play football, so of course he'll want to play well, but not to show me or prove me wrong,” said Real coach Zidane.
“I didn't want James to leave. He wanted more game time, which I can understand.
“I never had any problem with him, he just wanted to play.”
Madrid paid Monaco 75 million euros ($91.7m) for James after he finished top scorer at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil and he made an impressive start in his first season.
However, Zidane's appointment as Madrid coach in January 2016 set him back as the Frenchman gave him limited opportunities and often left him on the bench.
“The only reason he went was that he wanted to play more football,” said Zidane.
“I never had a problem with James, that was just something you journalists said.
“It's the same problem every year, there are good players who have to sit on the bench and that's sad.”
Real trail Barcelona by 15 points in La Liga and so the Champions League, which they have won in the last two seasons, is the last silverware available to them.
– ‘150 percent ready' –
Zidane said Real are relishing the challenge against Bayern as they return to the Allianz Arena, scene of a 2-1 win in the first leg of the quarter-finals last season.
They also handed Bayern a record 4-0 home defeat in the 2014 semi-finals.
“We can't shit our pants before a game like this, you have to enjoy it,” said Zidane with a grin.
“The players like matches like this, even if we know we will have to suffer to get a win here.
“This is a team which has been fighting at this level for a long time, it's in the DNA of this club.
“We'll be at 150 percent, I don't have any doubt about that.”
Real's goal-machine Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals over both legs in last season's quarter-finals when Real beat Bayern 6-3 on aggregate.
The Germans finished both legs with 10 men.
Javi Martinez was sent off in Real's 2-1 win in Munich and Arturo Vidal also had two bookings when Bayern lost 4-2 after extra time in Madrid.
However, Real's Germany midfielder Toni Kroos, who won the 2013 Champions League title with Bayern, says the Bavarians are better than they were 12 months ago.
Under head coach Jupp Heynckes, who also steered them to the 2013 treble, Bayern wrapped up the Bundesliga title three weeks ago and are into the German Cup final.
“They won the (Bundesliga) title very early, but haven't let up,” said Kroos.
“They are very hungry. Their shape is better than last year, they are in top form and playing more like a team under Heynckes, but we are here to change that.
“This is our last chance to win a title. We are highly motivated, as we have been the whole season long in the Champions League.
“We haven't taken the easiest route this year with PSG (Paris Saint-Germain), Juventus and now Bayern, but we are on the verge of the final.”
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Subscribe to our monthly Biography and Memoir newsletter and explore the interesting lives of a diverse group of people.
This month's newsletter includes:
Check out our lists of winners of the Costa Biography Award.
AUSTIN, Texas — The Latest on the bombings in Austin, Texas (all times local):
1 p.m.
The PGA Tour, which is staging the Dell Match Play Championship in west Austin this week, says its security advisers are collaborating closely with law enforcement to try to ensure the safety of players and fans.
The PGA said Monday that it doesn't comment on the specifics of its security measures, but that the safety of players and fans is its top priority.
Austin has been the site of four bombings this month, including one Sunday night that was triggered by a tripwire and seriously injured two men. The first three attacks used package bombs left on people's doorsteps. They killed two people and injured two others.
Authorities believe the attacks are the work of a serial bomber.
——
12:40 p.m.
Those who live in the Austin neighbourhood where the latest in a string of bombings injured two men are expressing a mix of fear and other emotions, including surprise and confusion.
Laura McGinnis, who lives in the Travis Country neighbourhood in southwestern Austin, said Monday that Sunday night's attack is frightening but that it hasn't personally affected her yet. However, she says the bombing and three others elsewhere in the city this month make her wonder why the bomber hasn't been caught.
Adam McGinnis, who also lives in the neighbourhood, says he was reading on his back porch Sunday night when he heard what sounded like a large gun blast. He says he figured it must have been a transformer that blew and didn't realize it was a bombing until his wife told him Monday morning.
Authorities say they believe all four blasts are the work of a serial bomber. The attacks have killed two people and injured four others.
——
12:10 p.m.
An FBI investigator says he hopes the latest bombing in Texas' capital city isn't the bomber's way of reaching out to law enforcement.
Authorities have been calling on the person or people behind this month's string of bombings in Austin to let them know the reasons for the attacks.
Christopher Combs, the special agent in charge of the FBI's San Antonio division, told The Associated Press on Monday that investigators are looking for a dialogue with the bomber. He notes that the stakes “went up a lot” on Sunday with the bomber's use of a tripwire. Two men were seriously injured.
Combs, who is investigating the Austin attacks, says, “The bomber has obviously shown us that he has the ability to make more complex devices, to hurt more people, to be more random. And that's not good. That why we need to talk to the bomber about what is going on.”
——
11:45 a.m.
Authorities say the latest bomb to go off in the Texas capital of Austin was anchored to a metal yard sign near a hiking trail and equipped with a fishing line-thin tripwire.
Frederick Milanowski, the special agent in charge for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, said at a news conference Monday that the wire or filament that detonated the bomb Sunday night would have been very difficult to see.
Two men received significant injuries in the blast. Authorities say that although it is different from the three package bombings that killed two people and injured two others elsewhere in the city this month, they believe they are all the work of a serial bomber or bombers.
Milanowski says investigators have received more than 500 leads since the first bombing on March 2 and they are looking at several persons of interest.
——
11:20 a.m.
Austin's police chief says officers have completed a sweep of the neighbourhood where the latest in a string of bombings occurred and deemed it safe, but he asked those who live there to remain indoors until 2 p.m.
Police Chief Brian Manley said at a news conference Monday that although officers didn't find anything suspicious while canvassing the southwestern Austin residential neighbourhood of Travis Country, investigators are still collecting evidence.
Authorities say that although Sunday night's bombing differed from three earlier this month, they believe they were the work of a serial bomber or bombers. Two men received significant injuries in Sunday's attack. It apparently involved a bomb placed alongside a fence and a tripwire that the men triggered while walking their bikes between the fence and a street.
The first three attacks used package bombs left on people's doorsteps. Those attacks killed two people and injured two others.
——
11 a.m.
Authorities are urging the public to provide surveillance video that could assist in the investigation into the string of bombings in the Texas capital of Austin.
During a news conference Monday, police Chief Brian Manley asked homeowners and others to forward video to investigators that might offer insight into the bombing Sunday night or three earlier this month.
The latest explosion injured two men in their 20s who were riding or walking their bicycles through a neighbourhood in southwestern Austin. The earlier blasts killed two people and injured two others and happened in other parts of the city.
Authorities say the device that detonated Sunday featured a tripwire and was left near a road, while the prior bombings involved packages left on people's doorsteps.
——
10:50 a.m.
Austin's police chief says the four bombings that have killed two people and injured four others in Texas' capital city this month is believed to be the work of a serial bomber.
Police Chief Brian Manley said at a news conference Monday that Sunday night's explosion that injured two men marks a “significant change” from the first three because it was triggered by a tripwire that would have hit any random person walking by it. The first three attacks were carried out with package bombs left on people's doorsteps.
Manley says as investigators search for a pattern in the attacks, they will try to determine if there is a specific ideology motivating them.
The attack Sunday happened in a southwestern Austin residential neighbourhood that isn't close to the sites of the first three attacks.
——
10:25 a.m.
Authorities have called on the person or people behind the bombings in Austin, Texas, to reach out to the police to let them know why they're setting off the explosives.
Police Chief Brian Manley said Monday that it's too soon to say whether Sunday night's bombing that injured two men could have been a response to his call for those behind the bombings to reach out.
Manley says investigators see “similarities” between Sunday night's bomb and three others this month that killed two people and injured two others. But he says Sunday's differed in that it involved a tripwire whereas the others were package bombs left on people's doorsteps.
Frederick Milanowski, the special agent in charge for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, says the latest bomb is “more sophisticated” because it used a tripwire.
——
10:15 a.m.
Authorities say investigators see “similarities” between the latest bomb to detonate in Texas' capital city and three bombs that went off earlier this month.
Police Chief Brian Manley said at a news conference Monday that although the bomb that injured two men Sunday night seems linked to the three previous ones, the latest bomb involved a tripwire and those three were package bombs left on people's doorsteps.
Frederick Milanowski, the special agent in charge for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, says the latest bomb is “more sophisticated” because it used a tripwire.
Manley says the two victims are men ages 22 and 23 and that they are hospitalized in stable condition with significant injuries.
Both men are white, as opposed to the victims of the three prior bombings, who were black or Hispanic. Those attacks killed two people and injured two others.
——
9 a.m.
Austin's mayor says growing anxieties are “legitimate and real” following the fourth bombing in the city this month.
Mayor Steve Adler told The Associated Press on Monday that residents shouldn't think twice about calling 911 if they see anything suspicious. A blast occurred Sunday night in a neighbourhood far from the sites of the three package bombings in Austin this month.
Police haven't confirmed the latest explosion, which injured two men who were riding or pushing bikes, is related to the first three, but they're looking into the possibility.
Authorities say Sunday's explosion was detonated by a tripwire and showed a different level of skill from previous blasts. Adler says the concern now is that “the methodology has changed.”
——
8:30 a.m.
Austin's police chief says the two men injured in the most recent bombing in Austin were riding or pushing bicycles when the explosives detonated.
Police Chief Brian Manley told ABC's “Good Morning America” on Monday that Sunday night's explosion was detonated by a tripwire and showed “a different level of skill.” The attack differed from three earlier blasts in Austin this month, which were caused by package bombs left on people's doorsteps.
The men injured in Sunday's blast were white, unlike the victims of the first three bombings, who were black or Hispanic.
Authorities have cordoned off the neighbourhood where the bomb went off Sunday night and have warned residents to remain indoors while officers check for anything suspicious.
——
8:20 a.m.
The University of Texas' campus police force is warning students returning from spring break to be aware of the four recent bombings to hit Austin, saying, “We must look out for one another.”
In a tweet Monday, UT Austin police said, “When you get on campus this morning ASK your friends if they've heard about the bombings. TELL them about the incidents.”
It also urged students to report suspicious items to the authorities. Classes were resuming Monday after a week off.
A blast triggered by a tripwire in a residential neighbourhood Sunday night injured two men. Three previous package bombs detonated in different parts of the city since March 2, killing two people and injured two more.
None of those incidents were close to the university's sprawling campus near the heart of Austin.
——
8 a.m.
Austin's police chief says the latest bombing to hit the city was detonated by a tripwire, “showing a different level of skill.”
Police Chief Brian Manley told ABC's “Good Morning America” on Monday that both of the men injured in Sunday night's blast are white, unlike the victims in the city's three previous bombings this month, who were black or Hispanic.
Sunday night's explosion happened in the southwestern Austin residential neighbourhood of Travis Country. The three previous bombings happened two-plus weeks in residential neighbourhoods east of Interstate 35, which divides the city.
Authorities have warned Travis Country residents to remain indoors until 10 a.m. as police scour the area for anything suspicious.
——
7:25 a.m.
Police have warned residents near the site of the latest explosion in Austin to remain indoors and to call 911 if they need to leave home before 10 a.m.
Authorities say Sunday night's explosion in the Travis Country neighbourhood in southwestern Austin injured two men and may have been triggered by a tripwire. The police chief repeated his warning to residents not to touch or approach suspicious packages.
Investigators are trying to determine whether the blast is related to three package bombings this month in other parts of the city that killed two people and injured two others.
Austin's school district announced that buses wouldn't be going into the Travis Country neighbourhood.
Authorities had already offered $115,000 in rewards for information leading to an arrest in the first three bombings.
Darjeeling: A major private education group from Calcutta has decided to set up a number of educational institutions in Darjeeling – the first major investment in the sector in recent times and that comes after the business summit.
Binay Tamang, the chairman of the board of administrators of the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration, said: “I recently met Satyam Roy Choudhury, managing director, Techno India Group in Calcutta. The group has 80 colleges and five varsities.”
According to Tamang, the group now wants to set up a nursing college, hotel management college, IT college and multi disciplinary college in the hills.
“Techno India Group is now ready to set up a nursing college in Darjeeling, hotel management institute at Sailabas (Darjeeling), IT college in Takdah and multi disciplinary college in Mungpoo,” said Tamang.
Sources said the group was planning to set up a nursing college in Singamari, where a structure of Darjeeling municipality currently stands. “Renovation at Sailabas is currently going on, and structures are also coming up at Takdah and Mungpoo,” said a source.
The GTA had pulled down Sailabash, the over-a-century old summer retreat of the Rajah of Digapatia, to come with a modern building. Digapatia is now in Rajshahi, Bangladesh.
Observers said the hills had not such keen interest from investors in the education sector in recent times.
“The investors are finally showing some confidence to come up to Darjeeling. This is the fallout of the recent Hill Business Summit,” said a GTA official.
After the two-day hill business meet that was held in Darjeeling on March 13 and 14, the state government had announced a Rs 100 crore package for the hills for promotion of industries.
At the end of the meeting, chief minister Mamata Banerjee had announced that industrialists had firmed up a Rs 1,500 crore investment for the hills. “I am happy that my industrialist friends discussed and agreed to invest around Rs 1500. This is a beginning and we now have an opportunity,” Mamata had said.
During the meeting, another industrialist Harsh Neotia, who is coming up with two hospitality units pegged at Rs 150 crore each at Makaibari tea garden and Ghoom had also expressed his interest in exploring in education sector of the hills during the Darjeeling business meet.
[Via: The Telegraph]
475 total views, 95 views today
Comments
comments
Brazil defender Thiago Silva thinks the special attention Neymar is getting from defenders at the World Cup is "normal" because his skills make him difficult to stop.
Neymar, who only returned from a fractured metatarsal last month, looked close to his best on Monday when Brazil beat Mexico 2-0 to reach the quarter-finals in Russia.
Paris Saint-Germain star Neymar was often at the centre of things, as he scored and played a key role in Roberto Firmino getting the second.
But he also received criticism for what Mexico coach Juan Carlos Osorio described as "acting" when Miguel Layun appeared to step on his ankle.
However, Silva does not believe rough treatment is anything new for Neymar.
"This is normal because [Neymar] has many qualities," Silva told reporters. "The players who defend against him make fouls because it's always hard to defend Neymar and take the ball without fouling him. But it was a tough game."
In the last eight Brazil will face Belgium, who came from two goals down to sensationally beat Japan 3-2 with a dramatic stoppage-time winner from Nacer Chadli.
Silva recognises the talent at Roberto Martinez's disposal, but is adamant Brazil are the favourites regardless of the opposition.
"Belgium are very strong physically and technically," the centre-back said. "Belgium deserves to play in the last 16.
"I think that in all competitions Brazil is the favourite, but we know that's not enough. We have to work hard and give our best in every game if we want to win the title.
"We will continue to work and rest well because Friday's game will be even more difficult."
I think I've always cast myself as one of the bears, not Goldilocks.
To be honest, the whole reference falls down once you apply it to the business of cameras. Our little G-Thief was happy working in threes – too hot, too cold, just right – but any camera geek will tell you that (a) there's no such thing as a camera that's ‘just right' and (b) you certainly aren't going to get anywhere close to it with just three choices.
And then they'll tell you, at great length, all about their set-up.
Ah, you've met a photographer. Fair enough, though: it's a game of nuance and tweakery. The M6's story is one of fairly broad strokes, though – Canon came late to the compact mirrorless party and is still, comparatively speaking, hanging around in the kitchen looking for the right size glass.
Last year's EOS M5 pleased a lot of people with its built-in electronic viewfinder, extra controls and chunky grip. It was like a scaled down version of the EOS 80D SLR, with which it shares most of the innards.
In the Christian faith, conscience is foundational because it helps us to live a moral life.
To put it simply, our conscience helps us to do good and to avoid evil. When we consider what we have been hearing lately in the news, we could certainly use more good and less evil.
Sometimes when we think of conscience, the image of the good angel and the bad angel sitting on our left and right shoulders comes to mind.
One is encouraging us to do good and the other encouraging us to do the opposite. We wait to see which angel will be more convincing and then we act. As we know, things are really not that simple.
In the Old Testament there are many references to the human heart. This is a sacred place where God speaks to us and we speak to God.
It is where, in the light of God's grace, correction, discernment and decisions take place. Here the dialogue is not between two angels on our shoulders; the conversation is with God. In the divine presence we are able to look at our lives and our actions and make the necessary changes. In order to do this we need to be able “to see.”
In the New Testament Jesus states that, “The eye is the lamp of the body. So, if your eye is healthy, your whole body will be full of light; but if your eye is unhealthy, your whole body will be full of darkness. If then the light in you is darkness, how great is the darkness” (Mt.6:22-23)!
The Lord makes reference to the eye that helps us to see because it allows in the light rather than the darkness.
That is the function of our conscience. In the depths of our heart it acts as a lamp that helps us to see, judge and act with integrity. It helps us to behave in an ethical manner and that is the foundation of morality.
This is not a term that we hear a great deal about today; however, it seems that what we need today is greater moral integrity. This is especially true in the area of human sexuality. The “Me Too” movement is an example of what happens when a person acts abusively and sexually abuses or harasses another. We have all heard about the pain and suffering it causes.
If we are going to allow our conscience to be a lamp to guide us throughout life, then we also must make sure that it is healthy because, as Jesus states, an unhealthy eye “fills the body with darkness.” We need to form our conscience so that it can judge and act properly.
From a Christian perspective this can be done by staying close to God, praying, seeking the truth, and regularly examining life. We must also be willing to seek forgiveness when we fail.
All of this will help to “enlighten” our conscience and this will give us greater confidence to live a moral life.
A well-formed conscience is a gift because it will help us to act morally and justly in this life. This is why it deserves great respect. We should never try to force or coerce people to compromise their beliefs. Unfortunately this can happen at times especially when we consider some of the more controversial moral questions of our day. A healthy society respects diversity and healthy debate and never resorts to coercion of the heart.
We all have a conscience and we have a responsibility to form it, to follow it, and above all, to respect it.
Most Reverend Gerard Bergie is Bishop of Saint Catharines
The debate about NDP leader Jagmeet Singh's views on Talwinder Singh Parmar, the mastermind of the 1985 Air India bombing, as well as Singh's appearance at Sikh independence events where extremist views were on display, continues to unfold. Yet to a whole generation the Air India bombing, and the deadly events that preceded it, happened too long ago to be even a distant memory.
Here then, in reverse chronological order, are excerpts from the Maclean's archives on the terror attack that claimed the lives of more than 300 people, the assassination of Indian prime minister Indira Gandhi by her Sikh bodyguards and the bloodbath that followed, as well as the Indian military's storming of the Golden Temple in 1984 which left 500 dead.
Click on the links for the full articles.
May 28, 2007: Air India: After 22 years, now's the time for truth
The Air India bombings, which claimed 331 lives, most of them Canadian, almost 22 years ago, has belatedly been called Canada's 9/11. In truth, it was never close to that. The date, June 23, 1985, is not seared into the nation's soul. The events of that day snuffed out hundreds of innocent lives and altered the destinies of thousands more, but it neither shook the foundations of government, nor transformed its policies. It was not, in the main, even officially acknowledged as an act of terrorism. The political word “tragedy” seemed safer, somehow. It did not carry the same imperative for a rigorous public examination of the cascade of intelligence failures that allowed two planes to depart Vancouver International Airport with bombs planted in their cargo holds.
It is only now, in an Ottawa hearing room, that retired Supreme Court justice John Major has a mandate to probe the past—after key players have died and memories have been dimmed by time. For all that, the revelations that have rocked the hearing in recent weeks prove the merits of revisiting the disaster. As well, documents made public by the inquiry, and combed through by Maclean's, point to a tragic series of miscues, and disastrous false assumptions. They convey a cumulative, powerful impression that the worst terrorist attack in Canadian history might have been averted if clear warnings, repeated over several months, had been heeded.
July 8, 1985: The last hours of Air India Flight 182
During a scheduled stopover at Mirabel International Airport, 45 km northwest of Montreal, three suitcases were held after examination by electronic sensors in the airport's cargo marshalling area. A private security guard took the baggage to a decompression chamber, where it was checked the next day and declared harmless by a Quebec provincial police bomb disposal unit. But because there had been no specific security concerns about the flight, Air India officials were not required to notify Transport Canada of the incident. According to Mazankowski, if his department had been informed that suspicious bags were seized, the flight would have been held until all of the luggage had been searched.
Instead, the gleaming white Boeing 747 with red markings—the slogan “A place in the sky” near its tail—was allowed to leave Mirabel on the second leg of its 15,500-km, 15 1/2-hour journey to Bombay. Inside the cabin the decor would have reminded many passengers of their Indian homeland. Gold paisley curtains separated various sections of the plane and on the walls were paintings of Indian village life. After the airliner reached its cruising altitude of 31,000 feet, flight attendants in multicolored silk saris offered economy-class passengers a choice of meals: chicken curry, lamb in cream sauce or, for vegetarians, rice pilaf with spiced vegetables. First-class travellers chose from a menu of lobster in cheese sauce, breaded lamb cutlet with mint jelly or quails in sauce with poori—fried Indian bread. Passengers were also offered a choice of three movies: Far Pavilions, Phar Lap or Rajnigandaha, a popular Indian romantic film. Then, about an hour before the plane was due to land in London for refuelling, pilot H.S. Narendra, 56, with 35 years of flying experience, radioed the air-traffic control centre at Shannon. The jet was cruising normally, he reported. Behind him, most of the passengers would probably have been dozing and the crew was scheduled to start preparing breakfast.
Then, at 8:13 a.m. local time (3:13 a.m. EDT) Flight 182 disappeared from the radar screens at Shannon. Just before that happened, said Canadian investigator Art LaFlamme, there was a second radio communication with Shannon exactly eight minutes after the previous one. On it, he said, could be heard the sounds of “rattling, banging and shrieks or howls.” Added one of the controllers later: “There was a frightening feeling. We have never had anything like this before.”
July 8, 1985: The agony of those who waited
At that same service, while a Hindu priest chanted Sanskrit prayers seeking peace for the 50 dead—half of them children—from his 800-family congregation, 45-year-old Scarborough, Ont., accountant Lakshminarayana Turlapati wept for his two sons, Deepak, 11, and Sanjay, 14, who had planned to spend a month with grandparents in New Delhi. Both carried photographs of life in Canada and academic and athletic awards they had won since leaving India three years ago. Sanjay, said his mother, Padmini, who practises paediatrics in Newfoundland and came to Toronto's Lester B. Pearson International Airport to see her sons off, also took along a prize-winning poem he had written. Its title: Death Be Not Proud. Among other parents who awoke that Sunday morning to find themselves without families was Firestone Tire employee Parshotam Dhunna, who had sent his two-year-old son, Suneal, back to his Punjab home for a ritual Hindu haircutting ceremony. Another son, Rajesh, 15, daughter Shashi, 16, Rani, Dhunna's wife of 18 years, and his 62year-old mother-in-law, Nasib Manjamia, also perished. “All of them,” concluded Dhunna, behind the drawn curtains of a Hamilton, Ont., home full of barefoot mourners. “My wife, my little baby, my son, my daughter. Everything is black. Who should I blame?”
July 8, 1985: A Canadian minority in turmoil
Some 200,000 Canadians trace their roots to the Indian subcontinent. For many of them, the troubles they hoped to leave behind continue to haunt their new lives in Canada. Others, however, have found Canada a fruitful staging ground for political protest and activism. For decades Canada's Indian immigrants enjoyed the benefits of a society that valued their skills, rewarded their industry—and respected their varied cultural backgrounds. Often highly educated and ambitious for themselves and their children, they settled in cities and towns across the country, moving quickly into professional and white-collar jobs. Montreal's Concordia University alone lost two professors and three students on Flight 182.
Between 1971 and 1981 the nation's Indo-Pakistani population skyrocketed to 121,445 from 52,100. The newcomers retained their traditional ties to India—and many of them nurtured passionate political feelings as well. For many Sikh immigrants those feelings were rooted in the long-standing grievances of India's Sikh population against the Indian government.
. . .
For Sikhs the world over, the assault on the Golden Temple was an act of sacrilege. The raid stunned Canadian Sikhs and sparked demonstrations across the country. But Gandhi's assassination at the hands of her two Sikh bodyguards five months later shattered the mood of solidarity. Most Sikhs condemned the act as the work of fanatics; still, the bloody anti-Sikh riots that broke out across India after the assassination refuelled the anger of many. Despite recent efforts by Rajiv Gandhi, who succeeded his mother as prime minister, to begin a political dialogue with moderate Sikhs, a wave of terrorist bombings has claimed nearly 100 lives.
Nov. 12, 1984: India after Indira Gandhi
Gandhi herself had seemed to prophesize her death only hours before the assassins' bullets cut her down. At a campaign rally the previous night in Orissa state, the prime minister had confided to supporters: “I don't mind if my life goes in the service of the nation. If I die today, every drop of my blood will invigorate the nation.”
The next morning Gandhi awoke to the sound of chirping parakeets in the leafy compound surrounding her official residence in one of New Delhi's most elegant areas. In the lush gardens a short distance from the house, actor Peter Ustinov, a cameraman and a producer arrived at 8:30 and began setting up their equipment to interview the prime minister for an Irish television program sponsored by UNICEF. Said Ustinov: “The tea had already been set up, the mike was in place, and we were all ready. We told the press secretary, and he went to fetch her.” Then, dressed in an orange-colored cotton sari, a smiling Gandhi left her house and began strolling toward the television crew.
. . .
Even the tide of sorrow that swept the subcontinent in the wake of Gandhi's cremation could not extinguish the flames of sectarian hatred that followed her death. Across the country there was an orgy of arson, looting and lynchings. By week's end, the death toll had reached 1,000 as furious Hindus took revenge on members of India's minority Sikh sect, whom they blamed for the murder of India's third prime minister. Gandhi, who dominated Indian politics for 15 of the past 18 years, fell victim to the very men who had been entrusted with her personal safety. Militant Sikhs claimed that the killing was in retaliation for an assault by government troops last June on extremists occupying Sikhdom's holiest shrine, the Golden Temple, in the Punjabi city of Amritsar.
Nov. 12, 1984: The world's divided Sikhs
In one English village they lit fireworks and handed out toffee candy. Outside the Indian consulate in New York they danced and drank champagne. But while militant Sikhs around the world rejoiced last week at the assassination of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, more moderate Sikh communities voiced regret over her death and abhorrence at the violence that followed it. Indeed, as India plunged into mourning, Sikhs reacted to her slaying with characteristic ambivalence. In New Delhi the five high priests of Sikhism condemned Gandhi's shooting by two Sikh bodyguards. And in Vancouver, Jaswan Mangat, head of the International Punjabi Forum, declared, “It's a matter of shame for all of us to find solutions to our economic and political problems through violence.”
June 18, 1984: The Golden Temple falls
As 450 Sikh militants in the Punjab region of northwest India last week barricaded themselves in the Golden Temple, the religious centre in the holy city of Amritsar, crack government troops ringed the 72-acre complex, demanding that the rebels surrender. But the extremists—led by the fanatical fundamentalist Sant (holy man) Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale—refused, exchanging gunfire with the troops. As a result, the troops stormed the temple complex in a hail of mortar, missile and machine-gun fire. When the rebels waved improvised white flags in surrender five hours later, as many as 500 people had died in hand-to-hand combat, among them Bhindranwale.
. . .
Last week some observers in New Delhi predicted that what Sikh extremists were already describing as the 38-year old Bhindranwale's “martyrdom” might advance the militants' cause. Certainly, he had presented his coreligionists with a compelling image as a zealot and he was frequently compared to Iran's Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini. Inside the Golden Temple he challenged Gandhi to order an attack on the shrine, calculating that the prime minister would hesitate to do so because 17 per cent of the Indian army's forces are Sikhs. But he also promised a bloodbath if she did. Only days before his death he said, “We may be killed, but a Sikh never weeps.” Observers now suggest that unless Gandhi quickly reopens talks with moderate Sikhs, the battle of the Golden Temple will likely prove to be only one episode in a long war of Sikh independence.
Nov. 15, 1982: The quest for a Sikh state
Sikhs, identifiable by their turbans and kirpans (swords), are a 500-yearold splinter group of the Hindus, born out of the need for an aggressive fraternal army to battle northern conquerors. Although the two sects have rarely come to blows, they differ radically in ethics and ideology. Because the country and the state of Punjab are governed by Hindus, some Sikhs feel misrepresented and claim to suffer from Hindu “imperialism.” Although Sikhs make up only two per cent of the population in India, they predominate in the Punjab. A group of moderate Sikhs, the Akali Dal, have been holding painstaking negotiations with Prime Minister Indira Gandhi since 1974 on a set of 45 secular and religious reforms that would essentially turn the Punjab into a Sikh state. They want more industry, more tax concessions and the right to sell grain at world prices (the central government now keeps prices artificially low). They also want Amritsar to be declared a holy city and the name of the trans-Punjabi train to be changed from the Daily Mail to the Golden Temple.
The Akali Dal has pressed for greater political independence within India, but the radical Dal Khalsa favors complete separation. It seeks to turn the Punjab into a fundamentalist religious country for all Sikhs, to be called Khalistan. Says Gajender Singh, a leader of the radicals, who are mostly young men from rural communities with little formal education: “Like the PLO, we are seeking international recognition and we are prepared to use terror, the political language of the 20th century.”
After and outstanding year in which the Buffs captured the bi-district championship, nine of the Buff's players were selected for all-district honors.
MVP Pitcher
Bryce Hergert SR
1St Team Infielders
Kobe Richardson Jr
Bryeson Pineda Sr
1St Team Outfielders
Kolby Watson Sr
Jordan Enriquez Jr
1St Team Utility
Garrett Evans Sr
2Nd Team Pitchers
Ehren Hilger Sr
2Nd Team Infield
Dylon Kligora Jr
Nathan Vidal Sr
Over the past few years Game of Thrones has gone from cult-hit to one of the biggest shows on television, watched by millions across the globe.
Based on the books of George RR Martin, HBO's smash-hit fantasy TV series tells the story of warring factions in Westeros fighting for control of the coveted Iron Throne in King's Landing. But all the while "winter is coming" and north of the wall a ferocious frozen army is about to attack everything that the people of Westeros hold true. Who will win this epic battle and what will be left remains to be seen.
Starring a huge ensemble cast including Emilia Clarke, Kit Harrington, Peter Dinklage, Sophie Turner, Iain Glen, Natalie Dormer, Alfie Allen, Maisie Williams and Jerome Flynn to name but a few, the series explores politics, power and family feuds in one of the most expensive and beautifully shot series ever to arrive on TV screens.
In the UK Game of Thrones is broadcast on Sky Atlantic, and is available to download via the Sky Go service for Sky subscribers. It is also available to stream on NOW TV.
Game of Thrones is not currently available on Netflix in the UK.
Arsenal could rekindle their interest in Bordeaux winger Malcom in the summer transfer window, according to the Evening Standard.
At one stage, the Gunners appeared close to signing the Brazilian youngster in the January transfer window and had held talks with the player's representatives.
But the deal fell by the wayside, with Bordeaux reluctant to sell one of their star players mid-season and Arsenal signing Henrikh Mkhitaryan as part of the deal that took Alexis Sanchez to Manchester United.
Nonetheless, manager Arsene Wenger was full of praise for the 20-year-old, so a renewed effort to sign him in the next transfer window could be on the cards.
The former Brazil Under-20 and Under-23 international started his career at Corinthians. He moved to Bordeaux for an undisclosed fee in January 2016. He has clocked up 80 appearances and scored 18 goals for the French side over the past two years.
He was also linked with Arsenal's north London rivals Tottenham Hotspur during the recent transfer window.
Nigeria lost $1 trillion to tax evasion by multinationals in 2016 – Osinbajo
The government is ratifying treaties that will help end profit shifting and tax evasion by multinationals.
The post Nigeria lost $1 trillion to tax evasion by multinationals in 2016 – Osinbajo appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Sayer Energy Advisors has been engaged to assist Hitic Energy Ltd. (“Hitic” or the “Company”) with the sale, farmout or other form of disposition of its Sturgeon Lake, Alberta Duvernay property (the “Property”).
In the Sturgeon Lake area, Hitic has a 100% working interest in 122.5 sections of land where it holds Duvernay rights, with another 12 sections of land where the Company holds shallower rights only.
The Company's land is situated in the thickest and most thermally mature part of the Sturgeon Lake Duvernay prospect. The Company is in the process of licensing its first well, from a pad that has been built to accommodate the drilling of up to six wells.
The geology of the Sturgeon Lake Duvernay sub-basin is similar to the geology in other proven basins where the Duvernay produces oil. Hitic estimates that the OOIP underlying its land is approximately two billion barrels (122.5 sections with 17 million barrels per section). Type curve analysis suggests recovery of 441,000 barrels of oil equivalent per well (88% light oil) from a 2,500 metre horizontal well completed with a 4,250 tonne frack. Hitic estimates the finding and development cost to be $17/boe.
To book an appointment to visit the
Data Room or for more information
please contact:
Tom Pavic, Ryan Ferguson Young, Ben Rye,
Mark Zalucky, Grazina Palmer
or Alan Tambosso at 403.266.6133.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Newcastle United's new signing Islam Slimani could overcome injury to face Crystal Palace on Sunday.
The Leicester City loanee's move was briefly held up following his medical due to a thigh injury he suffered earlier in the week.
While this was eventually deemed not to be a problem in finalising the deal it was widely expected that the Algerian would miss the Crystal Palace match and the meeting with Manchester United the following week.
Craig Hope of the Daily Mail believes the prognosis is slightly more promising however.
He tweeted: "I'm told the thigh injury picked up by Islam Slimani this week is not as serious as first reported & there is outside chance he could make NUFC bench at Crystal Palace this weekend, although home match v Man Utd a week Sunday more likely."
Slimani has eight goals from 15 starts and 20 sub ­appearances for the Foxes.
There is likely to be a more concrete fitness update in Rafael Benitez's press conference this afternoon.
The real story behind the nine-year-old's disappearance – and how her mother Karen was connected to the crime all along
Sheridan Smith stars in a BBC drama about the disappearance of a young girl from The Moorside Estate in West Yorkshire, but just how accurate is the story this two-episode tale tells?
Advertisement
Who is Shannon Matthews and when did she go missing?
Shannon Matthews is a young English girl who became the focus of one of the biggest search efforts since the hunt for the Yorkshire Ripper.
In 2008, when she was just 9 years old, Shannon was reported missing by her mother, Karen, after she failed to return home from school on February 19th.
The last confirmed sighting of her was outside Westmoor Junior School, in Dewsbury, at 15:10 GMT.
Her disappearance gripped the nation and rewards of up to £50,000 were offered for her safe return as Karen pleaded for her to come home.
Who is Karen Matthews?
Shannon's mother was the one who made the 999 call and reported her missing.
She became the face of the campaign to bring her daughter home, making numerous pleas for her safe return.
Who is Julie Bushby?
Julie Bushby (played by Sheridan Smith) was a neighbour of the Matthews family who rallied the community together to search for the missing Shannon.
She was chair of the Moorside estate's tenants' association at the time.
Where is The Moorside?
The Moorside Estate is in Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, located west of Wakefield, east of Huddersfield and south of Leeds.
How long was Shannon Matthews missing for and where was she found?
Shannon was missing for three weeks before she was found on March 14 2009.
She was discovered hidden inside the base of a divan bed at a house in Batley Carr, just about a mile from her family home.
Advertisement
The house she was found in belonged to her stepfather's uncle, Michael Donovan, and police soon established a link between Karen and the man who'd been holding her daughter.
(Adrian Wyld/The Canadian Press via AP). Washington Capitals left wing Alex Ovechkin (8) celebrates his third goal of the game as Ottawa Senators center Jean-Gabriel Pageau (44) skates behind during the third period of an NHL hockey game in Ottawa, On...
(AP Photo/Tony Avelar). Philadelphia Flyers right wing Wayne Simmonds (17) celebrates after scoring a goal past San Jose Sharks goalie Martin Jones (31) during the third period of an NHL hockey game, Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017, in San Jose, Calif. Philade...
(AP Photo/Tony Avelar). Philadelphia Flyers' Wayne Simmonds (17) celebrates with teammate Andrew MacDonald (47) after scoring an empty-net goal against the San Jose Sharks during the third period of an NHL hockey game, Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017, in San J...
(Jason Franson/The Canadian Press via AP). Edmonton Oilers' Connor McDavid, obscured, celebrates his hat trick with teammates, during the third period of an NHL hockey game against the Calgary Flames on Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017, in Edmonton, Alberta.
(Jason Franson/The Canadian Press via AP). Edmonton Oilers' Oscar Klefbom (77) and Connor McDavid (97) wait for hats to be picked up after Connor McDavid scored a hat trick against the Calgary Flames, during the third period of an NHL hockey game Wedne...
By STEPHEN WHYNOAP Hockey Writer
The hats were flying on the first two nights of the NHL season.
Connor McDavid, Alex Ovechkin, Wayne Simmonds and Brandon Saad each recorded a hat trick in his team's season opener. It's the first time four different players scored at least three goals in his season opener in 100 years, since the NHL's first two games back in 1917.
Ovechkin's hat trick that led the Washington Capitals to a 5-4 shootout victory at Ottawa was the 18th of his career, most among active players and tied for 20th-most all time. Reigning MVP McDavid picked up his second already at age 20.
The hat tricks by McDavid and Simmonds were the first, respectively, in franchise history for the Edmonton Oilers and Philadelphia Flyers in a season opener. Saad's hat trick in a 10-1 drubbing of the Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins was the first by a Chicago Blackhawks player in a season opener since Hockey Hall of Famer Bobby Hull in 1965.
The four players who scored three-plus goals in the league's first-ever games - Joe Malone and Harry Hyland of the Montreal Wanderers, Cy Denneny of the original Ottawa Senators and Reg Noble of the Toronto Arenas - were all alive more than 100 years before McDavid was born.
___
Follow Hockey Writer Stephen Whyno on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/SWhyno
___
For more AP NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Deutsche Bank eyes cuts to investment bank
Germany's biggest lender Deutsche Bank could slash parts of its troubled investment banking division this week, media reports suggested Tuesday, as new chief executive Christian Sewing looks to make his mark quickly.
Reforms to the unit could see “extensive” cuts to equities trading in the United States as part of a broader transformation, Bloomberg News reported, citing people familiar with the plans.
German business daily Handelsblatt reported the reforms could see parts of equities trading and services for hedge fund investors trimmed back.
Deutsche Bank declined to comment on the reports when contacted by AFP.
Renewed speculation that Deutsche will announce changes at its investment banking division along with its first-quarter results on Thursday come weeks after crisis firefighter CEO John Cryan was ousted after less than three years in post.
Investors and the bank's supervisory board were unhappy with the British boss's failure to bring the bank back to profitability after years of hangover from its attempt to go toe-to-toe with global investment banking giants.
Deutsche booked a 751-million-euro ($916.5 million) loss last year and saw a 12-percent slump in revenues, its third set of red figures in a row.
The bank said the profits plunge was a one-off due mostly to US President Donald Trump's tax reform.
But Cryan's push to refocus the bank on its core German business of retail banking and lending to the economy was advancing too slowly to satisfy shareholders and interventionist supervisory board chair Paul Achleitner.
Sewing urged the bank's 95,000 employees to rediscover their “hunter mindset” to turn the lender around in a note soon after his nomination to the top job.
But he added that “we will look to free up capacity for growth by pulling back from those areas where we are not sufficiently profitable”.
Also on Tuesday, Deutsche announced that Frank Kuhnke — like Sewing a Deutsche Bank lifer — will become chief operating officer, overseeing its highly-complex and much-criticised IT infrastructure.
The size of the task for the infrastructure boss was made clear last week, when Deutsche mistakenly transferred 28 billion euros — more than its own market value — into an external account.
Shares in Deutsche Bank strongly outperformed the DAX index of blue-chip German shares, gaining 3.6 percent around 1600 (1400 GMT) in Frankfurt to trade at 12.11 euros.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Name: Miriam Stoppard
Age: 79
Famous, why? For giving out medical advice on the TV
Biography: Miriam rose to prominence during the 1970s as an expert on health, in particular with women and children.
Miriam says: “I'd been to India before and when I went along to my interview I thought the fact that I'd been before would preclude me from going on the trip and they said ‘no, see if you can see a new side of India', which we undoubtedly did.
“We actually got very close to India and we got involved in all kinds of things that the average tourist would not, so it was very enlightening. Actually I discovered an awful lot of things about myself. Lionel and I went on a visit to Jew Town which is a very ancient settlement of Jews and I kind of revisited the whole of my childhood and my heritage and I got a whole new perspective on things. I had an epiphany. But I can't go and live in India – I have 11 grandchildren!”
Here's Stoppard stepping in as an agony aunt with Phil and Holly last year:
The Real Marigold Hotel series two starts on Wednesday at 9pm on BBC1
CLEVELAND (AP) — Chicago Cubs third baseman Kris Bryant is out of the lineup against the Cleveland Indians two days after being hit on the head by a pitch.
Cubs manager Joe Maddon said before Tuesday night's game that the 2016 National League MVP has a cut above his left eye but no concussion after being hit Sunday by Colorado's German Marquez.
The pitch hit the underside of the flap on Bryant's helmet, and he was helped off the field. Bryant is batting .319 with two homers and 11 RBIs this season.
Shortstop Addison Russell was in the lineup after experiencing an allergic reaction to a postgame meal Sunday. He spent the night in Denver after being hospitalized briefly and rejoined the team Monday.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
LCCADV continues to serve domestic violence survivors
MICHELLE T. BERNARD
Staff Writer
While domestic violence is often thought to be just against women, it may be surprising to some to know that statistics show that one in four men have been victims of some form of physical violence by an intimate partner within their lifetime, according to the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence. For women, it's one in three. The statistics change considerably, however, to one in four women compared to one and seven men when the abuse is considered “severe.”
Perhaps even more unusual is that the current executive director of the Lincoln County Coalition Against Domestic Violence (LCCADV) is a man. This is a position that is predominately held by women across the country and, except for six months when Skip Steele served as interim executive director while Vicky Lingerfelt was out on medical leave, the position has never been held by a man in the history of LCCADV.
“After Vicky Lingerfelt left Amy's House, we had a male interim director for a few months with no issues,” LCCADV Board president Sue Gauthier said. “So when we hired Robert (Dalton), we really didn't think much about him being male. We were searching for someone with experience managing a nonprofit and Robert fit that mold. However, it soon proved to be a win-win as Robert also serves as a positive male role model not only for the female victims of domestic violence but for the children as well, many of whom have only been around men who are controlling and abusive.”
Robert Dalton has been the executive director of LCCADV for two and a half years now. His background is in nonprofit work but when approached about this position he was attracted to it because it was a chance to be involved in the community and to give back.
“I don't personally have any relationship to domestic violence but I've known domestic violence victims in other positions I've held so the chance to take on this kind of work seemed like a good fit for what I do and what they were looking for,” Dalton said. “A lot of the coalition's work with victims was already very good so they were looking for someone with that administrative background and that's what I do well. It was a meeting of my skills and my experience and the needs of the organization.”
Currently, Dalton is the only male working at LCCADV, so it was a change for the staff. Some clients are uncomfortable being anywhere near a man and Dalton has to step back, but he said that doesn't happen very often.
“I give them a wide berth, say hi and leave it at that but for some victims it's refreshing for them to be around a male that's not abusing or seeking anything from them,” Dalton said. “For the majority I'm part of the staff and they recognize that.”
When Dalton goes to conferences, he's only one of a handful of men that are attending as executive directors or other managerial staff. He said that being in the minority has helped him, especially when he first started the job, because people tended to remember him.
“When you come in that room and there are a handful of other men and you're talking all the way from the top level down to frontline service members, the men in the room recognize each other,” Dalton said. “Some agencies have male staff members that work with male victims but Lincoln County isn't really big enough for that specialization so I'll often handle that. It may be the inverse of other businesses where women are underrepresented.”
LCCADV does serve men as well as women and children but the percentage of men served is much smaller and usually the services given are not at the shelter, according to Dalton.
Dalton said that it's interesting being a man in the domestic violence world and even though statistically it doesn't hold that the violence is only against women, it's opened his eyes to the other larger issues surrounding domestic violence and how it's part of a bigger set of issues women face. He's also seen and been inspired by people doing amazing things after suffering extreme domestic violence.
“I've learned a ton about how deeply and how broadly domestic violence goes in our community,” he said. “I would have never guessed that one in three women or one in four men number. I also never would have guessed that some people go through abuse for decades before getting out but I now realize how traumatic and difficult it is for them to leave and start over.”
Since Dalton has taken over the helm of LCCADV he said they've made great strides to becoming cutting edge in their field. They've revamped all of their policies and procedures. Some of his future goals include getting out into the more rural areas of Lincoln County, because Amy's House is known as a Lincolnton shelter. He'd also like to increase the size of the shelter so more people can receive shelter services and increase their non-shelter programs.
“Stopping domestic violence is something our whole community has to do,” he said. “It's not just women banding together – domestic violence is not a women's issue, it's a community issue. I think me speaking out as a man against domestic violence possibly gets people to listen that might not otherwise do so. It's hard to see domestic violence as a women's issue when I'm the one standing up and saying ‘we've all got to work together on this.' So maybe it gives the message a little more oomph in certain segments of our community.”
Image courtesy of Michelle T. Bernard
The local Homeland Security Department (ASDHS) is conducting an investigation into the laser incident, which occurred the evening of Jan. 19 while a Hawaiian Airlines aircraft was heading for landing at Pago Pago International Airport.
Hawaiian spokesperson, Ann Botticelli told Samoa News early last week that the flight's pilot reported that a bright green laser was pointed at the aircraft about 9:38 local time from the village of Leone. (See Samoa News edition Jan. 26 for details.)
This incident, which has angered many in the community, was raised by Sen. Levu Solaita during a Senate Public Safety/Homeland Security Committee hearing on Wednesday. He wanted to know from local officials about this matter.
ASDHS director Samana Semo Ve'ave'a said his department had received a report from the captain of the Hawaiian flight and it was then presented to his “agents for an investigation.”
Samana said the laser was fired from Leone — around the area of the bridge in Leone. He said twice now his agents have been to the area, the bridge, during the night time when Hawaiian comes in for landing and ASDHS believes that the bridge was not where the laser was fired from.
He says the agents observed the flight path used by the plane heading to the airport and that there is no way that a laser could be fired from that direction of the bridge.
Samana says the agents are now looking at another area — around Malaeloa — as the possible site of the laser incident, adding that the Leone bridge area is too far out from the flight path of the plane.
He said ASDHS agents continue to investigate from where exactly the laser was fired.
Sen. Levu said this matter “is not a game” as it's very serious, adding that the culprit(s) should be found.
Responding to recent Samoa News inquiries, Hawaiian local station manager Tuli Fruean provided early this week new updates, saying that the laser incident had “no effect” on the cockpit crew or the flight, “other than it (laser) was focused directly at the flight deck and the aircraft,” which was carrying 230 passengers and 12 crew members.
Airport manager, Tavita Fuimaono told Samoa News early last week that an airport safety officer was notified of the laser incident around 10:27p.m. on Jan. 19 by Fruean and this was about 30 minutes after the plane's arrival.
Asked as to why it took 30 minutes before the Airport Division was notified of the incident, Fruean explained that upon plane's arrival, “it took us close to 17 minutes to deplane our guests” — or passengers — and this includes all wheelchair passengers as well.
As he proceeded to board the aircraft, he said he was approached by the flight's captain, who “advised me of the incident [and] our conversation took some time as I gathered more information as to the location and times.”
Fruean points out, “I contacted the Airport Safety Officer immediately after our conversation and passed this information along right away.”
FAA had already confirmed the laser incident and has referred the matter to local airport officials for a report.
OMNISPORT
Lazio failed to capitalise on Serie A's top four all dropping points as they were beaten 3-1 at home by Torino with Ciro Immobile's sending off just before the break a major turning point.
Simone Inzaghi's men went into the clash eight points off the top of the table with two games in hand and looked excellent at times in the first half, but a moment of madness from Immobile gave Torino the encouragement they needed.
Shortly after being denied a penalty despite his cross striking Iago Falque's hand, Immobile latched on to a pass and smashed his effort against the post, before appearing to headbutt Nicolas Burdisso to earn a red card once referee Piero Giacomelli had consulted video evidence.
Just one win in six games for Lazio after Ciro Immobile sees red in a 3-1 home loss to Torino. #UEL pic.twitter.com/d2QYHkaVkp — UEFA Europa League (@EuropaLeague) December 11, 2017
Alex Berenguer put the visitors ahead soon after the interval, cutting on to his right foot on the left side of the area and finding the bottom-far corner.
Tomas Rincon doubled the lead in the 64th minute, producing a sublime finish into the top-left corner after a fine solo run.
The hosts pulled one back shortly after thanks to a lovely run and finish from Luis Alberto, but it did not take Torino long to restore the two-goal lead, as Simone Edera curled in from 20 yards to wrap up an impressive triumph for Sinisa Mihajlovic's men - their first league win at Lazio since November 1993.
Petra Kvitova could yet make a surprise return to action at the French Open, just five months on from sustaining severe hand injuries in a knife attack.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Kvitova suffered significant injuries to her left hand, prompting surgery to repair tendon and nerve damage, following a shocking incident last December that saw an intruder break into her apartment.
The Czech was anticipated to be sidelined for at least six months, but she has not ruled out the possibility of being fit to play at Roland Garros when the year's second grand slam begins in late May.
In a post via her official Instagram account on Monday, Kvitova wrote: "Hello everyone! I wanted to provide a quick [and hopefully positive] update for you.
"My name will appear on the entry list for Roland Garros tomorrow [Tuesday] because, as the entry deadline approached, I had made good progress in my recovery process and I want to give myself every last opportunity to be able to compete at one of my favourite events.
"This unfortunately does not mean necessarily that I will be ready to play in Paris, but that I'm doing everything possible to give myself the chance and keep a positive mindset.
"There remains a long road ahead but I wanted to share this update with you.
"Thanks for your continued support and I hope to see you soon, Petra."
A spokesperson for Kvitova said last month there was not a "concrete date" in place for the 27-year-old's return.
Kvitova's best performance at the French Open saw her reach the semi-finals in 2012.
Are you getting married soon and looking for ideas to decorate your bedroom? Then you've come to the right place because, I got you 25 inspirational photos that will help newlyweds decorate their bedroom.
Since this is your first bedroom to share with your loved one, you need to look into details and pick everything together. Meeting halfway is the best way to come up with the perfect newlywed's bedroom. So brides and grooms, look into a lot of different bedroom styles before you start deciding which one you like the most. Whether it's contemporary, bohemian or even vintage, you'll find many styles that could appeal to you. So scroll down to see 25 photos to inspire your new bedroom in your new home!
The Clay County Sheriff's Office has confirmed the body found in an abandoned shed in Petrolia on Tuesday is that of 18-year old Brice Coates. He had been missing since last Tuesday.
The cause of death is still under investigation. There are no signs of foul play in his death.
Stay with Newschannel 6 as we continue to follow that investigation.
Comedy star Micky Flanagan is celebrating his recent record-breaking appearances at Sheffield Arena with a return this month - and you could see him for FREE.
We have five pairs of tickets to be won to see his A fing Tour which is back on Saturday, June 24.
It is hot on the heels of his two sell-out shows at Sheffield Arena last month which played to rave reviews and over 24,000 fans - breaking the venue's capacity record for a comedy show, now standing at 12,231.
Following a phenomenal demand for tickets Flanagan is back and the show is just over a week away.
This tour follows his record breaking Back In The Game tour of 2013 which took in an incredible 129 shows - making it the biggest comedy tour in the world that year - having sold an unbelievable 500,000 tickets in the UK and Ireland alone.
BUY TICKETS: Guarantee your seats for Micky Flanagan's A fing' Tour at Sheffield Arena on Saturday, June 24 - priced £33.60 and £39.20, including booking fee. Buy in person from the box office, call 0114 256 5656 or visit www.sheffieldarena.co.uk.
WIN A PAIR OF TICKETS
For a chance to win one of five pairs of tickets to see Micky Flanagan's A fing' Tour at Sheffield Arena on Saturday, June 24, enter our free prize draw by email or Twitter.
Email your name and details to graham.walker@jpress.co.uk with #JPcompMF in the subject field.
Or follow @GW1962 on Twitter and retweet any of his #JPcompMF tweets.
Micky Flanagan
Deadline is Tuesday, June 20, 2017, 5pm. Usual Johnston Press terms and conditions apply - see www.johnstonpress.co.uk/terms-conditions
LOS ANGELES — The animated family film “Coco” has topped the box office for a third time on a quiet, pre “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” weekend in theatres.
Disney estimated Sunday that “Coco” added $18.3 million, which would bring its domestic total to $135.5 million.
The weekend's sole new wide release was the Morgan Freeman film “Just Getting Started,” which launched to a meagre $3.2 million from 2,161 theatres and barely made the top 10.
Most studios have chosen to avoid competing against “The Last Jedi,” which is expected to dominate theatres and moviegoer attention when it opens on Dec. 15.
Thus, most of the charts have looked quite similar for the past few weeks. Warner Bros. and DC's “Justice League” took second place with $9.6 million and Lionsgate's sleeper hit “Wonder,” which has now passed $100 million, placed third with $8.5 million. Warner Bros. also crossed the $2 billion benchmark domestically Saturday — the first studio to do so in 2017.
This quiet period before “Star Wars” has allowed some of the indie and prestige titles to thrive in limited releases and expansions, like James Franco's “The Disaster Artist.” The film, about the making of one of the worst films of all time, “The Room,” expanded to 840 locations in its second weekend in theatres. It managed to bring in $6.4 million, landing it in fourth place.
Greta Gerwig's coming-of-age film “Lady Bird” also added 363 locations and placed 9th in its sixth weekend in theatres. With the $3.5 million from this weekend, “Lady Bird” has netted $22.3 million.
The Guillermo del Toro-directed romantic fantasy “The Shape of Water” expanded to 41 theatres in its second weekend and earned $1.1 million.
The Tonya Harding biopic “I, Tonya” launched in four locations in New York and Los Angeles and brought in a solid $245,602.
The Winston Churchill film “The Darkest Hour” and the summer romance film “Call Me By Your Name” also continue to thrive in more limited releases as well. “The Darkest Hour,” which stars Gary Oldman as Churchill, earned $777,000 from 53 locations, and “Call Me By Your Name,” with Armie Hammer and Timothee Chalamet, took in $291,101 from nine theatres.
“This is the best time to be a moviegoer if you're an indie fan,” said comScore senior media analyst Paul Dergarabedian. “The last few weeks have enabled films like ‘The Shape of Water,' ‘Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri' and now ‘I, Tonya' to really find an audience.”
He added: “It's great time for those films ahead of the box office death star that is ‘Star Wars.”‘
The year is still down 4 per cent from last year, though, which is a pit that even a juggernaut like “Star Wars” might struggle to fill. The cash influx from “The Last Jedi” will be significant, nonetheless, and if the precedent of “Rogue One” and “The Force Awakens” holds, it could range from $400 million to over $600 million of additional domestic revenue before the books close on 2017.
Estimated ticket sales for Friday through Sunday at U.S. and Canadian theatres, according to comScore. Where available, the latest international numbers for Friday through Sunday are also included. Final domestic figures will be released Monday.
1.”Coco,” $18.3 million ($55.3 million international).
2.”Justice League,” $9.6 million ($15.4 million international).
3.”Wonder,” $8.5 million ($11.4 million international).
4.”The Disaster Artist,” $6.4 million ($1 million).
5.”Thor: Ragnarok,” $6.3 million ($3.1 million international).
6.”Daddy's Home 2,” $6 million ($11.6 million international).
7.”Murder on the Orient Express,” $5.1 million ($20.1 million international).
8.”The Star,” $3.7 million.
9.”Lady Bird,” $3.5 million.
10.”Just Getting Started,” $3.2 million.
——
Estimated ticket sales for Friday through Sunday at international theatres (excluding the U.S. and Canada), according to comScore:
1. “Coco,” $55.3 million.
2. “Paddington 2,” $21.5 million.
3. “Murder on the Orient Express,” $20.1 million.
4. “Justice League,” $15.4 million.
5. “Daddy's Home 2,” $11.6 million.
6. “Wonder,” $11.4 million.
7. “A Bad Moms Christmas,” $6 million.
8. “The Big Call,” $5.1 million.
9. “Loving Vincent,” $4.5 million.
10. “47 Metres Down,” $3.8 million.
——
Universal and Focus are owned by NBC Universal, a unit of Comcast Corp.; Sony, Columbia, Sony Screen Gems and Sony Pictures Classics are units of Sony Corp.; Paramount is owned by Viacom Inc.; Disney, Pixar and Marvel are owned by The Walt Disney Co.; Miramax is owned by Filmyard Holdings LLC; 20th Century Fox and Fox Searchlight are owned by 21st Century Fox; Warner Bros. and New Line are units of Time Warner Inc.; MGM is owned by a group of former creditors including Highland Capital, Anchorage Advisors and Carl Icahn; Lionsgate is owned by Lions Gate Entertainment Corp.; IFC is owned by AMC Networks Inc.; Rogue is owned by Relativity Media LLC.
——
Follow AP Film Writer Lindsey Bahr on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/ldbahr
Meningitis: A killer disease Nigeria was not prepared for
At least 489 people are believed to have died from meningitis in the past few months.
The post Meningitis: A killer disease Nigeria was not prepared for appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brondby are clearly unhappy with Crystal Palace's transfer conduct in regards to goalkeeper Frederik Ronnow on Wednesday.
The shot-stopper looked ready for a move to the Premier League, but the deal collapsed at the last minute. It was believed that Brondby pulled out of the deal, and now their sporting director has revealed why.
Brondby's Troels Bech was quoted by Danish newspaper, BT Sporten, on Friday, explaining why Ronnow's dream was crushed so late on, having had the same thing done to him last August.
It seems Brondby liked Palace's offer, but there was no time for them to get a replacement.
“The offer came so late that it became unrealistic to get things together," said Bech.
"It was a serious challenge, and it also proved to be greater than could be accomplished to get a replacement in.
“If we had found the correct replacement, I'm sure there would have been a possibility that Frederik could have moved, but then it wouldn't have been a situation to stand significantly weakened ahead of spring matches.
“With respect for team-mates, those folks who follow the club and those who have delivered blood, sweat and tears for the past 12 years to get in the position we are in now, we have to show that we also take care of the good situation, and he (Ronnow) agreed with that.
“I would like to make everyone happy, but if we're going to make someone happy at the expense of a lot of others, that's not the case.
"I have a responsibility towards Frederik, but I also face the 250,000 Brondby fans registered around the country.”
Entertainment of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: www.ghanaweb.com
2017-10-06
Nthabiseng Matlou
Facebook went haywire when a South African teenager, Nthabiseng Matlou, exposed her breasts to her followers to commemorate her birthday.
With her right hand covering just her nipples, the youngster is seen in a skimpy blue shorts, the only clothes on her.
Her post received 45,000 reactions from Facebook users as well as 24,000 comments. The sexually explicit post was shared 9,891 times on Facebook.
While some people condemned the act with the perception that it was uncourteous and indecent to expose one's breasts online, others thought it was intriguing and interesting. Click “Photos” to see more pictures.
Below are some of the comments;
(AP Photo/Gerry Broome). Patrick Jones waits during proceedings at the Orange County Courthouse in Hillsborough, N.C., Monday, April 17, 2017. Jones, 43, was charged in 2013 with athlete-agent inducement for providing $725 to former North Carolina foot...
(AP Photo/Gerry Broome). NFL agent Terry Watson listens at the Orange County Courthouse in Hillsborough, N.C., Monday, April 17, 2017. Watson faces numerous felony counts related to the football scandal at the University of North Carolina. Thirteen of ...
By AARON BEARDAP Sports Writer
HILLSBOROUGH, N.C. (AP) - A former NFL agent has pleaded guilty to violating North Carolina's sports agent law by providing thousands of dollars in improper benefits to three former Tar Heels football players to entice them into signing contracts with him.
Terry Watson, 43, of Marietta, Georgia, entered his plea Monday afternoon in a deal to resolve 3½-year-old felony charges. Watson received 30 months of probation and a $5,000 fine, while Judge Graham Shirley issued a suspended jail sentence of six to eight months.
Watson pleaded guilty to the 13 counts of athlete-agent inducement for providing roughly $24,000 in cash and travel accommodations to eventual NFL players Robert Quinn, Marvin Austin and Greg Little in 2010. A felony obstruction of justice charge for not providing records sought by authorities was dismissed as part of the deal.
He was one of five people facing charges in the case, four of whom were in the same courtroom Monday.
The law prohibits illegally luring collegiate athletes into contracts by providing them money, gifts or other items of value. It also seeks to regulate sports agent conduct by requiring them to register with the state. It has been enacted in at least 40 states along with the District of Columbia and the U.S. Virgin Islands, though its structure and penalties can vary from state to state. In North Carolina, it is a low-level felony that would typically lead to probation for anyone who doesn't have a criminal record if they plead guilty or are convicted.
Watson's charges came after more than three years of investigation by the Secretary of State's office, which launched its probe in summer 2010 after the NCAA had opened an investigation into the Tar Heels football program. That case ultimately spawned the school's ongoing multi-year academic scandal, which has UNC currently facing five top-level NCAA charges that include lack of institutional control.
"Years ago when this all began, people in the athlete agent industry scoffed at us for looking into these cases," North Carolina Secretary of State Elaine F. Marshall said in a statement. "They said 'This is how it works and you can't change it.' But today, everyone in that business knows that when you come to North Carolina, you had better follow the law. And if you don't, we can and we will enforce the law."
Russell Babb, Watson's attorney, told the court that Watson was no longer working as a sports agent since first facing charges in fall 2013 and had lost his license with the NFL Players Association. Instead, he said, Watson was working in chemical sales and waiting tables as a second job while going through a divorce.
Babb said Watson represented roughly a half-dozen players, including defensive back Cortland Finnegan.
"Terry fully understood what his options were and just wanted some closure today," Babb told The Associated Press after the hearing. "He was adamant that he was tired of this hanging over his head. He's moving forward in a positive direction. Even though his marriage is falling apart, he's working hard and has the love of his kids."
Watson's plea came together a few hours after his friend agreed to testify against him in a case as part of a deferred-prosecution deal that could lead to the dismissal of his charge after 12 months.
Patrick Mitchell Jones, 43, was charged in 2013 with athlete-agent inducement for providing $725 to former Tar Heels football player Robert Quinn. An indictment stated he provided the money through Quinn's former girlfriend to entice Quinn to sign with Watson.
Jones' deal required him acknowledge his involvement and "testify truthfully" against Watson, according to a court document.
He has worked as a real estate agent in Cartersville, Georgia, and was described in a search warrant as Watson's friend. His deal also requires him to stay out of legal trouble, perform 48 hours of community service and not discuss the case with other defendants.
According to a probable cause affidavit in a 2013 search warrant, Jones told an investigator in June 2012 he was Watson's longtime friend and said he sent packages containing cash to student-athletes at Watson's request.
___
More AP college football: www.collegefootball.ap.org
___
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Developer wants to add nearly 250 homes in East Lincoln
MATT CHAPMAN
Staff Writer
The Lincoln County Planning and Inspections Department has scheduled a community involvement meeting regarding yet another proposed subdivision in Denver.
M/I Home of Charlotte is requesting the rezoning of 108 acres from transitional residential to planned development residential to permit a subdivision with 237 single-family detached houses. The property is located on the west side of Little Egypt Road near New Hope Baptist Church and a short distance from East Lincoln High School.
The preliminary concept plan submitted to the planning and inspections department shows a primary and secondary entrance to the site along Little Egypt Road. A traffic impact study has been prepared to determine the effect of the development on the surrounding roadways. That document is currently awaiting approval from the North Carolina Department of Transportation.
The development, which would become known as Cowan's Crossing, if approved, would feature ample open space of nearly 40 percent, which far exceeds the 12.5 percent minimum requirement listed in the Lincoln County Unified Development Ordinance. Cowan's Crossing would also include a pool and cabana, according to the preliminary design review report submitted by M/I Home of Charlotte.
Children residing in the subdivision would attend St. James Elementary School, according to Lincoln County GIS data. They would then move on to East Lincoln Middle School and later East Lincoln High School.
Cowan's Crossing will be constructed in 14 phases as presented in the preliminary concept plan. If approved, construction of infrastructure for the first phase is scheduled to begin during the second quarter of 2018 and the subsequent phases should be completed by the end of 2020.
Cowan's Crossing is the second development in the immediate area of East Lincoln High School to be proposed in recent weeks.
D.R. Horton, Inc. has requested the rezoning of 208 acres to permit a subdivision with 422 single-family detached homes on each side of Ingleside Farm Road adjacent to Trilogy Lake Norman on the opposite side of Killian Creek. A community involvement meeting regarding that proposed Ingleside community is scheduled for tomorrow evening at 7 p.m. inside the East Lincoln Community Center.
The community involvement meeting for Cowan's Crossing has been scheduled for June 22 at 7 p.m. and will also take place inside the East Lincoln Community Center. The East Lincoln Community Center is located at 8160 Optimist Club Road in Denver.
VIDEO: Koker – Wavy
Koker releases the visuals to his new hit tune which he dubbed “Wavy”.
The song “Wavy” is the second release from Koker since Bokiniyen in January this year. “Wavy “was produced by Rhyme Bamz and co-produced by Reinhard. The visual was shot by Director Q.
AUDIO DOWNLOAD
Watch the crispy visuals below and share your thoughts.
The post VIDEO: Koker – Wavy appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
RAMALLAH, Palestinian Territory — The Palestinian president has called the U.S. ambassador to Israel a “son of a dog,” in an angry rant against the Trump administration.
In a speech Monday, President Mahmoud Abbas pre-emptively rejected an expected White House peace proposal.
He criticized the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, the American plan to move its embassy to the city and the cutting off of hundreds of millions of dollars in aid to the U.N. agency for Palestinian refugees.
He also condemned Ambassador David Friedman's close ties with the West Bank settler movement, describing him as a “son of a dog.”
“Some say wait for their plan,” Abbas said. “What shall we wait for? No, we will not wait, and we will not allow that.”
(Go Nakamura via AP). In this Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017 photo, responders work with victims at the scene where a man identified by police as James Alex Fields Jr., plowed a car into a crowd of people who had gathered to protest a white supremacist rally ...
(AP Photo/Steve Helber). A white nationalist demonstrator, bloodied after a clash with a counter demonstrator, talks on the radio receiver at the entrance to Lee Park in Charlottesville, Va., Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017.
(AP Photo/Steve Helber). CORRECTS LAST NAME TO HEIMBACH FROM HEINBACH - Matthew Heimbach, center, voices his displeasure at the media after a court hearing for James Alex Fields Jr., in front of court in Charlottesville, Va., Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. A j...
By JAY REEVESAssociated Press
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) - Emboldened and proclaiming victory after a bloody weekend in Virginia, white nationalists are planning more demonstrations to promote their agenda following the violence that left a woman dead and dozens injured.
The University of Florida said white provocateur Richard Spencer, whose appearances sometimes stoke unrest, is seeking permission to speak there next month. And white nationalist Preston Wiginton said he is planning a "White Lives Matter" rally at Texas A&M University in September.
Also, a neo-Confederate group has asked the state of Virginia for permission to rally at a monument to Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee in Richmond on Sept. 16, and other events are likely.
"We're going to be more active than ever before," Matthew Heimbach, a white nationalist leader, said Monday.
James Alex Fields Jr., a young man who was said to idolize Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany in high school, was charged with killing a woman by slamming a car into a group of counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally Sunday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Fields, 20, who recently moved to Ohio from his home state of Kentucky, was held without bail on murder charges. He was photographed at the rally behind a shield bearing the emblem of the white nationalist Vanguard America, though the group denied he was a member.
Two state troopers also died Sunday when their helicopter crashed during an effort to contain the violence.
The U.S. Justice Department said it will review the violence, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions told ABC that the death of counter-protester Heather Heyer, 32, met the definition of domestic terrorism.
White nationalists said they were undaunted.
Heimbach, who said he was pepper-sprayed during the melee in Charlottesville, called the event Saturday "an absolute stunning victory" for the far right because of the large number of supporters who descended on the city to decry plans to remove a statue of Lee.
Hundreds of white nationalists, white supremacists, neo-Nazis, Ku Klux Klan members and others were involved, by some estimates, in what Heimbach, leader of the Traditionalist Workers Party, called the nation's biggest such event in a decade or more. Even more opponents turned out, and the two sides clashed violently.
A neo-Nazi website that helped promote the gathering said there will be more events soon.
"We are going to start doing this nonstop. Across the country," said the site, which internet domain host GoDaddy said it was shutting down after it mocked the woman killed in Charlottesville.
The head of the National Socialist Movement, Jeff Schoep, said Charlottesville was a "really good" white nationalist event that was being overshadowed by the deaths. "Any time someone loses their lives it's unfortunate," he said.
He blamed the violence on inadequate police protection and counter-demonstrators and said he doubts white nationalists will be deterred from attending more such demonstrations.
Preserving memorials to the Old South has become an animating force for the white nationalist movement, not because all members are Southern, Schoep said, but because adherents see the drive to remove such monuments as part of a larger, anti-white crusade.
"It's an assault on American freedoms. Today it's Confederate monuments. Tomorrow it may be the Constitution or the American flag," Schoep said.
At the University of Florida, where Spencer has asked to speak, President W. Kent Fuchs called the events in Virginia "deplorable" but indicated school officials might be unable to block his appearance.
"While this speaker's views do not align with our values as an institution, we must follow the law, upholding the First Amendment not to discriminate based on content and provide access to a public space," Fuchs said in a message on the university's Facebook page.
Auburn University spent almost $30,000 in legal fees in an unsuccessful attempt to prevent Spencer from speaking on its campus in Alabama in April.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Business News of Monday, 14 August 2017
Source: Myjoyonline.com
2017-08-14
President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo
The president, Nana Akufo-Addo is promising an exciting menu of new business opportunities meant to transform the private sector.
For a sector that has suffered a decline over the last few years, the president said a programme of rapid industrialization and agro-processing will be government's agenda for job creation.
He was speaking at the second edition of the national policy summit on trade and industry opened at the Accra International Conference Centre, Monday.
The policy summit was to outline government's policy on trade and industry and to collate views from other stakeholders on how the best government can fashion out policies to create more jobs for the growing unemployed youth.
The president was under no illusions at all about the challenges his government will be confronted with in a bid to transform the sector.
“The industrial sector suffered a setback over the last few years,” he said.
According to him, in 2008 under the administration of the ex-president John Kufuor the sector peaked to 15% only to slump to 4.8% in 2015. It got worse in 2015 sliding into negative figures, he chronicled.
“The manufacturing sector also recorded negative growth with a significant number of small scale industries brought to their knees,” he intimated.
The president noted the four years of power paralysis under the previous even worsened what was a rather precarious situation in the industrial sector.
Quoting the Institute of Statistical and Industrial Research (ISSER) the president said the effect of the power crisis on the economy in 2015 alone was $618 million. By extension, he said a total of $3 billion was lost in four years to the poor management of the power crisis.
“Thousands of Ghanaians lost their jobs,” he said.
The bleak background notwithstanding, president Nana Akufo-Addo said the government is putting in place a new strategy to comprehensively address the challenges in the industrial sector in order to make businesses thrive and create more jobs.
He outlined a ten point strategy hinged on industrial transformation.
Among the strategies include one district, one factory program which is expected to kick-start in the next couple of weeks.
According to the president, there will be industrial parks established in each of the ten regions of Ghana in what he described as “one region one industrial park.”
There will also be the plan to build on the competitiveness of the existing local industries, improve their finances and make it more lucrative, he said.
PARIS — Rattling through the first two rounds of the French Open without losing a set leaves more time for PlayStation for Naomi Osaka.
And should the next big thing in Japanese tennis turn up late for her next match, it could well be because she lost track of time plugged into her console. Who needs the sights of Paris when you have "The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim" to distract you? ("It's OK you don't know it," she kindly told a middle-aged journalist).
"It's sort of consumed my time a little bit," the 20-year-old Osaka said Wednesday after reaching the third round at Roland Garros. "Literally, if I have 30 minutes then I'll just sit there and I might be a little bit late. Like I'll spend 35 minutes and then I'm like, 'Oh my God, it's 30 minutes past,' and then I have to rush out the door. So if I'm ever late to anything, you know why."
The French Open marks the first time Osaka has been seeded at a major (at No. 21). That billing and her debut title on tour earlier this year, when she tore through a high-powered field to win at Indian Wells, mark out Japan's top-ranked woman as a player to watch in this first week when many struggle to find their feet on the red clay of Paris but others make it their home.
Osaka, who also reached the third round at her first French Open in 2016 only to lose to a qualifier in straight sets in the first round last year, said she is concentrating less on the surface than on trying to win her first Grand Slam.
"In my mind, it's not really clay," she said. "I just focus more on the tennis part, rather than making up excuses of what the surface is and how my play style isn't suited for it."
Osaka's third-round opponent is Madison Keys, an American seeded 13th. Keys beat Osaka in both of their previous matches. If Osaka has her way, next time will not only produce a different outcome but be quick, too — because she hopes to spend as little time as possible on the tournament grounds.
"I'm only here if I have to be, to be honest," she said. "When I was younger I used to love walking around and just experiencing the atmosphere. But now, like, I just sort of think of this as my job. So it's like clocking in and clocking out."
Those she beat on her way to the Indian Wells title in March included five-time major winner Maria Sharapova and top-ranked Simona Halep. At her next tournament, in Miami, she then overpowered Serena Williams, her tennis idol in childhood, 6-3, 6-2 in the first round.
She started travelling with her games console from that point on.
Man Utd target Antoine Griezmann signs new Atletico Madrid contract
Manchester United's hopes of signing Atletico Madrid striker Antoine Griezmann anytime soon have taken a severe hit after he signed a new contract running until June 2022.
The France international had been tipped to move to Old Trafford this summer, but signalled his intention to stay in Spain after Atletico were hit with a transfer ban that would prevent them signing a replacement if he did leave.
He has now formalised that commitment by putting pen to paper on a new long-term deal.
Spanish newspaper AS says the 26-year-old has received a sizeable pay rise in return for extending his stay at the club.
The deal effectively amounts to a one-year extension because his previous deal, which he signed 12 months ago, was already due to run until June 2021, so his loyalty through the transfer ban is being rewarded by his improved terms.
He joined Atletico from Real Socieded in 2014 and has scored 83 goals for the club in 160 appearances in all competitions since then.
By Paola Palacios
You do not need to be in a relationship or dating someone to celebrate Valentine's Day.
There are many people that like to celebrate Valentine's Day. In the Times article, “The truth about Valentine spending,” the National Retail Federation said that 55 percent of Americans celebrate the day of love. With the consumer spending on average $116 according to statisticbrain.com.
Being single on Valentine's Day is not a bad thing. There are many different ways that one can celebrate the holiday without the need of an other half.
Valentine's Day is a day in which a card or gift is given to someone special according to Webster's dictionary.
You do not necessarily need to give someone a gift or a card. You can go to the movies with friends. If you want to be in the Valentine's Day mood, the much anticipated movie “Fifty Shades Darker” is hitting theaters Feb. 10, or you can go for the thriller “Rings” to go for the anti-Valentine's Day mood.
Going to the movies with friends is not the only thing you can do. You can have a little get together at someone's house and have a party. You can have a Brine your own and have everyone share what they bought. Or in some cases have a certain theme to your party. It can be anything from Star Wars to Harry Potter theme or just make up your own.
Overall enjoy yourself this day. Do not feel bad because you don't have that special someone to celebrate with. You are loved either way and someone will come one day. Just wait there is no need to rush. If you just lost someone that you thought was the special someone let me just tell you that one person wasn't the one for you.
Here's to you having a single Valentine's day.
Okpekpe Road Race appoints Ecobank Mobile App as Official Bank Service Platform
Pamodzi Sports Marketing, organiser of the acclaimed Okpekpe International Road Race, has named Ecobank Mobile App as the official Banking Service platform for the 2018 edition of the race slated for Saturday May 12 in Okpekpe, Edo State. Mike Itemuagbor, Chief Executive Officer of Pamodzi Sports Marketing and Chief Promoter of the Okpekpe International Road Race said the Ecobank Mobile App is most suited for the Okpekpe 10km Road Race being an app that has been adopted across Africa.
Mr. Itemuagbor observed that the Ecobank App would adequately cater for the over 5000 local and international professional athletes expected at the competition, in addition to the large number of sports enthusiasts and government officials from across the continent.
According to him, “The Okpekpe Road Race is a global competition. It is therefore natural we look for a bank with a service platform that has international appeal. This informed our choice of Ecobank Mobile App”.
“We have a long partnership with Ecobank based on the bank's African appeal which best suits our dream to become one of the most sought after long distance races in the world. Our athletes come from all over Africa and they have testified that Ecobank products best suit them, enabling them access their funds at any point in time, especially during the competition as they do not need to carry cash or source foreign exchange”.
In his comment, Charles Kie, Managing Director, Ecobank Nigeria said the Ecobank Mobile App is a game changer for African banking by using digital technology to combat many of the financial inclusion barriers faced by those on the continent. He said Ecobank's strategic mission is built around using mobile banking to deliver innovative, efficient and cost-effective services to every African.
“Our app not only removes the barriers that have financially excluded so many Africans but offers next generation functionality to help them send money, make withdrawals or pay for goods and services. Customers can use the app on their mobile to instantly open Ecobank Xpress Account, which doesn't have any account fees, paperwork or minimum balance requirements, or to send and receive money across 33 African countries,” he said.
The Ecobank Mobile App which was launched in 2016 currently has over 4 million users registered and has consummated over one billion dollars' transaction value.
The Okpekpe international 10km road race is organised by Pamodzi Sports Marketing, a leader in sports marketing, sponsorship, hospitality and Rights Acquisition business in Nigeria in conjunction with the Athletics Federation of Nigeria (AFN) and the Edo State Government.
The competition has set the pace for other road races in Nigeria and West Africa. It is the first road race in West Africa to be designated by the IAAF as one of the leading road races around the world since the classification was introduced in 2008. For three years since 2015, the race was organised under the prestigious IAAF Road Race Bronze Label and now it is the first road race to be granted a silver label status in West Africa.
The 2018 edition of the Racewhichholds on May 12th is the 6thedition. It will have over 5,000 runners participating and has also received endorsements from local and international athletes as well as governments.
The post Okpekpe Road Race appoints Ecobank Mobile App as Official Bank Service Platform appeared first on Vanguard News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
JOHNSON CITY, Tenn. — Desonta Bradford scored 22 points, Peter Jurkin had a double-double and East Tennessee State rolled to its 15th straight win on Saturday 81-61 over Chattanooga.
Jurkin had 16 points and 13 rebounds for the Buccaneers (21-4, 12-0 Southern Conference), who tied the 1952-53 team for the second longest winning streak. ETSU won 16 straight in 2003-04. Jalan McCloud added 15 points and David Burrell 14.
Unlike the first meeting, when the Bucs led by 21 at halftime and won 85-66, ETSU was only up by 11 at the break because of a late 14-2 run. Bradford had seven and Burrell five.
The Mocs (8-17, 2-10) never got closer than 11 in the second half.
Rodney Chatman scored 26 points for Chattanooga.
ETUS had a 39-25 rebounding advantage, 44-32 on points in the paint and 11-0 on fast break points.
CAA Agent Accused of Offering Sex to Male Actor in Exchange for Access to Directors and a Hollywood Star
Is One of These 7 Fierce Queens the Next Drag Superstar?
A gay couple who met on a British reality dating show have announced their engagement. Greig Fairweather and Shaun Smith met on Channel 4's First Dates earlier this year.
Hey @FirstDates @fredsirieix1 @CiCi_Coleman @austinventour
Remember seeing us earlier this year? Well last week I asked Greig to marry me, and he said yes! Can't thank you enough for everything! Shaun. #FirstDates pic.twitter.com/jdLex6hcHr — Shaun Smith (@smiffy78) December 5, 2017
Announcing the engagement on Twitter earlier this month, Shaun wrote:
“I have some absolutely fantastic news for you all, sorry if I haven't managed to speak to you over the weekend in person. Last week, I asked Mr. Greig Fairweather to marry me. And he said yes!
“Beyond thrilled, happy and excited. Haven't stopped smiling!”
First Dates restaurant maître d' Fred Siriex was one of the first to congratulate the couple.
According to Attitude, the couple's date was Greig's second attempt to find love on the show. In June, Grieg left the restaurant early because his date did not find him attractive. Undeterred, Grieg met Smith when he returned to the show just two weeks later.
Watch Greig's first First Date below.
(Image via Twitter)
Closure of institutions in southern Kaduna punitive, vindictive – SKYSFOM
Southern Kaduna Youth and Students Forum, SKYSFOM, has noted with dismay that the closure of institutions in the area by the Kaduna State government‎ is punitive, vindictive and in bad omen. A statement signed by the President and Secretary of the forum, Comrade Galadima Jesse and Comrade Ezekiel A. David and issued to newsmen on […]
Closure of institutions in southern Kaduna punitive, vindictive – SKYSFOM
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
1. What day of the week does Halloween fall on this year?
Tuesday
2. Which TV show used “Thank you for being a friend” for their theme song
The Golden Girls
3. Name the golden girl character that Betty White played
Rose Nyland
4. Most pencils across the world are graded using the “HB” scale, what does the H stand for
Hardness
5. Tomorrow the Leafs face the Rangers, name the OTHER NHL team from New York
Islanders
6. What 157th annual event is happening in Elmvale this weekend
The Fall Fair
7. Oktoberfest originated in Germany. Spell Oktoberfest
O K T O B E R F E S T
8. Last night the Barrie Colts played the North Bay Batallion, which team won
Colts
9. “Welcome to the great indoors” refers to which Casino in our area
Casino Rama Resort / Casino Rama
10. Brad has 240 books. They are arranged on shelves that hold 8 books each. How many shelves does he have?
30
Transcript for Lady Gaga cancels the last 10 dates of her 'Joanne' world tour
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Turkey says Gulf Arab rift damages Muslim world as minsters visit Qatar
Saudi Arabia, Egypt, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain have broken off ties and imposed sanctions on Qatar.
The post Turkey says Gulf Arab rift damages Muslim world as minsters visit Qatar appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By SETH BORENSTEIN AND LAURAN NEERGAARD
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - Two government studies that bombarded rats and mice with cellphone radiation found a weak link to some heart tumors, but federal regulators and some scientists say don't worry - it is safe to use your device. They still do.
Previous studies of cellphone users had found little reason for concern, but the newest research took a closer look at the effects of super-high doses in animals to address some lingering questions that could not be tested on humans.
The rat study released Friday found a small increase in an unusual type of heart tumor in male rats, but there were no significant problems in female rats or in a separate study of mice. In particular, scientists could not find hard evidence for concern about brain tumors.
The lead author of the research, John Bucher of the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, is not changing his cellphone use or advising his family to.
"I am actually holding my cellphone up to my ear," Dr. Otis Brawley, the American Cancer Society's chief medical officer, said in an interview after reading the studies.
The rodent studies do not reflect real-life cellphone use, he cautioned.
"These draft reports are bound to create a lot of concern, but in fact they won't change what I tell people. The evidence for an association between cellphones and cancer is weak. And so far, we have not seen a higher cancer risk in people. But if you're concerned about this animal data, wear an earpiece."
The findings about the rare nerve-tissue tumor discovered in the hearts of male rats do not translate directly into a concern for humans, Bucher stressed.
Bucher's agency conducted the $25 million study at the behest of the Food and Drug Administration, which quickly said cellphones are safe.
"The current safety limits for cellphones are acceptable for protecting the public health," FDA radiation health chief Dr. Jeffrey Shuren said in a statement .
Bucher said typical cellphone use is "very, very, very much lower than what we studied."
Rats and mice were bombarded for nine hours a day for up to two years with a radiation level so high that humans would only experience it briefly, such as when a phone with a weak signal expends more energy searching for a stronger one, Bucher said at a news conference.
"At best it might be a weak carcinogen. ... if in fact it is a carcinogen," he said.
Confusingly, the radiated rats somehow lived longer than comparison rats that were not exposed to cellphone radiation. Bucher said that could be just chance, or it could be that the radiation reduced inflammation in the rats, which in turn decreased the risk of a rat disease.
The toxicology program released preliminary results two years ago and finalized them Friday. The earlier report showed a hint of increased brain tumors in male rats, but the final results did not bear that out.
The new rat study found what it called "equivocal evidence" for increases in DNA damage, brain tumors and a few other cancers, but it was not clear that it was related to the cellphones.
"Evidence of DNA damage was seen in some tissues of some animals, but we don't feel we have evidence to comment on the biological significance," Bucher said.
Still, it was surprising that the rodents did experience a variety of other effects, even if they were not at high enough levels to be considered significant and possibly linked, said Leeka Kheifets, an epidemiology professor at the University of California, Los Angeles, and a former head of radiation studies for the World Health Organization.
"There is some concern that there is so much activity going on," she said, also speaking from a cellphone. But "it's not like the sky is falling, a huge effect. Definitely not."
The findings failed to reassure longtime critics of cellphone radiation, such as David Carpenter, head of environmental health at the State University of New York in Albany. Carpenter said the studies were not large enough to uncover some rare problems and that the claim of "equivocal" findings about brain tumors "cannot be dismissed."
"It's not anywhere near as dangerous as cigarettes, but is there a real hazard from excessive use? Yes," Carpenter said from a landline.
In 2011, a working group of the International Agency for Research on Cancer said cellphones are possibly carcinogenic. But numerous studies over the years, before and after that listing, have found little evidence of a problem.
Among the largest studies, a 2010 analysis in 13 countries found little or no risk of brain tumors, with a possible link in the heaviest users that the study's authors found inconclusive. And a large Danish study that linked phone bills to a cancer registry found no risk even from more than 13 years of cellphone use, according to the latest update in 2007.
In December, the state of California put out a guide on how people could reduce exposure to radiofrequency from cellphones if they're worried, such as using earphones or texting instead.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
FOUNTAIN HILLS, Ariz. — A 92-year-old Arizona woman has been arrested and accused of fatally shooting her son who wanted to put her in an assisted living facility, authorities said Tuesday.
Anna Mae Blessing has been booked into jail on suspicion of one count each of first-degree murder, aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and kidnapping, according to the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office.
Blessing was in a wheelchair at her initial court appearance Tuesday where her bond was set at $500,000 and a lawyer was being appointed to represent her.
Sheriff's officials said Blessing's 72-year-old son was found dead Monday at his home in Fountain Hills, located about 30 miles (48 kilometres) northeast of Phoenix.
The man's name wasn't immediately released.
Blessing had been living with her son and his girlfriend for about six months, according to court records.
She told authorities that she argued with her son Monday morning over the way she was being treated and was upset with him stating that he was going to place her in assisted living.
Blessing told detectives she got out two handguns she has had since the 1970s — one bought at a gun store and the other obtained from her late husband.
She concealed two pistols in the pockets of her robe before confronting her son in his bedroom and firing multiple shots at him with one handgun, records show.
The gun was dislodged from Blessing's hand after a struggle with her son's girlfriend, as well as the second weapon, authorities said.
The unidentified woman called authorities and Blessing was located on a recliner in the home and taken into custody.
Larry Bird made his plea years ago.
His request to the NBA was not unique: Bird wanted the league to eliminate the dreaded stretches of four games in five days. What made Bird's pitch memorable was that it didn't just cite the demand of so many games in such a short amount of time, but also pointed out how the anxiousness caused by such tests can hurt a team beforehand and how the fatigue lingers long afterward.
"What he said to me has been ringing in my head ever since," said Tom Carelli, the NBA's senior vice president for broadcasting.
Carelli and the rest of the NBA schedule-making gurus were unable to make Bird's request reality — until now. With an extra week of days to play with, along with some much deeper looks at arena availability and ways to try to help competitive balance, the NBA believes the schedule released Monday should be the most user-friendly in the league's history.
The four-games-in-five-days challenges? Eliminated for the first time in NBA history.
Back-to-backs? Only 14.4 per team on average, an all-time low for the third straight year.
Single-game road trips, average miles traveled and time zones crossed? All down a bit as well.
"I think at this point, and frankly the minute we got the extra week, we could conclude the schedule is really, undebatably, the best basketball schedule we've ever had," said Evan Wasch, the NBA's senior vice president for basketball strategy and analytics. "That's what the week affords you, the opportunity to focus on all these different metrics."
The extra week, which allows the regular season to start Oct. 17 — the league's earliest start since 1980 — was an obvious help. But schedule makers went further, taking a deeper-than-usual look at arena availability around the league and trying to minimize the nights where a weary team will face a well-rested opponent.
In other words, NBA fans, meet FTE.
The metric — an acronym for Fresh, Tired and Even — is a major part of the NBA schedule process. It's a way the NBA has charted how tired one team will likely be when facing another.
FTE has been part of the NBA's internal charting for years, but wasn't often discussed openly or with teams.
"If a team plays the night before and its opponent didn't, then one team is tired and its opponent is fresh," Wasch said. "That fresh-tired ratio will be lower than ever. It's hard to measure and track when you build a schedule manually, but it's easy to track when building one with optimization software."
Instead of asking teams for 50 possible home dates for their respective buildings — the past standard — schedule makers like Carelli, Wasch, Chris Boghosian, Gene Li and Hao Meng instead checked every available date and tried a much broader look at how the puzzle might fit.
Their work might be particularly noticed on ABC games this season.
Last season, when stars like LeBron James, Kyrie Irving, Kevin Love, Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson, Draymond Green and Andre Iguodala all were given nights off when the Cavaliers or Warriors were playing nationally televised games on ABC, there was no shortage of scorn. This season, teams playing in those marquee ABC games will have a day off both before and after those contests.
"The more information we got, the easier it was to reduce back-to-backs," Carelli said.
The changes aren't only to benefit players and teams.
The league this year will be labeling the schedule by week — Week 1, Week 2, so on, from Monday to Sunday. It's essentially a idea at presenting fans, and fantasy players, with a schedule that's broken down into smaller bites.
"It's progress. It's all part of a larger basket of progress," Carelli said.
There will undoubtedly be some schedule griping. No one is claiming perfection. Improvement, for now, is enough, and that extra week of room being built into the season is already making an impact — even though the first real games are still two months away.
"We don't get scored," Carelli said. "We don't necessarily win or lose, which is nice. The bottom line is that our primary, secondary, whatever goal it is, our goal is about the game. Our goal is about doing the best we can to create the most competitively balanced schedule we can for all the teams."
———
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
C-River water agency battles water vandals
By Emma Una
CALABAR — CROSS River State Water Board, CRSWB, Calabar, Cross River State, is engaged in a survival fight with water thieves, debtors and equipment vandals, who illegally obtain water from its supply channels and destroy its installations, hampering efficient water distribution in the state.
Managing Director of CRSWB, Professor Godwin Igile, who spoke to NDV on the occasion of the 2017 World Water Day, stated that the board distributes 180,000 cubic metres of water every day from its seven water plants across the state, but thousands of water consumers do not pay their bills while others vandalise water installations.
Prof. Igile stated that vandalisation of water pipes, valves and metres were a major hindrance in the efficient water distribution across the state, warning that the board was on the watch for vandals and would appropriately deal with them by sending law enforcement agents after them.
Offenders to face revenue court
“Those who illegally connect water would soon be arrested because they are water thieves and those who consume water without paying are also water thieves. We are in partnership with Internal Revenue Services to set up a revenue court to prosecute offenders.”
Igile, who insisted that the target of N250 million by the state governor was still achievable with the completion of six more water plants, assured that more households would be connected to boost the revenue earnings of the board.
“If we work optimally, we could get up to N250 million per month although it is just a target but we believe it is realisable all things being equal, especially with the completion of six other water plants in the three senatorial districts of the state,” he said.
The post C-River water agency battles water vandals appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Darylle has her eye on Adam, Jack and Josh, and is looking for someone with "good chat and banter" – and ideally tattoos
Love Island 2018 contestant Darylle Sargeant has already dipped her toe into the pool of reality TV stars.
Advertisement
“I went on some dates with Dean Ralph who is now on TOWIE,” she says. “We stayed friends.”
With tons of tattoos (“they make me stand out significantly”) and long, brown hair (“it's all my own!”) 24-year-old Darylle is hoping for a romantic connection in the villa. But she's also keen to keep things happy, friendly and above board…
“I'm an open book and I'm very honest,” Darylle says. “I can be quite loud, definitely very friendly and I feel like I can make friends wherever I go. I don't like confrontation or conflict, I want to keep a happy vibe in the villa.”
She adds: “If I have my eye on someone's guy, I will be honest and upfront about it. I am a girls' girl. I have respect for people but I would be honest with them from the beginning so wouldn't step on anyone's toes if I liked their guy.”
Darylle admits to having previously cheated on a partner “a very long time ago”. But, she says, “I learnt from that, I would never do it again.”
What is Darylle looking for in a boy?
“I like tall, dark and handsome!” Darylle says. “I am really tattooed so I love heavily tattooed guys but I also like people who have good chat and banter, someone who isn't too serious.”
And she has her sights set on a few boys already: “In the villa, I've got my eye on Adam, he is beautiful. I like Jack too and Josh.”
But she does have one big turn off.
“Arrogance,” she explains. “I like a bit of cockiness and confidence but there is a fine line before it turns into arrogance.”
Who is Darylle Sargeant? Key facts:
Age: 24
Job: Eyebrow technician
Advertisement
Instagram: @daryllleee
Location: Watford
New audits are listing two cities and a government agency as "barely passable" after unveiling some potentially corrupt practices.
The cities of New Roads and Morgan City - as well as Baton Rouge's park service, BREC - are all getting a "D" grade from the Louisiana Legislative Auditor.
Those low marks have to do with some sort of alleged official misconduct.
BREC is accused of issuing fraudulent paychecks.
The city of New Roads is dealing with alleged mayoral malfeasance.
Also, Morgan City is in hot water for a city clerk charged with theft.
The full reports for all of these issues should be released later in the morning.
Click here for more
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Capsule preview for the NBA Finals between the Cleveland Cavaliers and Golden State Warriors:
——
NBA FINALS
No. 4 CLEVELAND CAVALIERS (50-32, 12-6) vs. No. 2 GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS (58-24, 12-5)
Season series: Warriors, 2-0.
Story line: The fourth consecutive Cavaliers-Warriors matchup in the NBA Finals, the eighth straight trip to the title series for Cleveland star LeBron James, and once again it's Golden State that arrives as the overwhelming favourite. Both teams needed to survive Game 7s on the road to win their conference championships, winning those clinchers in shorthanded fashion — no Andre Iguodala for Golden State, no Kevin Love for Cleveland. James will either become the 39th player with four NBA championships, or the third to lose the title series six times.
How They Got Here: Cleveland beat No. 5 Indiana 4-3, No. 1 Toronto 4-0 and No. 2 Boston 4-3 for the Eastern Conference title. Golden State beat No. 7 San Antonio 4-1, No. 6 New Orleans 4-1 and No. 1 Houston 4-3 for the Western Conference title.
Key Matchup: Golden State's Klay Thompson vs. Cleveland's J.R. Smith. It's safe to expect James, Stephen Curry and Kevin Durant to be spectacular in this series. The Warriors have more firepower than the Cavs, but they're only great when firing on all cylinders. Smith needs to take every last bit of available space away from the ultra-quick-releasing Thompson and not let him get shots off. Should he succeed, that's a big edge for the Cavs.
How the Cavaliers can win: James being spectacular is a prerequisite, and Cleveland needs to bring the same defensive effort that carried the Cavs in the Game 7 win at Boston. From there, Cleveland needs to do what Houston did against Golden State — force turnovers and attack the offensive glass.
How the Warriors can win: Take care of the basketball. Do that, and they will be fine. Don't do that, and they're asking for trouble.
Prediction: Warriors in 5.
——
Compiled by AP Basketball Writer Tim Reynolds
——
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Shea Patterson is leaving Ole Miss and transferring to the University of Michigan.
Patterson made the announcement via Twitter Monday afternoon.
The Shreveport, LA native played in 10 games in two seasons with the Rebels, completing 238-of-392 passes for 3,139 yards and 23 touchdowns.
Patterson suffered a season ending knee injury against LSU on Saturday, Oct. 1. The Tigers easily beat the Rebs, 38-21.
Ole Miss was hit with heavy sanctions under head coach Hugh Freeze by the NCAA, allowing players the freedom to transfer to other schools.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
It was a good week for goals in MLS -- a Goal of the Year candidate here, a wildly improbable backheel there, and all manner of late game-changers.
Here's every goal scored from Week 7 of the 2017 MLS regular season. Which one was your favorite?
Rivers advocates fiscal federalism
By Jimitota Onoyume
PORT HAR-COURT— Rivers State Government has re- echoed its demand for fiscal federalism, saying that it will strengthen the economy of the country as all sections will develop based on their comparative advantages.
Governor Nyesom Wike of the state, who spoke at a state banquet in Government House, Port Harcourt for the Ambassador of the United States to Nigeria, Mr William Symington, urged the United States to also set up a Visa office in Port Harcourt to cater for the region.
The governor said that the state was safe for investors, stressing that his government will continue to create the right atmosphere for business to thrive.
His words: “We are clamouring for true federalism. When you talk of true federalism, they think you don't want to be part of the country. We talk about true federalism as practised in America. We demand a true presidential system where all the federating units will be allowed to enjoy their resources and contribute to the centre.
“That means we believe that there must be a country called Nigeria. All of us will work together for the unity of the country.”
“Forget about the media propaganda. This state is an opposition state. Therefore, don't expect them to say it is the best. But, we are the best state. We are doing everything to ensure that investors do profitable business under the ambit of the law.”
The post Rivers advocates fiscal federalism appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of dealing spice after police officers executed a search warrant at a Croydon shop this morning (Friday, February 2).
Officers attended Reeves Corner Off Licence, on Church Street, at 11am to execute a search warrant at the shop and attached flats after receiving reports that spice was being sold there.
When they went inside, they seized drugs as well as a large quantity of cash, according to the MPS Croydon town centre Twitter account.
In the wake of the raid, police closed the premises for a suspected breach of its licence, a Met Police spokesman confirmed.
Police are permitted to close any licensed premises for a maximum of 48 hours if they believe the use of the venue has caused nuisance or disorder.
A thread of tweets made by an officer at 8.23pm reads: "Following an increase to reports of dealing and using of spice in the town centre, officers today executed a search warrant on a shop and a series of flats.
"This resulted in two arrests, and the seizure of drugs and seizure of a quantity of cash. The venue was also temporarily closed for breaching licensing laws."
Another tweet on the MPS Fairfield account reads: "Warrant executed at an off licence on Reeves Corner due to reports of spice (illegal variety) being sold from under the counter.
"A quantity of spice was found and the shop temporarily closed due to CCTV being seized."
Officers are yet to charge either of the men, the Met spokesman added.
Spice - a mix of herbs which is stronger than cannabis and skunk - can induce an intense hallucinatory trip.
It can also leave users comatose and requiring urgent medical treatment.
Central and Eastern European LCC Wizz Air is preparing to increase its fleet to 122 aircraft by 2020, up from 85, but this rapid growth is putting pressure on its maintenance resources. Wizz Air operates 85 aircraft (64 Airbus A320s and 21 A321s), which is set to grow to 92 by the end of the current financial year in March 2018. Over the full financial year, Wizz will have added three A320s and 10 A321s. A further six A320s, 12 A321s and three A321neos are scheduled to arrive by the end of ...
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A man arrested in Texas for a Louisville shooting is back in Jefferson County.
>> PREVIOUS STORY: Man arrested in Texas for murder of 2 Louisville men near Bowman Field
Aaron Hernandez, 23, was booked into the Louisville Metro Detention Center Friday evening. Hernandez is accused of shooting Joshua Rice, 30, and David Kandelaki, 31, in an apartment on Abigail Drive on January 18.
Hernandez has been charged with two counts of murder, burglary and tampering with physical evidence.
Louisville Metro Police detectives said Hernandez was arrested in Fayette County, Texas a few days after the shooting.
Hernandez is being held on a one million dollar bond.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
In his new book, 12 Rules for Life: An Antidote to Chaos, Peterson draws on everything from neuroscience to the Old Testament to his well-known controversial views
Several U.S.-based climate scientists are about to win multi-year, all-expenses-paid grants to relocate to France.
The "Make Our Planet Great Again" grants are an effort by French President Emmanuel Macron to counter U.S. President Donald Trump on the climate change front. Macron announced a competition for the grants hours after Trump declared he would withdraw the U.S. from the global accord reached in Paris in 2015 to reduce climate-damaging emissions.
Macron is unveiling the winners Monday evening ahead of a climate summit Tuesday aimed at giving new impetus to the Paris accord and finding new funding to help governments and businesses meet its goals.
More than 50 world leaders are expected in Paris for the "One Planet Summit," co-hosted by the U.N. and the World Bank. Trump was not invited.
U.S. Mining Industry Releases FANTASTIC News And They're Thanking Trump For It
Trump has made a bunch of coal miners and union members very happy out there. The coal industry is coming back to life here in the US with help from President Trump. For the first time in two years, in the first quarter of 2017, the coal industry has made a profit. That translates to new plants and jobs.
In 2016, the coal industry saw massive losses and many plants shut down due to the efforts of our Marxist-in-Chief, Barack Obama and the Environmental Protection Agency. There is more mounting evidence of a resurgence in the mining industry than just the numbers. President Trump spoke about the opening of a new coal mine in the Pittsburgh area that expects to employ around 100 workers as an example of the industry's comeback. And that is just the beginning. Obama may have pronounced the industry dead, but it seems rumors of coal's death are greatly exaggerated. We need coal for energy production and this is very good news.
From Breitbart:
The U.S. mining industry is starting to see a resurgence. According to data from the U.S. Census Bureau published last week, the mining industry made a profit for the first time in two years in the first quarter of 2017. U.S. mining corporations with $50 million or more in assets reported $1.957 billion in combined profits after taxes from January to March 2017, according to a collection of quarterly financial reports about the mining industry from the Census Bureau. × 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now The Census Bureau has been posting these quarterly reports about the mining industry in the U.S., including data about profits and losses after taxes, since the fourth quarter of 2000. In the first quarter of 2016, U.S. mining corporations with $50 million or more in assets cited a collective $27.075 billion in losses. The U.S. mining industry had not reported profits since the third quarter of 2014 when it cited profits of $10.258 billion. The most profitable quarter for the U.S. mining industry in the 16 years the U.S. Census tracked profits and losses for the mining industry was in the third quarter of 2008, when it cited $31.376 billion in profits.
President Trump spoke via video at the opening of that new Pennsylvania coal mine and was cheered by workers. He says it's proof that he is keeping his campaign promise to create jobs for miners and create industries to benefit the US economy. And workers are thrilled over it. It's been a long time between jobs for many of them and Trump is giving them a second chance.
“I'm absolutely thrilled to be speaking with you on this great, great day. The miners of Pennsylvania are mining coal again,” Trump said in the video shown at the event with miners, executives and dignitaries. These people are the driving force that elected President Trump. “Washington may be 180 miles down the road, but I want you to know each and every day, I'm fighting for you and all the forgotten men and women of America,” Trump said. Corsa Coal Corporation will build the plant that will supply more than 100 jobs to mine coal that will be used for steel production.
“Under a tent perched hundreds of feet above a freshly dug coal pit, about 200 miners, business leaders, and politicians celebrated amid the surge of enthusiasm for the industry,” the Associated Press reported. “Mining headgear lay atop red, white, and blue table cloths labeled ‘Make Coal Great Again.'” Thanks to President Trump, the entire coal industry has hope again and they are optimistic about their future. Another mine is slated for next year and the year after. Trump is beloved by the working class and he loves them right back… with jobs.
